José Joaquim Cardoso de Melo Neto has always been an accomplished law and policy-maker. His terms as teacher of law were left behind when he joined politics more intensely after the revolt against Rio in his state in 1927, but he was active in a minor scale for a full decade prior in minor legislatures and activities. Having since been a staple figure in the Brazilian parliament, he now finds himself
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1883, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving joined the army at an early age, Eurico graduated at the Porto Alegre Military School in 1908, and further studied in Rio de Janeiro, where he was stationed during the civil war. While not fully supporting the Federal Government's cause, he did not side with the Paulista alliance either. His command in Rio had him frequently square off against strikes and barracks uprisings of syndicalist nature, giving him an immense distaste for the ideology that caused this chaos, and he seldom hid his immense disregard for their movement, especially after they took over Chile and caused open war in Argentina. He is a leading figure among conservative officers,but has shown little interest in Integralist movements or ideology due to his more traditional conservative leanings, despite them sharing positions in violent opposition to Syndicalism. He is also personally opposed to any involvement of Brazil in European or overseas entanglements in general, preferring a generally neutral foreign policy for the nation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Eurico has a speech impediment, and always swaps the sounds for the letters C and X.§!
...\n\nAre you seriously playing puppet Wales?
[FROM.GetLeader] Rails Against Japan
$fengtian_endgame_events.004.d.base$\n\nSecuring national unification through the might of the Anguojun, it would appear that the disparate Warlord alliance stewarded by Fengtian's eclectic and corrupt government has begun to mandate proper consolidation under National forces. Whilst perhaps an ideal preferred by a nation so damaged by war and bloodshed for decades, is it tolerable for [ROOT.GetLeader] to submit their government to an intolerable northerner? To permanently sunder any ambitions of their own stake to the presidency?
