CNT Spain Focus Tree
French Assistance
Patrullas de Control
With much of the police having sided against the socialists during the civil war, a new public order force has been established to maintain internal peace within the nation.
Confederal Militias
The CNT-FAI have organised together many Spanish socialists into militia units to aid in fighting for the revolution. While lacking in training compared to the average soldier, they more than make up for it with their upmost commitment to the socialist cause.
Workers Militias
Trade unions within Spain have banded together to organise their own militia units to provide a steady surplus of manpower for the revolution.
Unbreakable Spirit
While many other soldiers will surrender at the first sign of trouble, these committed revolutionaries will fight on for the sake of their cause.
The Final Push
The civil war is quickly reaching its conclusion and the socialists of Spain have issued a final all out offensive to finally crush their monarchist opponents in hopes of finally achieving their revolutionary ambition.
Communard Advisors
Advisors from the Commune of France have been sent to aid in military matters.
British Advisors
Advisors have been sent from the Union of Britain to aid in naval and aeronautical developments.
Franco-British Advisors
Advisors have been sent from both the Commune of France and the Union of Britain to aid in land, naval, and aerial warfare.
Joint Internationale Training
Advisors have been sent from both the Commune of France and the Union of Britain to aid in land, naval, and aerial warfare.
Unification of Iberia
Following the conquest of Portugal, the socialist government of Spain has declared the unification of Iberia. While many in Portugal are resistant to socialist Spanish rule, it is hoped that within time that all the peoples of Iberia will come to accept this.
Liberated Workers
The workers of Spain have been liberated from their capitalist overlords, with hopes this will aid Spanish economic development.
Empowered Unions
Strong unions are at the heart of Syndicalist ideology, and so the unions of Spain have been granted significant control over the country's economy.
Socialist Academia
The former Royal Academies of Spain have been completely restructured to provide a socialist minded education to the peoples of Spain.
Iberian Anarchism
The vision of CNT-FAI is the one that guides Spain forwards towards a path of anarchism, hoping to restore the nation's prosperity and liberate its peoples from oppression.
Iberian Socialism
The vision of PSOE is the one that guides Spain forwards towards a path of Marxist Socialism, hoping to restore the nation's prosperity and liberate its peoples from oppression.
Shining Beacon of Socialism
With the entrenchment of socialism in Iberia many look towards the nation as a light in the darkness, a true beacon of socialism.
The Spanish Civil War has begun
\n§CThis focus will provide a different National Spirit depending on if §rCNT-FAI§! or §RPSOE§! are in power§!
Consolidating Spain
Our country has been torn apart by inner conflict, and only time will tell if her new regime will be able to keep it afloat.
Rebuilding the Economy
The economy of Spain has been completely destroyed by our recent troubles. Now that the situation has stabilised, it is time for us to rebuild.
Expand the Railroads
Railroads have been one of the main sources of infrastructure for Spain since their introduction in the last century. As we rebuild the economy, we should rebuild and modernise the Spanish railroads.
Extract Natural Resources
Spain has an abundance of minerals that can be exploited. We should survey the land for new deposits and export these minerals abroad. Of particular interest is Galician tungsten. There is great potential to be found there.
Provincial Rebuilding
We should look at rebuilding the various provinces and let their economy improve and recover.
Military Investments
The government's next focus should be in the development of further armament factories. Not only will this help provide jobs for our workers, but it will also help military production for the future wars.
Strengthen Domestic Construction
A strong domestic construction industry is vital to further economic developments in our lands, and so the government must support further industrial developments in Spain.
Electrification Programme
In order to help improve the economy we should look at electrify the country of Spain. This shall have over time beneficial impacts for the Spanish economy.
True Socialist Education
The state of education we have inherited from the reactionaries is a disgrace. Not only do the schools teach children reactionary thinking, they don't even do a good job at teaching them the rest. We must reform the education system in a true socialist fashion, for quality education leads to a bright future for all.
Bring Socialism to Real Academia
The Royal Academies have served as the best higher education facilities in Spain for centuries, but they are corrupted by capitalism and reactionary ideals. We must reform the academies to restore their true purpose of education, through a socialist lens.
Foster Workplace Democracy
By stripping away the oppressive hierarchies that exist in the workplace, and implementing democracy instead we can both greatly improve the working lives of our people and the efficiency of our workplaces.
Liberated Industrial Workers
Years of capitalist stagnation have led to our country's industry falling into ruins. By bringing socialism to the workplace and liberating the workers from their oppression, we can begin the process of rebuilding.
Socialist Agriculture
The many small farm estates of the countryside have struggled during the recent troubles we have faced, as they have been unable to adopt new agricultural technologies and methods of cultivation. We should subsidise the import of modern agricultural equipment to jump start this process.
State Arms Industry
War will likely come to Spain in the future. Our western neighbour, Portugal, is likely to be an enemy to our allies in the Commune of France. Thus, in order to prepare for that future war, state owned arms factories must be established that shall be run by as many of our workers as possible.
Syndicalise the Economy
The shambles left to us by the previous government that we call the Spanish economy is proof of the failures of capitalism. In order for the economy to recover, it must be truly syndicalised.
Empower the Unions
Unions are fundamental to Syndicalism and the liberation of the working class. For the Spanish economy to truly thrive we must greatly empower our country's unions, which will bring power back to the humble worker.
Spanish Miracle
At long last the Spanish economy has been rebuilt. Throughout Spain, the people are hard at work while also enjoying the newfound economic prosperity throughout the realm.
Establish the Ejército Popular
The people's revolution is finally here. It is time for our new army to replace the old royal army structures with one fitting that of the revolution! This way we can cast aside old and outdated ways of thinking and embrace the new.
Boots On the Ground
War is no place to take unnecessary risks. We will build the Popular Army on the basis of tried and tested methods from which we can improve and develop..
Confederal Militias
We must abandon outdated ideas of military organisation and adapt our armed forces around the people's militias, the true heart and soul of our army. Only through the will, dedication, and sacrifice of these militias can the revolution succeed.
Red Rifles
An armed revolution is a successful revolution, and a revolution armed with more than museum pieces and farmer's rifles is likely to be even more successful. It is therefore critical that we focus on designing and producing even better equipment for our soldiers in order to outgun the opposition, so that we may secure the socialist cause in our nation.
Patrullas de Control
The Guardia Civil is an inherently oppressive organisation that must be abolished. In its place we will institute the Patrullas de Control, Control Patrols, to upkeep public order in the new Republic.
Mandated Ammunition Quotas
In times of peace we can afford to enforce safety standards and protections in our factories, but we no longer have this luxury. While some of those working in our factories may be injured, or potentially give their lives in service of the cause, it is a sacrifice we have to endure.
Soldiers of the Revolution
Our first order of business is to look to our army - to ensure that it consists of hard workers, those devoted to the new socialist order. Anyone who still holds to the old ways, or who clings too much to faith as more important than their ideology, must be summarily purged from the ranks and replaced with true members of the working class.
Unbreakable Spirit
With the revolution in our hearts we will not surrender after a few simple battles. We will fight battle after battle until we have emerged victorious.
Escuelas Populares de Guerra
Our officer training started as a makeshift endeavour where defectors from the Kingdom´s military and law enforcement taught our new aspiring officers however best they could. We need to standardise the curriculum, ensure proper testing and grant access to any competent candidate. Unlike the reactionaries, we value capacity over connections, family or wealth, and that reliance on talent will pay by itself very soon.
Army of Manoeuvre
It is no longer the Weltkrieg, wars cannot be easily won by simply having a large cannon. Motorised divisions, tank brigades, and fast moving infantry are key to victory, and so they will be key to the armies of Spain.
Spanish Auto Industry
We should look at modernising the Automotive industry of the Spanish Army. Mechanised warfare will require better trucks and automobiles. This shall help in getting supplies to our troops as well as increasing the mobility of our soldiers.
Armoured Warfare Tactics
The Weltkrieg showed to everybody the potential use of tanks. Combined with motorised or mechanised support, tanks can excel at the purpose they were designed to achieve; to catch the enemy by surprise. Unlike in the Weltkrieg, where tanks were massive and vulnerable targets, a much more mobile approach is needed.
To the Death´s Head!
Centuries ago, the Lusitanian cavalry charged across the battlefields of Iberia and beyond risking their lives in the face of death. Modern industry, with its steel plates, roaring engines and thundering gunds have birthed the “acorazado” a new generation of cavalry vehicles that will rule the battlefields of the present century in the same spirit of death´s defiance.
Request British Tank Shipments
Our comrades in Britain maintain a significant stockpile of tanks left over from the days of the old regime, which can easily be repurposed after covering up the monarchist symbols with a fresh coat of paint. With the ongoing war we are embroiled in, we may be able to put these tanks to use and so should request a shipment of them from our British allies.
A Revolutionary Army
It was not long ago that our army was hopelessly outdated, barely advancing since the Napoleonic Wars. Now with our recent reforms and technological advancements the Spanish army can no longer be discounted as an outdated relic, being now a modern army that may soon become the premier army of Europe.
Armada Española
During the Spanish golden age, the Spanish Armada was the greatest fleet within the world. Its ship sailed the oceans and we ruled the waves. We should modernise our fleet to bring glory back to our navy.
Dirección General de la Marina Mercante
The Spanish navy was famous for its merchants. Spanish gallons filled with gold and other goods from the Americas would flow back to the mainland. We should rekindle this spirit and build a modern merchant marine for the Spanish Navy.
Revolutionary Admiralty
The reactionary naval old guard will be swept away and a brand new generation of skilled admirals shall take their place, to protect both our coastline and our syndicalist friends overseas.
Infantería de Marina
The Infantería de Marina is the marine force of the Spanish Navy and the oldest marine corp in the world, having been founded in 1537 by Charles I of Spain. While the Infantería de Marina has slowly lost most of its prestige as the years have gone by, under [SPA.GetLeader] things will be different. Our marines shall be once again restored to a status truly befitting their legacy.
The New Armada
The new Spanish Navy will be a grand navy, able to project our power across all of the world's oceans. We shall rebuild the Spanish Navy to the power of its heights, soon Spain shall rule the waves once again.
Modern Galleons
The great galleons of Spain were the strongest ships of their age. Likewise as we build up and modernise our navy we should build modern battleships and dreadnoughts to secure the seas once again.
Dedicated Armoured Cruisers
While dreadnoughts are the pride of the Spanish Navy, armoured cruisers will also serve a vital role as escorts for our navy.
Guardians of the Spanish Coast
The Spanish Navy shall focus on defending Spain itself. While it shall not be as large as some want, it will be respected and it shall defend Spain from all enemies.
Establish a Dedicated Coast Guard
Currently Spain lacks any form of dedicated coast guard force, with most of the duties being handled by the Guardia Civil until recently. If we are to fully protect the Spanish coast from any possible threats, it would be imperative for us to establish a dedicated coast guard unit to handle these duties instead.
Fortify our Coasts
Without our colonies, we must focus on protecting our coasts from the threat of naval invasion should we hope to survive the coming struggle. However in case that is not viable, several well placed coastal forts and batteries shall do the job.
Light Cruiser Support
The use of smaller, more lightly armoured scout ships will allow us to disperse forces across a wide area in order to scout our entire coastline, ensuring we are able to rapidly respond to enemy incursions.
Masters of the Sea
The Spanish Navy has been successfully reformed and is now one of the greatest navies in the world. We once again assume our rightful title of Masters of the Sea.
Fuerzas Aéreas Populares
From its humble origins attached to the Navy to their intensive use in recent years, the air service has grown large enough to be a complete branch of the armed forces. We will advance the technologies and professionals that will lead us to conquer the skies!
Nationalise Civilian Aerodromes
The infrastructure needed to support a large air force does not need to be built completely from the ground up. Across the country there are many civilian aerodromes which we would be able to nationalise and expand into proper military airports, saving us significant time in establishing new airfields for our pilots to use.
Pilots of the Revolution
We are in urgent need of new pilots, people willing to risk death in the skies for the sake of the revolution. All amateur pilots, be they men or women, should be called up to help defend the revolution, and so should any other brave comrade who wishes to aid the revolution further.
Support the Aviation Industry
Spanish aircraft manufacturers have been stunted by the turbulence that has plagued the country for several years. Ongoing troubles in the world have showed the need for modern aircraft companies, and so support should be provided to several Spanish companies that seek to modernise our aviation industry.
Air Supremacy
The skies must be free from enemies and our armies unmolested by hostile aircraft. Our air force should primarily be focused on establishing and maintaining control of the air.
Fighter Effort
Fighters are the backbone of any air force, allowing us to express our supremacy over the sky and allow the rest of our air force to flourish. To ensure that we are able to do so, we must focus on developing new fighter models to outperform our enemies in the air.
Purchase Foreign Planes
Our country is not really in the position to manufacture an air force. For this reason, we must purchase old planes from abroad to help kickstart the Spanish Air Force. The air war is likely to become of greater importance as the Weltkrieg had suggested decades ago.
Army Air Support
The easiest enemy to fight is one who has already been killed by a bombing run before the battle begins, and so our air force should be focused on producing planes focused on battlefield support missions and bombing efforts to support our troops in their endeavours.
Bomber Effort
To truly assist the army, our air force must be capable of destroying fortified positions and disrupting enemy infrastructure. To accomplish this, we should focus on the development of new tactical and strategic bombers.
The Red Sky
Radar is a promising new technology which, with further development could provide a wealth of information about enemy tactics and positions and reveal the course of enemy aircraft. If our air force is to succeed in the skies, proper radar must be constructed to aid it.
Desperta Ferro!
By the end of the Middle Ages, a famous company of Aragonese mercenaries, the Almogávares, made their war cry “Awake the Iron” famous across the Mediterranean. That war cry will honour a new unit of paratroopers; quick infantry, transported by planes and able to deploy behind enemy lines.
Protect the Spanish Skies
Anti air is vital to the protection of Spain, we cannot allow enemy bombers to destroy our beautiful cities. We must therefore construct anti air batteries across the country to shoot down any aircraft that dares to attack it.
Champions of the Skies
The air force is no longer a rag-tag collection of volunteers, but a fully functioning organ of our military. Let us rule the skies of Spain and beyond!
Congress of Iberian Socialism
Now that our troubles have ended it is time to hold a congress to discuss the future direction of our nation, and mend the political rift which remains between the monarchists, the extremists, and our new socialist regime.
The Anarchist Revolution
The future of Spain, and Iberia as a whole, is an anarchist one. The oppressive hierarchies that have crushed the free peoples of Iberia will be swept away and replaced by a fair and free Anarcho-Syndicalist system.
The Red Nation State
The path to true socialism does not happen overnight, no matter what some may believe. Instead a strong nation state must exist to guide our peoples towards the final goal of socialist liberty.
Crush the Revolution's Enemies
The only way we will ever see permanent peace in Spain is to crush the opposition entirely. They have no place in the new order, and no strength with which to resist us.
Rehabilitate the Old Republicans
When the old Republic fell many of its leftist members were further radicalised to supporting our cause, but many still stuck to their moderate misguided beliefs. Now that we have established a new republic once again, we should help guide these moderates towards socialism rather than outright reject them as reactionaries.
Autonomous Communities of Iberia
Iberia is not one homogeneous unit, it is made up of many diverse peoples and cultures. Each of these communities within our country should be granted autonomy to allow their cultures to flourish, collectively enriching all of Iberia's peoples.
Collectivise the Factories
No one man or woman should have the right to control the factories that are the lives of many of our citizens. Instead factories should be handed over to the collective ownership of the workers, allowing them to directly own the means of production.
National Union
Under socialism there are no Spaniards, there are no Galicians, there are no Catalans either. The only factor that truly divides us is class, and the proletariat of Iberia must be united under one nation if we are to defeat the bourgeois reactionaries.
Planned Economy
Allowing the free market to fester in Spain and destroy its economy was the downfall of the old regime. By instead introducing central economic planning we can ensure that the failures that led to our suffering during Black Monday will never again occur.
Anticlericalism
The Catholic Church is a corrupt decadent institution that has routinely oppressed the peoples of Spain, and missed no opportunity to side with our enemies. Steps must therefore be taken to eliminate the Church in Spain, lest we allow their influence to harm our people further.
Unifying the Popular Front
We would have not succeeded in our revolution if it was not for our many socialist comrades who have united with us in one shared goal, despite differing views on socialist theory. It is imperative that we ensure continued unity within our coalition, for we do not wish to be destroyed by infighting like many prior failed socialist movements.
Expanding the Rights of Women
Women have been vital to the development of socialism in our nation, and for the working class to be truly liberated the liberation must also extend to women. We will commit to eliminating discrimination against women in our nation, and ensure true equality between the sexes.
Social Revolution
The primary theatre of revolution is the hearts of the people, not the battlefields of war. For the revolution to succeed we must win over the hearts of the people to the socialist cause.
Ensuring a Stable Government
Spain has spent the past few decades in a perpetual state of instability and chaos. It now seems that through our efforts this period of instability is at its end, and we are able to move towards a prosperous future.
The Shining Beacon of Spanish Socialism
Our efforts over the past few months have come to fruition and the wave of socialism that has swept over the nation has firmly entrenched itself. Many of the still oppressed peoples of the world look to us as a beacon of hope in the darkness, knowing one day they too will be liberated by socialism.
Looking Outwards
The time has come to look outwards, beyond the rebuilding of Spain itself, and to the revolution which we must help spread across the entire world. For the working class!
Approach the Commune
Our most natural allies lie with the Internationale. We must offer to join their ranks at once - for our protection, and for the benefit of all syndicalist nations.
Bringing the Revolution to Portugal
Our Iberian Federation will never be complete until we spread the revolution to our brethren in the west.
Workers of Iberia, Unite!
The Portuguese royals have been driven from their decadent palaces and it is now time to realise the Iberian dream. While those in Portugal may initially resist, as most do to change, soon they will realise the future of Iberia is one united in socialism.
Communard Advisors
France is the home of the revolution, we have much to learn from the French example and we are lucky that they are also so willing to teach.
British Advisors
Once a home of reactionaries, now Britain is home to arguably the greatest navy and air force in the Syndicalist world. If we wish to improve our own naval and air fleets, the British are all too willing to provide assistance.
Joint Military Training
While the teachings of the British and French revolutionaries on their own have greatly benefited our nation, by combining their teachings we are able to bring our military to even greater heights few could have dreamed of only a few years ago.
$SPA_totalist_party$
$SPA_totalist_party_long$
$SPA_syndicalist_party$
$SPA_syndicalist_party_long$
$SPA_radical_socialist_party$
$SPA_radical_socialist_party_long$
$SPA_social_democrat_party$
$SPA_social_democrat_party_long$
$SPA_social_liberal_party$
$SPA_social_liberal_party_long$
$SPA_market_liberal_party$
$SPA_market_liberal_party_long$
$SPA_social_conservative_party$
$SPA_social_conservative_party_long$
$SPA_authoritarian_democrat_party$
$SPA_authoritarian_democrat_party_long$
$SPA_paternal_autocrat_party$
$SPA_paternal_autocrat_party_long$
$SPA_national_populist_party$
$SPA_national_populist_party_long$
Iberia
Iberian
Iberia
Spanish Socialist Republic
Spanish
the Spanish Socialist Republic
Spanish Socialist Republic
Spanish
the Spanish Socialist Republic
Spanish Socialist Republic
Spanish
the Spanish Socialist Republic
Iberian Union
the Iberian Union
Iberian Confederation
the Iberian Confederation
Iberian Union
the Iberian Union
CNT-FAI
Anarchist
CNT-FAI
Dolores Ibárruri Gómez
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1895, in Gallarta, Province of Biscay, Kingdom of Spain§!
Ángel Pestaña Núñez
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1886, in Santo Tomás de las Ollas, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!
Buenaventura Durruti Dumange
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1896, in León, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeing the son of a common labourer and socialist trade unionist, it is hardly a surprise that José Buenaventura Durruti Dumange would find his way to socialism and anarchist thought from a young age. However, very few who knew this man in his formative years could have predicted that less than two decades later he would become one of the premier commanders of the Spanish revolutionary cause.\n\nDespite strikes and worker disputes being commonplace in Durruti's childhood, his involvement in the general strike of 1917 would dramatically alter the direction of his life. Initially fleeing to France after the deployment of the Civil Guard against the strikers, he was rearrested not long after attempting to re-enter Spain. Managing to escape captivity and cross the border once again, Durruti soon found himself in the middle of the last days of the Third French Republic.\n\nUsing connections made during his prior stays in the nation, the young anarchist joined one of the many revolutionary cells across France participating in the uprising against the old regime. Distinguishing himself in the fighting for control of Marseilles, Durruti quickly attracted the attention of those in the new government who wished to export their revolution across the globe. His initial plans to return to Spain after the war's conclusion were soon scuppered by the strikes in Argentina developing into a full blown civil war.\n\nWithin a few months he would set sail for Patagonia alongside a few of his new comrades on an indiscernible vessel filled with leftover armaments from the Weltkrieg and Civil War. Their eventual arrival in Patagonia was met with a welcome from the strikers more akin to that of returning soldiers than one would expect in response to a simple military attaché. Even with this aid from France the war in Patagonia quickly reached a stalemate. With further victories seeming unlikely Durruti soon departed back to his homeland for many years, only returning to Patagonia much later alongside Nestor Makhno. Even without a full victory being achieved, words of his alleged exploits still began to spread like wildfire in anarchist circles.\n\nNow having returned to the land of his birth once more, Durruti has quickly become the figurehead of Spain's anarcho-syndicalist movement. While not often involving himself in much of the daily bureaucracy, his continuous influence upon it is hard for anyone to deny.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1896, in León, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!
Comité Central de la CNT-FAI
§YFounded:§! §LJuly 1936, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Bibiano Fernández Osorio y Tafall
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1902, in Salcedo, Province of Pontevedra, Kingdom of Spain§!
Domingo Batet Mestres
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1872, in Tarragona, Province of Tarragona, Kingdom of Spain§!
José Riquelme y López Bago
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1880, in Tarragona, Province of Tarragona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Emilio Herrera Linares
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1879, in Granada, Province of Granada, Kingdom of Spain§!
Vicente Rojo Lluch
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1894, in Fuente de la Higuera, Province of Valencia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Francisco Largo Caballero
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1869, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a life of poverty and raised by a single mother fleeing an abusive husband, Francisco Largo Caballero's journey through life has been far from an easy one. Forced to start work to support his family at just the age of 7, he would eventually find work as a plasterer, honing his trade specifically in stucco work. His continued work in this field into his twenties and the growing labour movement in the nation would soon inspire him to join the Workers' General Union (UGT). Membership of the UGT would a few years later lead to him also joining its close associate the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), the same party he now leads in the present day.\n\nLargo's fervent activism in support of the Spanish workers movement over the next two decades would see his gradual rise through the ranks into one of the primary leaders of Spanish socialism. Once merely just inspired by Pablo Iglesias, the founder and leader of PSOE, he soon became Iglesias's second in command and eventual successor during the rise of the de Rivera regime.\n\nUnder the new dictatorship, he initially adopted a controversial reformist approach by cooperating with the government. However, the untenability of complying with de Rivera's demands led Largo and the PSOE to eventually oppose the regime and join their fellow republicans in attempts to oust de Rivera, ultimately contributing to the establishment of the short-lived Second Republic.\n\nWith the new regime having seemingly cemented itself for good, Francisco Largo has assumed his role as leader of the new republic to guide it forwards. Many struggle to describe the ideology Largo now leads the nation with. Some have taken to labelling him as a \
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1869, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Juan García Oliver
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1901, in Reus, Province of Tarragona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Horacio Martínez Prieto
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Bilbao, Province of Biscay, Kingdom of Spain§!
Juan Peiró Belis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1887, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Andrés Nin Pérez
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1892, in El Vendrell, Province of Tarragona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Ramón Rufat Llop
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1916, in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Enrique Líster Forján
§YBorn:§! §LApril 21st, 1907, in Ameneiro, Province of La Coruña, Kingdom of Spain§!
Joaquín Ascaso Budría
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1906, in Zaragoza, Province of Zaragoza, Kingdom of Spain§!
Manuel Tagüeña Lacorte
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1913, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Juan \
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1906, in El Puerto de Santa María, Province of Cádiz, Kingdom of Spain§!
Cipriano Mera
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1897, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Julio Mangada Rosenörn
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1877, in Sancti Spíritus, Santa Clara Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!
Ignacio Hidalgo de Cisneros
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1896, in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Province of Álava, Kingdom of Spain§!
Felipe Díaz Sandino
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1891, in Caldetas, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Pedro Prado Mendizábal
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1902, in Lugo, Province of Lugo, Kingdom of Spain§!
Luis González de Ubieta
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1899, in León, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!
José Pellicer Gandía
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1912, in Valencia, Province of Valencia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Luis Casado Escudero
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1897, in Vigo, Province of Pontevedra, Kingdom of Spain§!
Eleuterio Díaz-Tendero Merchán
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1883, in Consuegra, Province of Toledo, Kingdom of Spain§!
Pavel Batov
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1897, in Filisovo, Yaroslavl Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Virgilio Leret Ruiz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1902, in Pamplona, Province of Navarra, Kingdom of Spain§!
Esteve Terradas i Illa
