Northern Ireland Focus Tree
ICA
Irish Citizen Army
NIWLC
North of Ireland Workers Liberation Committee
NILP
Northern Ireland Labour Party (Unionist)
NILP
Northern Ireland Labour Party (Moderate)
UPLA
Ulster Progressive Loyalist Association
NLCL
National League for Civil Liberties
UDP
Ulster Democratic Party (Moderates)
UDP
Ulster Democratic Party (Hardliners)
UPL
Ulster Protestant League
NG
National Guard/Blueshirts
No Surrender!
Willing to fight and die for their freedom, their king, and their country, the loyalists of Ulster show an unwavering ferocity that is unmatched by most, save for their most ardent Irish rivals. Although small in number, this unbreakable spirit may be enough to turn the tide of any war in their side's favour.
Ulster Catholics
While Northern Ireland may bill itself as a \
Canadian Advisors
In an effort to aid Northern Ireland in their revolt against the Irish government, Canada has sent a team of military advisors to help reshape the rebels into a proper fighting force, rather than a collection of ragtag volunteers.
To the Shores of Blighty
While small in number, the loyalists of Ulster are some of the most committed subjects of the British crown and will fight to see its restoration, or die trying.
IEDC Aid
While some loyalists may refer to Ulster as Ireland's \
Executive Committee of Northern Ireland
The devolved administration of Northern Ireland, first established following partition, has been restored to the province. While the powers granted to the province are those often reserved for Dominions of the Crown rather than direct parts of the United Kingdom, few in government regard its present status as anything but an integral part of the nation.
Royal Ulster Rifles
Having originally been established in 1881 as one of the eight Irish raised regiments of the British army, the Royal Ulster Rifles have been re-commissioned by the government of Northern Ireland to fight once more for the crown and the Union they hold dear.
Quartering the King's Men
With Northern Ireland's strategically important position to the Entente's armed forces, provisions have been put in place to allow the region to properly facilitate and quarter allied troops when necessary.
Northern Ireland
Northern Irish
Northern Ireland
Basil Brooke
North of Ireland Workers Liberation Committee
Harry Midgley
Denis England
William Stewart
James Hanna MacCormick
Wilfred Spender
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1876, in Plymouth, Devon, England§!
J.M. Andrews
Brian Maginess
Clarence Graham
Tommy Henderson
William Grant
George Robinson
Duncan James Shaw
Harry Lauder
Cecil Longstreet
Donald Harbridge
Ulster War Council
Prime Minister of Northern Ireland
For God and Ulster!
Londonderry Line
Bastion of Belfast
Rally Against the Fenians
Call up the Constables
Fight Fire with Fire
Ulster Says No!
The Provisional Government
Fighting the Catholic Fifth Column
Rooting Out the Trade Unions
The Royal March
For King and Country
Aid from the IEDC
To Blighty's Shores!
Prosperity Province
The New, Old Order
Protestant Parliament for Protestant People
Dominion of the Union
Reforming Stormont
Restoring the Premiership
The Model Province
Quis Separabit?
Establishing the Northern Ireland Office
Appointing a Secretary for Northern Ireland
An Integral Union
Royal Ulster Army
Rebuild the Fusiliers
Catholic Exclusion
Modernise \
Volunteer Backbone
Bring up the Rifles
The Entente's Slipway
Sydenham Airfield
The Docks of War
Quartering the King's Men
Send Rifles to [NIR.GetName]
Ulster has said no to Irish rule, and we cannot allow loyal subjects of the crown to fall by the wayside. To aid their uprising, we should send a shipment of rifles so that every man who wishes to fight has the means to do so.
Belfast Military Attaché
If we wish to ensure that our loyal subjects in Ulster win their freedom, it is vital that we send a military attaché to help reorganise their ragtag volunteers into a proper fighting force able to shake off their Irish oppressors.
Join the Entente
If we are to become part of the United Kingdom once more, first we must join the Entente alliance - where we belong.
Secure Northern Ireland
Despite their valiant efforts, our loyal subjects in [NIR.GetName] have been beaten back by the Irish reds. Unless we get to them in time, the precarious nature of their position will mean that their uprising will collapse, and our foothold onto Britain will be lost to us.
Two of §Y[IRE.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s generals will be §YWounded§! for 120 days.
§GNorthern Ireland will remain an autonomous province of the United Kingdom, returning to the same status it held in the brief period following partition.§!
§GNorthern Ireland will slowly begin the process of fully integrating itself into the United Kingdom to become an integral part of the newly restored nation and its politics.§!
Britain has chosen to pursue full integration of Northern Ireland.
Britain has chosen to allow continued Northern Irish devolution within the Union.
The Future of Northern Ireland
While much of the focus of the newly restored rightful government is of course upon the future of Britain itself, one must not forget that the nation extends across the Irish sea to its loyal subjects in Ulster. A delegation led by [NIR.GetLeader] himself recently visited [GBR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to not only congratulate the government upon its restoration, but also to request input on what the future shall hold for Northern Ireland's place in the Union and how their own provisional government can begin moving towards that future.\n\nAt present there are two primary suggestions regarding the future organisation of Northern Ireland within the nation, with the first of these being a return to a similar devolved status as the province previously enjoyed for a brief period following the Partition. Under these plans the province will continue to remain part of the United Kingdom, but it will be granted a privileged status not too dissimilar to that of a dominion with its own government and prime minister to handle its own political affairs.\n\nThe alternative proposal, one which the provisional government seems to favour, is the return once more to a fully integrated Northern Ireland within the United Kingdom. Instead of being granted any form of devolved self-governance as it held previously, Northern Ireland would be treated almost no differently than Lancashire or Kent. To the fervorous loyalists this is seen as the only way to ensure that they are never separated again from the nation they hold dear. Ultimately however, the choice between these options is one for Britain to now make.
Full integration should be pursued.
A devolved administration would be more preferable.
Choosing a Secretary for Northern Ireland
As part of the efforts to fully integrate Northern Ireland into the Union once more, the provisional government has looked to Scotland's historical place within the nation as an example to follow. As a result they have petitioned for the appointment of a Secretary of Northern Ireland to help properly manage the many affairs of the province, much akin to the role of the Secretary of Scotland and even somewhat to the position held historically by the Chief Secretary for Ireland. While ultimately the exact person in this role is likely to have little impact upon the wider nation, the creation of the role will primarily be an excellent symbolic gesture to show that the people of Northern Ireland are valued members of the Union.\n\nAfter consultation on the matter with the provisional government and relevant ministers, three choices for who to appoint to the position have become apparent. Chief among these is James Hamilton, Duke of Abercorn, who previously served as the Governor of Northern Ireland before the revolution and so may be fitting to reappoint to this similar role. William Leveson-Gower, the Earl Granville, is also seen as a potentially popular choice, having made somewhat of an impressive name for himself for his excellent work during the period of exile. Finally there is Maxwell Ward, Viscount Bangor, an Ulsterman with support from those who wish to see this position held by one of their own. The final decision is now on [GBR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to make.
The Duke of Abercorn is an excellent choice.
The Earl Granville seems most suited for the job.
Ward's an Ulsterman and a Viscount, who could be a better fit for the position?
Northern Ireland Constitution Act
\
Quis separabit?
Arms Shipment from the Exiles
This event should never fire for a player. If you see this, report it as a bug.
Understood.
Canadian Military Mission Arrives
This event should never fire for a player. If you see this, report it as a bug.
Understood.
The Northern Rising
As part of a takeover ironically reminiscent of the Easter Rising, the UVF have seized buildings across the six counties of Northern Ireland, most notably at Belfast City Hall where, in imitation of the Ulster Covenant of 1912, they have signed a document proclaiming independence from Dublin.
Ever since Aontas Náisiúnta first rose to power, tensions have been brewing between the [IRE.GetAdjective] government and the country's primarily Protestant loyalist population. Now with reports coming in from [119.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], it is clear that these tensions have finally boiled over into full blown revolt against [IRE.GetAdjective] rule.\n$northern_ireland_events.1690.d.mid$ Although yet to receive any official support from the British Exiles, their intentions to return to the Crown seem clear, provided their revolt is not crushed by [113.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Ever since the socialist seizure of power in Ireland, tensions have been brewing between the [IRE.GetAdjective] government and the country's primarily Protestant loyalist population. Now with reports coming in from [119.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], it is clear that these tensions have finally boiled over into full blown revolt against [IRE.GetAdjective] rule.\n$northern_ireland_events.1690.d.mid$ With the Entente's war against the Internationale waging on, Northern Ireland seems set to become the frontline for the Exile's attempted Homecoming, provided their revolt is not quickly crushed by socialist forces.
Would they prefer to die at the hands of syndicalists?
Brave, if foolish.
The last gasp of a dying empire.
Brave sons of Ulster, all.
Will Ireland ever be a nation at peace?
Namibia Focus Tree
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Revolutionaries)
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Revolutionaries)
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Revolutionaries)
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Moderates)
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Moderates)
Mandume Movement
Mandume Movement (Moderates)
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins (Ovamboland Faction)
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins
League of Kapteins
Eliaser Tuhadeleni
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1918, in Omatangela, German South West Africa§!
Theophilus Hamutumbangela
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1917, in Onghala, German South West Africa§!
Eino Johannes Kambonde Yanamene
§YBorn:§! §Lin German South West Africa§!
Hosea Kutako
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Okahurimehi, Ovaherero Territory§!
Namibia
Namibian
Namibia
Freedom of Speech
After a long period of complete colonial control, the Namibian people will have the right to speak their minds openly.
Promoting Immigration
With Namibia having one of the lowest population densities in the world, we have to expand our horizons. Inviting foreigners from beyond who are willing to commit to our culture much like the German settlers have benefited us.
Namibian Defence Corps
Now that we have finally achieved our independence, we must be sure to never lose it again. For an independent Namibia!
United and Ready
Now that we have finally achieved our independence, we must be sure to never lose it again. For an independent Namibia!
Calming the North
Syndicalist Liberation
The Syndicalist tides have managed to truly free Namibia from the chaos of German rule. The revolution in Africa begins!
First Namibian Syndicalist Congress
Like all traditional European and Syndicalist countries, we must hold the first-ever Namibian Syndicalist Convention. There are three main contenders to win: the RAP (Revolutionäre Arbeiterpartei), the SSP (Südwestafrikanische Syndikalistische Partei), and the SPI (Südwestafrikanische Partei der Internationale).
Cultural Assimilation
With the congress over, we must make sure that the many tribes within Namibia see each other all as Namibians rather than their own people group.
Integrating the German Settlers
The German settlers are a small minority within Namibia, preserving a distinct community even after the end of German rule. While integrated in many respects, their estates and holdings remain a legacy of the colonial administration and present challenges for local governance.
End Cultural Division
With our many preparations for a truly unified Namibia being put in place, we have made a place where the people who live here can truly call themselves 'Namibians'.
Industry for the People
With our reforms and policies being decided, we can finally focus on defending our people and country.
Calm the Ovambo
The Ovambo people to the north have been quite resistant to our rule, with multiple raids being carried out against our people. Giving the people to the north various rights and autonomy should help calm the situation.
Windhuk to Olukonda Railway
With the Ovambo calmed, we can work on increasing the connection between the north and south of our country by connecting the two major cities.
Expand the Swakopmund Airport
The airport in Swakopmund is the only airport and airway within Namibia and is vital for our connection with the outside world. Expanding it will ensure it remains valid for use into the future.
The Democratic Mandate
With the fall of the Mittelafrikan regime and the creation of a Namibian Republic, we can proceed into the future.
First Namibian Election
With our recent liberation, we can now hold the first Namibian elections.
Freedom of Speech
With the elections over, we must ensure that the rights of the people are improved compared to the old Mittelafrika regime. Increasing the liberties of speech could help the situation.
Promote Immigration
With the southern part of our country already being home to many Germans who have integrated well with our culture, we should extend our horizons and allow immigrants from other countries as well.
End the North-South Divide
Through our various efforts, we can put an end to the divide between the north and south of Namibia culturally and create a united Namibian identity.
The Namibian Miracle
With our country more united than ever before, we can put great efforts into our economy for our people.
Namibian Defence Corps
Our current military size is less than good and almost non-existent. With the assistance of our new ally, we can hope to create a self-reliant Namibian military.
Help from our Overlords
With the formation of the Namibian Defence Corps, we must try to make sure the army remains equipped through thick and thin.
Prepare for Conflict
With our troops supplied and ready, we can hope to take on the majority of oncoming threats to our country and people.
The Stern State
The liberation of our country has allowed a stronger state to be created under the mantle of our overlords.
Strengthen the State
With the new state established, we must strengthen it from within against any foreign threats. Silencing opposition within our country can be a start to that.
Silence the Opposition
With our opposition becoming more and more censored by the state every day, we can hope to stamp out the last flames of rebellion within our country.
Seizing German Settler Estates
We shall uproot the legacy of German colonial rule by taking control of estates and properties, redistributing or repurposing them to strengthen the national administration and economic development.
Close the Country
With our country being secured from within, we must close off our country from any foreign threats besides our overlord, to ensure the protection of the state.
The Windhuk Fortress
In the case of an invasion, we must be prepared to defend Windhuk to our last man. Creating the equivalent of a fortress there should ensure it will stand before any invader.
A United Namibia
With all the reforms held within the country, Namibia is now seen as a united entity ready to face off against foreign threats.
[GetYear] Syndicalist Convention
With the revolution finally being brought to Namibia, we must hold a convention like all formal Syndicalist countries. Three main parties have ended up being contenders. There is the Radical Socialist RAP, which is run by young revolutionaries who wanted to be free from Mittelafrika, the SSP which wanted to bring a revolution to the entirety of Mittelafrika, and the Internationale aligned SPI which believes a European Revolution is necessary before an African one. The victor turned out to be...
The Internationale aligned SPI.
The revolutionary SSP
The young ARP
The First Namibian Elections
With Namibia recently being liberated from German rule and put under a Democratic mandate, the conditions are right to host the First Namibian Elections. There are four main parties running: the Republikanische Partei which focuses on more rights for the native tribes in the area, the Otavi Minen und Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft which wants to build more railways within Namibia, the Südwestafrikanischer Nationalverein which argues for consolidation in the country and largely removing tribal rule, and the Südwestafrikanische Volksorganisation, an Ovambo based party which wants greater cooperation between tribes and an increase of Christian morals. All these parties have a chance of winning, but the party which came out on top is...
The Südwestafrikanische Volksorganisation
The Südwestafrikanische Nationalverein
The Otavi Minen und Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft Verwaltung
The native Republikanische Partei
[From.GetNameDefCap] Requests Guns
[From.GetNameDefCap] due to its small industry and population is trying to build up an army to defend itself in order to not inconvenience us. They request 2000 guns to build up this force, and promise to not bother us again after this.
Give them what they need
We have our own military to worry about
[From.GetAdjective] Supplies Arrive!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has been very generous and sent us what we desired! We have gotten a shipment of 2000 rifles, which is more than enough to build up our military.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has realised that defending their country takes priority over defending their autonomies. We'll have to rely on the local guards we raised earlier to defend our country.
We must thank [From.GetNameDef]!
That is a shame...
