Pact of Blood
Romania
Romanian
Romania
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
Romanian Socialist Republic
the Romanian Socialist Republic
PSR-FA
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Fractiunea Avangardista (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Avant-Garde Faction)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Avant-Garde faction is somewhat estranged even from the rest of the Syndicalist Party, owing to their disregard of consequences in the pursuit of a socialist Romania, even if it leads to an authoritarian regime. They are, however, the fringe of a fringe, and are highly unlikely to realise their vision any time soon.§!\n
PSR-CC
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Comitetul Central (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Central Committee)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Central Committee maintains extensive links with French and British political figures and thinkers, in the interest of emulating a model that has been proven to work, as Romania has done before.§!\n
PSR-FI
Partidul Sindicalist Român - Fractiunea Internationalista (Romanian Syndicalist Party - Internationalist Faction)\n§LOperating primarily as an underground movement, the Romanian Syndicalist Party seeks to follow the model of the French Communards, in line with the Romanian intelligentsia's long-term Francophilia. They seek the removal of reactionary forces, including the Monarchy and the Legion, but unlike in France, they have far more of an agrarian bend, owing to Romania's economic conditions.\n\nThe Internationalist Faction seeks extensive cooperation with not just the Western Syndicalists, but with socialists around the world, regardless of the exact way they implement their ideology.§!\n
PSDR
Partidul Social Democrat Român (Romanian Social Democratic Party)\n§LLeft-wing movements, influenced by Western socialists, have been a part of the Romanian political scene since the mid-late 19th century. The Romanian Social Democratic Party, founded in 1893, is one of the few left-wing parties that have escaped total suppression following the red scare brought on by the British Revolution of 1923.\n\nDespite this, they remain popular only amongst urban industrial workers, and are reviled as \
PŢ
Partidul Ţărănesc (Peasants' Party)\n§LA newcomer to the Romanian political scene, the Peasants' Party directly owes its existence to the Weltkrieg, as promises of sweeping land reforms were made by King Ferdinand to aid mobilisation, and as the war turned against Romania, universal suffrage was also promised.\n\nRomania's defeat in the Weltkrieg and the associated hardships faced by ordinary Romanians has enabled the PŢ to carve out a viable niche for itself in the immediate aftermath of the war. However, with bitterness widespread in the population, many voters who would otherwise have aligned with the Peasants' Party have flocked to the Legion instead.§!\n
PNL
Partidul Naţional-Liberal (National-Liberal Party)\n§LThe National-Liberals are the heirs to a political legacy stretching before the existence of Romania itself, representing the interests of the wealthy classes and the bourgeoisie. For most of its history, the party has been dominated by the Brătianu family and their scions, who have served as Prime Ministers in most National-Liberal governments.\n\nDespite their commitment to a protectionist flavour of capitalism and to the enfranchisement of the Romanian peasantry, they are a nationalist and irredentist party, tainted by the bloody suppression of the 1907 peasant revolt.§!\n
PC
Partidul Conservator (Conservative Party)\n§LFounded in 1880, the Conservative Party of Romania is a shell of its former self. Once one of the two main ruling parties, alongside the National-Liberals, it first started declining in the wake of the 1907 peasant revolt. Its traditionally landholding voter base was alienated with the concessions on land reform made in 1913, and the party was further split on the issue of joining the Weltkrieg.\n\nGiven the Legion's focus on championing the cause of peasants, the remnants of the Conservatives were the first to be targeted, first with rhetoric, then with legislation. It is highly unlikely the Conservatives will ever be a political force in Romania again.§!\n
GM
Guvernul Militar (Military Government)\n§LWhile lacking a history of significant politicisation, the relatively young Romanian Army's personnel possess varying loyalties. Despite this, they remain loyal to the civilian government, and are unlikely to seize power unless exceptional circumstances occur.§!\n
Camarila Regală
Camarila Regală (Royal Camarilla)\n§LOperating outside the traditional political framework, Carol's favourites, courtiers and spies serve as the King's unofficial counter to the Legionaries. Members of high society, who view the Legionaries as hooligans and upstarts, and their reforms as unnecessarily radical, find associating with the increasingly authoritarian Carol's circle of cronies far more palatable.§!\n
FRN
Frontul Renaşterii Naţionale (National Renaissance Front)\n§LWith the Legion removed as a political obstacle, and with other dissidents kept in check, King Carol has overseen the filling of the vacuum by a new, true political force. The FRN is a true mass party, espousing nationalistic, populistic and monarchistic rhetoric.\n\nThe Front, is in truth, little more than an \
Frontul Renaşterii Naţionale (National Renaissance Front)
LAM
Legiunea Arhanghelului Mihail (Legion of the Archangel Michael)\n§LThe Weltkrieg left Romania a horribly scarred nation, even though her soldiers fought valiantly, achieving victory after victory at Oituz, Mărăşti and Mărăşeşti. Claiming to carry the torch of this glory is the Legion of the Archangel Michael.\n\nLed by the \
PNŢ-S
Aripa de Stânga a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Left Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The left wing of the party emphasises the importance of allowing worker self-organisation, and seeks the creation of a welfare state.§!\n
PNŢ-C
Aripa de Centru a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Centre Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The centre of the party seeks an even-handed approach to urban-rural development, with an emphasis on decentralisation and upholding of social harmony.§!\n
PNŢ-D
Aripa de Dreapta a Partidului Naţional Ţărănesc (Right Wing of the National Peasant Party)\n§LFollowing the Great Union, the Romanian National Party of Transylvania merged with the Peasants' Party to give rise to the National Peasant Party, a powerful proponent for the interests of smallfarmers and the lower urban classes, and a credible alternative to the National-Liberals in a restored Romanian democratic system. The right wing of the party is strongly agrarian in nature, seeking a reinforcement of the land reform and a strengthening of the judicial branch.§!\n
Totul pentru Ţară (Everything for the Country)\n§LProvidence had a strange destiny in mind for the Legionaries. With the breakdown of order following the conflict between the King and Codreanu, the Legion sought to reimagine itself as a political party, instead of chasing a mythical destiny.\n\nWhile the more radical members of the movement have been either sidelined or killed, the rebranded Legionaries still propose a \
TpŢ
Malaxa
Universitatea din Bucureşti
Rafinaria Steaua Română
Fabrica de Arme Cugir
Societatea Concordia
UDR
Leonida
Industria Aeronautică Română
ICAR
Fabrica de Avioane SET
Şantierul Naval Constanţa
Coastal Defence Production
Mobile Tank Destroyers
Literary Figures
Great Game
The Great Game
[ROM_great_game_bop_desc]
The Legionary movement might hold all important government functions, but Carol II is still the king - and there are many who would prefer a strong monarch over the populist cult of Codreanu. We cannot yet risk open conflict with the Legionaries, but after our foreign enemies have been conquered, §Rall bets are off.§!
The Legionaries have achieved a strong position in the government, but the king looms over their heads, conspiring and waiting for a sign of weakness. We must not let him threaten our state. However, we cannot yet risk open conflict with the king, but after our foreign enemies have been conquered, §Rall bets are off.§!\n\n
King Carol II
Conducător Codreanu
$ROM_power_balance_carol_winning$
$ROM_power_balance_carol_losing$
Legion - Noisy Opposition
Legion - Hard-Pressed
Legion - Weakening Grasp
Legion - Strong Grip
Legion - Control of the Legislation
Legion - Total Control
Equilibrium of Power
King - Total Autocrat
King - Strong Autocrat
King - Autocratic
King - Weakening Grip
King - Diminishing Power
King - Weak Control
The Great Game
The King and the Captain are playing a Great Game, and at stake is everything - the future of all of Romania. For now, the pair is evenly matched in power, which makes every important decision a question of compromise.
Incomplete Land Reform
The Legionary Land Reform of 1934 never quite ended, but rather was put on hold due to pressure from the Monarchy. The Captain, however, has not given up on the idea.
Unionist Zeal
One of the few unifying threads between Carol II and Codreanu is the desire to bring the Romanian people under one single banner. Whether out of Pan-Romanianism or a desire for glory, Romanian politics, at least for the moment, is focused on this grand goal.
Unionist Zeal
One of the few unifying threads between Carol II and Codreanu is the desire to bring the Romanian people under one single banner. Whether out of Pan-Romanianism or a desire for glory, Romanian politics, at least for the moment, is focused on this grand goal.
Transylvanian Sabotage Campaign
Carpathian Recon
Serviciul Special de Informaţii
The Legionary Movement, already atypical amongst organisations of its kind, has taken the daring step of creating its own internal intelligence service.
German Economic Hegemony
According to the Treaty of Bucharest, large parts of Romanian industry and resources are under the control of German-Austrian corporations. The most important of these is the Oil-lands Leasehold Company Ltd, which operates the Ploiesti oil fields under German ownership. Additionally these corporations own a large part of the Romanian railway network, effectively dragging down the development of Romanian industry.\n\n§RThe Ploiesti Oil fields remain in German control.§!
Economic Crash
The effects of Black Monday in Germany has left our economy in ruins.
Economy in Recession
Even with Black Monday now behind us, the economy is feeling the effects of this economic downturn, leaving Romania in an economic recession.
Recovering Economy
The Romanian economy has begun to recover from the economic recession. However, we still have a long way to go!
German Trade Sanctions
The German government has placed sanctions on Romania, Severely limiting our trade with them.
Integration of Transylvania
While we now control all of Transylvania, it will take some time to be integrated into the Romanian state.
The Great Union
After centuries of disunity, the Romanian people have been brought together under one nation and one flag!
Agency of Public Works
Under the Captain's command, a system of public works have begun across the nation.
Obligatory Labour Camps
Thousands of selfless Romanians are putting themselves at work for the economic growth of the Fatherland!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Captain has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Old Fighter has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Commander has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Like Sun in the Sky
The victory of the Green Prince has been secured. The entire Romanian people put their faith in him and would rather die than give up one inch of Romanian soil!
Increasingly Diverse Agriculture
Mechanising Our Agriculture
Mechanising Our Agriculture
Rural Infrastructure Projects
Rural Infrastructure Projects
Mechanisation of Agriculture
Mechanisation of Agriculture
Rural Infrastructure
Rural Infrastructure
Strength from the Land
Great, unequal estates have been broken up. The countryside is developing and prosperous, and the most important of all, loyal to the idea of Romania and the Captain that keeps it safe.
Codreanu's Land Reform
The land has been shared fairly to the peasants who cultivate it, and the countryside prospers.
Completed Land Reform
The most pressing issues of Romanian agriculture and industry have been fixed, even though neither Codreanu or the king can claim to have achieved their vision.
The King's Land Reform
The unrest in the countryside has been fixed through compromises with the landowners, and the king has directed great funds towards rapid industrial development.
Romania of the Future
The king has truly modernised Romanian agrarian infrastructure and along with it the land ownership situation, leading to a much more efficient economy. Even though he did not fulfil the original promises of equal land share, the booming exports economy has greatly helped the plight of many.
Dive Bombing Aces
Dogfighting Aces
Control of the Danube
Expanded Danube Infrastructure
Carpathian Hunters
Fortification Works
No Stepping Back!
Strike Like Lightning
Strike Like Lightning
Legionary Worker Corps
Legionary Worker Corps
Expanded Legionary Worker Corps
Echipa Mortii
Death, only a Legionnaire's death\nIs our dearest wedding of weddings,\nFor the Holy Cross, for the country\nWe defeat forests and conquer mountains;\nNo prison can frighten us,\nNor any torture, or enemy storm;\nIf we all fall, hit in the forehead,\nDeath for the Captain is dear to us!
Cross Brotherhoods
Sentinels of the Fatherland
Camarilla
Camarilla
Camarilla
Royal Philanthropy
Crown Patronage
The King Who Watches Over Us
Calls for Democracy
The Legionaries have been ousted from power, and many of the old establishment politicians are now looking for the triumphant King to re-establish elections and return to pre-Codreanu government.
Rebuilding the Democracy
Despite Romania's new path towards free elections and fair parliament, the administration is marred by the decade of dictatorship. Corruption and political violence are still commonplace, and many have little faith in the party system.
Through Us Ourselves
Orderly Constitution
Open Doors Policy
Rural Cooperative Banks
Limited Dirigism
The Peasant State
Maniu's Peasant Constitution
Madgearu's Peasant Constitution
Vaida-Voevod's Peasant Constitution
The Peasant Constitution
Defanging the Legionaries
New Legionary Image
Peace Between Legion and King
Numerus Valachichus
Legionary Cooperatives
Green-Tinted Democracy
Iron Guard Interventions
National Brotherhood
National Brotherhood
National Brotherhood
National-Legionary State
Warrior Cult
Strikes
Brătianu Family Connections
Treaty of Suceava
§GTotal Autocrat§!
§GStrong Autocrat§!
§GAutocratic§!
§YEquilibrium of Power§!
§YWeakening Grip§!
§RDiminishing Power§!
§RWeak Control§!
§GTotal Control§!
§GControl of the Legislation§!
§GStrong Grip§!
§YEquilibrium of Power§!
§YWeakening Grasp§!
§RHard-Pressed§!
§RNoisy Opposition§!
Trade Relations with nations in the Reichspakt will §Rcollapse§!.
Has taken the King's side in the Great Game.
Has taken the Captain's side in the Great Game.
Requires at least §RHard-Pressed§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §YEquilibrium of Power§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §YEquilibrium of Power§! for the king.
Requires at least §GStrong Grip§! for the Legionaries.
Requires at least §GAutocratic§! for the king.
The rewards of this branch will cancel should the King lose his game.
The rewards of this branch will cancel should the Captain lose his game.
§CThe last National Spirit of this section of the tree will give you a unique National Spirit depending on your choices. By starting with King Carol's programme, your final focus will move closer to his vision of an urban and advanced Romania.§!\n
§CThe last National Spirit of this section of the tree will give you a unique National Spirit depending on your choices. By starting with Codreanu's reform, your final focus will move closer to his vision of a strong and agricultural Romania.§!\n
Move towards §HCodreanu's economic policy§!.\n
Move greatly towards §HCodreanu's economic policy§!.
Move towards §HKing Carol's economic policy§!.\n
Move greatly towards §HKing Carol's economic policy§!.\n
§CYou will get a National Spirit depending on your previous economic choices. Codreanu's reform will grant you strong manpower base and stability, while Carol's vision is focused on industry and technological advancement.§!\n
Finding New Markets
§GWe will seek new markets away from the German domination.§!\nThis will eventually remove the effects of the Black Monday.
Trade Negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Trade Deal with the Russians
Trade Deal with the Entente
Trade Deal with the Greeks
Trade Deal with the Serbians
Is negotiating any trade deal
Foreign Relations
Join the Entente
We will seek closer relations with our old allies.
Leave the Belgrade Pact
Now that we have regained our ancestral lands, and bested our common foes, some are questioning our continued military alliance with our Balkan neighbours. Should we continue this formal alliance, lest we be dragged into some further conflict our current allies might find themselves part of, or our interests best kept staying close to those nearest to us?
Leave the [FROM.GetFactionName]
Now that we have regained our ancestral lands, and bested our common foes, some are questioning our continued military alliance. Should we continue this formal alliance, lest we be dragged into some further conflict our current allies might find themselves part of, or our interests best kept staying close to those nearest to us?
You will play from the persepective of the Legionary movement. Your $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$ will be tied to $national_populist_coloured$ popularity.\n
You will play from the perspective of King Carol II. Your $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$ will be tied to $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity.\n
$unlocks_decisions$ to §HSupport Separatists in Transylvania.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand Transylvania.§!\n
By extending §GLegionary Movement§! beyond the Carpathians the Iron Guard will grow in strength should we achieve the reunification.
Mapping out the border defences will strengthen our initial attack.
§RAll of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§OA large part of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§YA sizeable part of Transylvania will rise with us.§!
§gThere is little support for the rebellion in Transylvania.§!
§gThere is no support for an armed rebellion in Transylvania.§!
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand Bucovina§!.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecision§! to §HDemand West Banat§!.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HCore Transylvania§! and §HJoin Factions§!.
Romania was defeated by Bulgaria in the Fourth Balkan War
Legionary Romania
Legionary Romania
Legionary
§HVirgil Madgearu§! and the §Sleft-wing§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
§HIuliu Maniu§! and the §lcentre§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
§HAlexandru Vaida-Voevod§! and the §cright-wing§! will lead the §HNational Peasants' Party§!.\n
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_soccon$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_soclib$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
Replace §H$ROM_peasant_state_idea$§! and §H$ROM_dirigism$§! with §H$ROM_peasant_constitution_socdem$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+20.00%§!
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Virgil Madgearu stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong progressive campaign, Madgearu is pushing for further reforms and the improvement of living conditions in rural areas as claimed representatives of the peasantry.
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Iuliu Maniu stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong centrist campaign, Maniu hopes to achieve a wide base of support in parliament through compromise in order to push for moderate reforms and the improvement of living conditions in rural areas.
The National Peasants' Party (PNŢ) under Alexandru Vaida-Voevod stands firm as the principal alternative to the PNL. Leading a strong conservative campaign, Vaida-Voevod is pushing for economic reforms and political stability in order to improve the living conditions in rural areas, which the PNŢ claims to represent.
There is little unity among Romanian democrats outside of the PNL. The Peasants' Party, while influential in Moldavia, remains marginalised where the National Liberals remain dominant. On the left, the Romanian Social-Democratic Party remains unable to make headway outside of the urban workers, while radicals are largely irrelevant.
There is little unity among Romanian democrats outside of the PNL. The Peasants' Party, while influential in Moldavia, remains marginalised where the National Liberals remain dominant. In Transylvania, the Romanian National Party is solidly in control. The two parties have been unable to form a coherent coalition to oppose the PNL. On the left, the Romanian Social-Democratic Party remains unable to make headway outside of the urban workers, while radicals are largely irrelevant.
£command_power §H80§! £support_texticon  §H30§!
£command_power §R80§! £support_texticon  §R30§!
It costs $CP_80_support_30_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £support_texticon  §H30§!
£pol_power §R30§! £support_texticon  §R30§!
It costs $PP_30_support_30_blocked$ to take the decision
£command_power §H80§! £pol_power §H50§!
£command_power §R80§! £pol_power §R50§!
It costs $CP_80_PP_50_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H25§! £command_power §H100§!
£pol_power §R25§! £command_power §R100§!
It costs $PP_25_CP_100_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R30§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_30_infantry_equipment_500_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H30§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R30§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_30_infantry_equipment_250_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H50§! £rifle_texticon §H500§!
£pol_power §R50§! £rifle_texticon §R500§!
It costs $PP_50_infantry_equipment_500_blocked$ to take the decision
£pol_power §H10§! £support_texticon  §H40§! £rifle_texticon §H250§!
£pol_power §R10§! £support_texticon  §R40§! £rifle_texticon §R250§!
It costs $PP_10_support_40_infantry_equipment_250_blocked$ to take the decision
Transylvanian Resistance
Transylvanian Collaboration
We will start organising an open revolt in Transylvania to support our invasion.
§HTransylvania§!:
Active Insurgency: $VALUE|=-%0$
Arrange Public Appearances
Appearances can be everything to our rural population, and by showing them the splendour of His Majesty the king we can increase our support amongst this vital segment of our population.
Recruit Monarchist Conspirators
We will need loyal men if we are to take down the Green Hydra, and through proper channels of communication, we will find them and bring them to our side.
High-Society Contacts
As popular as Codreanu's men can seem, the King is in possession of a vast array of contacts in high society as well; industrialists, aspiring magnates, non-sympathising nobles and the remnants of the former Conservative Party, de facto headed by the powerful Constantin Argetoianu. By discreetly pulling a few strings and shifting high-society discourse ever more in our illustrious monarch's favour, we can undermine their support from above, ultimately leading to an erosion of their base below.
Sow Discontent Among Legionaries
While a daunting movement at a glance, the Legionaries are not immune to factionalism; and royal informants show that the internal divisions among the Legionaries may be deeper than we thought. A few overtures here and there and that pesky Codreanu will be too busy handling his own men to challenge us.
Newspaper Propaganda
The written word is a weapon of the highest calibre, and both the king and his green-clad rivals acknowledge this fact. By increasing our loyal media's reach and setting up new magazines and newspapers, we will make sure our word reaches more people than the Legionaries'.
Fund Maglavit Monastery
Ever since the 1935 divine apparition, Maglavit has become a popular pilgrimage site amongst the Romanians. By tapping into this influx of faith, we can increase our standing amongst the faithful.
Compromise with the Guard
Sometimes it does make the nation more stable if we compromise and give some power to the opposition.
Infiltrate the Royal Court
As much as we respect the institution of the monarchy, the current monarch gives us cause for concern. He thinks himself safe behind his palace's walls... well, we will just have to make sure that no word said there escapes our watch.
Harass Political Enemies
While we have taken a great step forward towards the Great Legionary Victory, our enemies still lie in wait, darkening the Romanian people's minds with their poison-coated whispers. This cannot be allowed to stand.
Pass Populist Policies
The king speaks; we act. We must act in accordance with our Captain's words, and show the populace of Romania that we are indeed doing all we can to better their lot.
Hold Legionary Rally
While we have bypassed the early phase of our struggle, we must remain vigilant, for enemies still lie in wait. A show of force and unity will not only awe the people of Romania, but it will also show that we truly fight as one soul.
Quest for Greater Romania
Ever since Michael the Great established his kingdom, our holy task has been clear: a Romanian union on both slopes of the Carpathians. An union with the plains of Bucovina, where Stephen the Great has slept for centuries. In our moral energy and our valour lie the means of giving him back his birthright of a great and free Romania from the Tisa to the Black Sea, and to prosper in peace in accordance with our customs and our hopes and dreams.\n[ROM_revolt_strength_desc]
Factions of the Legion
The Legion is hardly a unitary movement. Even though each and everyone only seeks greatness for all Romanians, many disagree on the exact methods and on the question of leadership. Corneliu Codreanu has solidified his position as a clear leading personality among the movement...\n\n... but his position will not be an eternal one, and his grip of the movement requires constant reaffirming. Codreanu's hold of the movement is [ROM_IG_CZC_influence].\n§GCodreanu's Grip:§! [?ROM_IG_CZC]\n§YOld Guard of the Legion:§! [?ROM_IG_OG]\n§CLegionary Worker Corps:§! [?ROM_IG_CML]\n§RThe Radical Wing:§! [?ROM_IG_CNTZ]\n
§GUncontested§!
§RContested§!
Rein in the Legion
The Captain's grip is easily tightened by careful side-lining of those who differ from the party line while promoting Codreanu's loyalists to important roles.
Work with the Old Guard
Favour the Legionary Worker Corps
Seek Support of the Radicals
The assassins were punished on regicide charges.
§RThe radical faction will not like this.§!
Cooperating with the Old Guard
Cooperating with Legionary Worker Corps
Cooperating with the Radicals
§GCodreanu§! has the most influence.
§GOld Guard§! has the most influence.
§GLegionary Worker Corps§! has the most influence.
§GThe Radicals§! has the most influence.
Legion Without Purpose
We have achieved Greater Romania under the command of our beloved Captain, but without common goal the Legionary movement can hardly stay united with the sheer cult of personality alone. Codreanu, having achieved victory over his external enemies, is now challenged by his own. Will he compromise within the Guard and share power, or seek to mould the Legion once more into his image?
Disappointed in their Captain's dismissive attitude towards varying factions within the Legion, §Rmany members have left§! Codreanu's chapters to found their own sister organisations outside LAM control.
Legion is stabilised.
Under Mota's guidance Transylvanian §Gagriculture§! will be improved, but he will no matter what §Rgrow his own powerbase§! there.
Under Sima's guidance Transylvanian §Bindustry§! will be improved, but he will no matter what §Rgrow his own powerbase§! there.
Cantacuzino and his supporters will §Rgreatly increase§! their power.
Codreanu has centralised his rule.
§GThis bonus will change depending on who wins the Legionary power struggle.§!
Integration of Transylvanian Chapters
Transylvanian Chapters Integrated
$ROM_Mota_TRS_guard_modifier$
Expansion of Legionary Intelligence
Organisation of the Legionary Police
Restrict Party Membership
Legionary Public Works
Tour the Chapters
Centralise Power
Appoint Mota
Appoint Sima
Appoint Cantacuzino
Codreanu §Gtightens§! his grip over the Legion. The strongest faction will §Rlose§! strength.
The Old Guard §Rgains§! power.
The Old Guard §Rgreatly gains§! power.
Legionary Worker Corps §Rgain§! power.
Legionary Worker Corps §Rgreatly gain§! power.
The Radicals §Rgain§! power.
The Radicals §Rgreatly gain§! power.
Codreanu's grip over the Legion §Rweakens.§!
Compromising §Greduces§! their power.
The Saviour of Romania
King Carol II has led Romania to greatness and prosperity, and has undisputable control over the nation. However, his ambition knows no bounds, as it is his God-given duty to lead all the Romanians into new Golden Age of Prosperity and Peace... and perhaps enjoy well-deserved fruits of his work, too.
Public Works Programmes
Organise Prestigious Military Parade
Fund the Royal Academy
Fund Radio Romania
Royal Holiday in Nice
Royal Holiday in Estoril
Royal Holiday in Rio de Janeiro
Transylvanian Ultimatum
Fund Separatist Cells
Spread Anti-[ROM_propaganda_decision_target] Propaganda
Organise Transylvanian Iron Guard
Carpathian Recon Operation
Our experienced mountain troops can cross the border beforehand to map the Carpathian pathways with the supportive locals. This will greatly aid our invasion after it starts.
Arm the Separatist Cells
Secret Military Mission
Sabotage Railways
Harass Garrisons
Strike the Airfields
Organise the Uprising
Secure Transylvania
Has started or completed decision £decision_icon_small §H$ROM_smuggle_arms$§!
Integration of [From.GetName]
The Romanian lands across the Carpathian have been separated from the motherland for so long that its integration proved to be a serious challenge to our bureaucracy and administration. Finally, [From.GetName] is ready to be fully integrated into the Greater Romanian state, with new counties and electoral districts to be created.
Pacification of [789.GetName]
The Hungarian-majority region in Eastern Transylvania will be difficult to integrate into Greater Romania, for they are openly hostile to it. Nevertheless, the Army and Gendarmerie will make sure to maintain order and ensure that land reform can be properly enacted (prioritising local Romanians, of course). They will soon understand that all of Transylvania is to remain Romanian regardless of their hostility.
Integration of [789.GetName]
Integrating the Hungarian-majority region of Transylvania has not been an easy task. Our success so far can be attributed to its isolation from Hungary-proper, largely surrounded by loyal Romanians. Nevertheless, the next step is to take advantage of socio-economic and cultural divisions between Hungarian nobles and Szeklers while supporting those willing to cooperate with our government.
Together, Now And Forever
Because the Romanian lands across the Carpathians have been under foreign domination for so long, integrating them will be a significant task, for their economies are geared towards their old oppressors. Trade and administrative relations must be shifted towards Bucharest and for the benefit of the ethnic Romanians of the region, not foreigners and their bloated feudal estates.
The Mehedinti Commission
Connect the Railways
Transylvania's railways were under the Hungarian government's railway corporation until we liberated it from them. Now, those railway lines and administrative centres must be reorganised and integrated into CFR, Romania's own railway authority.
Rosia Montana Mining
Rosia Montana has been home to large-scale mining operations for centuries. With the Austro-Hungarian authorities gone, we can reorganise and expand these operations to the benefits of our state and the Romanian miners in the area.
Additional Prospecting
With further investments, the riches hidden in the Carpathians can be revealed to support the industrialisation of Romania and the expansion of the national economy.
Reorganise Resita Steelworks
The Resita Works are significant producers of steel in the newly liberated regions. Until now, they were owned by an Austrian firm, and will be reorganised into a properly Romanian firm, the Uzinele de Fier si Domeniile Resita (UDR).
Undo Foreign Influence
For centuries, the Romanians of Transylvania have been under foreign rule and their influence remain deeply entrenched. Their remnants must be swept away and replaced, for Transylvania must reflect its role as a heartland of Romanian culture.
Land for Romanians
With Transylvania ours, it is only natural that we apply the land reform bill there. This will greatly empower formerly-oppressed local Romanians and dispossess the foreign Magyar nobility, allowing the former to take their rightful place in the region's economy and administration and dismantling the latter's iron grip on the region.
Monetary Union
Transylvania's economy has been under foreign control for centuries, with the Austro-Hungarian krone being the currency used. Replacing the Krone with the Leu seems easy on paper, but it will be a long and destabilising process to actually achieve. Nevertheless, it is an important step to shift Transylvania's economy towards Bucharest.
Together, Now and Forever
This day will become known as the Great Union Day where the old principalities of Wallachia, Moldavia, and Transylvania are finally reunited. Unlike Michael the Brave's union, this one will be permanent, and the Romanian people will finally be Together, Now and Forever.
Promised Land Reform
Even if the King is lukewarm towards it, Land Reform has been promised and it is about time to deliver. Even if it ends up differently than Codreanu intends, land reform must be properly enacted for the good of Romania's peasants and the future of the nation.
Promised Land Reform
Land reform has been the cornerstone of Codreanu's policy, but has had to overcome numerous obstacles to even be enacted. Now, however, people are growing impatient of promises and few results, and it is about time for us to deliver proper, noticeable results to show our government's great efforts.
Demand West Banat
There is a sizeable Romanian minority living in the Western Banat, one we should protect at all costs.
Demand Bucovina
The Bucovina region is a rightful part of our realm, with many of its inhabitants longing for reunification like their Transylvanian brothers did before them.
Pact of Organisation
As part of our desire to deepen ties with our allies and to improve the economic situation of the entire Balkan region, we can propose the formation of an economic union. An Economic Council will be formed to direct it, consisting of trade and financial experts from its member states, which will advise the Belgrade Pact's leaders. The more members agree, the stronger the benefits will be.
Deepen Economic Ties
Thus far, the economic union is proving to be very beneficial for all its members, and we are in a position to improve it further by enacting new policies suggested by the Economic Council.
Negotiate with Russia
Negotiate with Germany
Rebuilding the Democratic Nation
These past years have been grim for Romanian democracy, and many government institutions are marred by authoritarian policies of Codreanu and Carol II. There is a lot to do to ensure that the Romania we build now will be able to keep its democracy and eather the future storms of authoritarianism and radicalism.
Reorganisation of the Gendarmerie
Romanian law enforcement system has for long time been a stronghold of the supporters of the authoritarian regime. To ensure that the new liberties will be respected, we need to completely overhaul the system.
Reform the Educational System
A generation of Romanian youth has grown up under the warping influence of both Codreanu's radicalism and Carol's autocracy. If our democracy is to succeed, we need to reform the education system and wash away the cult of personality.
Administrative Decentralisation
Lift the Censorship
Agrarian Debt Forgiveness
Restructuring the Administration
Law on Simple Majorities
Organise State Enterprises
The Electoral Reform
Regulation of the Industrial Syndicates
Promote Indigenous Capital
Romanian Focus Tree
Manoeuvres in the Carpathians
The Carpathian Mountains split the Romanian people in two; half living within our nation, and the other under the oppressive boot of Hungarian rule. Article XI of the Treaty of Bucharest further ceded the passes and surrounding strategic territory to Austria-Hungary, but we know one day these lands will be reclaimed. Large-scale manoeuvres on the border will demonstrate our commitment to our co-ethnics.
The Code of Honour
Less of a party and more of a chivalric organisation, we act according to a code of honour, given to us by our Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. In these trying times, adherence to it must be stricter than ever, considering our enemies have not disappeared, but have simply hidden themselves in the shadows.
Cuiburi Chapters
The Iron Guard is organised in chapters called cuiburi, or \
Deeds, Not Words
Flowery speeches and demagoguery have characterised Romanian politicians in the past... until we stepped in to finally clamp down on this rampant decadence. All their speeches have barely materialised into policies that actually helped anyone; we shall act first, then talk.
Empower the Legionary Worker Corps
Drawn from the Legionary-leaning industrial workers of Romania, the Legionary Worker Corps is an as-of-yet untapped wellspring of support and power, and one with tremendous potential to boot. By expanding its reach and its power, we will be able to project our power across even more strata of Romanian society.
Ethos of Legionary Labour
While our Captain works tirelessly to imbue our values into our new recruits, our leadership has noticed that we still have relapse cases. As the Romania of tomorrow cannot be reached by laziness, we will make sure to impart our ethos of labour by expanding our internal work camp and recreation camp system. With hardened iron chests and the souls of lilies, we shall build the Romania of tomorrow.
Intellectuals and the Green Banner
While many intellectuals like Ionescu, Acterian and Polihroniade have already chosen to stand besides the Legionary Movement, many still choose to rally around the king or around the old parties and their supporters. Our efforts to attract more young minds to our cause must increase, and the older, established intellectuals must also be swayed to our cause.
Militarise Cross Brotherhoods
The Cross Brotherhoods are our junior wing, responsible for instilling values and preparing the youth of Romania for later service within our ranks; the squires to our knights. And, like the squires of old, we have to swallow our pride and start familiarising them with the concepts of struggle, for war is looming on the horizon and every citizen of Romania must be ready to defend his homeland.
Lay the Seeds for the Camarilla
With most of the other political forces in this country having been sidelined, the sole obstacle left in the king's way towards complete Royal control is the Legionary Movement itself. Powerful they may seem, but the king is crafty, and with his acumen for political intrigue, we may successfully put aside our green-coated sledgehammers.
Royal Foundation of Arts and Sciences
The Romanian nation has no shortage of bright minds, and in his wisdom, the king recognises that many of these minds just need an extra ounce of support to achieve their potential. By establishing the Royal Foundation of Arts and Sciences, we will not only gain a reputation as patrons of arts and knowledge, but also increase royal support amongst the ranks of the intelligentsia.
Appear Alongside Codreanu
The so-called Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, may not seem that powerful at a glance but he still represents the hope for national unification in the eyes of many. However many of these same people can also look upon the king as having such a role, and just as the sky cannot harbour two suns, so shall the king upstage his former pawn.
Study the Legionaries
While these Legionary hooligans tend to irk the king more and more through their attempts at side-lining him and ruling alone, one cannot deny that their methods are quite useful. If our King is to take his rightful place as the Fatherland's favourite son, we have to take at least a few pages from their play-book for our own ends.
Rural Outreach
The Romanian nation has a profoundly rural character, making the peasantry the nation's basic building block. Unfortunately, they can be too preoccupied with their local surroundings to pay attention to what truly matters. By well-placed visits and rural development programmes, the peasantry will be swayed towards His Majesty's figure, and they shall rally around their King like the planets around the Sun.
Support Dimitrie Gusti
The pre-eminent professor and sociologist Dimitrie Gusti has been carrying out important anthropological work among rural communities while showing some sympathy for the king. We will give Professor Gusti as much money as he needs to carry out his research, and begin a large-scale cultural programme to win over the peasantry. Our reign shall shine as brightly as the Sun!
Sentinels of the Fatherland
Ever-understanding of the youth's role as the future of the country, the king has decided to set up a youth organisation so as to more properly prepare them for adulthood and teach them the values and virtues of our great Nation. These sentinels shall live by their creed: faith in God, faith in the king, faith in labour and sacrifice, and faith in the Sentinels as the liaison of unity of the nation and its people.
Everything for the Country
The Romanian phrase Totul pentru Ţară, literally \
Across the Carpathians
Our war plans from over twenty years ago, while sound in theory, got hampered in practice by numerous factors. We will further refine them to be even more resistant in the face of enemy fire, so that when the time comes, we will successfully make the daring leap across the mountains and liberate our kin.
Transylvania or War
Our preparations have led us to this moment, and our kin are crying out for us; the time has come to finally demand that which belongs to us, and crush the unfair boundary that divides brother from brother! And even if our neighbour dares say no, we have prepared accordingly.
Renew Pride
At long last, the shame of the defeat in the first World War has been avenged! Not only have we successfully cast off the treaty yoke, but we have also successfully reunited our kin beneath our banner! Let all Romanians rejoice, for their finest hour has come!
Natural Borders
The Entente has promised us land all the way to the Tisa back in 1916, but considering the Partium's relatively low Romanian population, we are considering leaving that be and instead call upon an old French connection to draw a border in the West. However, some voices clamour for the establishment of a Romania from the Dniester to the Tisa, claiming that if not now, we will never have this chance.
Old Entente Ties
In 1916, Romania joined the Entente powers at the height of Russian victories against the Central Powers. While we were defeated, the remnants of the Entente have persisted through capitulations and revolutions. Now that Romania is free and independent once more, we are naturally gravitating towards our former allies, and we should formally request to rejoin them in their noble endeavour.
The Future Direction
Our quest is two-fold: finishing the dream of Greater Romania and ensuring safe, thriving neighbourhood for us. We should ensure that our friends in the region remain so in order to create a stable order for Romania to thrive in.
Nationalisation of Foreign Assets
The Treaty of Bucharest put significant economic assets under the joint control of Romania and the former Central Powers or directly in foreign hands. Black Monday has, however, ruined German economic hegemony and many of their assets in Romania are filing for bankruptcy. Now is the time to put them back in the hands of the state and its people to retake control of our own economy.
Organise Relief Work
The economic crash was one of the last things we needed at the present moment, but fortunately we have been blessed with fertile soil. It may impact us for a while, but we can withhold some of the grain that was to be exported to make sure our people do not starve.
Safeguard the Banking Sector
Allowing the credit sector to crumble would only lead to a worse economic crisis, as the farmers would be unable to get their money back or pay back their loans, and businesses would fare even worse; the banking sector must be kept afloat so we can have a reserve of money for future projects.
Seeking New Markets
While the German economic sphere is in ruins there are not many options available for trade deals, but both the Russian and the Entente governments have signalled us of their interest in buying Romanian oil and agricultural products to alleviate their own shortages. This is surely a beautiful start of new friendship.
Continue Legionary Reform
Codreanu's ambitious land reform was stopped by opposition from the king and the wealthy landowners, who prefer the unequal status quo. We must break up the great estates and redistribute the land for all instead of just the small, aristocratic elite - no matter how much bad blood it is going to create among them.
Compromise with the Landholders
Redistribution of land cannot be done without an agreement with the land-owning aristocracy. Perhaps we can find a compromise with the great estates, one which satisfies both the landowners and the small farmers.
Loans for Small Farmers
As the Legion considers the peasant to be central to the Romanian nation, it is only natural that we truly reflect our beliefs by supporting small farmers economically. Loans in rural areas, which make up the majority of the country, should be affordable in order to help grow the economy and improve conditions.
Export More Than Grain
In order for the Romanian economy to thrive in a world of markets, diversification is the best way to create a solid national economic foundation. This will ensure that Romania's economy is no longer at the mercy of the grain market and its fluctuating prices.
Mechanised Farming
Mechanisation will exponentially improve the productivity of Romanian farms, which will undoubtedly improve the state of the rural economy. At the same time, it will improve the livelihood of the majority of Romanians and ensure an abundance in food.
Connecting the Countryside
Not only are rural regions are largely disconnected from urban areas, but they are also disconnected from other rural regions. Connecting the country will bring the people closer together, but this will require significant investment in infrastructure and construction in general. These investments, however, will also drive the economy forwards by creating numerous jobs.
Diverse Agriculture
Romania remains heavily agrarian and will likely remain as such for the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, this does not mean that farmers should depend on a single crop; Romanian farmers must grow diversely to keep the soil and national economy healthy.
Urban-Rural Community
It is no secret that Romania suffers from a heavy rural-urban divide. As the country becomes more and more interconnected, with fewer peasants and workers having never met one another, this divide is slowly healing. Further efforts should be spent on bringing people of different regions and backgrounds closer, as Romanians form one indivisible nation.
Focus on Quality
Romania will likely never see a developed industrial base comparable to the other great industrial nations of the world. However, instead of focusing on quantity, Romanians should focus on the quality of its limited capabilities in order to secure its own little niche in a large world.
Exploit the Rivers
Romania's many rivers provide endless opportunities for growth and development from improved transportation and hydroelectricity. While this will require significant investment from the state, the long-term benefits will be immense.
Restore the Grazing Lands
Pasturage for animals are crucial for a healthy agrarian economy and a significant portion of Romania's graze-lands have been lost to industrialisation and large estates over the years. The Captain wishes to help restore it in order to improve the country's economic viability seeing that it will heavily affect the peasantry.
Foster Romanian Industry
Romania will only become a modern country when its industry is developed to a level equivalent of other Western nations of its size. The king wants to subsidise industry even more to achieve this end in order to create an industry worthy of the nation.
Prosperity for All
For too long, the average Romanian has seen little to no improvement to their condition despite its wealth and growth. With the reforms taking shape, more and more Romanians will be affected by economic development and growth. In the future, the whole nation, not just the wealthy landowners and plutocrats, will actually feel Romania's growing prosperity and become a beacon for other nations to follow.
Industrial Development
There is more to industrialisation than building more factories. Equipment and tools have to be bought, made, or modernised to improve efficiency. Therefore, we must invest in new industrial technologies in a world of constant development and invention in order for Romanian industry to stay competitive and worthwhile.
MALAXA
Nicolae Malaxa is perhaps the most successful Romanian industrialist and certainly one of the wealthiest and well-connected. By supporting his endeavour with the MALAXA company, we will certainly be rewarded with financial and industrial support, which could prove critical in further developing Romania's economy.
Refine the Refineries
The Ploiesti oil fields are known to be some of the most plentiful in Europe. However, the current refineries remain only a fraction of its potential. With some support from the state, we can further expand our oil industry and reap its rewards.
Assess the Military
Since the Iron Guard took power, we already violated the Treaty of Bucharest by introducing army conscription. We need to further expand the army, to ensure a victory in future conflicts.
Weapon Contracts
If Romania is to succeed in future conflict, we need to make sure our industry is up to the task of producing enough equipment for our army.
Legacy of Berthelot
Henri Berthelot headed the French military mission in Romania during the Weltkrieg. It was largely thanks to his efforts that we were able to rebuild our forces after the 1916 debacle and achieve several victories against a combined Central Powers offensive. As such, his legacy has been enduring among our officers, with many wanting to rebuild the Romanian Army as he had in 1917.
The Carpathian Fortresses
It is no secret that we will be fighting in the Carpathians once again soon. The great chain of mountains greatly favours the defenders, and while Austria-Hungary controls the passes, we must be ready to meet their attacks head-on. Fortifications will ensure that any attack will pay a serious price and allow us to counter-attack effectively.
Expand the Fortifications
The current line of fortifications is completely inadequate; Moldavia remains poorly defended. The line must be extended to cover the northern passes before we can improve the existing strong points.
Shells, Not Men
We have a severe manpower disadvantage against our likely enemies, making Romanian lives even more valuable. Materiel losses, meanwhile, are far easier to replace. As such, we must stockpile more and more weapons and ammunitions to ensures that our artillery can properly shield our irreplaceable infantry.
Lessons of Marasti and Marasesti
The war against the Central Powers are riddled with Romanian tactical victories despite our enemies' strategic victory. The Battles of Marasti and Marasesti are the greatest example of Romanian skill and bravery in the face of overwhelming odds. We must learn what made these victories so great and what made the campaign a failure before we fight them again.
Bleed Our Enemies Dry
Let them come to us across the treacherous mountain passes. We will greet them with lead and steel from our guns. We will bleed them dry before they can take even a single Romanian life. This time, they will be the one to foot the bill for this war for national unification.
Spirit of Aggression
We will never be able to liberate Romanians across the Carpathians by sitting behind them, hunkered down in bunkers. We must succeed where we failed in 1916 and take the fight to our enemies, or else we will be sitting ducks against our enemies' manoeuvres.
Romanian Armour Development
Romania's oil industry puts us in a great position to motorise and mechanise our army. Tanks have shown to be a fearsome weapon that cannot be underestimated, bringing firepower to the front and behind the lines without having to wait for heavy guns to crawl into forward positions.
Establish Electronic Intelligence
In future offensives, proper intelligence and communications will give us a much-needed advantage over our enemies, giving our troops the information they need and allowing them to coordinate more easily.
Modern Calarasi
Calarasi are Romanian cavalrymen that have been around since the early days of the Romanian principalities. With our focus on mobility, it has become imperative that we modernise our cavalry into a modern force with trucks, tanks, and cars as the horseman's value on the battlefield diminishes, but his speed remains essential.
Shock Tactics
The Weltkrieg has proven that mobility and shock remains the primary way to achieve total victory. We must avoid the static warfare that plagued many fronts and ensure that our forces remain mobile and maintain initiative over the enemy.
Strike Like Lightning
Speed is everything. It means we can strike the enemy first, while maintaining initiative means our foes cannot respond properly, always on the back foot. This is the only way we can overwhelm and destroy the enemy before they can destroy us with numbers.
Carpathian Hunters
The \
Academia Tehnica Militara
Military Technical Academy \
Expand Mountaineer Corps
The \
High-Altitude Training
The peaks and narrow passes of the Carpathians will inevitably become a battlefield again. Ski troops have proven to be instrumental in this type of terrain and we must ensure that we have soldiers trained in this difficult and specific method of warfare.
The Danube Delta
The great Danube forms our southern border and it is essential for both our defence and our economy. Now that is finally in our hands again we can utilise it once again as an artery of trade, transport and shipbuilding industry.
Improve the Black Sea Fleet
The Romanian Navy remains fairly small — certainly not enough to protect our Black Sea coast. It is about time we enlarge it into a proper force, and a new naval programme will be enacted to this end.
The Modern Rândunica
The Rândunica was the first modern torpedo boat of the Romanian Navy, launched in 1875. Its symbol is prominent among our officers and naval enthusiasts and our new destroyers will carry its legacy with them onto the Black Sea.
Euxine Raiders
Submarines are now proven raiders. The previous war made that very obvious, and the Romanian Navy should take full advantage of their capabilities to wreak havoc throughout the Black Sea.
The King Ferdinand
A proper flagship for the Romanian Navy has been envisioned for quite some time, but never made reality. This dream must be made a reality as we become a serious power in the Black Sea. Considering our capabilities and limitations, a cruiser will certainly do.
Royal Navy of the Black Sea
The Black Sea is one of the major economic artery for our nation; seeking to achieve supremacy over it is merely natural to protect our interests. Just as the British once ruled the waves, we, Romanians, will rule the Black Sea. It is, after all, a far more realistic and practical goal for our navy.
Expand the Danube Flotilla
The Danube Flotilla proved to be instrumental in harassing the Central Powers' offensives while supporting our own land forces during the war. As it is likely to fight its Austro-Hungarian counterpart once more, it should be further expanded.
Minelaying Doctrine
Naval mines are extremely effective at restricting movements of enemy fleets and we must take advantage of this ever-improving technology to protect our coasts.
Defenders of the Danube
From Vienna to the Black Sea, Danube is perhaps the greatest single route of transportation in Europe. As master of its mouths we can benefit greatly from the river and all the economic activity along it.
Develop Cetatea Alba
Constanta, once the artery that connected us to the sea, is in the hands of Bulgaria. Should we ever want our navy to see face to face with the one of our Southern neighbours, we need to expand what ports we have in Cetatea Alba.
Equip Galati
The Galati shipyard have a long shipbuilding history. With the loss of Constanta, we should ensure that Galati remains properly equipped to build and maintain our warships.
Equip Braila
While it isn't as developed as Galati, the loss of Constanta has tied our hands and we should develop the Braila shipyard to help pick up the slack.
Found IAR
The Industria Aeronautică Română is an aircraft plant in Bucharest specialised in developing new training aircraft. We need to expand its facilities to give them the capacity to help our air force grow.
Legacy of Vlaicu and Vuia
Traian Vuia and the late Aurel Vlaicu are Romania's greatest aviation pioneers. Their skills were not only limited to piloting, but to aircraft design as well. Our future pilots and fighters will bear the legacy of Romania's aeronautical heroes.
Flying Artillery
Light bomber aircraft rapidly gained the moniker \
IAR Expansion
Industria Aeronautică Română is the largest Romanian aircraft manufacturer, responsible for most of our fighter development and production. To ensure their continuing contribution to our war effort, they need expanded investment.
Doctrinal Experiments
New planes and pilots are all nice and important, but doctrine cannot fall behind. Since aerial warfare remains a very new concept with an unclear future, we must invest in trial and experimentation to ensure that our pilots and commanders keep up with global developments.
Rain Fire Upon Them
Our Air Force's focus should be to support ground units with air support, bombing targets and strong points to facilitate the Army's fighting capabilities. Our enemies should fear the skies as our bombers cannot let them feel safe.
Drop Them From The Sky
The Air Force's primary goal is to destroy the enemy's aircraft. This is the only way to protect both our soldiers and citizens from enemy warplanes. Any bombing mission should only be considered when we have achieved air superiority.
Legionary Romania
Against all odds, we have succeeded in our power struggle against the wily king. With the last barrier in our path having been sidelined, we can fully focus our energies into transforming Romania into a true titan of the Balkans, just as it was back in the days of Burebista and Dromichaetes.
The Captain Triumphant
With the Stelescu crisis having been successfully defused and the king outwitted, the Captain stands as the most powerful man in Romania. Just as he has successfully steered the Legion from a small group of six to being the most powerful force in Romania, so shall he steer his country towards a brighter future.
A King Under Surveillance
While the institution of the monarchy is respectable, it is clear that it must be kept from intervening too much within our affairs. By making sure that vital court offices are always staffed by our men, we can reduce the king's manoeuvring room enough that he will have no choice but to cooperate. If the king is the symbol of the nation, he must not stand in the path of its will, as embodied by us.
Legionary Industrialisation
The Romanian nation may be eternally indebted to its peasantry, but a strong nation requires a strong industry as well. By unleashing our people's energies, steered by our guiding hand, we will successfully attain our goal of a strong industrialised nation, capable of facing the future while respecting our past.
Clime-Grozea Commission
Gheorghe Clime and Dumitru Grozea, both experienced Legionary activists and high-profile members of the Legionary Worker Corps, have come forth with a proposal to help Romania's industrial development. Not only are the potential economic benefits immense, but the rapid growth of the urban worker wing of the party will be invaluable as generations will owe their prosperity to us.
From Camps to Factories
As our nation develops, while the work camps will continue to toughen our men, our factories will need workers to actually man them. As such, work camp service will segue well into a later career in the factories of our great nation.
Green Agrarian Roots
Even though our movement originated from nationalist studentry, our first proper base of support was the peasantry, and we shall honour our past in more ways than one by carefully promoting our people's agrarian heritage. Without them, we wouldn't stand today, and no matter where our nation goes, they shall accompany us for evermore.
Agency of Public Works
With power in our hands, we can properly centralise and direct public works efforts in our country. Where the state once failed, we will succeed in bringing the benefits of good infrastructure in the countryside, and generations upon generations shall be thankful for our efforts today.
Tradition Eternal
It is not our way to recklessly send our men dashing into danger, as losing the cream of our crop would only weaken our strength just like what happened at Nicopole or at Crecy all those years ago. We shall instead adhere to the Captain's way and maintain our strength in reserve, while setting ourselves up to have the high ground in any direct confrontation.
Obligatory Camp Service
In order for our men to be as prepared for life as possible, the Captain has decided that each member of the Legion must fulfil a term of service within our expanding work camp service. Not only will this toughen them up, it will also help entrench our reputation as selfless workers in service of the Fatherland, and the results of their labour will stand for evermore.
Expand the Hierarchy of the Legion
As our movement grows, the Legion's hierarchic structure must grow as well, not only to accommodate the increased numbers but to maintain the Captain's firm grasp as well. Keeping the Movement focused helped us gain power, and maintaining its discipline will help us keep cohesion and face the future as one soul.
Spiritual-National Guide
The Captain is more than just the prime minister, more than the leader of the Legion and the Party; no, he is a spiritual and national guide for the Romanian nation, who tirelessly works for our country's benefit and sets forth the path we take towards our country's new future. He doesn't need to bother with usual party politics, for at this point he can be safely said to be above them.
A Country as the Sun in the Sky
With the Great Legionary Victory achieved and with the country firmly in our grasp, we shall set forth towards making Romania a country like the blessed Sun in the Sky; radiant, envied, bountiful and sanctifying of all that it graces. While we have made major strides towards this goal, there is still much to do, but with faith in our Captain and in our noble blood, we shall make our dream a reality.
Second Legionary Victory
The royal attempt to topple us may have sent shock waves throughout the movement, but our resolve has proven itself stronger! The people have not forgotten their true benefactors and have propelled us back into power! We will make sure that this second chance will not be wasted.
Defang the Movement
As much as our more... unique approaches to problems have helped us in the past, the fact they have led to problems is undeniable. We should at least make a token effort to seem more respectable, even if behind the scenes we are just the same as ever.
Alliance with the Church
As much as some clerics would prefer to dissociate from us, we still have been very stalwart in the defence of the Holy Church and the Right Faith. It is only logical that we attempt to further court that most noble of organisations. What are we if not defenders of the faith in the face of godless syndicalists, after all?
Agrarian Price Controls
The market, while an useful tool to attain great wealth for our nation, can also be an unyielding malefactor for our poor, who can end up having to resort to bartering or subsistence farming to get the foodstuff they need. No longer, for we will impose a set of relatively static prices for basic foodstuff, so that years from now the basic price for bread as imagined by everyone shall be the one dictated by us.
Legionary Culture Centres
Without proper awareness of our culture, we would lose ourselves in the fogs of history; to avoid this prospective shame, we will open up a series of cultural centres across the country, meant to educate the Romanian people to their heritage and help them see their great purpose, sponsored and aided along by our faithful cavaliers in green of course.
Numerus Valachicus
Our country's university system has a worrying proportion of non-Romanian students. In the past, our student population had grown weary of this perceived intrusion, lighting up the spark that would lead to our movement's founding. We shall introduce a special form of numerus clausus that ties student population to demographic percentages, guaranteeing Romanian majorities.
Legionary Cooperatives
Through the years of combat and rulership, our system of cooperatives has proven itself an useful way to make money and increase Legionary ties, both between themselves and the average people. Let us expand our unique little trade and entrench our role in the country's economic system!
Court the King
His Majesty reportedly was aghast when he heard of our election victory, and considering the troubles that led to this peculiar situation, he cannot be blamed. However, to avoid the troubles we had with the last king, Carol II, we should at least try to play nice with His Majesty; if it seems like we try to uphold democracy in some way, the chances of being ousted early will decrease accordingly.
The First Among the Parties
Our status as the first among equals within the evolving Romanian political system is growing more and more uncontested by the day; a development appreciated by our great Captain, who ended up growing to be more of a politician than a combatant like back in the day. We should continue our efforts to further legitimise ourselves and carve a niche for the Movement that will stand the test of time.
Green-Tinted Democracy?
While different from our previous goal of uncontested rule, we have managed to turn our surprising victory into a chance to permanently leave our mark within the Romanian political system, and ensure a permanent niche for us no matter what may come in the future. Our country shall shine as bright as the sun in the sky, and we will achieve this most noble goal, whether it be via noble means or otherwise.
The Green Prince Stands Up
[cantacuzino1desc]
The chaos from the aftermath of the assassination of our beloved Captain and the Royal-Legionary conflict has become too much to bear, and a firm hand is needed. Fortunately, the right man has stood up at just the right time, successfully re-establishing control both over the Legion and the country. Now, Romania shall be ruled by the firm hand it requires; the iron fist of Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino.
Our beloved Captain has handed us the responsibility to guide Romania into the new future, and a firm hand is needed. Fortunately, the right man has stood up at just the right time, successfully re-establishing control both over the Legion and the country. Now, Romania shall be ruled by the firm hand it requires; the iron fist of Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino.
The Legionary Revolution
[cantacuzino2desc]
As venerable as our Captain was, his attempt to adherence to the old party system led to his murder by his opponents. It was by calling back to our past as a revolutionary cell that we have reasserted control, and now we are in a position to truly unleash our own revolution. With both the Old Guard and the Worker Corps rallied behind the Conducător and Regent, no infighting shall distract us from our sacred mission.
As venerable as our Captain was, his attempt to adherence to the old party system led to his retirement and failure. It was by calling back to our past as a revolutionary cell that we have reasserted control, and now we are in a position to truly unleash our own revolution. With both the Old Guard and the Worker Corps rallied behind the Conducător and Regent, no infighting shall distract us from our sacred mission.
Send out the Greenshirts
We have made great strides to bring back order, however rebellious elements still threaten our rule. Fortunately, our ever-loyal Greenshirts stand at the ready to help us quell insurrections, and with some training and extra measures, they will perform. A simple signature is all we need to show just who actually rules these streets.
National Brotherhood
For the longest time we have been divided by various barriers, and although the Unification and measures taken since have helped bring them down, work remains to be done to finally end brotherly conflicts. By highlighting our shared past, our present chance and our future glories, we will help instil a sense of true brotherhood amongst our people, and no Romanian shall be a stranger to the other anymore.
Oust the Foreign Monarch
Although the Monarchy has helped us build our nation, lingering foreign elements within the Royal house still remain. Even the king that was born here has worked against us, we now have no choice but to replace the foreign dynasty. Conducător Cantacuzino has sworn to fullfill his duty as the Regent until fitting new monarch is chosen.
The Romanian of Tomorrow
Over time, people become complacent. Fortunately, our gracious Conducător Cantacuzino knows just what must be done and what traits to foster to maintain the Romanian people's real fighting spirit. As much as we will respect our past, we must rediscover it and always challenge ourselves, and end the apathy and deceitfulness that plagued us for so long. In the name of King, Cross and People, we shall prevail.
The Vanguard of Reaction
It is not enough to simply reshape our country out of obligation towards ourselves; we have to commit to forging the Romania of tomorrow to ensure our place as a leading nation in history, a beacon of nationalism, of heroic revolutionary spirit and of Christianity. Admirers and imitators will come in time, just as France became a beacon following the conquests of Napoleon.
End Unjust Privileges
Legionaries are an example to the Romanian people in their brotherhood unlike the bourgeoisie of the past who, as they fetishised old France, detached themselves from the realities of the land. This combined with materialism are ruining our moral fibre and this cannot do. Let he who is truly useful to his kin become the respected one, not the wealthy one, and let the unshackling of the Romanians begin.
Break the Banks
The dominance of speculative capital chokes our spirit and helps engender desires of a soft life, without difficulties and without helping to contribute to anything. No longer! The time has come to finally shatter this chokehold it has on us and return honest work to the ennobling effect it was always supposed to have, and re-entrench the true rights and social duties of wealth.
We Shall Raise Ourselves
Now that we are free from foreign rule, be it Ottoman, Austrian or Russian, it falls onto us and us alone to steer our own fate. Through our very own effort we shall not only rediscover that spirit which helped us survive all this time, but also elevate ourselves among the ruling peoples of Europe! No longer shall we be the servants of any trespassers; we will lord over them ourselves!
The Cult of the Warrior
Intellectualism, although necessary in some regards, is not the most ideal way of life for us, for it begets cowardice and chokes out bravery. No, in order to properly defend our home and achieve our sacred destiny we have to rediscover the virtues of our defenders of old; simplicity, physical improvement and the shedding of excessive rationalism in favour of heroic mysticism.
The National-Legionary State
There still remains much to be done, but with the foundations laid down and the basic framework established, we can properly proclaim the National-Legionary State and cement our gains for now, and prepare for the next steps in our transformation of the psyche and of the nation. Long Live the Legion, the Captain and the Conducător! Onwards, dear brothers! Onwards to victory!
The Carlist Restoration
His Majesty, Carol II, has emerged victorious in his duel with the so-called \
Find Remaining Legionaries
While the Legion has effectively collapsed, far too many high-profile Legionaries remain at large and, therefore, a threat to the government. We must eliminate the dangerous ones and purge the rest for their crimes against the nation.
Reward the Loyal
In these dire times with treason widespread, it is important to keep in mind those who have remained loyal to His Majesty during the toughest hour. Rewards are plenty to those who remained steadfast just as punishment is dealt to those who betrayed Us.
Drafting the Royal Constitution
The last few years have only demonstrated that the current constitution is incredibly flawed. No longer will demagogues like Codreanu be able to sway the public; the king, and only the king, will lead the nation. Although Parliament remains, with senators appointed by His Majesty and deputies reorganised along corporatist lines, executive and legislative power is vested in the king.
Drafting of the Royal Constitution will begin.
Royal Philanthropy
As the nation rebuilds itself, the king, as saviour of the nation, must be at the forefront of philanthropic endeavours throughout the country. This is needed not only to restore His Majesty's reputation, but to help repair the fabric of society torn by manipulative demagogues and incompetent politicians.
National Renaissance Front
National unity has been shattered by the last few years of incompetence, driven by the selfish interests of political parties and demagogues. The division caused by parties can only be addressed by creating a single pro-government political group to replace the broken system of parties. The National Renaissance Front will serve as the king's political vehicle to rebuild and modernise Romania.
Cult of Personality
It is not enough to cultivate a positive image of the king. He must be elevated further as the unchallenged Conducător of the nation. His Majesty's true power must be reflected everywhere to ensure the government's legitimacy and strength in the eyes of the public and keep the nation's wounds from resurfacing.
Crown Patronage
His Majesty is an unapologetic lover of the arts and large sums are spent subsidising cultural projects- especially if they serve to improve the king's image. While he has little interest in economics, his advisors are able men, and they suggest continuing large state-run development projects throughout the country, which only helps cultivate his philanthropic image.
Corporate Alliances
While corporatism is an important aspect of His Majesty's government, corporate interests are also undeniably crucial in developing the country. Aligning with Romania's largest corporations will ensure that we have the powerful backing of the wealthy industrialists and investors in the state's many development projects everywhere.
The Camarilla Empowered
The King of Romania has always had an informal network of councillors and advisors. This Camarilla, however, never became an actual institution with actual powers. With the king firmly in control, this must change, and the king's privy council will finally make it official, further cementing His Majesty's power.
An Idealised Sovereign
As part of His Majesty's cult of personality, an idealised image of the king is one of the more important aspects. The king must be depicted in a way that truly shows his power and his God-appointed mission to lead the Romanian people, and the nation should venerate their Saviour-King as He brings forth a golden age for them.
Reshaping the Country
As Romania enters a golden age, the country will inevitably be reshaped as it becomes a modern nation. Romanians will be better connected than ever before as railroads and highways bring people and goods to and from each corner of the nation. They will symbolise the kingdom's ascendancy to prosperity.
King of the Rebirth
His Majesty Carol II has many titles. From Conducător to King of Culture, perhaps his favourite one is \
New National Veins
As our nation heals from years of internal political friction we are now building new connections between our people both ideologically and physically to bridge the gaps and truly unite our people.
Mihai's Government
The Royal-Legionary Conflict has led the nation to complete ruin as the two leaders let their squabble turn into senseless murder. With the Autocrat and the Captain gone, it is up to the young king and the army to pick up the pieces and rebuild Romania. Once the generals stabilise the situation, the old politicians will return, and free elections will decide the nation's future once more.
Return of the National Liberals
The National Liberal Party, Romania's oldest political party, makes its triumphant return on the political scene. With the Legion and the ambitious Carol II swept away, it will be up to us National Liberals to rebuild our nation and democracy.
Through Us Ourselves
\
Railway Investments
Railways are the basis of any industrialising economy as they will spur growth and bring our nation closer together.
Centralisation
Romania is one nation and the demands of regionalists and decentralists are tantamount to separatism and, thus, treason. Power must be in the hands of the central government, for only they know and understand the bigger picture; the nation itself in its entirety.
Economic Integration
Romania has been disconnected for too long, its main historic regions developing largely independently of each other. This can no longer be the case, for the nation must be truly unified. Integrating the Romanian economy into a single unit will strengthen the central government's influence and its ability to develop the nation as a whole.
Legacy of the Brātianu Family
The PNL has been largely dominated by the Brătianu family and the majority of party chairmen were scions. This monopoly has long been criticised and caused factionalism within the party. However, despite their initial exclusion, it is high time for us to address the elephant in the room, for Dinu Brătianu is eager to help the National Liberal effort, which could prove beneficial.
Rebranding and Rebuilding
When the Legion seized power, they were eager to paint the National Liberals as the source of Romania's troubles since the Great War. Their propaganda has proven to be long-lasting and it will time for us to rebuild our image among the Romanian people.
Romanian National Revival
The National Liberal Party has always embraced Romanian nationalism along with its liberal ideals. With the Romanian people reunified, the nation enters a new age, a new national revival as we celebrate our great achievements in recent history.
An Orderly Constitution
The PNL is now introducing a new constitution. Democratic traditions are to be enshrined once more, and its articles reflect the party's liberal and nationalist ideals. In the future, Romania will be able to call itself a stable and prosperous nation with its liberties and interests protected.
Triumph of the National Peasant's Party
The union of the Peasant's Party and the Transylvania-based Romanian National Party has created a powerful political bloc; the National Peasant's Party (PNŢ). Their triumph in the general elections are a surprise; perhaps the minds across the Carpathians can finally bring much-needed new blood and ideas to Romanian politics after the fiasco of the Legionary government.
Open Doors Policy
The Open Doors Policy has been proposed by the PNŢ to attract foreign capital to invest in industrial development, believing that Romania alone simply doesn't have the capital to support economic development at the scale needed to compete with the rest of Europe.
Cooperative Banking
Cooperative banking such as credit unions has been a relatively recent development in more agrarian economies. These largely-rural institutions are far better suited to deal with the realities of Romania, with its population overwhelmingly composed of peasants. This way, we can better develop the economies of rural Romania and ensure that the majority of Romanians will profit from economic growth rather than just the urban elites.
Developmentalism
Developmentalism is the economic theory that less developed economies should focus on building up a varied internal market, largely through moderate interventionism and limited imports. The PNŢ hopes to achieve a moderate programme of industrialisation to diversify and strengthen the economy.
Limited Dirigism
While both laissez-faire and planned economies have proven to have many strengths and weaknesses, the PNŢ believes in a moderate course with the government intervening through limited state planning largely \
Towards the Peasant State
Peasants make up the vast majority of the population. It is only natural that the government should focus on improving their livelihoods first and foremost. Thus, as representatives of the peasant class, the PNŢ will transform Romania into a \
Support Cooperatives
For peasants, cooperatives are the natural way to organise the rural population and economy, for they will only rarely leave their communities. It is through cooperatives that the peasants will truly prosper in an improved economy.
Create the Office of Regional Development
By founding the Office of Regional Development, the government will be better able to judge and address the economic problems of Romania's different regions. Through them, investments will be directed where it is needed to improve local economies.
The Community of Producers
The \
Protect the Little Man
Iuliu Maniu is a man of the people. The Little Man, the peasant and the industrial worker, must be protected from the country's economic and political elite which seek to enslave him. The oligarchy of Old Romania has already led the nation to ruin once, and cannot be allowed to do so again.
The Rural Gendarme
Both Legionnaires and Syndicalists have proven law and order must be preserved in order to protect the people, vulnerable to their intimidation tactics and demagoguery. The rural gendarme will become the symbol of stability in Greater Romania.
Draft a Peasant Constitution
With the PNŢ having secured the support of the Romanian people, a new constitution is to be promulgated. Democratic institutions are to be protected once more while Romania's peasants, the vast majority of the population, will be guaranteed its central position in Romanian society. Romania will indeed become a Peasant State which truly seeks the best for its people.
The Treaty of Bucharest ended Romania's war with the Central Powers. While it was considered lenient, its restrictions were enough to fuel a stab-in-the-back myth that, after several crises in the 1920s, overturned the nation's political establishment. The death of King Ferdinand and the country's leading liberal politician would pave the way for two highly ambitious men: King Carol II and Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. The two joined arms to overthrow Romanian democracy and launch a crusade to reunite Romania, but how long can these two strong personalities work together before their ambitions clash in the open?
GFX_ROM_intro
Kingdom of Romania, 1936
The Kingdom of Romania was still a relatively young country when it joined the Weltkrieg in 1916 with grand ambitions of taking Transylvania from the Hungarians, a dream that remains unrealised to this day. Despite some initial successes in 1916, the small country was quickly overwhelmed by German, Austrian and Bulgarian troops. Against all odds, the Romanian Army did not break and instead established new positions around Iasi. With help of the Russians and the French they rebuilt their strength and repelled the Central Powers again and again. The end only came when the Russian Revolution and collapse of the Eastern Front made Romania's position untenable.\n\nMany young men had died for an ideal that ultimately proved just out of reach, and the situation in the country itself had improved for naught. The Treaty of Bucharest was bitter, even more so because the Romanian army had fought well. With this, the stab-in-the-back narrative emerged - Romania was betrayed by the Russians, they were left alone by the Western Entente, they were sabotaged from the inside by traitorous minorities such as the Jews. Radical movements rose up quickly after, fuelled by bitterness, revanchism and social issues such as unequal land use. By 1936 the strongest of those movements is the Legion of the Archangel Michael, popularly known as the Legionary Movement, led by the young and charismatic Corneliu Codreanu, the Capitan of the Iron Guard.\n\nIn 1927, King Ferdinand passed away and was succeeded by his son, Carol II. Even though Carol had a reputation for being quite the womaniser the war had really left its mark on the king. His dream is clear: to succeed in where his father had failed. In his quest the king found an ally equally driven and struck a deal with Codreanu. Two men united in their revanchist fervour tore apart the democratic system in the 1933 elections. After the assassination of Prime Minister I. G. Duca by the Iron Guard, Codreanu formed the first Legionary government: the first step towards Greater Romania.\n\nWhile the king and the Captain might be allies in their revanchist project, it is clear they ultimately do not wish to share power. The so-called ‘Great Game' between these two men began quickly after the elections after Codreanu started his ambitious land reform, an issue very popular among his base. Influential landowners appealed to the king, who in turn forced Codreanu to halt his reforms. With the growing enmity between two men the power struggle can only get more fierce, with neither one ready to give up power. As long as they share the common goal of Greater Romania they will work together, but after that... only God knows.
Mechanics of the Great Game
There is an additional resource used by both Codreanu and the king, Influence. New laws and policies require the approval of both the Legionary-controlled Assembly and the king. This forces both parties to make concessions to drive their own agenda.\n\nAfter choosing to side with Carol or Codreanu, you will unlock a set of decisions to interact with the system from either Codreanu's or from Carol's point of view. If you manage to keep the chosen side in power after the Unification, your nation will be stronger than if it changes control.\n\nIn addition to the decisions, §BInfluence§! is gained from the political branch of the focus tree and it is primarily spent on the land reform branch, which requires influence to advance. But beware, your opponent also has their own Influence which gives them more power, enabling many events not necessarily in your advantage.
§MNicolae - Legionaries§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Execute Stelescu in the event \
Union Day
Union Day represents the Union of the Principalities of Moldova and Wallachia on the 24th of January, 1859, when Alexandru Ioan Cuza was elected as \
Everything for the Fatherland!
Berlin Crash Hits Bucharest
Today was a dreadful day for the stock market of Bucharest as many important banks and corporations went into a nosedive after the chain reaction that began with the crash of the Berlin stock market. Many businesses in Romania have been owned by large German and Austrian corporations, which are now in ruins. The unemployment rate has climbed sky-high and the exports sector has been hit bad after the demand for oil and agricultural products in Central Europe has plummeted.
Even now they find ways to torment us.
Nationalisation of German Corporations
As German banks collapsed, so did the German corporations owning large parts of the Romanian oil industry. The exports-based economy of Romania crashed hard after the demand for oil and agricultural products hit rock bottom in the Reichspakt, which has been Romania's main trading partner. Unemployment soared sky-high in a fortnight, and our largest bank is on the precipice of collapse.\n\nWhile most non-syndicalist countries simply have to endure the collapse, our government holds a significant control over the economic system. Should we desire so, we could obtain the assets of crashed German corporations quite cheaply and nationalise the refinery industry, saving thousands of Romanian jobs in the process. This might not be a popular move in Berlin, however, but it would send a strong message about Codreanu's government and its dedication to the well-being of all Romanians.
Enough of Berlin. Nationalise German-owned industries.
Continue with nationalisation, but pay the corporations a modest price.
Romania Nationalises the Oil Fields
After the complete crash of Oil-Lands Leasehold Company managing the Ploiesti oil fields Codreanu's government proceeded to nationalise the assets of the bankrupt corporation. It is yet another case of Romania breaking the Bucharest Treaty, but there is little we can do to stop them - neither does the public care much about the issue.
After the complete crash of Oil-Lands Leasehold Company managing the Ploiesti oil fields Codreanu's government proceeded to nationalise the assets of the bankrupt corporation. They did offer a \
If they think they can survive without Mitteleuropa, so be it!
We're too busy to worry about petty things.
Relief Work for the Unemployed
Even though we have alleviated the effects of the economic recession quite effectively, there's still a huge number of unemployed in Romania. The government proposes state-funding of relief work in Iron Guard-administrated labour corps, while the king wishes to support private industrialists to provide relief jobs. While the first option would be an assured cure to the unemployment, the proponents of the King's policy argue it would be only temporary measure which does not benefit the economy as whole.
The Conducător will find work for his people.
Economic recovery needs private sector!
Banca de Credit Roman Saved!
After the bankruptcy of the large bank Marmorosch-Blank in 1931 the government created safeguards to prevent such economic catastrophes in the future. The Superior Banking Council was created to regulate and investigate the banking sector in 1934, and the institution has never been more necessary. While banks in many countries crashed hard and fast, a total collapse of Banca de Credit Roman was prevented through the SBC safeguards. The catastrophe that broke the backs of great, international German banks left the Romanian ones surprisingly unharmed.
Great!
The Future of Romania
As the year 1936 begins, the struggle between the nation's two competing leaders, King Carol II and Prime Minister Codreanu, is entering a new phase. Deadlocked for some time, the two are running out of space to manoeuvre around each other. With growing frequency, they are starting to collide head-on and it is becoming increasingly difficult to maintain the facade of cooperation. As it stands, the king and the Captain are both realising that the time to take the other out for good is approaching. As the two personalities stand to clash, people will be increasingly forced to pick a side or face the consequences of neutrality alone.
I will stand by Codreanu and his Legionaries.
Carol II is the rightful ruler of all Romania!
Long-Awaited Land Reform
There has been multiple attempts to conduct a comprehensive reform of land ownership in Romania after the Weltkrieg. Perhaps the most ambitious attempt to solve the unequal land ownership was the Legionary land reform of 1934, which came to a halt after the wealthy aristocrats asked the king to intervene on their behalf. This time Prime Minister Codreanu is defiant to go through with the large-scale plans of breaking up the large estates and give the farmholds to the peasants who actually farm them. These large estates form easily over half of all arable land in Romania.\n\nThe aristocracy seems quite worried about Codreanu's plans, and there have already been multiple appeals to the king to stop or at the very least milden the planned reform programme. As the king does wield power to ultimately block any laws the parliament passes, his opinions and influence cannot be ignored. It is hard to imagine that he would actually block the reform, but he will surely aim to get his own ideas incorporated in the greatest restructuring of the Romanian economy in the twentieth century.
There has been multiple attempts to conduct a comprehensive reform of land ownership in Romania after the Weltkrieg. Perhaps the most ambitious attempt to solve the unequal land ownership was the Legionary land reform of 1934, which came to a halt after the wealthy aristocrats asked the king to intervene on their behalf. King Carol II protected the rights of the aristocrats, but he did also show Codreanu his true colours.\n\nLand reform is still a necessary one, though. Land use in Romanian countryside is both unequal and ineffective. Unlike the Legionary vision of breaking up the large estates, the king cannot rely on such brutish methods. Instead the government should aim to work with the landholders, not against them. Actual legislative power is in the hands of the Legionaries, though - which will require giving them some influence over the reform process.
It is our duty to the peasants of this land.
Double Agent in the Camarilla!
The Camarilla is the unofficial privy council of His Majesty and is filled with his supporters and advisors. On the other hand, the social circle around the king is quite wide and it was only a matter of time before the Iron Guard would successfully infiltrate it. The information they managed to acquire could cause a scandal involving a member of the Camarilla if the double agent isn't taken care of in time.
The royal scandal is unveiled!
Silence him.
Violence in the Streets!
While the Legion holds parliamentary activities on a tight leash, opposition to Codreanu across the political spectrum was never fully silenced. Earlier today, activists had taken to the streets in protest, only to be met by violence as Codreanu's Greenshirts descended on them. While it is uncertain whether their leader ordered their actions, we are in a position to turn a blind eye on the fighting and let the Iron Guard silence the dissidents, or have security forces intervene to fight the Greenshirts.
Let the degenerates shout.
They're not the only ones who can fight!
Codreanu's Populist Policies
With the Legion largely in control of parliament, Codreanu, as Prime Minister, submitted a piece of legislation to the Chamber of Deputies. It is an open secret among parliamentarians that the legislation has little substance and is meant to woo the people and garner support for the Captain's land reform programme. Carol II's Camarilla is uneasy about letting Codreanu get away with such blatant demagoguery and suggest that the king veto the legislation, but doing so would hurt his popularity among a large segment of the population. Alternatively, it was also suggested that the king could use his influence or threaten the Prime Minister into giving credit to His Majesty instead, boosting the image of the royalists instead.
Accept the legislation.
Veto their sad attempt to bribe the people.
Pass their policies as your own.
Codreanu Tightens Censorship.
In another move to silence opposition, a newspaper belonging to the opposition was forcefully shut down by the Iron Guard before they could start today's print. Claiming that the paper had a history of publishing libellous publications, the Captain loudly proclaimed that until the media could \
At least it silences the dissenters.
Focus on internal party media instead.
Large Legionary Rally Gathering!
The Legion of Archangel Michael prides itself in their mass rallies gathering thousands of supporters. These rallies, however, feature fiery speeches containing blatant anti-Semitic rhetoric and increasing calls for violence against perceived enemies of the nation. Beside, the king see these as displays of power from his rival as a blatant threat to his rule. Of course, King Carol could bestow Codreanu with his royal generosity and allow him and his thugs to parade all they want in exchange for favours, such as letting His Majesty take centre stage, or forbid it altogether. However, this would likely result in a livid response from the Legion and their notorious Greenshirts.
Forbid their little meeting.
Allow it... with a price.
The King Appears in Public
Until recently, King Carol has often appeared alongside Prime Minister Codreanu in public in a show of unity between the nation's two leaders. However, the king has begun appearing in public on his own, often impromptu without notifying the Captain. It is no secret that Carol is hoping to build up a personal base of support independent from the Legion and it is clearly a threat to Codreanu's own position. Either we let the king parade and avoid a controversy as the nation needs to appear united, or protest these displays as Carol selfishly threatens to sabotage their cooperation.
Let him entertain the masses if he so wishes.
Protest his decision.
Royalist Conspirators in the Officer Corps
The Royal Romanian Army has always remained independent of the struggle between Carol II and Codreanu even if the two leaders have supporters within it. It has become clear, however, that a number of officers are showing increasingly blatant loyalty to the king, potentially trying to gain the Army's support against Codreanu. Before this royal conspiracy can grow out of hand, we may want to convince the General Staff to punish these loud-mouthed royalists. However, Codreanu is wary of meddling in military affairs, for he knows how much they despise meddling and how dependent he is on their aloof attitude towards politics.
Punish them harshly.
We must stay on the good side of the military.
King's High Society Contacts
King Carol II is an active member of Romania's high society. From wealthy industrialists to artists and socialites, he tends to support them both personally and financially, and they appreciate His Majesty's support. Many of them are eager to meet the king in person and enjoy His ear for whatever trouble or project of theirs needs it. On the other hand, Prime Minister Codreanu has been wary of these contacts as they threaten his own standing in the complex circle the Romanian government has become. He may use his influence to limit these contacts and ensure that Romanian high society doesn't move against him.
Let them meet the king.
Perhaps the king is busy at the moment.
Dissent in the Iron Guard
The Legion of Archangel Michael, or Iron Guard, has become a powerful mass movement with a huge following. Despite strict ideological discipline, however, the Guard is not monolithic and it increasingly faces non-conformism within its wide membership. These non-conformist tendencies, be they towards radicalism or moderatism, have allowed the king to exploit divisions within the movement leading some young, outspoken Legionnaires to criticise the Legion's leadership. That these dissidents will be punished is a certainty, but the degree of said punishment is not - Codreanu may not wish to advertise this dissidence in the Legion or alienate younger members whose support remains tentative.
Punish the non-conformists.
They are young, they will learn.
Anti-Legionary Propaganda
Newspapers throughout the nation have sprouted out recently, all churning propaganda against Codreanu and the Legion. When the Greenshirts tried to shut them down, however, they either found the paper trail leading to people under the king's protection or were ambushed by the king's own paramilitary if they pushed on. For the time being, propaganda against the government has been successfully spread all over Romania.
Damn that King!
Corpul Muncitoresc Legionar
The Legionary Worker Corps is Codreanu's attempt to co-opt syndicalist methods and supporters into his ultranationalist movement. In essence, the Corps is a corporatist association of Romanian workers in a strict hierarchy similar to the Iron Guard intending to replace trade unions. While it claims to aim for equality of workers and factory owners, it is by-and-large an attempt to attract more urban workers into the Legion and mobilise it as another paramilitary wing to support the movement.
Better green than red unions!
We should restrain their influence.
Iron Guard Expands
Membership into the Legion of Archangel Michael has soared recently thanks to Codreanu's recent successes and populist rhetoric. It is clear that his movement is more attractive to common Romanians regardless of the Captain's Demagoguery, hurting the king's reputation and popularity in the process.
Damn them!
Revanchist Rally
Revanchism has become a permanent fixture in Romanian politics. No political movement, moderate or radical, can avoid it and opposing it has led to horrible consequences for politicians perceived as \
Everything For the Country!
The agitators should be restrained.
Cross Brotherhoods Surge
The Brotherhood of the Cross is the youth wing of the Legion of Archangel Michael and has become an increasingly prominent institution among Romanian children. Recently, their membership has surged, likely due to how pervasive it has become after numerous recruitment drives and state support. Brotherhoods across the country are helping the Legion grow and will prove to be essential in the long-term as it secures future membership into the Guard and organises the future core of the movement.
Everything For the Country!
King Expands the Camarilla
While the Camarilla remains an unofficial organisation, Carol II has steadily been strengthening it, clearly intending for it to become an official government institution. For now, the little privy council's actual influence remains limited, and Codreanu can tolerate its existence, but it would be wise to keep an eye on them should we decide to let it exist for a while longer.
Let him play a feudal lord.
This man is a threat to Codreanu.
Carol II's Philanthropy
In a clear attempt at improving his poor image, King Carol donated large sums of money to numerous charities across the country. Hoping the create an image as a generous philanthropist, the king made sure that news of these donations were made very public and spread through Royalist papers. While we could simply ignore the king's blatant challenge, we could also try to outshine him by publicly increasing state expenditures towards charities and services.
Let him spend his unjust wealth.
Show them that the state cares too!
King Tours the Countryside
As the king continues to improve his abysmal public image, his recent tours have led him to the Romanian countryside where he has made many public gatherings and speeches exalting Romanian farmers and inspecting results from the land reform programme. We could simply ignore the king's pathetic attempt at wooing our support base and not allow it to gain even more attention, but it may be wise to counter it and make sure Romanians are reminded of who truly cares about their well-being.
He should stay there!
Show the farmers who truly cares about them.
The Legion must not forget its roots!
Straja Tarii Founded
The Sentinel of the Motherland is the youth wing of the Royalist movement meant to counter the growing strength of the Legion's own Cross Brotherhoods. Sentinels are bound by a creed: Faith and Labour for Country and King. Like the Cross Brotherhoods, the Sentinel offers military training for Romania's youth, forming them as loyal patriots of the nation and its King, the \
What misguided young patriots.
Opposition Politician Assassinated!
A politician of the opposition was found dead this morning after assassins broke into his home and shot him. While it is an open secret that neither Legionaries or Royalists are upset about the death of a dissident, both movements are eager to take advantage of this opportunity for their own gains. As such, the Royalists are eager to properly punish the assassins and show respect for due process, the Legion is gearing for mass arrests in order to weaken their political rivals further.
Too bad.
Punish the murderers.
Arrange mass arrests!
These men are heroes.
Blood on the Streets
Paramilitary violence has become increasingly common as the Iron Guard grew in prominence and numbers. While political opposition hasn't been going down quietly since the Codreanu became Prime Minister, no other political group has been able to organise as ruthless a paramilitary as the Legion's Iron Guard and their attacks on dissidents have largely been one-sided unless security forces intervened (and they largely didn't). Stopping their violence and dispersing the armed men will be a costly affair, even if it helps being peace in the streets. Besides, their thuggery has been handy to keep opposition to both the king and government weak.
They were enemies of the nation.
The law must be obeyed.
The war for the nation's souls is won in the streets!
Legionaries Attack Synagogues
Anti-Semitism is definitely not new in Romania and has been widespread for some time, but the Legion has brought it to previously-unimaginable levels. A common scapegoat in the past, Jewish Romanians have increasingly become targets as revanchist sentiments radicalised large segments of the Romanian population. With alarming regularity, Greenshirts attack synagogues throughout the country with security forces often turning a blind eye. As yet another anti-Semitic incident as occurred, it remains to be seen how the divided authorities will respond.
There are always radicals.
Punish those responsible.
Factory Workers Strike
While the Red Scare caused by the fall of France to syndicalism has largely blown over, succeeding Romanian governments have been quick to stamp out labour agitation wherever it sprouted. With the country gradually industrialising, labour disputes increased. The Legion has been harsh on any kind of apparent \
Let them strike.
Negotiate a compromise.
Punish them harshly!
Opposition Speaks against Codreanu
While Codreanu is prime minister with a comfortable majority in the Chamber of Deputies, it is by no means a monopoly of parliamentary activities. With Codreanu tightening censorship, unleashing his Greenshirts at any threat to his rule, and the king seemingly turning a blind eye to His Prime Minister's abuses, a gathering of opposition politicians have publicly criticised the Codreanu government's disregard for the Constitution. The demonstration remains relatively small as the Iron Guard keeps an eye on it, waiting for orders to disperse them.
They do have a point.
Silence them!
King's Mistress
The Romanian royal family, like every other, has a long history with extramarital affairs and marital infidelity. There is, however, an expectation of discretion: scandals are to be avoided and liaisons terminated should such a scandal occur. The king, however, not only appears to have no discretion whatsoever; indeed, he seems to take great pleasure in publicly flaunting his womanising lifestyle.\n\nThe origins of Elena \
It's not like the king can deny her anything.
This is exactly the kind of degeneracy that will bring our nation into ruin!
Smear Campaign against Lupescu
The king's mistress, Magda Lupescu, has recently been targeted by Legion-aligned papers across Romania in a rather obvious attempt to smear her name. The exposé describes the \
How dare they? They must issue public apologies instantly!
Perhaps she should keep low profile for some time.
What a mess they have caused.
King Demands an Apology
As expected, King Carol II publicly admonished the Legion for their recent smear campaign against his mistress, Madame Lupescu. In retaliation, the king has demanded that Prime Minister Codreanu publicly apologise for the incident and properly punish the Legionaries responsible. While Codreanu has made little effort to hide his disgust of the mistress, he and the king depend on an image of cooperation in their common goal to forge Greater Romania and the incident threatens to expose how bitterly opposed they truly are. On the other hand, it would be a public humiliation for the Legion to bow down to Carol and could hurt the unity of the movement as the Captain depends on a strong cult of personality.
Even if they are right, it is not their place to judge the king... yet.
The Captain will always stand by his men!
Codreanu Sides with the King
In order to avoid a public dispute with the king, Codreanu agreed to his demands and publicly apologised for the Legion's attack on the king's mistress. This is a clear victory for Carol, but the Captain insists that relations with His Majesty need to remain smooth for the time being. He has promised to make sure the offenders will be tried and punished accordingly.
Legionary tribunal will be enough!
This is beyond your little cult.
It's not like there are any impartial courts in Romania anyway.
Codreanu Stands by his Men
Unwilling to be humiliated by the king, the Captain refused to apologise, standing by his men's actions against Madame Lupescu. For now, the crisis continues, threatening stability and the fragile alliance between Legionaries and Royalists.
It is our duty to tell the truth, even if the king does not like it.
Suppress their publications.
Codreanu Faces Criticism from his Own
While the Captain appears to be the all-powerful leader of the Iron Guard, there have been whispers among Legionaries about his submissive response to the Lupescu affair. While the Legion is highly-disciplined and the cult of personality centred around Codreanu is strong, the Captain's recent actions have shaken this once-absolute confidence. Regardless, Codreanu is adamant that this was the right course of action and that the alliance of convenience with the king is still necessary.
We can never achieve Greater Romania if we keep bickering about some Jewish whore.
Is it traitors I hear?
Let them bicker.
Battle of the Wills
The crisis between King Carol II and Captain Codreanu has reached breaking point as it has spilled over into parliament. In the struggle between the two leaders over the Lupescu smear campaign, Carol finally threatened to sack Codreanu and replace him, prompting the Captain to finally give in to the king's demands. However, the damage has already been done, and both men claim victory over the other, for Codreanu was forced to stand down, but not without a fight for his men.
Codreanu has to give in, for the sake of the nation.
Pushing it further would just make the king look foolish.
Danube is Ours Again
Despite the Treaty of Bucharest supposedly ensuring free access to the Black Sea, much of our economy has been strangled by Bulgarian control of the Danubian Delta, as the river is perhaps our most important trade route. Now that the southern enemy has been vanquished once more we can finally use the river to its full capability for moving goods and supplies without any Bulgarian involvement. We shall no longer be bound by the tyrannical Treaty in this matter. The Delta is rightful part of Romania, now and forever!
We shall never lose it again.
Transylvania or War
The devious Romanians, having spent the last few years flagrantly ignoring the relatively-mild Treaty of Bucharest, have finally made the final step in their renewed treachery: an ultimatum. Romania has officially renewed their claims on the \
Cede them those accursed mountains.
Over our dead body.
Transylvania Revolts
Our many operations across the Carpathians have borne fruit. With the Romanian National Party in Hungary in support and our arms having reached the right hands, Transylvania is in open revolt against their oppressors. The Carpathian passes are completely open to our troops and we will link up with friendly volunteers as we begin the final liberation of the Romanian nation.
To Arms!
Carpathian Military Plans
Our secret reconnaissance missions across the Carpathians have been instrumental to the general staff, who have been planning the invasion for a long time. Our scouts have been able to create accurate and up-to-date maps of the area, including the enemy's presence, which will help commanders on the field navigate the treacherous terrain. Collaborators have already been contacted and allies within Transylvania are already monitoring enemy troop movements. These factors have led to detailed plans being ready for the invasion and will give us an immeasurable advantage in the coming months.
It is good to be prepared.
War for Transylvania
The final rectification of the humiliating Treaty of Bucharest is upon us. It is up to us to liberate Transylvania from oppression and bring back fellow Romanians back into the fold.
We shall never surrender!
Transylvanian Militia Disbanded
Our troops have triumphed over the enemy and secured our claims across the Carpathians. With Transylvania secured, local militia units can be safely disbanded and these young patriots can return home, where they will be needed to rouse support for Greater Romania.
Until the duty calls again, sons of Romania.
Transylvania Revolts!
The Romanians of eastern Hungary, clearly funded by the radical nationalists in Bucharest and their pathetic playboy king, have taken up arms against our rule. Delegates of the Romanian National Party, despite having previously claimed to only wish for autonomy, have finally revealed their treachery in a call to arms against the Monarchy. They formed the National Assembly of Romanians of Transylvania and Hungary in Gyulafehérvár and unanimously declared \
Those damned Romanians.
Forming Mota-Marin Legionary Corps
With Spain tearing itself apart in a bloody civil war comes an opportunity. The Carlist movement in Spain is seen as ideological allies to the Legion of Archangel Michael and a number of Legionaries have volunteered to fight for their similar cause. Ion Mota and Vasile Marin are high-ranking members of the Legion and have already began preparations for the Corps, ready to be used under the leadership of Alexandru Cantacuzino, the \
Dispatch Cantacuzino and his corps to Spain.
As if we do not have enough enemies at home.
Once he returns, we can integrate his veterans into our army.
Forming Mota-Marin Legionary Corps
With the Italian Civil War heating up again comes an opportunity. [ITA_GetNatPopLeader]'s ANI is seen as an ideological ally to the Legion of Archangel Michael and a number of Legionaries have volunteered to fight for their similar cause. Ion Mota and Vasile Marin are high-ranking members of the Legion and have already begun preparations for the Corps, while Codreanu wants Alexandru Cantacuzino, the \
Dispatch Cantacuzino and his corps to Italy.
As if we do not have enough enemies at home.
Green Prince Returns Home
The Mota-Marin Legionary Corps has returned home to Bucharest with a hero's welcome. Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino marches at the head of the Corps in triumph. The Green Prince brings back not only glory, but precious experience for the Legion, having secured an ideological ally on the continent.
We welcome them back with open arms.
Romanian Volunteer Division Arrives
The Mota-Marin Legionary Corps has arrived, a gift from Romania's prime minister \
We are eternally grateful for the Captain.
Romanian Volunteers Leave
With our victory in the Civil War, the Mota-Marin Legionary Corps is ready to return home to Romania, having gained valuable experience in warfare and combat leadership. Their assistance will not be forgotten and we hope to see a friendly Romanian state triumph in her own future endeavours.
We will miss them.
Increase in Separatist Activity
It has came into our attention that Romanian government has started discreetly supplying Transylvanian separatists movements with arms and funding. While the Legionary government officially denies this, it is no surprise: their propaganda has called for conquest of Transylvania for years now. Our border guards and the police are well-equipped to handle these recent events, but we should be wary nonetheless. The madmen behind the Carpathians are surely plotting for our demise.
We must keep an eye on this.
§RResistance is enabled in Transylvania.§!
Arms Smuggling in Transylvania
We have captured a shipment of old Romanian rifles, smuggled into the country through distant Carpathian passes. Even though we have tightened the border controls, some shipments are bound to get through due to the disloyalty of the Transylvanian population. There's already numerous separatists active in the region, organising what can only be an armed revolt.
Crack down on these criminals!
Unrest in Transylvania
For several decades, the Romanian population of eastern Hungary has been unhappy with our rule. As the principalities of Wallachia and Moldavia united and secured their place as an independent state in the Balkans, many Transylvanians believe that their region is destined to be united with their brethren across the Carpathians regardless of our just, ancient historical claims over the region. During the Weltkrieg, Romania even attempted to take Transylvania by force, taking advantage of our weakness as we fought off the endless Russian hordes. Their defeat in the war has done little to weaken Romanian nationalism in the region.\n\nDespite the restrictions of the Treaty of Bucharest, the hostile regime in Bucharest has recently resumed propaganda efforts against us. Decrying our rule as tyrannical and oppressive, recent unrest in the cities of Arad, Kolozsvár and Nagyszeben have led to increased passive resistance against authorities. So far, the investigation has only found only ties with activists of the Romanian National Party (PNR), a legal party representing Romanian interests in Hungary, and not the hostile government in Bucharest. PNR leaders maintain that they wish to secure the autonomy of Transylvania and other Romanian-majority areas rather than separatism, claiming that they have no ties with the undemocratic regime in Bucharest.
The gendarmerie will handle it.
Iron Guard of Transylvania
The Legion of Archangel Michael, also known as the Iron Guard, is the ruling political movement in Romania. Its leader, \
Suppressing them won't do any good.
We should keep an eye on them.
Terrorism in Transylvania
Unrest in Transylvania has escalated further as a number of railway lines were bombed last night. The coordination behind the attacks is far too great to be the job of mere amateur anarchists. This is clearly the work of highly organised and equipped terrorists and foreign spies aiming to sabotage our infrastructure. We can only guess that Bucharest's Iron Guard is behind the attacks, but they are apparently denying involvement after the ambassador protested. We will have to increase our military presence in Transylvania as the situation continues to escalate.
Sabotage?!
Carpathian Garrisons Hit!
Tensions in Transylvania have reached a new height as garrisons were attacked by bold Romanian terrorists, leading to several casualties on both sides. Some of the terrorist casualties have been identified as Austro-Hungarian citizens, while others remain unidentifiable by our authorities, with suspicions falling on Bucharest. The Romanian government, however, remains uncooperative about the incident, leading to a further rise in tension between our countries. What is certain is that war is coming sooner than we'd like and the Romanians will need to be taught another lesson.
Do they need the Serbia treatment?!
Strikes Against Air Bases!
Bucharest-sponsored terrorists have set their sights on a new target: Recently-built air bases. The attack involved the destruction of a hangar before the assault were repelled. While Romania's involvement is obvious, it remains merely an allegation as Bucharest continues to deny involvement to our ambassador. Besides, the value of the bases are clear from a strategic point of view that amateur terrorists would be unlikely to identify on their own. It is fairly clear that the Romanians are getting ready for a fight while we are distracted with other matters.
We will punish them sooner or later.
The Great Union Is Achieved
The Great Union was the dream that the last remaining Romanian principality, Transylvania, would finally be united with Romania. It is no longer a dream, but a reality achieved with the blood of Romanian patriots. Soldiers are triumphantly marching through Transylvanian cities, cheered on by liberated Romanians, and there is no question among the international community as to who rightfully owns the region. With the king signing the triumphant decree, the dream of Great Union is reality.\n\n\
But who will get the spoils?
King Forces through His Reform
With a strong presence in the Senate, supporters of Carol II are pushing legislation favourable to the royalists' reforms. The Legion, controlling the lower house of Parliament, is currently blocking the proposal. In order to avoid parliamentary deadlock, the Carlists are proposing a compromise, but it would still be a wrench in the Legion's land reform plan. Either we allow the royalists a victory and save our efforts for a more important battle, use Codreanu's powers to outright block their proposal, or maintain an obstructionist approach in Parliament.
Give in to Carlist pressure.
Codreanu blocks the reform.
We shall never compromise!
Iron Guard Forces through Their Reform
As Codreanu's Legion controls the lower house of Parliament, they have significant room to manoeuvrer in the legislative process. As such, Codreanu is using this fact as a tool to push his land reform legislation through despite our best efforts to control it. Supporters of the king, however, are numerous in the Senate, giving them the opportunity to use obstructionist means to slowly kill the legislation. On the other hand, we could let the Iron Guard win this round and save our breath for another, more important, battle. Otherwise, the king's extensive powers could be used to outright kill the law there and now, although the Legion is unlikely to take such a forceful response very well.
Give in to the Legion.
The king blocks the reform.
No compromise!
Ties with Stelescu
A man claiming to work in the king's name arranged a clandestine meeting with Mihai Stelescu, approaching the young Legionnaire with an offer of support. The king would gladly support his ambitions against Codreanu, Stelescu was told. And so the deal was struck, one that might eventually bring down Codreanu's cult of personality.
Fund him discreetly.
Speak openly for him.
Mihai Stelescu
The youngest member of the Romanian parliament and a staunch supporter of the Legionary movement, Mihai Stelescu, had quickly risen in the ranks of the movement. He was in many ways the very example of the Legionary his Captain desired: radical, bold and staunchly nationalistic. However, he had gathered his share of enemies during his fast promotion through the ranks of the Guard into becoming one of Codreanu's lieutenants. As such many within the Legion are at least suspicious of the young leader, and some even doubt his loyalty to the Captain. Regardless, the whispers are enough to have gotten the attention of Royalist agents who are more than eager to exploit any cracks in the seemingly-monolithic Iron Guard.
Cursed non-conformists.
Perhaps we should send this man King's regards.
Rise of the White Eagles
Mihai Stelescu had only risen to prominence some years ago, but the young, shining star of the Legion had quickly gathered his own cult following among the movement. It is not clear whether it is from envy, ambition or idealism, but the young man and his followers have broken off from the main Legionary Movement in a very high-profile event. Stelescu has announced his plans of founding a movement of his own he calls Vulturii Albi, the White Eagles.\n\nStelescu's splinter movement, while still very nationalist and radical, calls for social reforms such as 8-hour work day and decent minimum wages. These ideas have brought many to question the group's true colours, and many prominent Legionnaires are openly accusing Stelescu for being a lapdog for international Jewish-Socialist conspiracy. The White Eagles in turn have criticised the main movement harshly of betraying the working class Romanians.\n\nStelescu's splinter movement is already being branded apostates by many prominent Legionnaires, and the Captain needs to decide soon how to deal with the crisis within the movement.
Apostates deserve only bullets.
Stelescu does make some interesting points.
Now is the chance to strike.
Stelescu found dead
Mihai Stelescu, an apostate to the Legion, was ambushed and killed by the Decemviri, a Legionnaire death squad. The traitor's body was found mutilated and riddled with over 100 bullets. Many of those who had dared to follow Stelescu's movement were murdered or forced to run.\n\nEven though men of the death squad were promptly imprisoned, it is clear who stands victorious. The Captain awarded the assassins with the White Cross quickly after the event.
We must get to the bottom of this
Investigation leads to King Carol
Unsurprisingly, investigation on the Stelescu Affair has led to one man: King Carol himself. The Legion now has solid proof that the king tried to sow dissent within the Legion by encouraging and directly supporting Stelescu's apostasy, giving them ample reason to finally move against Carol once and for all. Regardless, the king's reputation is tarnished after being caught red-handed.
His reputation is ruined!
We must root out this conspiracy once and for all.
Fate of the King
After the humiliation from the Stelescu Affair, the Legion and their supporters began actively calling for the abdication of the king. As crowds gathered in front of the Royal Palace to demonstrate, Codreanu ordered Carol's arrest. Neither King Carol nor his guards resisted as the Iron Guard took over the palace. It is now time to decide the king's fate.\n\nOn one hand, the king's weakened position could be advantageous. Keeping him under house arrest after transferring his powers to Codreanu would ensure that he would only have to deal with a feeble, familiar threat that he can easily be rid of should the need arise. Otherwise, Carol should be forced to abdicate, leaving his place to the young Crown Prince Mihai. Queen Helen, the mother of Mihai snubbed by Carol, is particularly supportive of the second option, which could help us form a better relationship with the royal family.
Put him in house arrest.
He has to give up the crown.
§RThis might give the king a chance to organise a coup d'état.§!
Mihai I is Crowned King
After Carol II, the Romanian kingship passes to his son, Mihai. In a ceremony at the Patriarchal Cathedral in Bucharest, the young King was crowned with the Steel Crown and anointed by the Patriarch of the Romanian Orthodox Church. While the king retains significant powers, Mihai Is a figurehead largely sidelined by the Prime Minister, and there is little reason for this to change anytime soon.
Hopefully he is easier to control.
Military Launches a Coup
Despite being under house arrest, King Carol has managed to maintain contact with royalist elements throughout the country. Seeing an opportunity to strike, army officers loyal to the king launched a military coup against the government. Despite having remained neutral throughout the conflict between Carol and Codreanu, it appears that with Codreanu having tipped the balance too far in his favour, the rest of the army now has to decide whether to support the king and their fellow officers or the Prime Minister and the Iron Guard.
After Codreanu called publicly for his abdication, King Carol made it clear he had no idea of stepping down. Seeing an opportunity to strike, army officers loyal to the king launched a military coup against the government. Despite having remained neutral throughout the conflict between Carol and Codreanu, it appears that with Codreanu having tipped the balance too far in his favour, the rest of the army now has to decide whether to support the king and their fellow officers or the prime minister and the Iron Guard.
The army sides with the putschist officers.
The coup collapses as the army refuses to act.
The coup is quick and successful.
The coup is successful, even though the situation devolves into bloody fighting in some parts of Bucharest.
The coup devolves into bloody fighting until the army units finally break through the Legionary strongholds.
Army Restores Carol II
As the dust settles and the army secures control of Bucharest, having arrested Codreanu and a number of his lieutenants, the king is escorted out of the Royal Palace. General Paul Teodorescu addresses the gathered crowd and soldiers in front of the palace, declaring Codreanu's government deposed and the restoration of the king's prerogatives. The declaration is followed by a speech by Carol, announcing the beginning of Romania's Renaissance along with a new government to replace Codreanu's. Royalists celebrate their victory while the scattered Iron Guard attempt to resist the coup from the countryside.
Long Live the king!
Wrath of the King Scorned
As the scattered, headless Iron Guard struggles to fight back, Royalist forces begin to mop up their remnants. King Carol, feeling his rule secure, ponders about the fate of the high-ranking Legionaries that were arrested during the coup. His Majesty himself is quite convinced that they should be shot as soon as possible, and plenty of members of his Camarilla are in agreement, but others are considering the propaganda value of sparing their lives, keeping them jailed instead. On one hand, purging them once and for all would ensure that they will no longer plot against Him and His wrath will be known throughout Romania. On the other, appealing to the king's kindness will secure a good image for Carol and ensure that moderate politicians will more eagerly serve him once more.
Shoot the Legionaries as traitors.
Let them rot in prison.
The King's Flight
With the Royalist coup collapsing, King Carol officially abdicated as King of Romania. During the confusion, the former King and his entourage fled the city to avoid reprisals, likely off to exile in Algeria or Portugal. While the Iron Guard has been unable to catch him, he will finally no longer be a threat to our rule.
After King Carol's formal abdication he announced his plans of travelling away from Romania, likely off to exile in Algeria or Portugal. Even though he is not legally obliged to flee, Codreanu and his lackeys would not like having the king around and have for all intents and purposes pressured Carol to escape, leaving the country in his son's hands.
Algiers is too good for him.
Algiers is too good for him.
King Mihai Intervenes
It has become increasingly clear to all Romanians that the situation has grown completely out of control. What was once a stiff, yet subdued, rivalry between two prominent leaders has become a complete mess of open fighting between paramilitaries, countless assassination attempts, and outright terrorism. The young King Mihai has finally decided to intervene directly, a surprise as it has been assumed that he would remain a sideline figurehead. His advisors, however, are divided on what course of action to take. Mihai could either dismiss the government after their abject failure to keep the situation under control, or put his weight behind the Legion and help them retake control.
Dismiss the government!
The Legion will handle it
King Mihai Assumes Control
Unwilling to support the Legion any longer, finding them absolutely abhorrent, the young King has decided to take matters into his own hands and dismissed the government. With the Army behind him, the king declared a state of emergency, with martial law coming into effect immediately. With affairs of state effectively under the king's command, time will tell if the military can sweep away the chaos and restore order.
Long live the king!
Mihai's Eighteenth Birthday
Today, on the twenty-fifth of October 1939, the Royal Court is in a celebratory mood, as Crown Prince Mihai has turned 18, attaining the age of majority.\n\nCelebrations were kept private, at the request of King Carol, even though Prime Minister [GetSecondInCommand] formally congratulated the young Crown Prince in the name of the government, and presented him with presents befitting his status, specifically two wonderful jade carvings. Another notable gift, but far from the last received, the young prince received are a powerful Mercedes racing car, which the young prince graciously accepted.\n\nCrown Prince Mihai was also granted a seat in the Senate, as he is entitled to one according to the Constitution, further increasing his responsibilities within the State, and continuing his vigorous preparation for Kingship under his father's instruction. Next year, he is set to formally graduate and take the Baccalaureate exam with his special \
Today, on the twenty-fifth of October 1939, celebrations sweep the nation, as His Majesty Mihai I has turned 18, attaining the age of majority.\n\nPrime Minister [GetSecondInCommand] formally congratulated the young King in the name of the government, and presented him with presents befitting his status, specifically two wonderful jade carvings. Another notable gift, but far from the last received, the young king received are a powerful Mercedes racing car, which he graciously accepted. At the end of the day, a palace ball was held in honour of the young sovereign.\n\nA ceremony at the Royal Palace has been held, formally ending the Regency and ceding power to the now-adult King, who is set to continue his education under his father's instruction. Next year, he is set to formally graduate and take the Baccalaureate exam with his special \
Today, on the twenty-fifth of October 1939, the nation is feeling hopeful, as His Majesty Mihai I has turned 18, attaining the age of majority.\n\nPrime Minister [GetSecondInCommand] formally congratulated the young King in the name of the government, and presented him with presents befitting his status, specifically two wonderful jade carvings. Another notable gift, but far from the last received, the young king received are a powerful Mercedes racing car, which the he graciously accepted. At the end of the day, a palace ball was held in honour of the young sovereign, albeit more subdued due to the former King's early death still looming large over the Court and the nation.\n\nA ceremony at the Royal Palace has been held, formally ending the Regency and ceding power to the now-adult King, who is set to continue his education under his tutors. Next year, he is set to formally graduate and take the Baccalaureate exam with his special \
Today, on the twenty-fifth of October 1939, the Royal Court is in a celebratory mood, as Prince Mihai, the heir presumptive, has turned 18, attaining the age of majority.\n\nCelebrations were kept private, at the request of King Nicolae, even though Prime Minister [GetSecondInCommand] formally congratulated the young Crown Prince in the name of the government, and presented him with presents befitting his status, specifically two wonderful jade carvings. Another notable gift, but far from the last received, the young prince received are a powerful Mercedes racing car, which the young prince graciously accepted.\n\nBefitting his quality as heir presumptive, Mihai was also granted a seat in the Senate, as he is entitled to one according to the Constitution, further increasing his responsibilities within the State. His position is less secure owing to the fact that Nicolae and his wife still can have children, however their odd and continuing his vigorous preparation for Kingship under his father's instruction. Next year, he is set to formally graduate and take the Baccalaureate exam with his special \
Happy birthday, Your Highness.
Happy birthday, Your Majesty.
and his father, the former King, Carol II, allowed by his brother to at least do this service for Mihai.
an occasion marked by the glaring absence of the deceased King Carol II, which Nicolae has refused to comment on.
King Dismisses the Government
After an inflammatory speech in the Chamber of Deputies against Codreanu, Stelescu presented numerous allegations against the Captain by submitting facsimiles of Codreanu's civil registry papers. Stelescu's allegations range from accusing the Captain of homosexuality and being directly sponsored by Romania's highest-ranking Freemason.\n\nWhile the Legion insists that Stelescu's allegations are utterly insane, King Carol saw the opportunity given and took it by dismissing Codreanu and his cabinet. Claiming that the Legion was no longer fit to govern or represent the people, the king appointed a new government led by Armand Călinescu.\n\nCodreanu and the Iron Guard are outraged. While we don't truly have a legal reason to, we do have a chance to arrest Codreanu and his thugs while they are vulnerable.
We will merely dismiss them for now.
Arrest them!
The Captain's Wrath
Corneliu Codreanu has certainly not taken his dismissal meekly. Angry, fiery speech after fiery speech has driven the Iron Guard into a frenzy. Arresting the former Prime Minister appeared to have done little to stop the demagogue from spreading his venom against the \
Military will handle it.
It is time: assassinate Codreanu!
Outlaw the Legion and arrest them.
The March on Bucharest
With the military and police unable to control the unrest, the Legion has gathered a large force outside Bucharest. Hoping to intimidate the government and security forces, the Iron Guard is now marching onto the capital with Corneliu Codreanu at its head. The Legion has gathered thousands of greenshirt-clad members along with a number of supporters. Some of them are armed, though we have no idea how many. The Army has been ordered to stop their march, but there is doubt that they are willing to open fire on the crowd without provocation. It may not be too late to give concessions to appease the Legion so that they will hopefully stand down.
Hold fire unless they shoot first.
Try to appease the Legion with concessions.
Open fire, and don't miss the Captain!
§RMany officers fear that an order to shoot at the Legionaries would not be taken well among the Legion-supporting soldiers.§!
Codreanu Assassinated
With growing unrest in the countryside, there were rumours a few days ago that the leader of the Iron Guard had gone missing while touring the suburbs of Bucharest to rally support. Today, it was announced that Corneliu Zelea Codreanu was shot while trying to escape custody in Tancabesti near the capital. Their leader's death was confirmed by Codreanu's surviving lieutenants, vowing to avenge him and continue his work.\n\nIt will only be discovered later that he had been dragged by Gendarmes to Jilava Prison and executed there.
Goodbye!
Violent Clashes in Bucharest
When the Legionary marchers met the army, there was a brief stand-off until a rifle shot was heard. What followed can only be described as a battle. Armed Greenshirts exchanged fire with soldiers, with both marchers and onlookers stuck in the crossfire. While the Legion's march was crushed and dispersed, it was at the cost of many innocent lives.\n\nThe March on Bucharest will look bad on everyone involved as security forces clear the damage.
These Legionaries are crazy...
Legionaries Withdraw
When the Legionary marchers met the army, there was a long, silent stand-off. Soldiers shouldered their rifles, their officers at the ready to give the order, while marchers, waving the Romanian and Legionary colours, stood their ground. Armed Greenshirts were ready to defend the marchers if shots were fired.\n\nNo shots came, however. The army was unwilling to open fire on the crowds, but neither were the Greenshirts. To Codreanu's dismay, as he stood in front of the marchers, his bold march received little attention from the city's residents. The Captain needed either to have intimidated the government or army to turn on the king, or for the March to have instigated a popular demonstration. Abandoned by the city's inhabitants and either unwilling or unable to order his men to attack, the Captain gave the order to withdraw.\n\nA bloodbath was narrowly avoided.
What cowards!
The Army Stands Down
When the Legionary marchers met the army, there was a long, silent stand-off. They stood their ground, waving the national and Legionary colours as the soldiers shouldered their rifles. The brief, yet anxious silence was only broken by the officer's order to fire.\n\nBut nothing happened. The soldiers stared at the marchers through their sights, most of them clearly unarmed. In the end, the rifles were put down and the troops crossed over to the other side, cheered.\n\nThe Army had mutinied and sided with the Iron Guard. The king had been abandoned.
Traitors!
Massacre in Bucharest
When the Legionary marchers met the army, there was a long, silent stand-off. They stood their ground, waving the national and Legionary colours as the soldiers shouldered their rifles. The brief, yet anxious silence was only broken by the officer's order to fire.\n\nWhat followed was a complete massacre. Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, at the head of the March, was one of the first to fall, followed by numerous Legionaries and their supporters. While armed Greenshirts immediately returned fire, it was largely fruitless and either fell to the bloodbath or fled.\n\nThe king now appears unopposed, but the Massacre will long be remembered.
Good riddance!
Codreanu's Return
With the Army on his side, Codreanu marched onto the Royal Palace. King Carol's abdication was quickly declared as he fled the country, his appointed government resigning at the sight of the marching Legionaries. Crown Prince Mihai was soon declared to have succeeded his father as King of Romania.\n\nCodreanu stands triumphant, with his rival defeated. However, the ground he stands on is shaky at best as the nation remains highly fractured and unstable.
Long live the King!
The Assassination of King Carol II
When their founder was killed, the Legion vowed to avenge him, and they have succeeded. Driving through Bucharest in a luxury automobile, King Carol was ambushed by a Legionary death squad and shot several times, killing him and the other occupants. The assassins, calling themselves the \
After being sidelined from power, the Legion vowed vengeance, and they have succeeded. Driving through Bucharest in a luxury automobile, King Carol was ambushed by a Legionary death squad and shot several times, killing him and the other occupants. The assassins, calling themselves the \
Long may he reign.
Avengers' Coup
While the feud between Carol and Codreanu only ended with their deaths, the remnants of the Iron Guard were quick to take advantage of the instability caused by the assassins. Armed Greenshirts have stormed Parliament and numerous strategic points in Bucharest while the Royal Palace is under siege. The Army stationed in and around the city are already on the move, and they will likely decide the fate of the Legion's last ditch attempt to secure the nation.
After the feud between Carol and Codreanu only ended with King's death, the Captain of the Iron Guard was quick to take advantage of the instability caused by the assassins. Armed Greenshirts have stormed Parliament and numerous strategic points in Bucharest while the Royal Palace is under siege. The Army stationed in and around the city are already on the move, and they will likely decide the fate of the Legion's last ditch attempt to secure the nation.
Back to Bucharest
The Army Arrives
While the Army has largely been neutral in the feud between Carol and Codreanu, the two leaders could both count on numerous supporters within. It now has the key to Romania's future: Either help the Greenshirts retake control of the government, or scatter the putschists and side with the young King Mihai.
Help the Legionaries seize control.
We will never support Regicide!
Codreanu Returns to Power
As the Legion and Army restored order together, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu reassumed his position as Prime Minister. With Carol dead and Mihai unable to resist, a new question arises: The Fate of the Avengers.\n\nFor many young Legionaries, they are nothing short of heroes, having defended the honour of their Captain by eliminating his greatest threat. On the other hand, the Legion has always been proudly monarchist despite the hostile King; to many of the old guard, there are few crimes greater than regicide. Outside of the movement, moderate politicians and civil servants are terrified that a new precedent has been set, that no target is sacred to the Iron Guard. While Codreanu is uncomfortable about punishing those that only acted in the Legion's best interest and were instrumental in his restoration, the crime of regicide is indeed great and punishing them would alleviate fears among Romanians.
Punish the assassins
They're the heroes of the nation
Question of Leadership
As the Legion and Army restored order together, the question in every Legionary's mind lingered: Who would succeed their great Captain and take his place as Prime Minister?\n\nHoria Sima and Ion Mota stand as the most logical choice to continue Codreanu's work, as they were the lieutenants closest to the Captain in terms of ideals and spirit. Either of them would essentially maintain course. Alternatively, one could look to the \
Someone like Codreanu
We need something more radical!
Martial Law Declared
As the Army mopped up the desperate remnants of the Iron Guard, King Mihai stepped in to fill the void, declaring a state of emergency and martial law until order could finally be properly restored. With the Carlist and Legionary forces completely spent from their power struggle, only the Army and the young King Mihai are left standing to pick up the pieces.
The army will fix this insanity!
King Empowers the Senate
As he continues to rule by decree in the state of emergency, the young King Mihai has ceded some of his wide powers to the Senate, Parliament's upper house, as one of the first major moves away from the royal dictatorship. This is highly welcomed by the old political elite of the country, as they are finally guaranteed a voice in government once more despite the continued crisis.
It's for the best.
The Dust Settles
The crisis is finally over; the government has restored order seemingly once and for all. While the nation's future is still clouded in doubt, the way forwards is becoming increasingly clear and a sense of normalcy slowly returns. Time will tell what the future holds for Romania.
Brave New Country...
Formation of the National Peasants' Party
The integration of Transylvania has brought significant changes in the political makeup of the nation. The region's dominant party for decades has been the Romanian National Party (PNR), which fought hard against Magyarisation and has been instrumental in the final unification of all Romanian lands. While their hold of Transylvanian politics is near-absolute, they have been detached from pre-unification Romanian politics and have no presence in the rest of the country. To rectify this, they have approached the Peasants' Party (PT) of Ion Mihalache not only to form a coalition against the Legionaries and National Liberals, but to unify the two parties altogether.\n\nAfter long negotiations, the PNR and the PT have agreed to merge into a single party, the National Peasants Party (PNŢ), creating a formidable political bloc that could prevent the return of either the Legion or the National Liberals. The leadership of the PNŢ are now deciding on who will lead the unified party.\n\nVirgil Madgearu has been the Peasants' Party's main ideologue for most of its existence and has been an outspoken critic of both National Liberal and Legionary political monopolies. Representing the left-wing, his platform is centred around the \
Virgil Madgearu leads the new party.
Iuliu Maniu is elected chairman.
Alexandru Vaida-Voevod will lead.
[GetYear] General Election
With the dust settled, King Mihai's military government have made true to their promises and organised the country's first free election in some years. While many fear the return of the Legion into power, the National Liberal Party (PNL) has enthusiastically campaigned as Romania's only hope to secure democracy once more. Constantin Angelescu is currently leading the party, focusing on a programme of economic development and self-reliance, and securing the democratisation of the country.\n\nOn the far-right, the Legion of Archangel Michael, commonly known as the Iron Guard, gather their strength one more time despite their recent troubles. Should they succeed, they would gain a popular mandate that may just put life back into their movement. Failure, however, will likely mean the collapse of the movement altogether.\n\n[ROM_PNT_electoral_status]
The PNL triumphantly returns!
The Legion secures Parliament once more!
The PNŢ win the election!
[GetYear] General Election
With democracy secured in Romania, the people go to the polls once more to elect members of both Chamber of Deputies and Senate. The National Liberal Party (PNL) remains on the forefront of Romanian democracy as the Iron Guard has fallen into irrelevance. Their programme has changed little since the previous election, exalting the cementing of democratic traditions and the country's progress in economic development.\n\n[ROM_PNT_electoral_status]
The PNL are elected.
The PNŢ win the election.
Gheorghe Brătianu and Factionalism
Ever since the National Liberal Party failed to keep the Legion from gaining power in the country, the party has been struggling with factionalism. While the PNL has largely remained united while Legionnaires roamed the streets, the question of the Brătianu family is threatening to bring dissidence within the party onto the fore.\n\nThe two cousins, Dinu and Gheorghe Brătianu, have been active in the PNL's reconstruction and electoral victory. However, in order to avoid controversy, as the PNL has long been accused of being monopolised by the Brătianu family, they have been largely relegated to minor positions despite their unwavering support of the party. While Dinu is largely remaining quiet over the issue, Gheorghe has become increasingly agitated over it and has been rallying other dissidents within the party behind him. The party leadership has been pressured into making a formal decision on the matter: Either give the Brătianu scions a position worthy of their contributions to the party, or continue to keep them in lower positions.
For the PNL's image, they must keep a low profile.
For party unity, give them what they want.
Gheorghe Brătianu Splits
Gheorghe Brătianu, tired of being kept away from the party leadership, has officially left the PNL with a small number of dissidents to form his own party. Thankfully, damage has been fairly limited and the press has been very critical of Brătianu's actions, some even praising our commitment to the party's new image. In the end, the PNL will likely recover from the split relatively quickly.
They'll be back soon enough.
Criticism in the Chamber of Deputies
A Peasant deputy from Moldavia gave a stirring speech in Parliament against the recent appointments of Dinu and Gheorghe Brătianu. He was quick to remind other deputies of the PNL's history with the Brătianu family, calling the party a shameless oligarchy monopolised by the \
This will pass, as it always has.
Romania Asks to Rejoin the Entente
When Austria-Hungary seemed to be on the brink of defeat, Romania declared war on them in 1916, joining our righteous cause against the Central Powers. However, the Romanians were pushed back and defeated, resulting in the humiliating Treaty of Bucharest.\n\nIt has been around twenty years, and the Romanians have been able to overthrow their Germanic oppressors and liberate their brethren across the Carpathians. Now that they have successfully reclaimed their right as a nation, they are officially asking to rejoin the Entente and support us in our righteous endeavour.
We are brothers in arms.
Did they learn anything from the last time?
Romania Rejoins the Entente
Unsurprisingly, the Entente has accepted our request. We are now once again part of the Entente, arm-in-arm with the true governments of France and Britain, Romania's true allies and friends.
Naturally.
The Entente Has Denied Us!
The Entente has refused our offer to renew our military alliance with them. We can only guess their motives for their betrayal, but it appears our nation will have to look elsewhere, or inward, for support.
Well, we don't need them either!
Romania Abandons our Faction
Having achieved their irredentist goals, Romania has decided to terminate their military alliance with them. While annoying, this was largely expected, and Romania may have become a useless burden in the future otherwise.
Too bad.
Food Exports from Romania
Romania, like most of Europe outside of the Syndicalist nations, has been significantly hit by the economic crisis caused by Black Monday. In order to alleviate the situation, the Romanian representative in Russia has approached us to negotiate a new trade treaty. This would mean giving them preferential tariffs for their agricultural goods and oil, and vice-versa for our finished industrial goods.
Oil from Romania
Romania, like most of Europe outside of the Syndicalist nations, has been significantly hit by the economic crisis caused by Black Monday. In order to alleviate the situation, the Romanian representative in Algiers approached us to negotiate a new trade treaty. This treaty would ensure a steady supply of much-needed oil for us at a reasonable price along with preferential tariffs between our nations.
Expanded Trade with Romania
Romania has always been a significant trade partner to our country and the economic crisis has affected both countries sharply. The Romanian representative in Athens approached us with a new trade deal that would ensure low tariffs between our nations. This gathered mixed responses, for some experts believe that trade must be maintained at all costs for our economy to recover, and low tariffs would ensure this, while others worry that our weakened economy will be unable to compete with cheap imports from Romania.
Expanded Trade with Romania
Romania is one of our principal trading partners and the recent economic turmoil has hit them significantly. Not only that, but their resistance to German economic hegemony has led to sanctions from the latter, which has only harmed them further. As such, the Romanian government has offered to deepen trade ties in order to further distance itself from the German juggernaut. As natural allies against the hegemony of the former Central Powers, there are very few reasons to refuse the offer as we both stand to benefit from increased trade, although there is concern from our agricultural sector about increased competition and cheap imports.
More trade is always good.
[ROM_demand_better_terms_option]
The last thing we need now are cheap foreign imports.
We are a great power and we require better terms.
As a bigger partner, we should get more favourable terms.
Clearly, they can offer a better deal than that.
Tariff Agreement with [FROM.GetNameDef]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to a trade agreement with us. This will ensure that our agricultural exports have a market to reach, alleviating fears among Romanian farmers.
The true French government in Algiers was pleased with our offer and accepted. Our countries will now lower tariffs with each other, giving the French a nice bargain for future oil contracts.
The Greek government was pleased by our mutually-beneficial trade agreement and have accepted our offer. Low tariffs will ensure that we maintain a healthy trade relationship through this crisis.
The Serbian government happily agreed to our trade agreement offer. Low tariffs will ensure that our strong trade relationship endures despite the crisis and reduce our dependence on the Germanic-Bulgarian hegemony.
Good that they saw reason.
Algiers Walks Out
The [From.GetAdjective]s Walk Out
Annoyingly, but unsurprisingly, the Russians have refused our offer for a preferential tariff agreement. It appears that we will need to look elsewhere for our agricultural exports.
The French government-in-exile proved unwilling to listen to our trade agreement offer, seemingly having stuck their heads deep in the sand. We will have to look elsewhere for our exports.
The Greeks have proven to be completely unreasonable, refusing our offer for a new trade agreement outright. We will have to look elsewhere for trade partners.
To the shock of our diplomatic mission, the Serbs have refused our trade agreement offer. This doesn't bode well for Romanian-Serbian relations against Bulgarian regional hegemony.
[ROM_deal_refused_option]
You can never trust Moscow, after all.
We looked up to you, imbeciles!
That knife in my back hurts, Athens.
They will regret it when Austrian boots are back in Belgrade.
Russians Demand a Better Deal!
While the Russians haven't refused our offer, they made a counter-offer that would involve more concessions on our part. We never expected the Muscovites to negotiate in good faith, but this does push us against the wall as the economic crisis may force our hand.
French Counteroffer
The French government in Algiers made a counter-offer to our trade deal. Annoyingly, this new offer involves further concessions on our end. It is especially frustrating that the exiled French do not seem to have learned a lesson in humility in the past fifteen years or so, for their demands match their inflated, sunburnt ego.
Greek Demands
Athens was seemingly unimpressed by our offer for a renewed trade deal. Their counter-offer includes more concessions on our end, giving an unfair advantage for Greek goods.
Serbian Demands
The Serbian government seemed unimpressed by our offer, implying that we could offer better, citing the dangers of increased competition on their fragile economy. This would put us at a disadvantage against Serbian competition, though the tariffs would indeed be lowered.
We won't be bullied!
Alright, perhaps we can give them some concessions.
Romanians Accepted Our Proposition
Unwilling to gamble on their economy, the Romanians accepted our counter-offer, giving our goods an edge over the competition in their country and a much more favourable price tag for oil.
Unwilling to gamble on their economy, the Romanians accepted our counter-offer, giving our goods an edge over the competition in their country.
And they thought they could cheat on us.
The Romanians Walk Out
The Romanians refused our counter-offer and the deal fell through completely. This is no real loss to us, of course, but it will sour relations with Romania as they struggle to get their economy back on track.
The Romanians refused our counter-offer and the deal fell through completely. Of course, it is their own fault for disrespecting us, but it will sour relations with Romania as they struggle to get their economy back on track.
The Romanians refused our counter-offer and the deal fell through completely. This will sour relations between our two nations for the foreseeable future.
It's their loss.
Germany Declares Trade Sanctions
Following our nationalisation of the German-owned oil industries our relations with the Germans have been at the cracking point. Finally Berlin has announced very high tariffs on all Romanian goods entering Mitteleuropean markets, effectively shutting us off from their economic area. While this does give us the economic freedom we have been looking for, it is a horrible shock to our already strained exports industry. We have to find new markets quickly to save our economy.
We can go alone then!
[GetYear] General Election
Since the rise of the Legion of Archangel Michael, Romanian politics have been affected by widespread paramilitary violence. Supporters of the Legion, also known as the Iron Guard, often clash with the supporters of the king. Regardless of allegiance, paramilitaries regularly attack opposition politicians and businesses, with Jews often targeted. Despite the flagrant undemocratic programmes of the government, the Romanian Parliament has remained open, if only as a tool to maintain legitimacy and rubber-stamp policies.\n\nAs such, in this era of political violence and intimidation, general elections are coming up and the major paramilitaries are already planning to intimidate the opposition into submission or silence. Alternately, it may be wise, for the sake of the nation's stability, to hold them back during the voting process.
The Iron Guard successfully intimidates voters.
The Sentinel overpower the Guard in some districts.
Hold back the paramilitaries for a few days.
Death of Marshal Averescu
Marshal Alexandru Averescu, one of the two non-royals to have received a marshal's baton, passed away last night in his home at the age of 79. His military career has been illustrious: From a cavalry officer in the War of Independence, he was a Major General during the Second Balkan War and Divisional General when Romania declared war on the Central Powers. During the Weltkrieg, he proved highly competent, securing several victories during the defence of Romania from the invading Central Powers. Ambitious and bitter at the Treaty of Bucharest, he was one of the principal voices lionising the Romanian Army's conduct during the war and eagerly claiming that the country's politicians had stabbed them in the back by signing the treaty. While the main signatory of the treaty, Alexandru Marghiloman, would become quickly ostracised by the Nation, Averescu would be showered with praise, becoming Marshal of Romania in 1927. Regardless, Averescu was never able to capitalise on the unstable political situation in the country and would largely remain in the sidelines while Codreanu's Legion would rise to power, which he quietly supported during his own feud with the king.\n\nA state funeral with full military honours will be organised for him as the Romanian nation mourns one of its heroes that brightly shone during its darkest times.
The Motherland honours her defenders.
Death of Marshal Prezan
Earlier today, Marshal Constantin Prezan quietly passed away at his home in Schinetea, Moldavia. He is considered one of Romania's greatest military heroes in recent history, being one of the two non-royals to attain the rank of Marshal. A career officer, his outstanding service life began as a cadet in 1868, rising through the ranks as a skilled staff officer (something extremely valuable at the time) before further studying at the prestigious military academy at Saint-Cyr. He would become highly-distinguished during the Second Balkan War as a Brigadier General and he would be quickly promoted afterwards. By the time Romania declared war on the Central Powers, Prezan commanded the First Army, securing Romania's few offensive victories of the war. This success saw him further promoted to Chief of Staff after the fall of Bucharest, where he would organise Romania's successful defence of Moldavia from General Mackensen's combined Central Powers force. With the signing of the Treaty of Bucharest, Prezan opted to retire, remaining aloof from the unstable post-war situation. Nevertheless, his superb abilities were recognised despite the defeat and he would be honoured with a marshal's baton in 1930 while his advice was highly-sought, remaining a quiet privy councillor to the king.\n\nThe venerable marshal will receive a proper state funeral with full military honours expected of Romania's heroes. Marshal Prezan's protégé and chief of staff in the Weltkrieg, Ion Antonescu, eulogised him as a \
Romania will always remember her heroes.
Romania demands Bucovina
Today a message has been delivered to us by way of the Romanian embassy, with the dignitaries looking very serious as they delivered it. Upon further examination, it was an ultimatum: Romania demands the restitution of the lands of Bucovina, which it claims is a vital part of its own history that was unlawfully ceded centuries ago, and now the time has come to reintegrate it within the fold; and should we refuse, Romania is ready to back this demand up by force of arms. A possible war hangs in the balance, over a piece of land that may not even be that valuable to us in the first place. How should we respond?
Never!
Acquiesce, and hand it over.
[From.GetNameDefCap] gives into our demands
[From.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to the cession of Bucovina, and celebrations have broken out in our nation at the news that the lands of Bucovina up to the Ceremus, home to Stephen the Great and so many greats, are finally coming home.
Another injustice corrected!
[From.GetNameDefCap] refuses to submit
[From.GetNameDefCap] has stubbornly refused to cede Bucovina! What drove them to do this is unknown, but what is certain is that this will lead to war. Our troops stand ready to begin the reclamation of the voivodal forests, and bring another core piece of our heritage home.
Moldova shall be whole again!
They saw right through our bluff.
Romania demands West Banat
Today, the Romanian embassy within our territory has sent a message to us, and its dignitaries looked very solemn as they carried out their duty. It was a message most dire about the status of the Western Banat: specifically, Romania argues that the Treaty of Bucharest in 1916 grants it a legitimate claim on the area, and as the Banat is one entity, it should belong to the Romanian nation. More disconcertingly, they mention this claim is legitimate enough to be backed by force of arms if necessary. As concerning as this message is, it is a small and relatively non-important piece of land: how shall we respond?
Tell them where the border is!
Hand it over, it's not worth fighting a war over this.
[From.GetName] submits!
[From.GetName] has agreed to cede the Western Banat, maintaining the unity of the region and ensuring the fulfilment of another provision of the Entente's promises with minimal bloodshed!
Rejoice!
[From.GetName] stands firm
[From.GetName] shocked us by not only refusing to cede the Western Banat, but also sending a very sharp-worded letter informing us of just where our borders are and of the exact value of our claim! While the news are unfortunate, they knew what they were getting into, and our troops stand ready, waiting for the order to strike.
It shall be war to the knife!
They saw right through our bluff.
Racovski Retires from PSR Leadership
Cristian Racovski, until now one of the leaders of the Romanian Syndicalist Party, announced his retirement at the party's Central Committee. His position on the committee and leader of the informal Vanguardist faction has been assumed by his protégé Gheorghe Gheorghiu.\n\nBorn in Bulgaria, he settled in Romania in 1904 after inheriting his father's estate. Already a committed revolutionary, he wrote for the socialist newspaper Romania Muncitoare and would be expelled from the country in 1907 for rebellious agitation, and again in 1911 after secretely returning to Bucharest. In exile, he remained dedicated to the socialist cause in Romania before becoming involved in the Russian Civil War as a diplomat for the Bolsheviks. When they were defeated, Racovski was one of many former Reds to find themselves in revolutionary Paris and would continue to represent the Romanian socialist movement abroad as a member of the Third Internationale.\n\nAfter decades of service, the old revolutionary has deemed it time to cede his place to the younger generation. Gheorghe Gheorghiu has taken his place as leader of the PSR's informal left-wing.
Welcome, Comrade Gheorghiu!
These socialists are irrelevant.
Transylvanian militia stand down
The uprising we had sponsored raised multiple ad-hoc units whose part in the initial stage of the offensive was crucial for our victory. Now that their homes have been liberated, these units have been disbanded, though part of the brave men has shown their willingness to join the army proper. Nonetheless names of these true patriots will be forever remembered on the both sides of the Carpathians.
The nation is in their debt.
A Deal with Bucharest?
As our government reasserted our rightful claims over the lands lost in 1918, the Romanians has been understandably worried. Nevertheless, the Romanian government has approached us with a proposal: In exchange for abandoning our claims over Bessarabia, Romania is willing to join our alliance and support our noble crusade against the Germanic hegemon.\n\nOn one hand, we would officially abandon lands that were once part of Mother Russia. On the other, it would ensure that the Romanians do not align with the Germans and ensure we do not have to deal with another front.
We accept.
No, Bessarabia is rightfully Russian!
Russia Accepts
The Russians have decided to abandon their claims on Bessarabia. In exchange, we will be supporting them in their mission to topple the Germanic hegemon.
A surprise for sure.
Russia Refuses
The Russians have refused to abandon their claims on Bessarabia. We will have to look elsewhere for help should the perfidious Russian bear decides to press that unreasonable claim.
They can't be serious...
Romania Seeks Help
With [RUS.GetNameDef] reasserting their claims to our sphere of influence, the Romanian government has also been targeted through the Russian claims on Bessarabia. With talks between the two nations falling through, Bucharest has instead approached us. Seeing that Russia is a common threat, the Romanian government has offered a defensive treaty that would essentially tie them to the Reichspakt.\n\nResponse has been fairly mixed. Few have forgotten Romania's nationalisation of the Ploiesti oil fields to our detriment and their unilateral repudiation of the Treaty of Bucharest. In response, it's been suggested that we should demand concessions in return, but the Romanians will walk-out in response. In the end, the treaty would ensure that the Romanian oil fields will not fall to the Russians and give us a significant regional ally on the Dniester.
Hopefully they will be more useful than the Austrians.
We can't trust them.
Germany Accepts
Germany has agreed to sign a defensive treaty with us. We are now tied with the Reichspakt against the Russian and Syndicalist threats.
We can move on from 1918 now.
Germany Refuses
Unsurprisingly, the Germanic hegemon has refused our offer. Of course, it was a stretch that they would accept, but it was already hard for us to offer a compromise in the first place. It appears that both Russian and German Empires are enemies of Romania.
As expected.
Carol of Romania Assassinated By Iron Guard
The fragile alliance between King Carol II of Romania and Corneliu Zelea Codreanu's Legionary Movement was seemingly fated to not last long. Codreanu having been taken out in order to decapitate his movement, but his scorned followers regrouped quickly and tried an avenging gamble to assassinate the King, which has succeeded.\n\nIn the wake of the bloodbath in the capital, the Prince [ROM.GetLeader] has been crowned as King, and it remains to be seen how will he manage to bring peace to his country.
Long Live King [ROM.GetLeader]
Iron Guard Achieves Total Control
The fragile alliance between King Carol II of Romania and Corneliu Zelea Codreanu's Legionary Movement was seemingly fated to not last long, and news from Bucharest have confirmed that, indeed, it finally collapsed.\n\nA failed attempt by the ambitious monarch to take advantage of a schism in the burgeoning Legionary Movement has backfired hard, and [ROM.GetLeader] is crowned as the king for new Legionary Romania.
For King, Cross and People!
Carol of Romania Expels Iron Guard
The fragile alliance between King Carol II of Romania and Codreanu's Legionary Movement was seemingly fated to not last long, and news from Bucharest have confirmed that it finally collapsed.\n\nA clash within the seemingly-powerful Legionary Movement was masterfully exploited by King Carol II to oust their cabinet and break their dominance of government, with the King announcing that the time has come for such divisive factionalism to end in his country, and taking full control in the process.
The King of Culture Reigns Supreme!
Parliamentary Romania Restored by Military
After the blood-soaked end of the power struggle between King Carol II and the Legionary Movement, many expected the young King to yield to the unwavering Greenshirts and let them continue their rule, but today the young Monarch has utterly destroyed these theories by announcing the dismissal of the Legionaries from Government.\n\nThe King also assured the people that constitutional reform will ensue, and that the ageing Constitution will, at long last, be updated.
Democracy returns to Romania
A New Palace for a New Capital
One of the few things that King Carol and the Legionary movement agree upon is the importance of public works, albeit the two have a notable difference in that the Legionaries favour smaller-scale works like roads and dykes as a primary goal while Carol favours more massive undertakings as his first priority. After some notable wrangling in the legislature involving heated debates between the Cabinet and the Monarch, be it on regular meetings or during presided sessions of Parliament, the King has managed to obtain approval for some massive investments in Bucharest, especially regarding the continuation of the New Royal Palace project, in exchange for refurbishing rural roads, bridges and dykes throughout Oltenia and Muntenia.\n\nNot only will these investments provide valuable jobs to the economy especially in times like these, but they will also leave behind an immortalised legacy, be it through the memory of rural infrastructural repair or through the magnificence of the new Royal Palace. With the remaining barriers out of the way, construction will begin in earnest, starting with the clearing of the ruins of the Old Royal Palace, also known as the Golescu Mansion, from their spot on Calea Victoriei.
Bucharest shall be a city worthy of its ruler!
Construction Finishes on the New Royal Palace
Today in 1937, the New Royal Palace was inaugurated in the presence of His Majesty the King Carol II, His Highness the Crown Prince Mihai, His Excellency the President of the Council of Ministers Corneliu Codreanu and a dazzling array of statesmen, dignitaries and more. Designed by architect Nicolae Nenciulescu with heavy involvement from the King and the Queen Mother Maria, the new Palace stands as a monumental reminder of the splendour of King Carol's reign, with his Royal cypher prominently decorating many elements of the construction.\n\nBucharest will continue experiencing various beatifications and repairs as a result of the new wave of constructions ushered by the palace's construction, and the royals themselves have appeared pleased with how the edifice has turned out. The new structure will be the official residence of the Romanian monarchy, although the Royal family themselves have also had a smaller villa built on the premises, known as the \
A palace worthy of a true King!
The Ecclesiastical Union
With the political unification of the Romanians past the Carpathians with their brothers, it made little sense to continue the separation between the Metropolises of Transylvania and the ones of Moldova and Ungrovlachia; as such, the two have officially established ties to one another, the Transylvanian church, led by Metropolitan Nicolae Balan, has chosen to join the Holy Synod of the Metropolis of Ungrovlachia, meaning that, while mantaining its independence, the ecclesiastical authorities in Transylvania shall place themselves fully under the Romanian umbrella.\n\nMetropolitan-Primate Vartolomeu Stanescu of Ungrovlachia, Archbishop of Bucharest has welcomed the move, and rumours even have it that the enlarged Romanian church will seek to elevate its status to a full-fledged patriarchy as a result of its vastly-increased reach, a move that will certainly be welcomed by the Romanian state. Bishop of Caransebes has also expressed support for the union, albeit lamenting that his failing health will prevent him from serving the Romanian church in a better capacity.
Our flock grows bigger.
A New Patriarchate
Today on [GetDateText], the Holy Synod has voted to elevate the status of the Romanian church to a full-fledged Patriarchate, with the government of Romania welcoming this move, due to its further cementation of Romania's hold over its new lands and the spiritual unity of its religious subjects being very beneficial. Orthodox clerics on both sides of the Carpathians have expressed their appreciation towards this increase of status, bringing up the status of Bulgaria and that of Serbia as an example for why Romania should finally have its own patriarchy. Supportive voices from other denominations have also risen, most proeminently that of Greek Catholic Bishop of Cluj-Gherla Iuliu Hossu.\n\nNow the last remaining issue is to choose the first Patriarch of a United Romania, and three candidates have reached a particular level of notability. The first is incumbent Metropolitan-Primate of Ungrovlahia Vartolomeu Stanescu, although he hasn't expressed much of a preference in the matter, saying that it is up to God whether he is chosen or not, and that if he isn't he would retreat to a monastery to live out his last days in peace, his metropolitanate having been very taxing. Another candidate is Nicodim Munteanu, Metropolitan of Moldova, whose firm stance on syndicalism has earned him many sympathies in the country. Finally, as a show of unity, we could elect the incumbent Metropolitan of Transylvania, Nicolae Balan, who has shown himself to be a very careful teacher to his flock and grew to be very respected, in addition to being very interested in the education of Transylvanian Romanians and national unity. Who shall guide the Church in these next years?
Elect Metropolitan-Primate Vartolomeu, for continuity and steady leadership.
Elect Metropolitan Nicodim, he shall be a rock for the new Church!
Elect Metropolitan Nicolae, in the name of unity and dignity.
Records and Tunes
This year marks a momentous occasion, as the native recording company Electrecord has finally acquired enough means to produce records through its own means, heralding a new age in the Romanian recording industry.\n\nFounded in 1932 by the Jewish entrepreneur Nathan Mischonzniki, the young company initially focused itself on importing and multiplying foreign records, as well as distributing native recordings made overseas. Protected by King Carol II from the worst of his government's excesses due to seeing its value, the company grew in spite of the hostile circumstances, up to the point it reached this important milestone. Already various Romanian artists are beginning to make deals with the burgeoning company, ensuring a stable growth in production and popularity for the burgeoning Electrecord.
Play it again, Sam.
For My Legionaries
In spite of having to tackle the additional responsibilities of governance in addition to having to lead the Legionary Movement, the \
A momentous occasion!
Let him have his fun, his time will come one day.
The First Volume of the Encyclopaedia of Romania
The eminent professor and sociologist Dimitrie Gusti has added yet another success to his career recently with the publication of the first volume of his newest project, The Encyclopaedia of Romania.\n\nCoordinated by him and contributed to by various high-ranking Romanian intellectuals like Nicolae Iorga and Constantin Radulescu-Motru, under the patronage of [ROM.GetLeader], the Encyclopaedia is planned to encompass a great host of subjects related to Romania, and will be organised in three sections and six volumes. The first section containing the first two volumes, of which the first one, \
An ambitious, yet commendable initiative!
Otilia's Enigma
University lecturer and rising star in the world of literary criticism George Călinescu has recently chosen to experiment with a more conventional literary form; the novel, and recently his efforts have come to fruition through the publication of his work, Enigma Otiliei.\n\nDescribed as a Balzacian novel, it is set in antebellum Romania, telling the tale of young medicine student Felix Sima, who moves in with his rich yet miserly uncle Costache Giurgiuveanu. There he meets Otilia Mărculescu, the man's stepdaughter, alongside his uncle's sister's family, the Tulea's- and family friend Leonida Pascalopol. Felix gradually falls in love with Otilia, who unfortunately doesn't fully return his feelings, showing some preference for Pascalopol instead. All the while, in spite of loving his stepdaughter in his own way, Giurgiuveanu is reticent to fully adopt her and make her a main beneficiary of his inheritance, resulting in a conflict where he has to deal with the Tulea family and their quest to seize control of his fortune, be it via inheritance or other means. After a surprising trip to Paris on Otilia's behalf, an affair with a courtesan on Felix's end, and the Tulea schemes to seize Costache's fortune, the two youths meet each other again, but in spite of tension do not take the final leap. Eventually, a Tulea kinsman manages to steal Giurgiuveanu's wealth, who dies from a shock-induced heart attack, and Otilia ends up marrying Pascalopol and leaving for Paris again. After the war, Felix meets Pascalopol again, who reveals that he and Otilia got divorced, the latter remarrying and moving to Buenos Aires, becoming unrecognisable to her former admirer.\n\nPortraying a modernist outlook on antebellum Bucharest bourgeoisie, coupled with themes of paternity, coming of age, and unrequited love it is selling surprisingly well. Reviews are positive, and critics foresee a brilliant career for Mr. Călinescu.
Nobody lives here.
The Coronation of King Carol II
Celebrations sweep the Nation as the announced second Coronation of King Carol II has finally arrived, and the entire country drapes itself in the tricolour to mark the event.\n\nArriving early in the morning, the royal couple was greeted with the traditional bread and salt by the town's mayor, after which the royal suite headed towards the new Cathedral of the Coronation, entering the Citadel via the Sixth Gate. After a liturgy officiated within by clerics from all parts of the Kingdom and a Te Deum by the newly-enthroned Patriarch of Romania, the royal suite and King went outside, where an ornate baldachin lay in wait before the belltower.\n\nAfter the benediction of the royal mace and crown, the King placed the Steel Crown upon his own head, following the Byzantine and Napoleonic models, proceeding to crown Queen Elena afterwards. The King proceeded to address the nation, and soon afterwards a Royal banquet was held, the festivities dragging out through the day until around sunset.
Long Live King Carol II, King of All Romanians!
See, the Conquering Hero Comes
It is a festive day in the ancient town of Alba Iulia, with the Transylvanian town draped in blue, gold and red, for His Majesty Carol II, the King of Romania, accompanied by a host of statesmen and soldiers, is holding a grand celebration to mark the Union of Transylvania with Romania.\n\nAccompanied by his suite, the King has entered the town's citadel through the Sixth Gate, and continued through the Fifth and Fourth towards the so-named Union Hall, where he held a momentous speech to mark the occasion. Within the speech, he expressed his amazement of being witness to such a momentous occasion, long-dreamed by his country and its people, thanked the Transylvanians for accepting him as their monarch, and announced that this visit shall not be his last, for a fatuous coronation ceremony shall be held within the town, to mark the completion of the Unification of the Romanian lands.\n\nAlready plans have been drawn for a magnificent cathedral to be built and organisers are scrambling to make the event as great as possible, a fitting culmination for the national edification of the Romanian nation.
Sound the trumpets, beat the drums!
Fading Revanchism
With the finalisation of the national unification process, the once-prevalent revanchistic zeal that used to be powerful enough to propel the relatively little-known Iron Guard into power at the start of the 1930s has begun to weaken.\n\nAided along by the sustained losses of the past World War and the Austrian conflict and the perceived righting of the unjust treaty, revanchism has begun a steady decline within Romania, as priorities begin to shift from obtaining claimed territory to consolidating what is already owned. Though the flame of nationalism is still ablaze, it appears that the desire for expansionism has been finally sated. Even nationalistic parties have begun to shift their rhetoric appropriately, although some say that this will lead to a decline in Iron Guard popularity as one of its main wellsprings of support has dried up.
We have seen enough - we're satisfied.
Romania Declares the Treaty of Bucharest Null and Void
The end of the First Weltkrieg has seen a devastating treaty imposed onto Romania, the infamous Treaty of Bucharest which so many political forces in Romania have struggled against. Until now.\n\nAfter the end of the war, many PNL cabinets have tried to gradually weaken the Treaty with the then-present situation of the country in mind, albeit it was not seen as enough by the angered and weary populace, contributing to the rise of revanchistic populist movements in the period and culminating in the Iron Guard's rise to power, which continued this process. With the German economic crisis, even more of the treaty's provisions started to be skirted or openly ignored, and now, with the outbreak of the Second Weltkrieg, the powers that be have seen it fit to finally proclaim the end of the humiliating treaty. Taking advantage of the Germans' distraction, the President of the Council of Ministers [GetSecondInCommand] have formally declared that the Treaty is null and void, and that should the Germans want to review their relationship with Romania, they will have to negotiate with the Romanians on equal terms.\n\nThe once-sidelined and now dismissed German ministerial officials are leaving the country in droves as Romania is establishing proper control over its river ports and the Mouths of the Danube, having also seized control of the Danube Commission's activities on its territory.
Shackled no more!
The Legionaries Crumble
The Legionary Movement had risen from a small splinter group to become a very powerful force in Romanian politics... yet it seems they may be heading towards their predecessor's fate.\n\nThe once-small group grew rapidly in size and influence, especially after getting co-opted into power and after the unification with Transylvania, however with size it also gained a lot of problems. Codreanu's highly personalistic, circularly-focused and one-on-one contact-oriented leadership style has begun to falter, in spite of attempts to temper the growing zeal of his recruits. Tightening ranks, enforcing waits and probation periods between joining the Party and the Legion proper, a lot was attempted to try and temper the ballooning Iron Guard's growth and effervescence.\n\nYet, it was not enough. Many radicals across the various factions of the movement have begun to grow discontented with the \
The Hydra falters!
Hasten their demise even more.
Romania Declares the Treaty of Bucharest Null and Void
The end of the First Weltkrieg has seen a devastating treaty imposed onto Romania, the infamous Treaty of Bucharest which so many political forces in that country have struggled against. Until now.\n\nTaking advantage of our distraction with the Second Weltkrieg, the President of the Council of Ministers -whoever- of Romania has formally declared that the Treaty is null and void, and that should we want to review our relationship with Romania, we will have to negotiate with them on equal terms.\n\nThe Treaty-provisioned German officials that were supposed to monitor their government's decisions, once sidelined and now fully dismissed are leaving the country in droves as Romania is establishing proper control over its river ports and the Mouths of the Danube, having also seized control of the Danube Commission's activities on its territory. Even if we win this struggle, which we will most likely do, we will have to somehow deal with them in the future if we are to secure our continental hegemony.
Damn you!
The End of Weitzer and of MARTA
With the Romanian seizure of Transylvania, many companies located within the area's borders had to reprofile themselves to adapt to the new reality, and the MARTA factory of Arad is no exception. Created in 1909 as a subsidiary of Austro-Daimler and initially producing licensed Westinghouse cars, the factory grew to become a developing force in the area, alongside Johann Weitzer's locomotive and wagon company. In spite of difficulties caused by the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, during which the MARTA factory had to cease production, the two continued onwards.\n\nHowever, with the Romanian acquisition of Transylvania, the future of the two became uncertain. Cut off from their old markets and having to bear with the land's new rulers, the two factories decided to move along with the times. Maintaining the Weitzer society' focus on rolling stock while MARTA began to take a more junior role, the two entities merged, in order to more efficiently fulfil their niche within the new order, taking on a new identity.
Welcome, Astra Arad!
The ANI Prevail In Italy
Recent news have given us cause to rejoice in Italy, for the government of Duce [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] has successfully reasserted order following its contentious rise to power and the ultimately futile Venetian revolt. Due to our two nations now sharing not only an ideological baseline but also a common interest in liberating our national kindred from the Austrian yoke, ministers Ion Mota and Alexandru Cantacuzino have come forward with an initiative to improve relations between us.
Begin penning a letter of congratulations!
A Letter of Congratulations
To the Most Esteemed Duce [ITA_GetNatPopLeader]\n\nIn the name of the Kingdom of Romania, we congratulate you on your successful assertion of control in your nation. Owing to our shared interest in containing the Austrian goliath and our shared ideological underpinnings, we hereby invite you and your cabinet on a state visit to Romania, in order to discuss matters of state beneficial to our two nations, and further nurture relations between our two great peoples.\n\nSigned: His Majesty the King of Romania Carol II, President of the Council of Ministers Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, Minister of Foreign Affairs Ion Mota, Minister of Internal Affairs Alexandru Cantacuzino
We are united in fate.
The Duce's Visit
The day much-awaited by [GetSecondInCommand]'s cabinet has finally arrived, as Duce [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] of Italy has finally arrived in the capital. Greeted at the Băneasa airport by a dazzling array of orderly and disciplined soldiers alongside stern green shirt-clad Legionaries, Duce Ciano proceeded to meet his Romanian counterparts, being welcomed with the traditional bread and salt.\n\nThen the visit began in earnest. After a private discussion at the Prime Minister's residence between Ciano and Codreanu, the Duce and his delegation were given a tour of the Capital, taken to various sites showcasing the city's development; from the Belle Epoque area around Lipscani Street to the modern Magheru Boulevard, culminating in the arrival on Calea Victoriei and the new Royal Palace, where they were greeted by the King, and a joint declaration of friendship was signed. The next day, after other visits to various areas of the Capital ranging from the Inn of Manuc to the so-called \
Comrades of a war, comrades of a fate!
Those who share in bread and death shall not vanish from this earth!
Nicolae Radescu Returns
Shortly after King Mihai's coup, old general Nicolae Radescu returned to active service. Radescu is a decorated cavalry veteran of both the Second Balkan War and the Weltkrieg, and his return to active service is seen as a symbolic act to honour the young king. He was a close adjutant of late King Ferdinand and a military attaché in London, but Carol II's \
Good to have him back.
Constantin Tobescu returns from exile
General Constantin Tobescu fled the country after Codreanu's ascension, as he could not accept serving under the Iron Guard he opposed, even if his beliefs weren't completely opposed to them. Tobescu is a veteran of the Weltkrieg, but he is best known from his long career in Romanian Gendarmerie, commanding the Gendarmerie Inspectorate of Bucharest in the early 1930s. Now that the Legionaries have been ousted from the power, Tobescu has once again offered his services to his fatherland.
Welcome back, General Inspector
The Transalpina Project
In order to better tie our country together and to further raise the renown of the age we live in, the King has formally announced the start of the Transalpina project; a spectacular mountain road that will connect the Old Kingdom and Transylvania even further.\n\nIt will cross the Southern Carpathians through the Parang group, and will span from Novaci, to the northeast of Targu Jiu, centre of Gorj County, all the way to Sebes, within Alba County. With a spectacular route and the opening of mountain tourism possibilities in the area, to say nothing of the benefits of an extra route, excitement is suitably high.
Our old borders shall give way before unity and progress!
We don't have the budget right now.
Road over the Carpathians will be constructed.
Building The King's Road
We are building a spectacular mountain road that will connect the Old Kingdom and Transylvania even further.
The Transalpina is Finished!
Joyous news sweep the nation today as the Transalpina, also suggestively called \
A spectacular bridging of the nation! Will the Fagaras be next?
The Resita Reorganisation
A long-established centre of ironworking and heavy industry, Resita has long prospered off the back of its heavy industry, industry that has as last fallen into our hands.\n\nWhile the facilities are held by the Austrian StEG concern, the obvious problem of the Austrian railway enterprise owning the works has arisen, and will be solved by gradually splitting off its assets within Romania; the railways proper going to the Romanian Railways state company and the Resita works going to a new industrial concern, to be named Uzinele si Domeniile Resita (Resita Domains and Works), or UDR for short.\n\nKnown iron importer and businessman Max Auschnitt has managed to position himself as administrator of the vast works while the transition is being carried out, and rumour has it he will seek to become the main manager of it.\n\nWhile the King may personally be fine with such a move considering Auschnitt's ties with the royal family, his business associate-turned-rival Nicolae Malaxa is protesting this takeover. He has put forward one of his men: engineer Virgil Ionescu, known donor to the \
Auschnitt gets the King's support!
Ionescu's support carries the day!
The Resita has been reorganised
The Royal Constitution
Article 1. The Kingdom of Romania is a National State, unitary and indivisible.\n\nArticle 2. The Territory of Romania is inalienable.\n\nArticle 3. The Territory of Romania cannot be colonised with nations of foreign ancestry.\n\nArticle 4: All Romanians, regardless of ethnic origin and religious creed, are obliged: to consider the Fatherland as the most important base of their meaning in life, to sacrifice themselves in the defence of her integrity, independence and dignity; to contribute through their labour to the moral elevation and economic development; to fulfil with faith the popular tasks assigned to them through laws and willingly contribute towards the fulfilment of public tasks, without whom the being of State cannot live.\n\nArticle 5: All Romanians, regardless of ethnic origin and religious creed, are equal before the law, owing it respect and obedience.\n\nNobody can be considered free from his civil or military duties, public or particular, owing to his religious belief or any others.\n\nArticle 6: The Romanian State does not permit for any class difference. Any privileges in taxation are stopped. Lowering and raising of taxes cannot be anything other than general and established through laws.
Approved.
The Royal Constitution: On the Powers of the State
Article 29: All powers of the State derive from the Romanian Nation. They, however cannot be exercised, except through delegation and only through the principles and rules set forth in this Constitution.\n\nArticle 30: The King is the Head of State.\n\nArticle 31: The legislative power is exercised by the King through National Representation which is divided in two Assemblies: The Senate and the Assembly of Deputies.\n\nThe King assents to and promulgates the laws.\nBefore receiving Royal Assent, the law is not available.\nThe King can refuse granting Assent.\nNo law can be presented for granting assent, except after being discussed and voted on by the majority of both Assemblies.\nThe promulgation of laws voted by both Assemblies shall be done through the diligence of the Minister of Justice, who is also the keeper of the Grand Seal of State.\nLegislative initiative shall be given to the King. Each of the two Assemblies can propose out of their own initiative only laws in the common interest of the State.\n\nArticle 32: Executive power is granted to the King, who exercises it through his Cabinet in the manner established in the Constitution.
Approved, of course.
The Royal Constitution: On the King - Powers
Article 44: The Person of the King is inviolable. His Ministers are answerable.\nActs of State by the King will be countersigned by a Minister who, through this act, becomes responsible for them.\nThe naming of the Prime Minister is excepted.\n\nArticle 45: The King calls the Legislative Assemblies at least once per year, opening the session through message, which shall be answered by the Assemblies.\nThe King pronounces the closing of the session.\nHe has the right to dissolve both Assemblies at once or solely one of them. The Act of Dissolution must contain the convocation of the electors and the new Assemblies.\nThe King can delay the Assemblies. They will meet a full year after the delay if they were not called again in the meantime.\n\nArticle 46: The King appoints and dismisses His Ministers.\nHe can pardon or reduce punishments in criminal matters, outside of decisions regarding the Ministers.\nHe cannot suspend inquests or trials, not intervene in the process of justice by any means.\nHe appoints or confirms public offices according to the laws.\nHe cannot create a new office without a special law.\nHe makes the necessary regulations for the execution of laws, without being able modifying them or exempt someone from their execution.\nHe can, while the Assemblies are dissolved and between sessions, issue Decrees with legal power on any issue, which shall be sent to the Assemblies for ratification at their next session.\nHe is the Head of the Army.\nHe has the right to declare war and sign peace.\nHe grants military ranks in concordance with the Law.\nHe grants Romanian decorations.\nHe accreditates Ambassadors and Plenipotentiary Ministers to Foreign Heads of State.\nHe has the right to issue currency, according to a special law.\nHe signs, with foreign states, treaties political and military. Conventions necessary for trade, navigation and such signed by Him have to be approved by the Legislative Assemblies however.
Never again shall King's hands be bound.
The Royal Constitution: On the Senate
Article 63: The Senate is composed of Senators appointed by the King, of Senators by right and Senators elected through obligatory and secret vote, expressed through uninominal election by members of the corpora established in the State, in the number and conditions, for voters and eligibles, men and women, which shall be established by electoral law. The proportion of appointed Senators to elected ones is half.\n\nArticle 64: By virtue of their high station in State and Church, the following are Senators by right:\na) The Heir to the Throne from the age of 18;\nb) All Princes of the Royal Family that are of age;\nc) The Patriarch and Metropolitans of the Country;\nd) Diocesan bishops of the Romanian Orthodox and Greek-Catholic Churches, as elected according to the laws of the Country;\ne) Heads of the confessions acknowledged by the State, one for each confession, as elected according to the laws of the Country and representing a number of over 200.000 faithful;\nf) Actual Senators by right as recognised until the date of the promulgation of this Constitution.\n\nThe duration of Senators, elected and appointed, will be of nine years. The terms of elected Senators shall be renewed every three years from the date of the taking of the oath stated in Article 48 of the Constitution, in proportion of one third. The last third not included in the lottery for renewal shall retain the terms until the expiration of the nine-year term.
Wonderful. Approved.
The Royal Constitution: Adoption
Article 100: The Present Constitution, after it will be edicted by the King, shall be given to the Romanian nation for \
Only a vote stands between this act and the nation's future.
The Question of Women's Suffrage
Even though women already received the right to vote in local elections under certain conditions years ago, there has been a growing support for the idea of women's suffrage being universalised, primarily among the urban populace of the nation, where the support for the idea is the strongest. The King has shown himself to be receptive to the idea as well, and if we enact it now, we may capture a significant portion of this new demographic. Considering the ever-expanding list of countries that have taken the plunge and extended suffrage to women as well, ever more voices within the Legislative Assemblies have come out in support of the idea, especially among the ranks of the PNŢ and, to an extent, among the PNL as well. With recent debates on this issue having come up more and more often, becoming more and more heated, perhaps it is indeed the time to proceed?
Even though women already received the right to vote in local elections under certain conditions years ago, there has been a growing support for the idea of women's suffrage being universalised, primarily among the urban populace of the nation, where the support for the idea is the strongest. The King has shown himself to be receptive to the idea as well, and if we enact it now, we may capture a significant portion of this new demographic, as the Captain's visage has certainly garnered the Movement its fair share of feminine admirers and adherents. Considering the ever-expanding list of countries that have taken the plunge and extended suffrage to women as well, ever more voices within the Legislative Assemblies have come out in support of the idea, especially among the ranks of the PNŢ and, to an extent, among the PNL as well. With recent debates on this issue having come up more and more often, growing more heated by the day and with pressure mounting on our government, perhaps it is indeed the time to proceed?
Let us join the civilised countries!
It's just liberal nonsense.
Well... we already had women's organisations; it's just natural development.
Women and the New Constitution
The road towards feminine emancipation in Romania has been long, with the movement especially picking up steam with the rampant, urban-driven modernisation of the country in the antebellum and the nineteen-twenties, and in spite of its relatively recent spike in popularity it has grown very influential. So influential the King could not afford to simply ignore it any longer. Already somewhat mollified on the issue due to his appreciation of the fairer sex, the King's modernistic agenda and eye for opportunities spied a chance; granting women the right to vote in the Constitution would certainly increase his popularity and would increase Romania's standing in the world. And in his magnanimity, he has granted the right to vote to women as well, enshrining it in his new Constitution, forever to stand as a monument of his generosity!
Praise be to His Majesty King Carol, the Emancipator of Women!
Mota Releases a Book
The Captain's brother-in-law and co-founder of the Legionary Movement, Ion Mota, has been at Codreanu's side for a long time; in the Legion's earliest days, he often was a bigger theorist of its beliefs than the Captain himself, who preferred to mantain a degree of flexibility in order to enhance the Legion's chances.\n\nNow, after the successful publication of For My Legionaries, Mota has released a book of his own, titled Cranii de lemn (Wooden Skulls), title taken from an article commemorating the death of a Legionary, killed in the movement's early days and having his death masked behind \
Intriguing.
Cantacuzino Releases His Study
Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino, rising star of the Legionary Movement and de facto intellectual leader of its more radical caucuses, has further cemented his status as a leading Legionary intellectual via the release of his new book, \
The Green Prince widens his grasp.
The Old Guard Grows Powerful
Despite being more limited numerically, the Old Guard of the Legion has dramatically increased its intellectual influence among the movement, with newer recruits also beginning to adopt some of its agrarian and mysticist ideas. Articles written by long-time members like Ion Mota or somewhat younger members, but very influenced by them like Vasile Marin, have become more and more common among the Movement's rank and file, with the agrarian-mysticist zeal of the \
Nothing stands in the way of faith. It prevails.
How do they dare to challenge the Captain?
The Legionary Worker Corps Grows in Influence
With Romania's growing industrialisation, the Legion decided to accommodate it by shifting some of its focus towards attracting factory workers, and in practically all regard, it worked. Almost too well, in fact, for many of these workers, seeking to improve their condition and being easily riled up and filled with revolutionary zeal, have become extremely influential within the Movement as a whole.\n\nIn spite of Mota and Cantacuzino managing to further some of these new members' devotion to the Movement in their own manners, the fact still remains that these new members have dramatically increased the influence of Gheorghe Clime and his ally, Horia Sima's influence in the party, much to Codreanu's surprise and, to an extent, irritation. In order to prevent any sidelining, measures of restructuring, membership roll limiting and probation-enhancing would have to be taken, as well as courting some of the other intellectual caucuses within the Movement.
The zeal of the workers must be like that of the martyrs.
Their place is to follow, not to lead.
The Radicals Strengthen their Reach
In spite of constituting a fringe of sorts within the Legionary Movement, the caucus formed around Alexandru Cantacuzino and his ANI-inspired ideas has recently become far more influential than its size would ordinarily have it be. A combination of zeal and literary activity by the firebrand noble have expanded their intellectual reach, leading to new recruits and some older ones alike adopting at least some of their ideals.\n\nEven though Cantacuzino is part of the Captain's trusted inner circle, and can be trusted to not try to sideline his authority, the growth of the radical caucus' popularity is worrying Codreanu. While he can rein in the Legionaries that are close to him, those further from the central reach may be more vulnerable to subversion and may get unsavoury ideas, to say nothing of the fact these new doctrinary evolutions jeopardise the ideals of the original founders' struggle. It may be time to approach some of the other caucuses as well.
Standard-bearers of a new future, of a new faith forged in blood, deeds and victory.
They would bring ruin to Romania if left unchecked.
The Old Fighter's Ascension
Stepping inside the Captain's office, Ion Mota felt something was amiss the moment he laid eyes upon his brother-in-law. The man who once stood as straight as a fir with a gaze like the stars, was tired, holding his face in his hands, seemingly meditating. For a moment, Mota thought of stepping out and leaving his comrade be, but then Codreanu's deep voice rang out:\n\n\
May the Archangel Michael guide us to further victories.
The Commander Takes The Mantle
With measured step and bated breath, Horia Sima, the unlikely candidate, the Transylvanian organiser who rose through the ranks and became a frontman of the ever-growing Legionary Worker Caucus, stepped into the Captain's office, and cast a quick gaze at the man sitting behind the desk. The Captain, a symbol of the Movement, of the triumph of faith and of perseverance, now hobbled by exhaustion behind a desk, playing a role he wasn't meant for.\n\n\
Like Horea guided the peasants, so shall Sima guide the country.
The Green Prince Takes Command
Befitting his title and noble ancestry, Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino cautiously enters the room he was called to, the office of the Captain he had devoted his life to. When he heard the Captain wished to see him, he hurriedly made his way to his side, and now here he stood, before the guide of the Romanian nation.\n\n\
As the Captain's star fades, Cantacuzino's shines.
A Grand Conference
The last few weeks have been a flurry of activity as the halls of the Green House have been prepared for a conference between the Captain of the Legionary Movement, Corneliu Codreanu, and certain high-ranking members of the movement, from Ion Mota and Radu Mironovici to the firebrand Prince Cantacuzino, all the way to the Worker Corps' representatives like Gheorghe Clime and Horia Sima. After being seated, the invitees were left alone in order to wait for the Captain's arrival.\n\n\
The host of the Archangel no longer debates itself.
King's Day
Immediately following the reading of the Declaration of Independence in Parliament by Mihail Kogalniceanu on the 9th of May, the 10th of May has bore witness not just to its adoption by then-Domn Carol I, but also to the arrival of that same Carol in Romania in 1866 and his acclamation as Domn, as well as to the coronation of Carol I as King in 1881, Romania thus became a Kingdom. Thus laden with history, the 10th of May was designated as the National Day, being joyously celebrated within the Kingdom to this day, in spite of its short-lived prohibition by German occupational authorities during the Weltkrieg.\n\nThis year has proven to be not that different in that regard, as celebrations sweep the nation once more, with whatever divisions present within the country being temporarily buried, replaced by a common sentiment of belonging and national unity. Crowds in Bucharest attend the military parade within the Capital, as smaller-scale parades ensue within other provincial capitals. The day continues with other cultural activities before culminating with a royal speech and fireworks displays all across the country.
Long Live the King and Long Live Romania!
The Feast of the Holy Archangels
In Eastern Orthodox liturgics, the 8th of November bears witness to the Feast of the Holy Archangels Michael and Gabriel, as well as the other bodiless powers of Heaven. Across the country and beyond many people celebrate their name days, many others their birthdays even.\n\nNone however celebrate as proudly as the Legion of the Archangel Michael, whose dedication to the Commander of the Hosts of Heaven has driven Captain Codreanu to declare their patron's feast day as a movement-wide celebration. Nest meetings on the day were dedicated to commemorating their heavenly patron, many areas held demonstrations and parades on the day, before culminating with Divine Liturgy attendance. Many churches report spikes in attendance, driven by the movement's more pious members.\n\n[GetSecondInCommand] himself joined in the celebrations, sending celebratory messages and greetings to members and local organisations throughout the country, before attending the liturgy in Bucharest at his favourite church, St. Ilie Gorgani.
The Archangel watches.
Rethinking Our Administration
A significant part of the National Peasants' Party hails from Transylvania, origin that has affected many of their members' outlooks on affairs, especially on local administration. Prominent PNŢ member Iuliu Maniu is a known advocate of administrative reform, considering the autonomy of local governance, be it rural or urban, as the foundation for a fair and modern administration.\n\nWith the PNŢ now in power, Maniu's proposals have become far more than just electoral mutter; the party has the chance to begin implementing reforms, starting with the creation of seven directories which will take some of the government's attributions when dealing with the local administration. While quite a way off from melding the best of the Old Kingdom's administration with that of Transylvania, it is seen as a good start, and it remains to be seen how the party will follow up on the promised reforms.
Implement some of the reforms.
Tear up the old system and step into the modern age.
Let's not push it any further.
Royal Administrative Reforms
Conscious of the administrative problems sparked by Romania's administrative divisions, and taking advantage of a stream of pro-decentralisation political sentiment expressed in past years, His Majesty the King has implemented an administrative reform of his own. While the counties were mantained, a new form of administrative division, the \
A sensible step forward!
That's not enough - we will remake the system entirely.
The Prodigal Brother
The King's younger brother, Prince Nicolae, typically did not involve himself as much in politics as his more bombastic brother, but lately rumours have begun to swirl around him. While this ordinarily would not be a cause for concern for Carol, a fair few of these rumours have him courting the Legionary Movement, be it from simply donating to giving them access to various properties he acquires.\n\nThe feud between the two brothers started over Nicolae's romantic preferences; having met Lady Ioana Doletti and having fallen in love, he desired to marry her; a wish his regal brother denied, which Nicolae felt was hypocritical as Carol himself had a mistress, while Carol defends himself saying that he was not going to marry Lupescu and tarnish the honour of the Royal House in the manner Nicolae would by marrying Doletti; a deed he allegedly has already done in secret. It is said that Lupescu's dislike of Doletti, as well as Nicolae's dislike of the atmosphere around the King's circle of associates also further complicates matters.
A mole in the King's own household? We must keep an eye on him.
An ally in the Palace? Most welcome.
Marriage or Duty?
Following the end of Carol's power struggle with the Legionary Movement, the King felt the time has come to properly address the issue of his wayward brother, Prince Nicolae. Feeling that his secret wife, Ioana Doletti, has led him to lose his way and become embroiled in conflicts he can't even understand that would lead him to ruin more than anything else, the King decided to act in order to solve this dynastic issue.\n\nAt the King's request, the President of the Council of Ministers, Armand Călinescu, had a letter penned to Nicolae, asking him to clarify a \
Unfortunate, but necessary.
The Woes of an Ever-Growing Host
To an outside observer, the Legion may seem triumphant; for it has risen from a handful of men centred around their leader to one of the most powerful groups in Romania; however, in spirit, the Legion never truly ceased to be a group of men centred around their leader, owing to its very person-centric leadership style.\n\nHowever, even though this leadership manner has proven itself useful in creating a core of highly-loyal adepts, and adepts gained via the Legion's specific brand of \
By the Archangel, we will prevail!
A Monarchic Question
With King Carol II gone, a question has arisen regarding his succession. Under normal circumstances, his son Mihai would inherit the throne, and many consider that his youth and seeming docility would make him an ideal candidate to succeed his father. However, many attendees of Crown Councils have said that Mihai is more sympathetic to the idea of democracy and a constitutional monarchy, and may prove himself to be uncooperative. The solution they propose would be to make a deal with Prince Nicolae, who, in addition to not being interested in politics, has shown some sympathies to our cause. In exchange for modifying the Royal House Statute to legitimise his marriage to Ioana Doletti, he would gladly take the throne, however this power grab may cause some image damage. What should the course of action be?
Follow the line of succession and enthrone Crown Prince Mihai.
A sympathetic monarch would be of far more use, summon Prince Nicolae!
An Island, Alone
The island of Ada Kaleh is an oddity in that it remained an enclave of the Ottoman Empire long after it got pushed away from the Danube frontier; an oddity that seemingly got undone after the Austrian occupation of the island, but de jure it still was legally a domain of the Sultan.\n\nHowever, with the outbreak of hostilities in the Middle East, and the Ottomans being preoccupied with the conflict there, and the Austrians' withdrawal of troops post-Black Monday, the island stood alone; an Ottoman possession in the middle of the Danube, a relic of ages past. A relic which Romania saw as far more useful in its hands than outside them.\n\nRapidly establishing control over the small islet, Romanian authorities proclaimed that the island is officially part of Romania, but also that the local populace's rights shall be respected. It remains to be seen how Ottoman authorities will react to this transgression.
An anachronism, corrected.
Damn you!
The Ottomans Protest
In spite of being preoccupied with their war in the Middle East, the Ottoman government has indeed found time to pen a letter of complaint to the Romanian government, expressing frustration over the seizure of Ada Kaleh.\n\nFortunately however, the island's small size and distance from the Ottoman mainland, pressing concerns closer to home and the negligible benefit in holding it have swayed the Ottoman government to not pursue further action in the matter. While the Sultan was not happy over the island's loss, the island's days of importance are long past, and any conflict over the island was deemed as pointless.\n\nThe Romanian government has expressed relief over this reaction, and has stated its openness for a prospective détente with the Ottoman Empire in the future.
It would not have been worth any conflict anyway.
The Ceding of Ada Kaleh
With the Ottoman Government's recent announcement of a policy of reconciliation with the Balkan states, the matter of the island of Ada Kaleh has sprung to the forefront of negotiations with Romania.\n\nA small island in the Danube whose defensive importance is long past, it now functions as a de jure part of the Ottoman Empire, who in spite of still sending officials to govern it in the Sultan's name, doesn't appear to have much interest in the detached island anymore. However, Romania has shown interest in obtaining control over it, and has pledged itself to maintain the island's privileges.\n\nAnd so, in a ceremony on the Island proper, a treaty was signed formally ceding the island to Romania, with residents and officials alike watching the Ottoman flag be lowered from Ada Kaleh for the last time, replaced with the Romanian tricolour. In a speech, the foreign minister of Romania has pledged to safeguard the island's traditions, announcing that the King himself has taken interest in the island and will visit it soon enough; an event said by some islanders to be foretold in a dream.
We will steward it well.
God be with you, Ada Kaleh.
The King's Visit
The day said to be foretold in a dream has finally arrived; His Majesty the King has come to visit Ada Kaleh. Guided on a tour of the island by the island's mayor and local entrepreneur Ali Kadri, the King and his entourage have visited the ruins of the old star fort, the local village, the mosque, the house of local figure Niyazi Suleiman, and enjoyed cups of traditionally-brewed coffee at a local cafe.\n\nListening to the islanders' pleas, the King spoke the words \
Praise His Majesty's judgement!
The Coronation of Prince Nicolae
The throne of Romania sees a new holder, as now-King Nicolae I formally takes it in a ceremony in Bucharest.\n\nThe new king started off by taking the oath in private at the Royal Palace, after which he, accompanied by his wife and a big entourage, with heavy Greenshirt presence scattered throughout, Nicolae first headed towards Metropolitanate Hill, where a tribune was set up, imitating the one used in King Carol I's own coronation ceremony. There, a religious ceremony was held, after which the royal entourage headed towards the Royal Palace, where, after being congratulated by various diplomats and holding a speech, Nicolae put the Steel Crown on his own head, before crowning his wife with the Crown of Queen Elisabeta. The following days are scheduled to host military reviews and parades by representants of the counties of Romania, with the festivities slated to culminate with another coronation at Alba Iulia.\n\nAlongside the King, many high-ranking members of the Legionary Movement could be seen, many of whom had a veneer of satisfaction as they watched the ceremony unfold. What the future holds for Romania's new king, who allegedly is not too interested in politics, is uncertain.
Long live the King!
Direction of the Transylvanian Chapters
Before the Unification was achieved, the Transylvanian chapters of the Legionary Movement were generally grouped under regional organisers, ultimately answering to Ion Mota, who then reported back to the Captain himself.\n\nNow however, with the Union having finally been accomplished, the Transylvanian chapters are beginning to clamour for reorganisation, to better integrate them within the structure of the Movement at large. As Codreanu is for now focused more on the Old Kingdom, whomsoever gets control over the vast and growing Transylvanian chapters will become very influential within the Movement as a whole. A host of CML-aligned members of the Committee of the Thousand have proposed granting Horia Sima, a regional organiser in the Banat area who has made overtures to the group in the past, control over the Transylvanian chapters, citing his experience in organising the West. The Legionary Senate however, more influenced by the Old Guard, has proposed continuing Mota's tenure, citing his incumbency and his vital role in setting up the Transylvanian organisations. Of course, the Captain could also try to satisfy both and grant Mota control over the inner Transylvanian chapters and Sima control over the West, reducing the chances of an unified Transylvanian bloc emerging and safeguarding his own influence in the process.
Mota is loyal and trustworthy; he will continue his tenure.
Sima's experience will make the Transylvanian chapters more efficient.
A united bloc would be too big a danger; split it up.
The Old Guard Coalises
Safeguarding Mota's tenure over the Transylvanian chapters of the Legionary Movement, while a successful move in terms of binding the chapters across the Carpathians, has also given the so-called \
Concerning.
The Workers Rally
With Sima in charge of the Transylvanian chapters, it seems his courting of the Legionary Worker Corps has borne fruit, for their influence beyond the Carpathians has dramatically begun to increase. Canteens and legionary shops are being set up in industrial towns, giving the CML ideal opportunities to begin swaying factory workers to their cause, activities that they basically have free rein on. While the other groups still have adherents beyond the mountains, many urban centres of Transylvania seem poised to become LWC strongholds. While their loyalty to the Captain is still secure, it remains to be seen how this situation will develop, especially considering that the new members seem very driven towards revolutionary strands of thought...
Most worrisome.
Question of the Intelligence Service
The Legionary Movement, already atypical amongst organisations of its kind, also took the daring step of creating its own internal intelligence service, the SIMLR - Serviciul de Informatii al Miscarii Legionare din Romania; the Informations Service of the Legionary Movement of Romania-. While a relatively small organisation and nowhere near as efficient as the state intelligence service, it nevertheless helps ensure internal cohesion among the movement's ranks. With the expansion of Legionary power and influence however, many members, especially those affiliated with the radical caucus, want to expand its capacities, turning it into a full-fledged auxiliary of the SSI - Serviciul Special de Informaţii; the Special Informations Service-, to be led by Horia Cosmovici, protege of Sima and Cantacuzino. Other voices within the movement, including the SIMLR's current leader, Ion Belgea, clamour that tangling with the SSI would only result in bureaucratic tanglings and would hamper its efficiency, and that if the SSI were to be roused, it could undermine us from its very lofty position.
Expand it to an auxiliary intelligence service and appoint Cosmovici to lead it!
This may be too dangerous a gamble, keep it reduced and maintain Belgea.
An Auxiliary Police Force?
Although the Movement reigns supreme in Romania at this moment, concerns have been raised over just how loyal the Police could be within the new State. In spite of the Movement's control of the Ministry of the Interior, the Police proper still has not had the best of relationships with the Legionaries, as immortalised in the killing of police prefect Manciu back in the early 1920's.\n\nAn unlikely solution has emerged, especially pushed by the Movement's radicals, aided along by LWC sympathisers: create a special auxiliary police force, recruited from amongst Movement members, which is to collaborate with the regular police force in a variety of matters. Supporters consider that this will further strengthen the Movement's power and will be of use towards achieving the Legionary Victory, while opponents consider that its very vaguely-defined capacities and powers will only lead to abuses, and to the Romanian people losing faith in the Legion as its national and spiritual guiding force, claiming that arresting people on a whim is not what the Captain would desire. What should be done in this debate?
Establish the Legionary Police, and appoint General Petrovicescu to lead it!
We risk becoming that which we fought against; focus on reforming the regular police instead.
A Crumbling House of Cards
Back in the 1920's, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu and a bunch of followers split from the National-Christian Defence League, led by A.C Cuza, to form his new political movement, which would grow into the Legionary Movement. However, now it seems that his own turn as face of the Romanian ultranationalist right may be ending in fire just as A.C Cuza's did.\n\nFew could predict that the seemingly-ascendant Legion of the Archangel Michael would begin to share its forebear's fate, but the signs have grown ever clearer over the past months. Its growing size began to work against it, as the Legion began to host different caucuses and factions within itself, arguing over precise points of Legionary doctrine and interpreting various points in their own manner. While its Captain could keep control for a time, he still had moments where it seemed he could lose control over his movement's future. And now, he sees his control unravel in a crisis worse than he had ever seen before, as the infighting within the Legionary Movement is beginning to reach a fever pitch, with internal disputes wreaking havoc within the organisation's stability and more and more members beginning to split apart from it.\n\nWhether this was caused by his own failings or by a specific stream of thought becoming too dominant is unclear, but one thing is certain; it would take a great effort to try and correct the course now. Codreanu's own advisors have begun to hint that he should take a step back and embrace a more spiritual role in the Legion's leadership and leave one of his trusted subordinates as political head, but some voices still consider that the Captain will be able to call upon divine providence this time as well and bring the chaos to an end. With the pressure and stress mounting upon Codreanu, already troubled by this turn of events, it remains to be seen what he will do to restore cohesion.
Perhaps Mota's Old Guard can help us.
Let's strike a deal with Sima and his supporters...
We have to compromise with Cantacuzino after all.
God will grant us victory through this trial as well!
The God of War
Our decision to focus on modernised artillery has proved fruitful. Modern guns, new fire control methods and practical experiences from the Bulgarian war have taught our brightest minds valuable lessons in artillery warfare of the modern age. Nations lacking in numbers must strive to focus on quality over quantity, and our greatest quality shall be our god of war, the Resita artillery gun.
Hungarians better watch the horizon!
We have other priorities.
Green Prince's Ascension
Finally entire Romania is in the hands of the Green Prince. Venerable Captain has tasked us to safeguard his legacy and his vision of Greater Romania, but Alexandru Cantacuzino is a man of great ambition. Some of the more radical wing calls for him to take total control over the country and disassemble entire rotten structure, but there's great many of those who would want to stay in the path the Captain has prepared for us.\n\nWe are in a position to take absolute control, should we desire so - but it would mean breaking apart much of what Codreanu had built before his resignation from the government. On the other hand, no great nation was built without demolishing old structures and building them anew.
Rest assured, dear Captain, we will keep your vision.
We won't stay in the Captain's shadow!
A Visit to Putna
With the integration of Bucovina in the Romanian state, the monastery of Putna lies once more on Romanian soil, fact which was quickly noticed and seized upon by many political figures, including His Majesty the King.\n\nIn a very publicised visit, the King, his Council of Ministers, the Patriarch and the Crown Prince have journeyed to the region, visiting, among others, the monasteries of Bucovina and immersing themselves within their history, from Voronet to Sucevita, culminating in a visit to the resting place of Stephen the Great of Moldova, at the Putna Monastery.\n\nAfter paying their respects at the Voivode's grave, the King, accompanied by his suite, held a speech commemorating the return of Bucovina and the remains of Stephen the Great to Romanian soil, and pledging to make sure that the voivode's remains will not be estranged from Romania ever again.
With the integration of Bucovina in the Romanian state, the monastery of Putna lies once more on Romanian soil, which the Legionary Movement was quick to capitalise upon.\n\nIn a heavily-publicised visit to the area, the Captain, Corneliu Codreanu, accompanied by many members of the Legion, toured the monasteries of the region, the cave of Daniil the Hermit, and many other areas, culminating in a visit to the resting place of the voivode Stephen the Great, at the Putna Monastery.\n\nAfter paying his respects at the Voivode's grave and attending Liturgy, the Captain held a speech where he thanked God for the momentous return of the voivode's remains to Romania, as well as the integration of Cernauti, where his father, Ion Zelea Codreanu, hailed from. Then he promised that the Legion shall follow the example of Stephen the Great and defend the country from any enemy that shall cross the border, before culminating in a vow to make sure the remains of Stephen the Great will never leave Romania again.
With the integration of Bucovina in the Romanian state, the Putna monastery lies once more on Romanian soil, something which was quickly noticed by the public sphere and commented upon by various political party leaders.\n\nIn order to more closely bind the area with the Romanian state, King [Root.GetLeader] and a suite consisting of his cabinet and leading politicians from the area have embarked on a tour of the region, from Suceava to Cernauti, immersing themselves in the region's culture and visiting what the area has to offer, culminating in a publicised visit to the burial place of Stephen the Great, the Putna monastery.\n\nAfter paying homage to the dead prince, the King made a speech praising Stephen for his defence of the country and for having secured Moldova's prosperity during his reign, and congratulated the people of Bucovina for holding firm to their identity under foreign rule, and concluded by pledging to continue safeguarding the province's prosperity and integrity under Romanian rule, just as Stephen the Great safeguarded Moldova's prosperity in ages past.
May we fulfil our pledge.
Bucovina shall never be lost again.
The brothers shall never be divided anymore.
The Persecution Commanderies
Even though the death of the so-called Captain $romania_events.216.d.base$
Since the events in Bucharest, the so-called Captain of the Legionaries has been lying low, hiding from our secret police. While his absence $romania_events.216.d.base$
did throw the Legionaries into disarray for some time, it seems they were more resilient than expected, with many of them regrouping into so-called \
Ramp up the Guard Detail and cut down on travel outside the Palace.
Delegate duties to the Ministers. Better for them to get shot than the King.
Marinescu's men can handle this. Fighting fire with fire - what could possibly go wrong?
Disaster Averted!
It would seem that staying in the Palace and vastly stepping up the Guard detail managed to deter the Archangel's men from trying anything. While there was a certain Legionary presence on any Royal appearance, identifiable in spite of the lack of their well-known green shirt, the vast security detail managed to stop most of them from any rash action.\n\nMost, as there were groups that did try, however their members got repelled by the Royal Guards, with more than a few having died in the process. Even though the Legionaries have already started to honour them as martyrs, the chances they will try anything against the King's person are only getting lower and lower.
A toast to our brave Royal Guards!
Prime Minister Călinescu Wounded!
While the King's safety has been indeed secured by the decision to transfer many of his duties and visit arrangements to the ministers, it appears the Legionaries have indeed caught on to the scheme. Whether they had a sympathiser in the Crown Council or just connected the dots from observation or from reading the newspapers is unknown, but they noticed that the ministers are indeed taking over Carol's visit arrangements, and have switched targets: this time to President of the Council of Ministers and Interior Minister Armand Călinescu.\n\nHaving intercepted the minister's vehicle, the assassins started firing, wounding the driver, the minister and his bodyguard, Radu Andone, however they were thwarted by the increased security preparations the minister carried out; a motorcade was waiting just nearby, and when they saw the in-progress attempt the police started firing themselves, giving Andone the opportunity to start firing himself, as much as he could with his injuries. The assassins were driven off, but Călinescu, Andone and the driver were wounded, and will need time to recover.\n\nWhile the victims were injured, we are confident they will survive. The Legion's ambitions have been dampened on this day, as the attempted assassination of a Royal minister will certainly be enough impetus to intensify the offensive against them.
While the King's safety has been indeed secured by the decision to transfer many of his duties and visit arrangements to the ministers, it appears the Legionaries have indeed caught on to the scheme. Whether they had a sympathiser in the Crown Council or just connected the dots from observation or from reading the newspapers is unknown, but they noticed that the ministers are indeed taking over Carol's visit arrangements, and have switched targets: this time to President of the Council of Ministers and Interior Minister Armand Călinescu.\n\nHaving intercepted the minister's vehicle, the assasins were baffled to find themselves facing an armoured car, but quickly recovering, they began throwing stones and firing in its direction to get its inhabitants' attention. The minister's bodyguard, Radu Andone, opened the door just enough to get shot in the shoulder, alerting him to the attackers' presence in the worst way possible. The driver was sent off to alert the nearby motorcade, time in which both Călinescu and Andone were hard-pressed, Andone especially trying to repel the assasins by rolling down his window just enough to allow himself to fire his pistol while staying under cover. The reinforced glass, however, eventually gave way, resulting in the bodyguard and Prime Minister Călinescu being wounded by the time the motorcade and the policemen arrived at the scene and drove the assasins away.\n\nWhile the victims were injured, we are confident they will survive. The Legion's ambitions have been dampened on this day, as the attempted assassination of a Royal minister will certainly be enough impetus to intensify the offensive against them.
Thank God for Armand's miraculous survival!
Establishment Parties Call For Representation
After achieving almost total control over Romanian government, those politicians sidelined by the Legionaries are calling the King to relinquish control back to the parliament and allow new elections. This mostly liberal group of old establishment politicians and their supporters argue that King's coup was a welcome one to save the nation from Codreanu's thugs, but his royal dictatorship should be only temporal. The king himself disagrees, and with the parliament stacked with his loyalists, the opposition can merely hinder his reign.
Grant them token influence within the parliament.
The King does not need to listen to them.
Dies Irae
Although dismissed from power and having the Romanian state apparatus sicced upon them has certainly made a dent in their numbers and organisation, the Legionary Movement is still clinging tooth and nail to their status and power. This will not do.\n\nAt the behest of the King, a special committee consisting of Police Prefect Gabriel Marinescu, President of the Council of Minister and Minister of the Interior Armand Călinescu, General Gheorghe Argeşanu, Justice Minister Victor Iamandi, SSI Director Mihail Moruzov and many others, has been called up in order to begin ending the Legionary threat once and for all.\n\nAnd now, the plan springs into action.\n\nKnown members of the movement from all over the country are being arrested and taken for questioning, from the lowest recruit all the way to the Commanders of the Annunciation, with resistance being rewarded in kind. The press is running like clockwork destroying the image of the Movement, its leaders, and its beliefs. But all of this will not matter unless we cut off the serpent's head as well.\n\n[czcdeadornot]\n\nMota, Cantacuzino and other high-ranking faces of the Guard were captured, although reports indicate that Sima is still at large, having managed to avoid the trap laid for him; having most probably been tipped off. His other colleagues however have not been as lucky, being captured in spite of their followers' attempts to rescue them, and later on were found dead in custody. The Legionaries were quick to denounce their comrades' \
The archangel's sword has been shattered.
With Codreanu's death, the movement has reorganised itself into a series of isolated chapters titled \
Fortunately we have managed to locate their Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, having gone into hiding near his mountainside retreat following the crackdown on his men. After observing his routine, he was intercepted and taken into custody. Some of his nearby followers attempted to rescue their leader, but the resulting shootout saw both them and Codreanu die. Having been trialled and convicted in absentia, this move will certainly deliver the death blow to his movement's aspirations, although there are concerning reports that the Legionaries have condemned their Captain's \
Great Union Day
A new holiday graces the calendars of Romania, for this fine day, [GetDateText] has been designated as the Great Union Day, celebrating the completion of the national unification process exactly one year ago!\n\nOnce more, the country drapes itself in blue, gold and red, as Romanians celebrate the tearing down of the final borders splitting their people apart. Parades, cookouts, friendly gatherings sweep the country from West to East, as children and adults alike celebrate the introduction of this new holiday. Whatever divisions there are in Romanian society temporarily dissipate in the aura of brotherhood that is being spread all around, as the sentiment of joy over no longer being split eclipses everything. With the last barriers of the Romanian people torn down, a sentiment of optimism ensconces itself among the populace; now that everyone is united, nothing can stand in the Romanian people's path to greatness.\n\nAs the day draws to a close, fireworks shows take place throughout the cities and towns, while people either withdraw for the day, content with the festivities, or continue celebrating into the night, joyous over the brotherly union.
Brothers shall always brothers be!
Twilight
Mihai woke up thinking today was going to be another dreary day. Another dreary day where his green-clad handlers would tell him what to sign and where, while not keeping him informed of just what was going on in his kingdom. He felt powerless; in his hand laid great power but he knew that exercising it was risky: while he could marshal the Royal Guards and segments of the Army to take back power, the Legionaries could simply shoot him or call up on their own contacts instead. And God only knew what would happen with him out of the picture.\n\nMaybe he would go to the planes today. Maybe he could talk some of them to allow him to attend to his flying lessons. Who knows, one day he could learn how to pilot himself. Give himself a suitable outlet for his anger at his situation, and maybe get an idea on how to act. A caged bird tasting freedom and refreshing its thoughts.\n\nThen suddenly he saw the door of his study open, and a throng of green-shirted men fill the room, led by that accursed man, Alexandru Cantacuzino. He could feel his stomach drop but he kept his face placid. He had to.\n\n\
An act of abdication? What is the meaning of this?
Nadir
The Final Step
\
When King Nicolae was presented with a demand to abdicate, he protested. He had only ever done as the Legion had wanted - even considered himself their ally and benefactor. But none of that helped. While the Captain had been content with allowing German dynasty to rule over the Romanian people, Alexandru Cantacuzino and his supporters would have none of it. Finally they were strong enough to force the king out, and end the humiliating rule of foreign dynasty over their nation.
Prince Cantacuzino will take the reins of the state.
Romania deserves a true king.
Clipped Wings
\
The Legion's watch may just be everlasting.
A New Constitution!
Celebrations sweep Parliament and the Green House as the Legionary Movement rejoices over the new constitution it plans to give to the country. Higher-ranked cadres are confident that the project will be approved by referendum, and usher in a new era for the Romanian nation.\n\nDrawing some inspiration from poporanist movements of ages past, the new Constitution firmly reinforces the guiding role of the Romanian people within the Romanian nation, as well as enshrining the fundamental value of property and land; albeit also establishing the State as a powerful power-broker in such matters by giving it a fair amount of power to seize, sell and distribute land. Parliament is also reorganised to include representatives of all worker, peasant, entrepreneur and professional associations, centring them on the Senate in addition to the senators by-right; the Deputies are elected still by party lists. The dominant role of the Orthodox and Uniate confessions is enshrined, while the centralistic principle of administration is tempered ever so slightly.\n\nAs the dominant party, the Legion is uniquely placed to position itself within the framework of this new system, creating an unique system blending some of the trappings of the old with the new. Few know what to expect of this new system, but the throngs of green-shirts certainly appear supportive of the project, seeing it as the capstone to their so-called \
At last, the country will shine!
A New Constitution!
Following the PNŢ's period of consolidation and governance, the time has come to finally revise the old Constitution of 1866, a deed which was carried out. After approval by the Legislating Chambers and the Sovereign, it is expected that the people will also approve it via referendum.\n\nInfluenced both by the old constitution and the views of theorists like Constantin Stere and Romul Boilă, the new constitution devotes vast space to defining and protecting individual rights, influenced by the British concept of habeas corpus. Centralisation, though still upheld, is tempered through local autonomy on the lowest levels, and the role of popular initiatives and referenda is increased. Not all provisions survived the discussion process however; the Superior Economic Council, the Unicameral Parliament and the idea of placing land use and repartition under State control did not make the revision.\n\nIts spirit however remained unscathed, and the frontmen of the PNŢ are sure that their new constitution will be a major step forward towards a brighter future for Romania, as the nation moves forward as one.
Hurrah for the new constitution of All Romanians!
A New Constitution!
Under the PNL's wise stewardship, a new constitution was drafted and approved. Honouring the dreams of the late Ionel Brătianu and King Ferdinand, the new constitution enshrines the new democratic system, as well as codifying the new developments of the years since the last constitutional adoption. It will be submitted to a referendum, which it will most likely pass.\n\nMany provisos of the old have been kept but modernised: the King still mantains extensive prerogatives like vetoing laws, issuing pardons and vetos, appointing and dismissing ministers, but he can exercise it only with the agreement of his ministers. For he reigns, but does not govern.\n\nRights previously enshrined were still codified, the status of the Romanian Orthodox and Greek-Catholic Churches as dominant faiths was enshrined, and, above all, the national and indivisible character of the Nation was solidified, further cementing the Great Union of all Romanians under one nation.
At last, a new constitution!
On the Ground and In the Papers
\
The ballot boxes will speak soon.
In the Grove
\
Time certainly has its patience, and events like this colour its canvas.
Terrorist Attack in Alföld!
Despite our best efforts, the western borderlands remain hostile and dangerous for true Romanians. In depressingly common event, group of Magyar terrorists attacked small military patrol deep in Alföld. Our men had hardly answered to the fire when the criminals fled. The patrol was left to tend to their dead and wounded as the hunt for the attackers started, but it was clear for everyone that it would be a fruitless effort. The various separatist organisations of the Alföld region had nearly full support of the locals, and were sheltered and supported by the Hungarian farmers. The only thing we could do is to increase security and keep the cities under increasingly tight grasp.
Send in more troops!
They will learn to love the whip, in time.
Defiance in Alföld
In spite of our best attempts to enforce a curfew and curtail resistance activies in Alföld these past few weeks, many woke up this morning to see the Hungarian Flag flown defiantly above several state buildings in Debrecen. It is not known how the perpetrators were able to coordinate such an act of subterfuge, but it is likely they were assisted by sympathetic officials in the local government here. Although they were taken down with haste, the damage was already done. Several outlets had taken photos of the buildings, the news spreading like wildfire in Hungarian newspapers across the border. While nobody was hurt, this act is likely to only embolden the resistance cells here.
Get those blasted flags down, now!
Officer shot in Alföld
Residents of Békéscsaba were startled today to hear the sound of several gunshots ring out during the mid day. A masked assailant having shot and killed one of our officers who was drinking at a pub in the city centre. The attempts of the Military Police in the area to pursue after him were thwarted by a rather uncooperative crowd and he was ultimately able to escape. Follow up investigations from witnesses also proved to be unfruitful as many Hungarians outright refused to provide a testimony to the Gendarmerie. It is likely we will never find the perpetrator, having most likely smuggled himself over the Hungarian border, beyond our grasp.
Double the size of the City Garrison. Make sure this never happens again!
Barracks Looted!
Reports are coming in that one of our Barracks in Orosháza was looted late last night. A group of rebels were able to attack the base, overpowering the guards stationed there before looting the barracks. All together we lost 17 men once a body count was conducted after the fighters slipped back into the night. Thousands of rifles, hundreds of machine guns and two dozen crates of grenades are now unaccounted for, likely already having been proliferated between several underground cells in the province. If this equipment is allowed to remain out there, it will only lead to more issues in the future for us dealing with the rebels. What should we do?
Search all the properties in the area. Find those weapons!
Great Game Cut Short
Codreanu's revanchist gambit has failed and brought a national catastrophe. Bulgarians have triumphed over us yet again and enforced a humiliating peace treaty. No amount of beaten up \
Good luck, King Mihai.
Alliance with [FROM.GetName]?
The [FROM.GetAdjective] has proposed a bold alliance between the Italian and Romanian states. The purpose of this alliance - cemented by our shared, unshaken faith in the glory of the Nation above all - is to counter growing Yugoslav aggression, and support each other in our designs for the Balkans region. This alliance would be no mere political treaty, easily broken, but an oath of brotherhood sworn by our two nations, made to last until the end of time.
We shall be brothers-in-arms for eternity.
Uh, what?
Pact of Blood
The Venice Protocol was signed between the governments of Italy and Romania, pledging mutual assistance against \
To brotherhood!
Revising the [713.owner.GetAdjective]-Romanian Border
After the partition of Galicia and Lodomeria, [713.owner.GetName] obtained the territory of the former Duchy of Bukovina. This territory has been traditionally governed by the Moldavian elite, though the demographics have shifted greatly during the past century. The southern parts are still strongly Romanian, and if a plebiscite is arranged, would probably join us. We could ask the [713.owner.GetAdjective] government to allow a regional referendum in exchange for some trade agreements beneficial to them.
Do it.
Ignore it.
Revising the [713.owner.GetAdjective]-Romanian Border
After the annexation of Galicia and Lodomeria, we have taken control of the former Duchy of Bukovina. This territory has been traditionally governed by the Moldavian elite, though the demographics have shifted greatly during the past century. The southern parts are still strongly Romanian, and if a plebiscite is arranged, would probably join Romania. Bucharest has asked us to allow a regional referendum in exchange for some trade agreements beneficial to us.
Sounds fair.
We shall retain all of Bukovina!
Union with Bucovina
The [89.owner.GetAdjective] allowed the people of Bucovina to vote which nation they wish to belong, and many chose us. In agreement, we have drafted a treaty that will honour the wishes of the locals - and give [89.owner.GetName] a rather beneficial trade agreement, though that part is kept somewhat silent.
Welcome, brothers!
[713.owner.GetAdjective] Refuses Border Revision
The [713.owner.GetAdjective] government has refused to sell Bucovina to us. We'll have to try something else.
One day we shall take it by force!
Treaty of Suceava Payments End!
Due to our war with the [FROM.FROM.GetName], the Treaty of Suceava's payment clause is now null and void.
Romania has entered the war against us, and they have seen fit to cancel the payments stipulated in the Treaty of Suceava.
We shall pay the rest in bullets!
Understandable, I suppose..?
Alliance Against Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia has risen to great heights, crafting an empire of their own in the West Balkans. Their attempt of Balkans hegemony must be brought down.
Determined Autocrat
Corporate Contacts
Centre of the Carlist Cult
Centre of the Carlist Cult
King Under Surveillance
Protector of Democracy
Friend of the Legion
Green Prince
Legionary King
Cristian Racovski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1873, in Gradets, Vilayet of Edirne, Ottoman Empire§!
Gheorghe Gheorghiu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1901, in Bârlad, Tutova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Lucreţiu Pătrăşcanu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1900, in Bacău, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Barbu Lăzăreanu
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1881, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Mihalache
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1882, in Topoloveni, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dinu Brătianu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1866, in Stefănesti, Arges County, Romanian United Principalities§!
Alexandru Cantacuzino
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Ciocănesti, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA scion of the ancient princely Cantacuzino family claiming descent from the Byzantine Kantakouzenos dynasty, Prince Alexandru Cantacuzino is a very atypical nobleman. A firm believer in the precepts of the Legion of the Archangel Michael, Cantacuzino made himself remarked in numerous nationalist student congresses, holding fiery speeches denouncing what he saw as blights over his country. Rapidly rising through the Legionary Movement's ranks, becoming a member of the Captain's inner circle and making himself known as a theorist and as an efficient organiser, Cantacuzino became a minister in the Captain's cabinet after their rise to power. Cutting his teeth even more in the Spanish Civil War, the Prince returned home only to become embroiled in the escalating conflict between the Captain and the King.\n\nShocked by the assassination of Codreanu, Cantacuzino joined the fight, rallying many Legionaries to the cause and helping reorganise the movement for the struggle, emerging as a front-runner for the succession of the Captain. Soon enough, the zeal of the Archangel's men won out, and now the barred cross flies true above all of Romania once more. Having asserted himself as worthy of the position, the Legionary Senate has confirmed him as the Captain's successor, and now he stands ready to implement his vision over all of Romania, as its Conducător and Regent.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Ciocănesti, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Carol II
Back when he was just the Crown Prince, Carol II of Romania would've seemed like a most unfit person to take the throne of Romania, as shown by the Zizi Lambrino incident in the closing days of the Weltkrieg. His country's loss however, hit hard, and as he saw the malaise his future kingdom had fallen in, he swore to remake the country into that which it was supposed to be. An autocratic charmer par excellence, he used the small-but-rising Legionary Movement as a sledgehammer to further weaken the declining PNL and the Legionaries' old rivals, the National-Christian Defence League
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_carol_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$.\n\nNow however, the scheming King faces one last hurdle in his path towards redeeming his country; the very same Legionary Movement he once supported, and its shadowy Captain, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu. As clouds gather on the horizon of the post-Weltkrieg order, both King and Captain foresee opportunities to achieve their goal of national unification and breaking the other's power, and the King, though a flawed man, will act upon any opportunities that come his way to establish himself as his country's uncontested Sun.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_carol_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$, and now, he has cast them aside as well in the wake of the Stelescu incident.\n\nNow ruling uncontested over Romania, he plans to use his now-unassailable position to build Romania up into a true regional powerhouse, based on strong industry, bountiful agriculture, flourishing culture and united beneath its King's firm hand and unwavering gaze. Come what may, the united Romanian people shall be led forward to a bright future, and they will forever be indebted to their visionary monarch's guidance.§!
Nicolae I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1903, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in 1903, the fourth child of King Ferdinand and Queen Maria of Romania, Prince Nicolae seemed set for an easy life. Free from the responsibilities associated of the eldest son - albeit some scares like the Lambrino scandal did result in discussions on whether to begin grooming Nicolae for rulership - the younger Prince developed a passion for sports, cars and high-society life. In spite of his mother's protests, he fell for a woman, Ioana Dumitrescu-Doletti, daughter-in-law to liberal politician Nicolae N. Saveanu, who divorced her then-husband to be by her new beau's side. Unlike his brother however, Nicolae married his lover outright, violating the Statute of the Royal House and creating a rift between him and his brother; a rift that would lead him to make overtures towards the Legionary Movement.\n\nAfter his brother's abdication, Nicolae agreed to a deal between him and the ascendant Legionaries where he would take the throne if the Statute of the Royal House was modified accordingly to legitimise his marriage to Ioana. Now, as King, he continues to not show much interest in political affairs, preferring to focus on his own undertakings and hobbies instead.§!
Mihai I
Born to Crown Prince Carol and Princess Helen of Greece in 1921, the young Prince Mihai was marked by his family's tumultuous life and his country's malaise after the loss in the Weltkrieg. He has seen much over his relatively short life, and now he finally takes the throne after the fierce power struggle between his father the King and the then-Prime Minister, Corneliu Zelea Codreanu.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_mihai_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$\n\nA far more reserved individual than his bombastic father, Mihai's profound Anglophilia and appreciation towards the British monarchy drove him to begin renewing the dramatically-weakened democratic process in his country, seeing it as the way to truly heal the grievous wounds opened in the wake of the defeat in the Great War and that the national unification has started to patch up. It may be a heavy burden for his young shoulders, but the King feels that with proper guidance, both he and his country will overcome all adversities and go forward as one.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$ROM_mihai_hohenzollern_sigmaringen_desc_body$\n\nIn spite of his bigger appreciation of democracy compared to his ambitious father, the Legionary dominance of his government forces him to lay low. Though he would like to eventually restore the rule of democracy in his home country and fulfil the dream of his grandfather Ferdinand, the Green Hydra's stranglehold over his country is too formidable at the present date to dislodge. While they haven't moved against him, the greenshirts have learned from their mistakes with King Carol, and now the Archangel's men keep a watchful eye over Mihai's own undertakings. Though he finds relief in his interests of cars and planes, the young King faces a certain fright that if he does anything wrong he'll face the wrath of the Greenshirts, forcing him to at least silently acquiesce to their projects for now. Yet the young King hopes that some day he'll have his chance to finally uproot the Legion from its roost, restore democracy and mend his nation's wounds.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1921, in Peleş Castle, Sinaia, Prahova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Mihail Sturdza
Mihai I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1886, in Târgu Ocna, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as Prince Mihail Sturdza in 1886 into a prestigious princely family, the newly-crowned $ROM_mihail_sturdza_regnal$ is everything that Carol II was not: experienced, harsh, a true believer in the Legionary cause, and from a centuries-old Romanian family, unlike the Hohenzollern-Sigmaringens. He fought in the Great War, and after it became increasingly drawn towards the Legionary Movement, acting as their spokesman in high diplomatic circles.\n\nHis personal philosophy of governance is that Romania should be run like a barracks - well-organised, militarised, purposeful. Enemies of Romania - the communists and the corrupt - must be tirelessly fought. However, his main interest is in foreign policy. As a career diplomat, King $ROM_mihail_sturdza_regnal$ has a wide network of contacts across Europe, and has even expressed hopes of building an alliance of like-minded states in the Southern and Eastern European region.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1886, in Târgu Ocna, Bacău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Petre Dumitrescu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1882, in Dobridor, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Antonescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1882, in Pitesti, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Argeşanu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1883, in Caracal, Romanati County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Avramescu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1884, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ioan Racovita
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1889, in Bucharest, Ilfov County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Constantinescu-Claps
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1884, in Beceni, Buzău County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Macici
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1886, in Craiova, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Pantazi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1888, in Călărasi, Ialomita County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Ciupercă
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1882, in Râmnicu Sărat, Râmnicu Sărat County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ion Glogojanu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1888, in Râmnicu Sărat, Râmnicu Sărat County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Leonard Mociulschi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1889, in Siminicea, Suceava County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dumitru Popescu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1883, in Vădeni, Brăila County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Corneliu Dragalina
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1887, in Caransebes, Krassó-Szörény County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Florea Tenescu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1884, in Turnu Măgurele, Teleorman County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Radescu
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1874, in Păusesti-Otăsău, Vâlcea County, Principality of Romania§!
Constantin Tobescu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1893, in Comani, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Horia Macellariu
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1894, in Craiova, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Apostol
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1913, in Tudor Vladimirescu, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Virgil Madgearu
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1887, in Galati, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Iuliu Maniu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1873, in Simleu Silvaniei, Szilágy County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Constantin Angelescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1869, in Craiova, Dolj County, Principality of Romania§!
Alexandru Vaida-Voevod
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1872, in Olpret, Belső-Szolnok County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Armand Călinescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1893, in Pitesti, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Corneliu Codreanu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1899, in Husi, Fălciu County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Horia Sima
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1906, in Mândra, Fogaras County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ion Mota
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1902, in Orăstie, Hunyad County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ernest Urdărianu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1897, in Slatina, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Clime
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Oancea, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Constantin Papanace
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1904, in Selia, Imathia Province, Kingdom of Greece§!
Grigore Gafencu
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1892, in Bârlad, Tutova County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Tătărescu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1886, in Târgu Jiu, Gorj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Victor Slăvescu
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1891, in Rucăr, Arges County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Max Auschnitt
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1888, in Galati, Covurlui County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Nicolae Malaxa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1884, in Husi, Fălciu County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Mihail Moruzov
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1887, in Zebil, Tulcea County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Dimitrie Gusti
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1880, in Iasi, Iasi County, Principality of Romania§!
Emanoil Ionescu
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1893, in Movileni, Olt County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Ermil Gheorghiu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1896, in Botosani, Botosani County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Gheorghe Jienescu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1894, in Rast, Dolj County, Kingdom of Romania§!
Alexandrina Cantacuzino
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1876, in Ciocănesti, Dâmbovita County, Principality of Romania§!
