PNOP
Parti Nationaliste des Ouvriers et Paysans
PSP
Parti Socialiste Populaire
PSP
Parti Socialiste Populaire
PS
Parti du Salut
PPP
Parti Populaire Progressiste
PNIA
Parti National de l'Industrie Agricole
PL
Parti Libéral
PS
Parti du Salut
Junte Militaire
Junte Militaire
PUN
Parti de l'Unité Nationale
PN
Parti Nationaliste
Precarious Governance
The Haitian government lies on a thread - the position of [Root.GetLeader] hangs in the balance. Beset by opposing forces, one must solidify their grasp of the nation as soon as possible as the political situation in Haiti becomes increasingly unstable.
Crippling Illiteracy
We can't deny the elephant in the room; much of Haiti remains brutally illiterate, with schools heavily underfunded and most children being sent off to work at a young age. Higher education is typically reserved for French-speaking Haitians, and few resources exist for the average Haitian - those who speak Creole. While Haiti lags behind the rest of the world already, if illiteracy is not resolved, Haiti will continue to fall behind the rest of her neighbours.
£pol_idea $HAI_foreign_control$
Foreign Political and Economic Control
Despite the American withdrawal from their occupation of our island, Haiti continues to find herself placed firmly in the American economic sphere. Split between German and American economic interests, our people find themselves continuously exploited, and unless something significant happens to either power, we will continue to be subject to their hold.
American Economic Influence: [GetAmericanInfluence]\nGerman Economic Influence: [GetGermanInfluence]\nFrench Communard Economic Influence: [GetFrenchInfluence][GetENTInfluence]\n\n[GetRestrictions]$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_FACTORY_DONATIONS$: [?HAIeconomicinfluncecivs|=+0]\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?HAIeconomicinfluncepp|%+0]
£pol_idea $HAI_border_clashes_idea$
Dominican Border Clashes
Since the withdrawal of US troops, the Dominicans have begun to build up their forces on our border and grow even more aggressive in their actions. Despite our desire to hit back, Dominican bribes have neutered our army. We must clean up corruption and modernise our army at least a little bit to be able to defend our borders.
$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: [?HAIborderclashesORG|+=%1]\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?HAIborderclashesST|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?HAIborderclashesWS|+=%]
Black Monday
Our fledgling economy suffered a severe setback when the German economy collapsed with Black Monday. Rates of poverty continue to increase as more and more of our nation find themselves out of work. With its vibrations travelling far across the Atlantic and paralysing our already struggling economy, only time will tell whether or not Haiti's economy will ever recover to its former state.
A Young Democracy
For the first time in years, democracy has finally returned to the nation of Haiti. The road to democracy will not be easy, and there will be many obstacles to prevent our government from expressing the ideas of liberty, fraternity, and equality. A bold new course for our country but one that will undoubtedly be a beacon of freedom in the Caribbean!
State Economic Reforms
Taking inspiration from other economies worldwide, the state has decided to directly intervene in the Haitian economy to prevent its collapse. With an ever expanded role, the government will aid the Haitian people in rebuilding their collapsed economy into one greater than the likes of which any Haitian has ever experienced. Through state-mandated projects and construction, Haiti will be rebuilt into a stronger nation - one to inspire the rest of the Caribbean.
Socioeconomic Reforms
The average Haitian citizen suffered greatly in the wake of the economic collapse. Together we will be stronger and overcome what has hit us - the greatest financial disaster in Haitian history. As even our nation's motto emphasises fraternity, the government will take steps to ensure that social and economic reforms are administered to help alleviate the burden of their fellow Haitian brothers and sisters in these turbulent times.
Expanded Garde d'Haiti
Haiti will need law and order as subversive elements from abroad and inside plan to destroy our nation in the coming days. By strengthening the Garde d'Haiti and expanding its roles, we can ensure that our country will be safe in these times. Haitian citizens can sleep well with the Garde's security, knowing that dangerous individuals will have no place in our society.
Civil War!
The events following the election have led to widespread chaos across the island. Many are joining the ranks of Lescot and Calixte as the struggle for the soul of Haiti begins. Both sides will be eager to make moves to increase their momentum and hold over the island, but only time will tell who will be successful... £war_support_texticon [?HAI_momentum].
A Citizen Army
The army will be expanded to protect our nation from domestic threats and foreign threats, and incorporate more Haitian citizens. The Haitian military will be made up of loyal and diligent citizens to expand the army's role to protect and serve the Haitian nation.
Continued the Old Constitution
The Constitution will be restored to ensure the continued stability of the regime. Under these decrees, we will ensure that power is centred in the right hands and not in the hands of an unruly mob. This will ensure the strengthening of the Mulatto class, giving control to those who will use it best. Nonetheless, despite the re-establishment of the constitution, the lingering American and foreign grasp on our nation remains a constant reminder of our country's lack of complete independence.
Expanded Université d'État d'Haïti
The Université d'État d'Haïti is one of Haiti's most premier academic institutions. Dating back to the 1820s, the university's merger of various facilities has led to an expansion of the university. The school of medicine and law will be modernised to incorporate western studies - to ensure a future of bright Haitians. Haitian students will now have access to modern facilities for research and learning, greatly expanding our nation's academic prowess.
Importing Haitian Rubber
Enticing Third Internationale Investments
IEDC Investments
Burgeoning Tourist Industry
Enticing German Investments
Military Spending Cuts
Political Status Quo
Senate Reconvened
Subsidising Foreign Business
American Assets Seized
Research Assistance
New Army High Command
A Liberal Haiti
Planned Economy
Loyal National Unions
The People's State
A strong society requires a strong state, which begins with a strong foundation. From the ashes of the Civil War, and with aid from Calixte's leftist allies, Haiti has now set itself on the path to rebuild a stronger, better, popular state operating under a broad socialist vision.
Radicalised Garde d'Haiti
HAPAG
IEDC
Phalanstère
Haiti Focus Tree
Secure Council Support
We should primarily seek to win over members of the Council of State, and where possible the National Assembly. Funding can be shifted to fund 'gifts' and economic concessions for legislators in order to win them to our side.
A New Commander of the Garde d'Haiti
President Calixte has continued to serve as Commander of the Garde, much to the chagrin of even his allies in the Chamber of Deputies. In order to reach an effective political settlement, a new Commander must be appointed, but who should assume the position?
A New Minister of Justice
The failure of the political balancing act which grew out of Calixte's coup is inevitable. Thanks to a quirk of the Haitian constitution, however, the end of Calixte's executive authority may not be. In the event that no candidate is elected president, upon the end of the incumbent President's term, a council of certain ministers, chosen by the outgoing president shall be endowed with executive authority, and these ministers may concurrently hold elected office...
Black Monday Hits Haiti
The German stock market has been routed and with it, the world has slipped almost universally into recession. For Haiti, already suffering acutely from the economic turmoil in the United States, this is particularly worrying.
Secure a German Loan
The United States has not been forthcoming with promised economic assistance and has continued to use our debts to American financiers to affect our politics. Despite its own problems, we should instead look to Germany to keep our government financially solvent.
Secure an American Loan
We cannot forget the malign ways in which European nations once exercised their financial leverage over us. We should seek American assistance in order to keep our government afloat.
Civil Relief Programmes
With funding secured, we can at last attempt to address the depression directly rather than simply relying on market cycles to bring about recovery.
Decrease Military Spending
Without foreign support, we have no option but to scale back military spending. We must simply live with the consequences for our security and both popular and elite support.
Entice German Investments
The German Empire hopes to see its largest companies gain a foothold in Haiti rather than operating through local intermediaries. We should offer full access to German companies in exchange for hiring commitments.
Begin the Recovery
With the government balance sheet stabilised and new sources of stimulus secured, we can loosen self-imposed financial controls.
Lescot Victorious
Calixte has been ousted from power and Elie Lescot, a representative of the old order, has assumed the presidency.
A Conservative Haiti
While Elie Lescot's conservative leanings have always been clear, the continued dominance of conservatives within what was once the political opposition to President Calixte was far from certain. Nevertheless, the old order, though perhaps with a different character, has prevailed.
Continue the Old Constitution
The Constitution of 1932 is grounded in a strong political tradition. While its idiosyncrasies receive criticism, particularly the fairly ambiguous status of the Council of State and the Senate, the document should be amended, not replaced.
Reconvene the Senate
Under President Dartiguenave, the upper house of the national legislature, the Senate, was replaced by a temporary body for a period of one year - a mechanism enshrined in Haitian law for decades. Dartiguenave's decree, however, has been extended ever since. At long last, the time has come to restore the Senate.
Continue the Council of State
Under President Dartiguenave, the upper house of the national legislature, the Senate, was replaced by a temporary body for a period of one year - a mechanism enshrined in Haitian law for decades. Dartiguenave's decree, however, has been extended ever since. Rather than restore the Senate, the body should be eliminated from the constitution and the present Council of State enshrined in it.
Define Executive Authority
The constitution's vague definition of some of the powers of the executive allowed Calixte to bring the country to the precipice. In coordination with both chambers of the Assembly, we must draw up a series of amendments precisely defining the place of each body and restricting elected officials from concurrently holding appointed positions.
A Reactionary Republic
While many of the nation's foremost citizens express scepticism with our government's embrace of moderate reform, we must allay their concerns.
The Question of the Garde d'Haiti
The army has long been a source of national pride, Haiti was born from righteous struggle after all. It has also, however, long been a thorn in the side of civilian administrations. Indeed, we are only able to reverse the damage done by the Garde under Calixte's leadership. Going forward, we must ensure that the Garde is entirely under civilian supervision and reduce its societal standing.
A Liberal Haiti
Owing to his disagreements with other holdovers from the Borno days and more conservative nationalists, President Lescot has shepherded liberal nationalists to political ascendency while assuring his continued political dominance.
Attract Big Business
The largest companies have consolidated their dominance and increasingly established networks of subsidiaries the world over. While they may not be 'Haitian' in origin, we should actively court the entry of the world's largest corporations into Haiti. By positioning ourselves as a staunch ally of such companies, we will surely benefit.
A Haitian HASCO
Duties on luxury agricultural products sustain the state budget. The state must forge ahead and open new lands for their cultivation.
Expand Cash Mining
The mineral wealth of our nation remains almost entirely unsurveyed. To stimulate the development of the mining sector, landowners should be granted complete legal control over subterranean resources and provided with financial incentives to survey the resources beneath their plots.
Building an Infrastructure
Beyond the cities, for the transportation of goods and personnel, businesses must rely on a series of locally maintained dirt paths alone, often making use of pack animals. Let us take up the torch of infrastructural development again, expanding Borno's rail network into the most isolated parts of the country.
New Housing Projects
Informal settlements dominate the cities. New architectural developments, luckily, may at last allow us to address this issue. The state should construct standardised high-density apartment buildings over such settlements and lease units back to former squatters.
An Agrarian Economy
To begin to assess how to further our national development without compromising the primarily agrarian structure of the economy, we must tread carefully. A new commission of business leaders should be established to advise our government on how to accomplish such.
Modernise Farming Practices
Agricultural mechanisation has precipitated the explosive growth of farm productivity in the leading nations of the world. We ought to put government funding towards the acquisition and distribution of modern farm equipment.
Begin Electrification
Haiti has lagged decades behind much of the rest of the world in bringing electricity to the masses. Outside of the wealthier parts of Port-Au-Prince, electricity is the exclusive domain of the state. We must at last address this issue.
Begin Tourism
Haiti's natural beauty would surely appeal to the burgeoning travel industry if we only promoted our country as a potential destination.
Subsidise Farmers
Rich nations have ramped up agricultural subsidies, flooding peripheral markets with goods. While we cannot offer our farmers such a generous largesse, we can underwrite certain farm expenses.
Expand the Lumber Industry
Under the American occupation, lumber exports grew substantially. New forestry methods enabling the creation of vast tree plantations, however, were never put into practice. A bit of state capital is just what the lumber industry needs to transform itself into a lucrative beacon of modernity.
Rural Housing Projects
Many in the countryside live in squalor, jeopardising their work productivity. With state support for new housing developments in the countryside, agricultural production will surely grow greatly.
A Revitalised Economy
The economic depression which began in 1925 and reached new lows in 1936 is at an end. Our coffers overflow with the fruits of economic prosperity. We can put this money to use, expanding, rather than cutting back on, our most successful economic initiatives.
A New Constitution
The constitution of 1932, though steeped in tradition, represents all that is wrong with Haitian democracy and shows just how far Haiti has strayed from the ideals of its founders. An entirely new document must be drawn up mandating a more thoroughly democratic political system and reducing the power of the executive.
A Parliamentary System
In order to preclude abuse of power, the office of the presidency should be made mostly ceremonial while most executive power is transferred to the Speaker of the National Assembly. The transition, of course, shall be gradual, with President Lescot given time to campaign for the Assembly and the role of Speaker.
A Presidential Republic
The executive has proven effective in addressing national emergencies. In order to preclude abuse of the office, the President and his cabinet should be made accountable before the legislature short of impeachment and the speaker of the National Assembly invested with limited executive authority.
Dissolve the Garde d'Haiti
The army has threatened administration after administration. While a strong border force must be maintained, the army itself, the Garde, simply must be dissolved. Let us strike the iron while it's hot and eliminate the army while it is weak.
A Democratic Legislature
While Haiti was perhaps the first nation to formally establish universal suffrage, the realities of Haitian democracy has seen access to the ballot box severely restricted. With structural concerns sorted, we should invest in new electoral oversight mechanisms to ensure that every Haitian is aware of and able to exercise their right to vote.
Devolution
To ensure that the nation is never again dominated by a core of urban elites, we must lessen the distance between the halls of power and the common people. To accomplish this, municipalities and departments should be given greater administrative responsibilities and empowered to form their own directly elected governing councils.
Civil War!
Social order has collapsed in Haiti due to political turmoil. The fate of Haiti shall be decided by force of arms.
Mobilise the People
Most of the Garde has remained loyal to Calixte. As a result, we must invest considerably into the organisation of a new fighting force from among the common people by way of conscription as needed.
Mobilise the Garde
The rank and file of the Haitian Garde remain loyal to Calixte personally. As our ranks remain largely intact in much of the country, it will require only minimal effort to organise an effective fighting force.
Capture the North
With our forces consolidated, we should secure our power base in the north of the country.
Organise our Forces
The hastily assembled nature of our forces and command structure necessitate quick reform. We can apply experience gained from the American occupation and their civil war to develop a more effective force structure and win the hearts of our men.
Prepare the Push South
With the North of the country consolidated, we must draw up plans and prepare the men for the great thrust southwards.
Port-Au-Prince Liberated!
In a great symbolic victory, the capital has fallen to our forces. We must invest the necessary resources to consolidate control over the city.
Seek American Help
The United States is keen to see Calixte defeated. Now that we have the upper hand in the struggle for Haiti, the Americans should be willing to assist us.
Les Cayes is Ours
Les Cayes, once firmly under the control of Calixte's forces, has fallen. We should work to cement our control.
Seek German Help
The German Empire seeks a foothold in Haiti for its forces and businesses. We should be able to extract significant military aid from them in exchange for promises of concessions upon the war's conclusion.
Push on to Les Cayes
Les Cayes remains in a state of near-anarchy but is within striking distance of the main body of our forces. We should prepare an offensive to capture the city.
Seize American Weapons
Though it beat a hasty retreat from Haiti in the face of its own internal issues, the United States remains hostile to our government. We should take control of any remaining American materiel despite its inevitable objections.
Aftermath of the Collapse
The return of American forces to the continental United States has left not only equipment but also physical infrastructure behind in Haiti. We should catalogue and make use of disused American facilities.
Seize the Les Cayes Cache
Les Cayes is home to a large Garde depot and ammunition storehouse. Bringing these weapons under our control would most certainly be a boon to our forces.
North to Saint-Marc
The port at Saint-Marc supplies much of the country with foreign products. We must capture the port city and ensure its functioning.
The Final Offensive
Most of Haiti is ours. We must organise the men for the final thrust to the North against Lescot's forces.
Cap-Haitien is Ours!
Cap-Haitien, once firmly under the control of Lescot's forces, has fallen. We should work to cement our control.
Calixte Reelected!
Démosthenes Pétrus Calixte has secured another term as President of Haiti despite the continued misgivings of much of the established political class.
An Equal Haiti
The path forward for broad democratic reform lays open at last. While reform could potentially complicate policymaking in the near term, it shall secure Haiti's future.
Reform the Constitution
In a nation as stratified as Haiti, the basic law of the land must strive to provide access to the political process to the historically underrepresented. Let us draft a new constitution entirely from scratch.
A People's Assembly
The structure of the national assembly has historically favoured the political centre of Haiti - Port-Au-Prince, particularly its most famously wealthy burrows. Our new assembly, with deputies representing districts rather than a department at large and reservations for rural regions, will certainly bring much-needed change. With preparations made, let us immediately hold elections for the new body.
Expel Foreign Influence
To prevent a return to the time of foreign domination, members of the assembly should be prohibited from having any financial relationship with foreign citizens.
Court the Parti Populaire Progressiste
While owing to their opposition to Calixte's methods and the political power of the Garde, Haiti's liberals have come into conflict with President Calixte, but they share many of the president's political goals. We should extend the olive branch and bring them into government, offering key ministerial positions.
A Democratic Haiti
Free from the corruption of the mixed-race elite, President Calixte has restored democracy to Haiti. The new social democratic government will immediately work to ensure economic and social equality for the people of Haiti who have long suffered from injustice.
Diminish the Garde d'Haiti
The Haitian army has long been the vanguard of black political power in the face of mulatto political domination. The politicisation of the army, however, could serve to derail Haitian democracy. With Haiti on the path to freedom at last, the independence of the Garde must be curtailed with thorough civilian oversight and the establishment of clear rules governing political appointments to the Garde.
Expand Worker's Rights
Haiti has long oscillated between domination by foreign interests and protectionism. We should instead harness the foreign for the benefit of the people of Haiti. Before any concerted economic programme is put forward, a comprehensive charter of workers rights should be enacted.
A Strong Haiti
True democracy is still Haiti's destiny. Yet recent events have demonstrated the need for the Garde to maintain its leading role in politics. We must shepherd our great nation into a brighter future.
The State Economy
For the Haitian economy to survive, it must be the state that will dictate the course of the economy. Only under the state will the means of production be properly controlled and will protect business interests in Haiti.
Calixte's State
The civil war that threatened to break our nation apart was crushed by our indomitable resolve. The rebels have been destroyed, and Haiti's enemies are either dead or away in cowardly exile. It is time to heal the wounds of the civil war and unlock our true potential. Under Calixte, we will rebuild Haiti into the powerhouse she is meant to be and find our place in the sun!
Haitian Façade Democracy
While we agree that democratic values are essential, democracy can be dangerous in these unstable times. We have witnessed even the fall of the North American giant, and clearly, democracy could not save them there. With our new leader Calixte in charge, we will keep a watchful eye on the Assembly - this is how Haiti's new democracy will operate.
Expand the Garde d'Haiti
The army has long served as the bulwark of the people against domination by the political elite. It should naturally be given a direct role in civilian government if our nation is not to again find itself at the mercy of millionaires, planters, and captains of industry.
The Haitian Caesar
Like the great Caeser who led Rome to glory after securing it from his rivals, so has Calixte marched in Port-au-Prince in similar triumph! Saving Haiti in her hour of need, Calixte has indeed restored order, law, peace, and democracy to our nation. Under the leadership of a Haitian Caeser, the possibilities for us are endless, and our country will march forward with him like Caeser's legions to glory!
A Prosperous Haiti
We can't deny that Haiti's economy lags behind compared to the rest of the western hemisphere. However, with the new industrial and financial reforms pushed by Calixte, our country will surely catch up. With the state helping struggling businesses and industry, our reforms will transform Haiti into a prosperous nation.
The Kaffeemark
Since their reorganisation under state control, the many large sugar plantations across the country have begun to pay dividends. More funding should be earmarked for the expansion of the most profitable such sites.
[HAI.GetOldAdjectiveCap] Central Planning Committee
While Calixte may be a great man, he cannot alone dictate the entire course of Haiti's economy. To that end, a hand picked committee shall be established to successfully plan the nation's economy, free of the interfere of foreign control or greed.
Mass Nationalisation
It is impossible for the nation to thrive as long as its vital lifelines are held by those who value only their own interests, rather than those of the country's citizens. This must be rectified immediately, with the swift seizure of major industry from such malcontents who will only hold back the development of Haiti as a nation.
Expand Research Subsidies
Solving the nation's illiteracy crisis is a noble goal few can object to, and now that Calixte is free to pursue such goals without restriction, improving education in Haiti shall be one of the government's highest priorities. While this is not simple an issue that can be resolved overnight, it is hoped that by beginning with a great expansion of subsidies for all important fields of research, the benefits will slowly begin to disperse throughout the population.
State-Owned Trade Unions
The role trade unions play in the development of a nation cannot be understated, as perfectly demonstrated by other socialist nations throughout the world. Yet when left to their own devices, trade unions can easily be infiltrated by the self serving who wish to do little more than corrupt them from the inside. It shall therefore be decreed that all trade unions must be run by the state itself, the only entity truly free of such vice.
The People's State
A strong society requires a strong state, which begins with a strong foundation. From the ashes of the Civil War, and with our leftist allies, we can rebuild a stronger, better, popular state.
Subjugate the Assembly
The National Assembly has been nothing but a thorn to the people's lives and to our own ascension. Now that we control the organs of the state we can establish a proletarian vanguard.
Radicalise the Garde d'Haiti
The army has long been a hotbed of reactionary sympathies. Though the Garde d'Haiti is loyal to their leader, we have to be certain they follow the correct ideology.
Remove the Reactionary Opposition
There are many who openly doubt our nation's commitment to a socialist vision, who say that it is little more than false statements used to justify national tyranny and control. While they are of course wrong, the state cannot risk the continued spread of such falsehoods lest they mislead the population, and so steps must of course be taken to ensure that such reactionaries shall never be in any position where their lies can continue to fester.
A Revolutionary Haiti
Calixte has ascended to leadership of Haiti, and with this he is ready to bring in a new age of prosperity for all. No longer shall our country be held down and strangled by foreign intervention, by bourgeois democracy, by the Captialist overlords both at home and abroad. Our new Haiti will be truly great, under the guiding hand of Calixte
Negotiate with HAPAG
Our country will need expertise from overseas to help us modernise. As part of Calixte's ambitious plan to modernise the nation, we will hire advisors, technicians, and engineers from the German shipping company HAPAG to help build up our country as a truly modern state. They will aid in the construction and development of our cities and our infrastructure so that Haiti will be one of the most developed nations in the Caribbean.
Begin Education Reform
Our country lags behind much of the Caribbean when it comes to literacy; despite the Caribbean being very much underdeveloped in education, Haiti's illiteracy rates are particularly abysmal. Under the leadership of Calixte, however, this will change. To start off our education reform, we will begin enforcing compulsory education to ensure our children will become a generation of Haitian intellectuals.
Increase Education Spending
Our initial education reforms have been successful! We have received word that day and day, more Haitian children are attending school, but still, this is not enough. Our schools are heavily underfunded, and our government has proposed that we begin injecting money into them to ensure that our children have the best facilities possible.
Expand the Welfare State
Black Monday severely crippled our nation, putting more people out of work and onto the streets than ever before. Despite our slight economic recovery, it will take more than just the free market to help those who are struggling. The government will ensure that those who are desperate will have their needs care for - in these stressful times, the government must be looking out for their people.
Begin Industrialisation
With the assistance of our technical advisors and our growing financial reform, our next project in fully developing our nation is the start of industrialising Haiti. While we are indeed a tiny nation, we have the resources and space to begin industrialisation. Thanks to Calixte, Haiti will soon be the Caribbean's most premier economy.
Local Business Subsidies
Black Monday hit many local businesses hard; without the protection of their government - many companies were forced into bankruptcy. Now that our economy is slowly recovering, it is time to re-invest in our civilian economy. To encourage the growth of businesses, the government will grant them subsidies as an investment and help companies get back on their feet.
State Work Programmes
With the worst of Black Monday over, many Haitians still remain unemployed. This provides the Haitian government with a free workforce, and we can use this manpower to build government projects such as government housing, infrastructure, and schools. Not only will we be able to develop our economy, but this also gives plenty of Haitians the ability to work once again.
Expand Haitian Infrastructure
As part of our state work programmes, we will take steps to build infrastructure in Haiti - most of our network consists of poorly paved roads, and in some areas roads are simply non-existent. The political turmoil of the last years has also degraded what little we had, making it difficult for our people to use them as our nation's economy rises again. We will undertake an modernisation programme to build up Haiti's infrastructure while also providing jobs for Haitians.
Seize American Assets
The United States has clearly positioned itself against us and our future. Ever since their unlawful occupation of the islands, Haiti has been exploited repeatedly by our giant of a neighbour. As a result, the operations of American companies in Haiti and any assets must be taken over by the state to better serve the Haitian people. No longer shall we bound to the chains of the Yanks - their industries are rightfully ours!
Rural Electrification Programme
Haiti has lagged decades behind much of the rest of the world in bringing electricity to the masses. Outside of the wealthier parts of Port-Au-Prince, electricity is the exclusive domain of the state. We must at last address this issue.
New Housing Programme
Thanks to Black Monday and the years of political turmoil, many Haitians are out of their homes. We deeply care for the plight of our fellow Haitians, and thus we will take steps to resolve this. With aid from the government, we will begin a rigorous project to build up government housing. This way, we can provide Haitian citizens who are less fortunate with cheap accommodations and so that they can finally have a roof over their heads.
Assert Financial Control
Our economy has long been tied to that of the United States, and it would not be out of place to say that Haiti was indeed an American puppet. This made us incredibly weak and reliant on American goods, but not anymore. With the American giant involved in their own civil war, we can finally assert ourselves financially. Our nation will finally unlock our economic potential; no longer will we be reliant on others!
Expand Bauxite Mining
Our nation's natural wealth remains mostly unsurveyed and unexploited. A state mining company should be established to finally survey what lies beneath our nation and put our natural resources fully to work.
Subsidise Foreign Business
While we have developed our internal economy, Haiti has many resources that other nations would be interested in investing in. To further encourage investment in Haiti, we will provide subsidies to businesses. This will make other countries more eager to invest in our future, helping us finally rid ourselves of our financial problems.
The New Economy
When Black Monday hit Haiti, observers believed that this would spell a decades-long doom for us and that we would never recover to a pre-depression level economy. Calixte's government has proven them wrong, and now Haiti stands more robust than ever; our economy is finally booming. The worst days of the depression might be mentioned in our history books, but our nation will now experience a new economy, a new era of prosperity and wealth for all Haitians!
Mission to Ottawa
With the collapse of the United States as an economic hegemon on the North American continent, we must look northwards. The Canadian-led Entente Alliance may be a potential trade partner given their economic alliance of the IEDC. We should send a delegation to formally open up relations between our two countries.
Facilities for the West Indies Royal Fleet
Our neighbour, the West Indies Federation is a member of the Entente sphere. Providing additional facilities to the Royal Navy stationed there will help increase our ties.
Re-Establish French Ties
While relations between France and Haiti have been strained in the past given the fact that Haiti was indeed once a part of the French colonial empire, as we grow closer to the Entente we should re-establish our ties with the French state. We will strengthen our ties with the French people through our shared interests and values.
Acquire IEDC Engineers
As part of the Entente's economic community, we will have access to the IEDC's resources. The IEDC leadership has declared that they are willing to invest in Haiti's economy, and send engineers to our island nation to help on projects such as developing modern infrastructure.
Join ISAC
Our nation is lagging behind the rest of the world when it comes to academia and research. As part of our cooperation with the Entente, we will join the ISAC to enhance our research capabilities and help modernise our nation.
Trade Mission to Berlin
The current global hegemon is the German Empire. Only with Germany will Haiti find security, peace, and order. We will send a mission to Berlin to start the creation of cordial relations between our two nations.
Expand HAPAG Facilities
The German shipping company HAPAG has been the primary leader of German investment in Haiti. They have offered to build some manufacturing facilities and expand their base in Haiti further benefiting our economy.
Entice German Investments
Haiti contains resources that Germany is interested in, such as sugar and coffee. In addition to these industries, the Germans are also interested in developing our tourism industry. To increase Haiti's economic productivity, we will encourage the Germans to come and bring their businesses to Haiti; with the hopes that they will see Haiti as a worthy investment partner.
Subsidise German Businesses
The German Empire has few investments in the Caribbean, but now that our cooperation is increasing, we should seek to change this. To encourage further German investment, the Haitian government will offer subsidies to potential investors - this way, they are more likely to establish businesses in Haiti.
Purchase German Arms
The German army is the strongest in the world and has the most modern equipment. Haiti's arms industry is small, and most of our weapons come from foreign suppliers anyway. As part of the increasing German-Haitian cooperation, we will begin buying arms from the German Empire. Our soldiers will be equipped with the most modern weapons and supervised by German officers who are eager to train our army.
Attract German Immigration
Starting in the mid-1800s, Germans began arriving in Haiti due to our nation's limited competition and openness to free trade. While the Germans made up a minority of the Haitian population, the Americans seized German possessions during their occupation. Now that Haiti is free, we will return these possessions to their respective owners and encourage German immigrants as a new era in German-Haitian cooperation begins.
The Place in the Sun
With Haiti entirely in the German sphere, Haiti will now do its best to defend the interests of Germany in the Caribbean. The Germans will use Haiti as a coaling station to monitor their interests in the Caribbean while also safeguarding our nation from foreign aggressors. To that end, Haiti will help Germany accomplish their place in the sun while also transforming our state into a modern Caribbean nation.
Mission to the Commune
Haiti is, after all, a Francophone nation. With the Commune of France's stance on anti-colonialism, we will begin to establish diplomatic ties with the Commune of France and recognise their nation as the legitimate France. With the Commune's protection, we will be able to stand independent of the imperialist powers who wish to take advantage of Haiti.
Join the Phalanstère
With the establishment of diplomatic and commercial relations with the Commune of France, we have been given the option to formally join the Phalanstère. This will allow the Internationale to aid in our developing economy through investment, technology sharing, and giving us the tools necessary to build a modern economy.
Trade Mission to the Internationale
We will send a formal delegation to the tremendous socialist powers of Britain and France to negotiate trade and commerce between our nation and the Third Internationale. As diplomatic ties between Paris and London grow, we will encourage the Internationale to send us advisors and immigrants to help transform our developing nation into a Caribbean power.
Attract Investment from the Internationale
Our nation struggles to modernise and economic development while present still lags behind the rest of the western world. However, due to our growing cordial ties with the Internationale, the nations of the Internationale have expressed their desire to invest in our country. With their aid, we will be able to accelerate our modernisation.
Establish a Continental Navy Base
The old United States has fallen into civil war, and the old regime has been swept away by a revolutionary socialist one. While the new socialist America has promised to protect Haiti without interfering in our affairs, they have requested that we grant them a naval base to ensure security in the Caribbean. This will strengthen ties between our nations, but it will also encourage cooperation in maritime affairs and give us much-needed protection.
The Haitian Armed Forces
While originally a mere gendarmerie, the Garde d'Haiti has evolved into a full-fledged army. It and our growing border force must attain complete parity with hostile forces.
Dealing with the Dominicans
With the political situation stabilised, we can adopt what our people demand, greater belligerence towards the Dominican aggressors on the border.
Expand Defences
Despite persistent conflict with the Dominicans, no Haitian administration has properly fortified any section of the border. To augment our border units and ensure security should open conflict break out, we should harden the path to Port-Au-Prince from Santo Domingo.
An Elite Army
While the Garde was organised around an American-trained core, the largest share of the rank-and-file do not measure up. We should draw down the size of Garde and focus resources on training and supplying our units.
Centralised High Command
We should look to the victorious German army for guidance in formalising Garde high command - until now a mess of power politics and skullduggery.
Mass Mobilisation
Haiti is a small nation and to ensure our defence in a hostile world, every able man must serve his country.
Decentralised High Command
While politicking by Garde officers has sparked criticism and calls for greater central oversight of provincial officers, such a solution is far from ideal. We should instead empower such officers, granting them sole discretion over many key areas of strategic importance.
New NCO Training
The conflict at the border has provided the men with critical combat experience. Proposals to loosen restrictions on-field promotions for the rank and file have proliferated among Garde command and should be carried out. Many on the border have shown themselves more than capable to serve in an NCO capacity.
Improved Officer Training
A new officer school employing accredited foreign instructors should be established.
Ramp Up Army Inspections
The corruption plaguing our army has crippled many of its capabilities, putting in danger our ability to successfully wage a war against the Dominican Republic. A critical initiative to counteract this problem must be taken in order to root out the dishonesty and negligence of our command structure.
A Professional Army
The use of irregulars and ad hoc units must be phased out entirely. All under the Garde command structure must be cut from the toughest clothe.
Citizen Soldiers
Irregular formations have been essential to keeping order in Haiti. Rather than attempt to break with this practice, the Garde should create formal systems governing irregulars such as standard guidelines for election of irregular NCOs and a separate set of ranks and paygrades.
A Modern Army
To ensure operational integrity, we must bring the central arsenal in Port-au-Prince up to global standards.
Prepare for Total War
While Santo Domingo behaves cordially in formal diplomatic channels, its domestic rhetoric and frequent border provocations belie its true intentions. War, at this point, seems inevitable. We must prepare to confront the Dominicans once and for all.
Found the Air Corps
Aircraft have become central to the modern battlefield. If we hope to find success in battle, we will need an air force.
Consolidate Air Facilities
Civilian and former American airfields already dot the country. We must only take control of these facilities and retrofit them for use by the Air Corps.
Purchase Surplus Aircraft
To get the Air Corps going, we will, of course, need aircraft. Our friends abroad surely will allow us access to surplus equipment.
Develop Aeronautical Research
We ought to create a central air workshop to handle maintenance and modification rather than relying upon individual air bases to handle such things.
Haitian Election Season
It is election season in Haiti! With President Calixte finishing out former President Borno's term, Calixte must be reelected by the National Assembly and confirmed by the Council of State this spring. The elections to the National Assembly are scheduled for March 21st, and the presidential election is scheduled for April 6th. The Council of State must then ratify the election by May 15th, the start of the new term. With much of the Council and Assembly old institutionalists and against the president's 1933 coup, President Calixte must earn their support, or take drastic measures...\n\n§YNational Assembly:§!\n\nWe have the support of §Y[?HAI_assembly_support]/40§! Deputies.\n\n§YCouncil of State:§!\n\nWe have the support of §Y[?HAI_council_support]/21§! Councillors.
Strong-arm Councillors
While many Councillors of State have pledged loyalty to Lescot's coalition and have refused to ratify the election, there are perhaps a few that can be convinced.
Strong-arm Assemblymen
While many Assemblymen have pledged loyalty to Lescot's coalition and have refused to vote for Calixte, there are perhaps a few that can be convinced.
Nominate Councillor for a Cabinet Post
While many Councillors will refuse to be convinced, there are other avenues to remove their votes from the Council of State. Nominating them for a cabinet position would force them to surrender their seat and allow us to nominate a loyal member.
Meet with Commissioner Russell
While the American occupation is officially over, Commissioner Russell remains in Port-au-Prince representing the American interests in Haiti. He still carries a great deal of weight and he and Calixte have had a good working relationship over the last two years. Securing his support will be vital in securing re-election.
Secure the Election
In the end, promises and threats only go so far. We must be proactive in our moves to keep the presidency and ensuring that our candidates are elected to the National Assembly is the best way to do that, even if it technically \
Campaign in the North
A series of speeches in the northern fishing villages and the port of Cap-Haitien will be sure to draw the populace there to our side!
Campaign in the Rural Areas
The mostly black rural areas of Haiti have always been with President Calixte. Assuring their support with a popular campaign should be easy!
Campaign in the South
The major cities of Port-au-Prince and Les Cayes will be much harder to convince given their large mixed-race population, but with large working-class populations of black people as well we can still hope to gain a few seats in these areas.
Haitian Civil War
After the political crisis over the election of 1936, Haiti has fallen into a civil war! President Calixte - or, depending on your point of view, former President Calixte - has control of the capital of Port-au-Prince and Les Cayes. His Garde d'Haiti maintains order in the city, and he is hastily raising militias to secure control. In the north, an opposition coalition led by Élie Lescot raises its forces in Cap-Haitien. The coming war will determine control of Haiti.\n\nProgress towards victory in the civil war is done through the focus tree with victory achieved once the tree is completed. However, taking a focus requires a certain amount of £war_support_texticon momentum. £war_support_texticon Momentum is gained through the decisions below as well as random events. The future of Haiti is at stake, good luck!\n\nYou currently have [?HAI_momentum]£war_support_texticon Momentum.
Regroup and Retrain
Raise New Militias
Scavenge for Weapons
Make a Rousing Speech
Border Clashes on Hispañola
The Dominican regime has consistently been encroaching on Haitian territory. They have raided various border villages and then bribed our officials to prevent retaliation. President Calixte rose to power on the premise of stopping the Dominican raids, but Dominican bribery continues to be a thorn in our side. We must find a solution if we are to defend our border.\n\nHaitian corruption is currently at [?HAI.HAI_corruption|R%].\n\nDominican bribes have affected Haiti by:\n$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: [?HAI.HAIborderclashesORG|=+%]\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?HAI.HAIborderclashesWS|=+%]\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?HAI.HAIborderclashesST|=+%]\n\n[GetCorruptionStance]
§RIf corruption rises about 50%, we may be unable to deal with any Dominican threats.§!
§RIf corruption rises about 50%, we may be able to force Haiti to submit to our demands without fighting.§!
Bribe Haitian Officials
If we are able to successfully bribe Haitian officials and officers, we can convince them not to respond with aggression when we inevitably make our move against the border villages.
Investigate Corruption in the Army
There have been numerous reports of the Dominicans bribing our officials and officers. If too many of them are under Dominican influence, it may hamper our response if the Dominicans attack.
The Rubber Cultivation Project
As the Second Weltkrieg rages, our allies in the [Root.GetFactionName] have had their demand for rubber skyrocket. In this new age of motorised and mechanised warfare, rubber tyres have become an essential component of both planes and trucks. While the trees harvested for latex typically grow in Africa or Southeast Asia, it has been hypothesised by researchers at the University of Haiti that we could recreate a similar climate with diligent work. This programme will not be easy to develop, but it could prove both very profitable and very helpful for our allies in the [Root.GetFactionName].
Beginning the Rubber Development Programme
§CWe will attempt to acquire rubber trees with the help of our allies.§!
Acquiring Rubber Trees
Rubber Cultivation
Clear Land for Cultivation
Expand Investment into Rubber Cultivation with [FROM.GetAdjective] Funding
Ask [FROM.GetNameDef] for Additional Investment
Expand Rubber Cultivation
Foreign Assistance and Modernisation
Establish the University of Haiti
Expand the University of Haiti
Invite Technical Advisors
Invite Foreign Officers
Invite Infantry Military Contractors
Invite Artillery Military Contractors
Observe Naval Exercises
Has §Y10§! £war_support_texticon Momentum
$RIGHT|0=+$ £war_support_texticon Momentum\n
§RHigh§!
§YMedium§!
§GLow§!
§GWe will assert greater control over our finances.§!
\n§WEntente Economic Influence:§! [GetEntenteInfluence]\n
We will §Ggain§! the support of $RIGHT|C0$ §CDeputies§!.
We will §Rlose§! the support of $RIGHT|C0$ §CDeputies§!.
We will §Ggain§! the support of $RIGHT|Y0$ §YCouncillors§!.
We will §Rlose§! the support of $RIGHT|Y0$ §YCouncillors§!.
§gGerman§! influence will §Yincrease§!.
§BEntente§! influence will §Yincrease§!.
§RFrench§! influence will §Yincrease§!.
§CAmerican§! influence will §Yincrease§!.
§CAmerican§! influence will §Ydecrease§!.
§CAmerican§! influence will §Ydecrease greatly§!.
§BFrench§! influence will §Ydecrease§!.
§gGerman§! influence will §Ydecrease§!.
Is on Campaign
American Mandated Restrictions: §RGovernment Spending§!\n\n§WCannot Assign Ministers or Laws:§! §RYes§!\n
No Government Restrictions\n\n
Modify §YForeign and Political Control§! by\nCannot Assign Ministers or Laws: §GYes§!\nAmerican Mandated Government Restrictions: §GNone§!
Reconvened the Senate
Continued the Council of State
The £decision_icon_small §YInvestigate Corruption in the Army§! decision's effect will §Gdouble§! the % of corruption decreased.
The Monte Cristi Affair has happened
§RHaitian corruption will be lowered...§!
§RHaitian corruption will be greatly lowered...§!
§GHaitian corruption will be raised...§!
§RHaitian corruption will be raised...§!
§RWhile we are being forced out of the 3rd Internationale for now, we can return if the socialists return to power...§!
§YHaiti and its companies will own 100% of the rubber cultivated.§!
§YOur corporations will own a major stake in the profits from rubber cultivation.§!
§CWe will attempt to acquire rubber trees from abroad.§!
We are currently in a civil war
§RCorruption§! §Yhas been raised by §R10§!.§!
§YLescot§! has chosen to side with the §CEntente§!
§YCalixte§! has chosen to side with the §CReichspakt§!
§YCalixte§! has chosen to side with the §CInternationale§!
Border Tensions
Our Citizens in Their Council
Raided Our Compound
French Ties
Four years after the official end of the American occupation, Haiti rests on a precipice. General D.P. Calixte seized the presidency in a bloodless coup from corrupt American puppet Louis Borno just two years ago. Claiming to govern in the name of the working-class black populace, the mixed-race elite has rallied behind Elie Lescot, who leads a broad coalition in opposition to Calixte. Will President Calixte lead Haiti into a new era of equality and prosperity? Or will Haiti be in perpetual darkness...
GFX_HAI_intro
Haitian Independence Day
President Calixte and the elite of the Garde d'Haiti paraded through Port-au-Prince to celebrate Haitian Independence Day, a day which seems ironic to many considering Haiti's political situation. Haiti was occupied by the United States starting in 1915, and while the occupation officially ended in 1933, American restrictions are still severe.\n\nFollowing President Calixte's coup of former President Louis Borno in 1933, the Haitian-American relationship has become even more strained. With the establishment puppet Borno no longer around to do the bidding of American banks, they have struggled to get President Calixte to follow the agreements made by previous Haitian governments regarding Haiti's finances. As with anything in Haiti, race plays a major role. Calixte is loved by the poorer black population, including its most proud institution, the army. The mixed-race political elite detests Calixte and wishes to regain control of the political apparatus.\n\nWith the Haitian general elections on the horizon in April, Calixte will struggle to secure the support of the National Assembly to earn re-election, and struggle harder to secure support in the Council of State for ratification. Calixte has been presented with 3 options by his cabinet and clique of advisors. First, attempt to use proscribed methods to gain the support of Deputies and Councillors. Second, run a popular campaign and give up the title of Commander of the Garde d'Haiti as a gesture of good faith. Third, the most radical option, is to do anything within his power to prevent the ratification of a Lescot victory and appoint himself to his own cabinet, thereby continuing to rule by de facto authority even after his term has elapsed.\n\nOpposition leader Elie Lescot, who is supported by a broad coalition including the nationalist Sténio Vincent and liberal Jean Price-Mars, has made it clear that if Calixte loses legitimately and refuses to hand over power, he will resort to violence to protect democracy in Haiti.
§MCalixte Reelected§! - §MCivil War Avoided§! - §MAn Equal Haiti§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
Black Monday Hits Haiti
Disaster! Following the collapse of the German economy, German businesses and American financial institutions have sent shockwaves through Haiti. With unemployment already rampant in Haiti, this crisis is bound to exacerbate this issue. All the reforms that President Calixte has passed in the past few years are for nought.
Mein Gott!
Lescot Denounces Presidential Overreach
As President Calixte leaned hard on members of the Council of State and the National Assembly, the leader of the main opposition Elie Lescot denounced President Calixte in a speech to the National Assembly. While it may strengthen the resolve of opposition Deputies, Lescot has never liked Calixte and his speech will change few minds.
He doesn't matter.
Centrist Councillor Speaks out
In a harsh critique of President Calixte's electoral campaign, a centrist councillor has denounced Calixte as being undemocratic and borderline dictatorial. He claims that the practices made by the Calixte regime will bring an end to Haiti's democracy.
Silence him.
Let him go.
A Proposal from Casséus
As the election intensifies, we can dash away any hopes of a landslide victory. The election will most likely be bitterly contested and close. In order to increase our chances of winning, we may consider some \
It must be done for the preservation of Haitian democracy and order.
So this is how democracy dies...with thunderous applause.
Scandal on Campaign
Somehow while on the campaign trail, it was revealed that several members of the Garde d' Haiti had taken bribes from the Dominican Republic. Some claim that the bribes go as high as President Calixte himself. While the Garde's loyalty to Haiti is beyond doubt, this may be difficult to overcome politically.
Acknowledge that it is an issue that must be investigated.
Deny these crimes!
Assemblyman Announces Support for Calixte
It would appear that our efforts have bore fruit. Thanks to Calixte's charisma on the election trail and some \
One step closer to victory!
Price-Mars Remains Sceptical
The prominent doctor and politician Jean Price-Mars has spoken about his doubts toward President Calixte's regime. While Price-Mars has agreed with the President's left-leaning views, he has repeatedly denounced the President's authoritarian tendencies.
Sit down with him privately.
Call him out in the press!
Jean Price-Mars Endorses Calixte
It appears that Calixte's arguments and discourse have swung Price-Mars' favour. With the progressive cause behind us, we shall be victorious!
Excellent!
Jean Price-Mars Rebukes Calixte
Price-Mars has denounced Calixte as a despot, claiming that Calixte's tactics and policies will only spell for democracy in Haiti. Given the doctor's popularity among the educated and his own support base, this is a serious setback for the Calixte movement.
What a fool.
Calixte Sworn In as Minister of Justice
With it clear that President Calixte will not win reelection in the National Assembly, his advisors have devised a scheme through which he will stall ratification and continue to govern as de facto president through the cabinet. As the Haitian constitution is not clear what happens if no president is selected by June 10, it is widely accepted that the former president's cabinet would continue to rule the nation. With President Calixte now also a member of his own cabinet, he can continue to govern even after his term has expired.
Whoever thought of that is a genius!
National Assembly Protests
Declaring our campaign as one that is fraudulent and full of corruption, members of the National Assembly have protested against us. They have pledged to do everything in their power to block Calixte from gaining the presidency. Our hold throughout the nation is quite secure, and these fools will soon learn that they will be on the wrong side of Haitian history.
Who cares?
Councillors Caught Colluding with Lescot
We have received news that some of the councillors are outright colluding with Elie Lescot. While we do have a fair amount of support on our side, this gives Lescot's side an advantage. While we can just let them be, to solidify our chances of victory we can ask the Garde to persuade them otherwise.
Arrest them, and issue pardons for their votes.
Let them go.
A New Commander of the Garde d'Haiti
The time has come to appoint a new commander for the illustrious and elite Garde d'Haiti. The institutionalists in the National Assembly support Alfred Auguste Nemours, while many in President Calixte's inner circle support Paul Magloire, a young officer loyal to Calixte personally and politically.
Choose Nemours.
Magloire has always been loyal.
The American Collapse
The unthinkable has happened. For years, while the United States was plagued with economic disorder and instability, its constant presence in the Caribbean made Haiti a virtual puppet. For years, the Haitian people suffered - the United States Marines brought nothing but misery to our nation. The US-backed projects did nothing but bring the corvee system to Haiti, making Haiti into a slave state yet again. No more. The colossus of the New World has broken out into an all-out civil war and has fallen on her knees. There is no doubt they will be unable to rule over us like the imperialists they are. Once again, Haiti's chains are broken.
My God.
The Aftermath of the Monte Cristi Affair
After the Dominican Army slaughtered thousands of Haitian citizens in the border town of Monte Cristi tensions have risen massively between the Dominicans and our government.
We must be ready.
Reports of Bribery
While [HAI.GetLeader] has tried hard to crack down on Dominican excursions over the border, his efforts continue to be remanded by his field commanders. A junior officer has reported that the Dominicans have bribed these commanders to stay quiet and refuse to crack down on the Dominican soldiers.
We must crack down on the Dominicans!
We cannot afford to catch these traitors.
Haiti Arrests Officials
Reports from our border agents indicated that the officers we bribed have been arrested. While this has not helped them solve the underlying problem of corruption in their ranks.
We must continue to undermine them.
Haitian Officers Successfully Bribed
Our spies across the border and informants in our own army units reported that in the last few weeks Dominican officials have issued another round of bribes to our officers in the field. Coinciding with reports from the same units that there has been no activity from the Dominican side of the border, we can assume that these officers are not to be trusted.
Tensions build...
1940 Haitian Elections
In perhaps what has been Haiti's largest ever and most extraordinary election, Haitians from all corners of the island voted at polling booths today - eager to partake in the country's seemingly democratic vote. Tensions are running high, and at the end of the day, thousands gathered at the country's capital at Port-au-Prince to hear the election results. Competing this year is none other than current President Calixte, leader of the Progressives Jean Price-Mars, and Sténio Vincent's Nationalists. A bitter and ideologically contested election, the results are in, and the winner is...
In perhaps what has been Haiti's largest ever and most extraordinary election, Haitians from all corners of the island voted at polling booths today - eager to partake in the country's seemingly democratic vote. Tensions are running high, and at the end of the day, thousands gathered at the country's capital at Port-au-Prince to hear the election results. Competing this year is none other than current President Lescot, leader of the Progressives Jean Price-Mars, and Sténio Vincent's Nationalists. A bitter and ideologically contested election, the results are in, and the winner is...
General Lavaud promised new elections, and now he has delivered! Following the seizure of power by the military, new elections have been called to finally return democracy to Haiti. Haitians from all corners of the island voted at polling booths today - eager to partake in the country's seemingly democratic vote. Tensions are running high, and at the end of the day, thousands gathered at the country's capital at Port-au-Prince to hear the election results. The candidates among the candidates are Sténio Vincent, leader of the Nationalists, Paul Magloire, now the leader of Calixte's old party, as well as Jean Price-Mars, the leader of the Progressive Party.
General Lavaud promised new elections, and now he has delivered! Following the seizure of power by the military, new elections have been called to finally return democracy to Haiti. Haitians from all corners of the island voted at polling booths today - eager to partake in the country's seemingly democratic vote. Tensions are running high, and at the end of the day, thousands gathered at the country's capital at Port-au-Prince to hear the election results. The candidates among the candidates are Sténio Vincent, leader of the Nationalists, Paul Magloire, now the leader of Calixte's old party, Jean Price-Mars, the leader of the Progressive Party, and Max Hudicourt, the leader of the Socialist Party.
President Calixte wins re-election in a landslide.
Elie Lescot's Liberals win re-election!
Jean Price-Mars' Progressives are victorious!
Sténio Vincent's Nationalists claim victory!
Max Hudicourt will reassure our socialist allies!
Paul Magloire is the man for the job!
The End of the Second American Civil War
The dust has settled and [361.owner.GetNameDef] has arisen from the ashes. How will they transform their nation and Haiti?
The Americans return.
A change of ownership.
Haiti Wants to Join the [Root.GetFactionName]
With the breakout of war in America, the small Caribbean nation of Haiti has suddenly found itself free and independent, but alone in the world. As tensions across the globe heat up, the Haitian government has not been blind to the dangers of their new position, and after building a series of new economic ties with our economic sphere, have now petitioned us for membership in the [Root.GetFactionName].\n\nOur foreign office has discussed this proposal at length - while Haiti isn't exactly known as a powerhouse on the world stage, their strategic position in the centre of the Caribbean Sea would help us conduct operations across the whole region, which includes some sizeable mineral reserves and the ever-important Panama Canal. Furthermore, some more optimistic minds believe that Haiti may be able to sustain some rubber plantations, if given some capital to develop them. Perhaps we should take Port-au-Prince up on their offer?
Of course!
We have no need of them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Us Membership in the [From.GetFactionName]
For whatever reason, [From.GetNameDefCap] has decided that they cannot accept us into their faction. Apparently, our proud nation is little more than a liability to the so-called giants of the world stage.
Damn them!
Inquiring with [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] On Rubber Cultivation
As the Second Weltkrieg drags on, it has become clear that rubber will be a vital resource. As access to Africa and Asia are far from guaranteed, we have proposed to [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] that we begin to develop rubber in Haiti.
Let's hope they are on board!
Haiti Proposes a Rubber Development Programme
As the Second Weltkrieg has dragged on, it has become clear that rubber will be a vital resource. As access to Africa and Asia are far from guaranteed, Haiti has proposed to us that they begin to develop rubber cultivation. This could not only allow us to have easier access to this precious resource, but also enable us to make a tremendous profit in the process.
This is a great way to get Haiti back on its feet!
A great idea to benefit us both!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to our proposal and is excited to get production started. In fact, they are so excited to get production started, they have agreed to let us take all of the profit and put ownership entirely in the hands of the Haitian government and Haitian corporations.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to our proposal and is excited to get production started. However, they have stipulated that some [FROM.GetAdjective] companies take a portion of the ownership of the plantations to ensure that they are properly run. While we are confident we could run them ourselves and the loss in profit is not great, it does allow for a foreign company to take on some of the liability.
Fantastic news!
As expected.
Chaos in the Government
Following the government's collapse to Dominican demands, both the army and National Assembly are up in arms over the failure of [HAI.GetLeader] to hold them accountable. In order to prevent complete collapse, General Franck Lavaud and a clique of army officers have seized control of the government and arrested [HAI.GetLeader]. While democracy is temporarily suspended, General Lavaud promises that elections will be held on the normal term in 1940 to elect a new government.
We cannot afford to look weak.
Radicalisation Increases
The political response to our backing down over the Monte Cristi affair has not been positive. Both Sténio Vincent's Nationalists and Jacques Roumain's Syndicalists have begun to gain popularity.
That's not good...
National Assembly Elections
Finally after a long and bitter campaign between both sides, the Haitian National Assembly Elections is upon us. From Port-au-Prince to Port de Paix, Haitians nervously await the election that will determine the next president of their country.
We await the presidential election.
We await the presidential election.
National Assembly Votes for President
In their first meeting, the new National Assembly has met to elect the new President of the Republic. With the votes freshly tallied, we await the results...
Victory!
We are defeated...
The Assembly deadlocks!
Council of State Ratifies the Election
The Council of State has met to ratify the election. While there was some question as to whether institutionalist supporters of Lescot would refuse to ratify, they have done their duty and ratified the election result.
Victory at last.
President Calixte Declares Victory!
Following the vote from the National Assembly, President Calixte has declared victory. While some may claim our tactics in the election were less than honourable, that is simply the price of allowing President Calixte to continue his work and improve Haiti.
Whatever it takes to win.
Lescot Gathers Support
Following the National Assembly's declaration, opposition leader Elie Lescot has begun to gather supporters in the north, some of which are rumoured to be armed. While war is not yet inevitable, it appears Lescot is not taking this lying down.
That's not good...
Council Refuses to Ratify the Election
While the National Assembly was elected in a free and fair election and decided to re-elect President Calixte, Elie Lescot's friends in the Council of State are making wild claims about the way in which we won this election.
There was no fraud!
Haitians Riot in the Streets
Following the refusal of the Council of State to ratify the election, Haitians flooded into the streets of Port-au-Prince to both protest and counter-protest the Council's decision. It is clear that this will not have a non-violent resolution.
The battle for the future of Haiti is now!
Lescot Raises Supporters in the North
Following clashes in the streets, Elie Lescot has raised militias in the north loyal to his cause. While he does not yet have the manpower to challenge our forces in the field, he has funds and if the international community believes he can win, he may yet win.
The Haitian Civil War has begun...
Lescot Declared the Winner
Following the elections to the National Assembly, opposition candidate Elie Lescot was declared the victor.
Damn, we fought well.
Stop the count!
We must prevent ratification at any cost!
Council of State Ratifies the Election for Lescot
Following the vote by the National Assembly, Lescot's friends in the Council of State officially ratified the election. His extreme corruption cannot be tolerated.
Let's have our 'supporters' protest.
Our Supporters Riot in the Streets
Despite the Council of State's ratification of the election, our supporters are protesting their decision.
They are only demonstrating their rights as Haitians!
Lescot's Supporters Counter-Protest
While our supporters protested the results, Lescot has drummed up a bunch of thugs to beat up our legitimate peaceful protestors.
He is the legitimate president!
Terrorists!
Calixte Disperses Garde Troops in the capital
Following clashes in Port-au-Prince, President Calixte has ordered the Garde to keep the peace. They clashed with gangs backed by Lescot, but did manage to secure the city.
Begun, the war has.
American Support Arrives!
Despite just ending their occupation a couple of years ago, the American interest in Haiti is still strong. They have chosen to support us in this conflict, and we will ensure their support is not misguided.
Much appreciated, Yanks!
A Meeting with the German Ambassador
Following the beginning of the Haitian Civil War, and the continued breakdown of the American political system, Germany has begun to express interest in expanding their holdings in Haiti. With our regime desperate to gain the upper hand, these talks with the German government are vital.
We must secure German support!
Haitian President [HAI.GetLeader] Asks for Support
With the Haitian civil war raging between incumbent President [HAI.GetLeader] and challenger [HAI.HAI_presidential_opponent], [HAI.GetLeader] has asked for our support. In exchange, they promise that Germany will gain a friendly port in the Caribbean and be able to expand their influence in the Americas.
We shall back the legitimate Haitian government.
We shall not take sides.
Germany Shall Support Us!
Following talks with the German foreign minister, Germany has agreed to support our cause in exchange for economic and foreign concessions after the war.
Excellent!
Germany Shall Not Support Us
Talks between our government and the German foreign ministry have broken down following irreconcilable differences. It has become clear that Germany has rebuffed our advances.
Their loss...
Bribing Councillors
While Lescot may win the election and support of the National Assembly, we can still hold on to power if we were able to block ratification in the council of state. However, our meetings with Councillors of State have made it clear that their corrupt support of Elie Lescot knows no bounds. We may have to find other motivations to gain their support.
It is the only way...
Lescot Unable to Secure a Majority in The Council of State
Our tactics have paid off. Despite claiming victory in the National Assembly, his election has not been ratified by the Council of State.
Success!
Cabinet Minister Challenges Calixte's Authority
While Démosthènes Calixte may have been the president, he is not now, technically - not anymore. As he is merely now Minister of Justice, a minor cabinet minister has refused to follow a dictate, arguing that Calixte has no legal power to do so.
Order the Garde to arrest him.
We cannot upset this delicate situation.
Raiding the American Compound
This morning under our orders, Garde troops stormed the American compound to seize the valuable weapons and supplies left behind after the occupation. We will have a better chance of securing victory over the rebel forces with these modern American armaments. While the few marines stationed there put up a valiant effort in a brief skirmish, Commandant John Russell surrendered after realising the hopeless plight of their situation.
At last, Russell is powerless.
The Fate of American Facilities
Despite the seizure of the main American compound, the Americans still have a network of facilities across Haiti. Their supplies will ensure we can both secure Haiti internally and help against the Dominican menace.
We should seize American facilities and equipment
Protestors Clash in the Streets
Our peaceful protestors clashed with Elie Lescot's rioters following the announcement of deadlock in the National Assembly. Violence has spread from the Parliament Building almost to the Presidential Palace as their terrorists tried to break into the Parliament Building.
Declare martial law!
Perhaps they have a point...
Centrist Councillors Believe the Election to be Legitimate
A group of centrist Councillors, who believed that President Calixte was a threat to democracy have announced today that they have changed their minds and believe that Calixte has proven himself to be a defender of democracy. They have announced they support the ratification of the election.
Fantastic news!
President Calixte Addresses the National Assembly
Following the successful ratification of his election, President Calixte addressed the National Assembly and Council of State. In his speech, he outlined his plans for Haiti. [GetAmericanSituationHAI] In the speech he announced that...
Following a victory parade in Port-au-Prince, President Calixte addressed the mostly black remaining members of the National Assembly. In his speech, he outlined his plans for Haiti. [GetAmericanSituationHAI] In the speech he announced that...
President Calixte must continue to rule by decree.
We must explore a new social-democratic constitution for Haiti.
As the American political crisis worsens, the Commander-in-Chief made it clear that Haiti must chart its own course.
As the United States' civil war continues with no end in sight, it has become clear that Haiti must chart a new course.
President Calixte Opens the People's Assembly
Following the Haitian Constitutional Convention, President Calixte announced the formation of a new People's Assembly, elected with universal manhood suffrage. Now, the assembly is meeting for the first time. They all took their oaths of office, pledging to uphold liberty, equality, and fraternity. Still revered as both an expert politician and incredible military commander (some even making comparisons to the great Toussaint L'Overture), President Calixte has even attracted the mulatto elite of Port-au-Prince to attend to the festivities.
A representative government at last!
The Question of the Garde d'Haiti
As the American occupiers began to leave in the early 1930s, President Calixte's Garde d'Haiti began to take its place. However, now that President Calixte has begun to give up power to a truly democratic government, questions have begun to be raised over whether the Garde has too much power. Even though it is no longer led by President Calixte, one questions whether its power is still too great.
Its power must be diminished
It is our pride, we must maintain law and order!
Victory!
President Calixte has led us to victory in the civil war! The last of Lescot's militias escape to the hills to fight a desperate guerrilla campaign, and the traitor Lescot himself has surrendered. President Calixte has decided to merely put him under house arrest, as it is clear his political power has been sapped.
A parade is in order!
Choosing a New Benefactor
As the United States is embroiled in turmoil and their presence has become more and more chaotic over the past few months, many in our government have suggested that we turn to a new great power to both help us secure our debt and protect us from other powers.
Germany has supported us in our struggle, there is no question!
We are socialists, we must align with the Internationale!
$haiti_calixte_events.5.b$
Haiti Aligns With Us
After so much upheaval, the nation of Haiti appears ready to fully enter the international arena on our side. The government in Port-au-Prince has released a rapid-fire series declarations regarding a number of international issues aligned with our own positions. Haitian diplomats have also sent out feelers conspiciously meant to gauge our willingness to enter into a military alliance with the country. It seems the country is likely to formally broach the subject of alliance on some future day, perhaps tomorrow or perhaps years from now, but someday.
Splendid.
Opening of the German Base in Cap-Haitien
As part of our agreement with the German government in exchange for debt relief and economic investment, we have leased Germany some land in the port city of Cap-Haitien to build a naval base. As Germany attempts to project power in the Caribbean, we may now be the central staging area for further German expansion in the region.
This is the best trade deal in the history of trade deals!
Haiti Grants Docking Rights
The 'i's have been dotted and 't's crossed. Following a series of back-and-forth discussions initiated by the Haitians themselves, a new agreement with the small island nation has been signed. Buried amidst the platitudes and legal boilerplate, Haiti has agreed to host our warships.
Diplomacy's bounty.
Paul Magloire Resigns in Protest
A principal lieutenant of President Calixte Paul Magloire resigned in protest yesterday after Calixte refused to write a new democratic constitution. A general who was perceived as having leftist sympathies, Magloire may soon attempt to travel to France and support the small leftist movements in Haiti from exile.
No matter.
Replacing Calixte as Commander of the Garde d'Haiti
Now that President Calixte has pledged to hand over some power to a democratic government, many are beginning to call for him to step down from his position as Commander of the Garde d'Haiti.
General Magloire will make an excellent replacement.
Proposing the Haitian World Exposition
As Haiti rebuilds itself from the destruction of the civil war, some Haitians are proposing that we show the world that we are not the backwater that many believe. As a demonstration of the modernity of black culture, the exposition will show the urban beauty of Port-au-Prince, Haiti's desire for international cooperation, as well as Haiti's unique culture and historical monuments.\n\nThe proposal calls for a gateway arch, a new convention centre, and a massive infrastructure improvement to cater to the foreigners that will arrive. All in all, it is an extremely ambitious project, but one that will hopefully yield tremendous economic, diplomatic, and political results for Haiti.
As Haiti transitions to its new government, some Haitians are proposing that we show the world that we are not the backwater that many believe. As a demonstration of the modernity of black culture, the exposition will show the urban beauty of Port-au-Prince, Haiti's desire for international cooperation, as well as Haiti's unique culture and historical monuments.\n\nThe proposal calls for a gateway arch, a new convention centre, and a massive infrastructure improvement to cater to the foreigners that will arrive. All in all, it is an extremely ambitious project, but one that will hopefully yield tremendous economic, diplomatic, and political results for Haiti.
A worthy endeavour!
The Rising Costs of the Haitian World Exposition
While construction on the arch and convention centre are proceeding on schedule, the cost of labour and material is far above budget. As it is far too late to cancel the project or scale back, we have no choice but to allocate more funds.
It will be worth it in the end...right?
The Opening of the Haitian World Exposition
The Haitian World Exposition opened today with massive crowds greeting the foreign dignitaries and marvels that awaited them. The Arch and convention centre were completed on time, though well over budget, as representatives from the Commune of France, the Papal States, Argentina, Cuba, Guatemala, the Socialist Republic of Italy, Mexico, Venezuela, and the West Indies Federation were all in attendance.\n\nA telegram from French Chairman [FRA.GetLeader] was read aloud along with a parade by a small company of Communard soldiers. Many of the dignitaries gave glowing reviews of both their accommodations and the opening ceremonies.
The Haitian World Exposition opened today with massive crowds greeting the foreign dignitaries and marvels that awaited them. The Arch and convention centre were completed on time, though well over budget, as representatives from the German Empire, the Papal States, Argentina, Cuba, Guatemala, the Kingdom of Two Sicilies, Mexico, Venezuela, and the West Indies Federation were all in attendance.\n\nA telegram from German Kaiser [GER.GetLeader] was read aloud along with a parade by a small company of German soldiers. Many of the dignitaries gave glowing reviews of both their accommodations and the opening ceremonies.
A fantastic start!
The World Exposition a Success!
Following the closing ceremonies, President Calixte received word from his foreign office that messages of congratulations have been arriving all day congratulating Haiti on its tremendous accomplishment. It is clear that we have changed the worlds' view of our nation.
A remarkable event!
The World Exposition a Failure!
Following the closing ceremonies, President Calixte received word from his foreign office that while a few messages of congratulations had come in, the exposition had mostly fallen flat. After the initial excitement about the expo had worn off, most of the dignitaries found themselves bored and unimpressed. Despite all the money put into the event, there seems to be little to show for it.
Get me the organiser of this charade on the line!
President Calixte Visits a Cockfighting Ring
As cockfighting is an extremely common sport in Haiti and throughout the Caribbean, it was only a matter of time before President Calixte made his way to a public match. Claiming that he was a fan of the sport while a child and teenager, the President appeared to enjoy watching the two cocks attack each other. He did not take part in any betting, but did seem to know what to do and when, much to the approval of the locals in attendance.
Always fun to see a couple cocks going at it!
Leftists Criticise President Calixte
With the end of the civil war and the consolidation of state power many of Calixte's allies on the left who have once believed in his cause have begun questioning his actions and rethinking their loyalties. Some of them, mostly close acquaintances and prospect ministers, have outright told him their disappointment toward the new regime. For the sake of national stability, perhaps a different approach should be considered.
They are a threat to Haitian unity!
Having a strong state does not mean we should ignore the people...
The Question of the Haitian Upper House
In the constitution written in the late 1910s by Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Philippe Sudré Dartiguenave, the document outlined a Senate which would serve as an upper house to the National Assembly. However, the Americans preferred to use the Council of State, a much smaller body and one they could more easily control. They insisted that upon withdrawal, they would reinstate the Senate. However, when former President Borno was elected in 1932, he refused to reinstate the Senate, and instead also preferred to deal with the Council of State.\n\nWe now have the option of continuing to use the Council of State, or resurrect the Senate.
Continue the Council of State.
Reconvene the Senate.
The Question of the Constitution
The Haitian Constitution has been through so many changes and revisions some completely question its authority. However, many also argue that it has withstood numerous tests, including the recent election and strife between President Lescot and former President Calixte. President Lescot must now decide whether to write a new constitution, or continue with the old version.
Write a new constitution!
Keep the old constitution
President Lescot Addresses the National Assembly
President Lescot addressed the National Assembly yesterday to update them on the writing of the new Constitution. Many of Lescot's advisors now question whether we should adopt a parliamentary government, much like the ones developed and used in Europe and in Canada. Others advocate for the presidential republic that we have had for decades.
Lescot will continue the authorities of the Calixte presidency.
Lescot pledges to devolve further authority to the legislature.
Should we invite Jean Price-Mars into the Government?
Following the speech by President Lescot, some in our government have proposed inviting Jean Price-Mars, leader of the Progressive Party into the government. A liberal at heart, yet wary of authoritarians, we may be able to convince him that we mean well and gain his powerful voice for our government.
He would be a worthy partner
Never!
Victory!
President Lescot has led us to victory in the civil war! The last of Calixte's militias escape to the hills to fight a desperate guerrilla campaign, and the traitor Calixte himself has surrendered. President Lescot has decided to merely put him under house arrest, as it is clear his political power has been sapped.
A parade is in order!
Lescot Opens the New Legislature
Following the general elections, President Lescot opened the new legislative session with a speech to the National Assembly. He praised the democratic spirit of the Haitian people, and decried the reactionary populism of former President Calixte.
An excellent speech!
Choosing a New Benefactor
As the United States is embroiled in turmoil and their presence has become more and more chaotic over the past few months, many in our government have suggested that we turn to a new great power to both help us secure our debt and protect us from other powers.
Germany has supported us in our struggle, there is no question!
The Entente nations are our natural allies!
The Question of the Garde
Long an institution of black leadership and abused by the former dictator Calixte, the current leadership of the Garde d'Haiti has been a pain to deal with for far too long. Many also claim that it is an outlet for black social mobility and without it, they would turn to revolution. At least while as a member of the Garde they can be watched and controlled. As a result, many claim that we should keep the Garde as is so as not to upset its leadership structure.
The Garde needs a change of leadership.
Keep the Garde as is.
Vincent's Proposal
Leader of the Nationalist Party Sténio Vincent met with President Lescot today at the Presidential Palace. In the meeting, Vincent strongly denounced the presence of the syndicalist Parti Socialiste Populaire. He named them as un-Haitian, traitors, and spies for the 3rd Internationale. He officially asked President Lescot to not only denounce their activities, but actively ban them from organising and meeting.
He is right, they are too dangerous to be left alive!
That would only strengthen them.
Whispers of Rebellion
President Lescot is not popular among the largely black populace. However, he remains secure through his brutal network of police chiefs, known as section chiefs which alert the Minister of the Interior Georges Léger to any rumblings of rebellion within army garrisons, through maroons in the wilderness, or any general discontent on large farms. Léger has reported to us that there is some chatter in the army over whether Lescot is truly the man for the coming war against the Dominicans, or whether former President Calixte's lieutenant Paul Magloire would be more suited for the job. While this may sound dangerous, these are low-level officials, and Léger has made it clear that there is no wider discussion of a coup plot.
We must be wary.
Issues with High Command Reform
With President Lescot's announcement that the high command of the Garde d'Haiti would be completely reformed, many of the lower-level black officers have had issues with this development. While they aren't numerous enough to make a serious challenge, it could still hamper the efficiency of the reforms. We can ask the section chiefs to crack down at individual army units, or we can organise around them, knowing they are discontent.
Crack down.
Let them be.
Haiti
Haitian
Haiti
Joseph Jolibois Fils
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in the Republic of Haiti§!
Jacques Roumain
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1907, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJacques Roumain, prolific poet, once a close associate of both liberal and Noirist writers alike, together with a close-knit group of like-minded ideologues, founded the Haitian Syndicalist Party and began the formalisation of the fragmented Haitian left. While he would alienate his liberal and Noirist once-allies in the process, the movement he created propelled him to the forefront of opposition to the authoritarian regime of Louis Borno.§!
Max Hudicourt
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1907, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Démosthènes Calixte
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1896, in Fort-Liberté, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LColonel Démosthènes Pétrus Calixte is a black, United States-trained, Haitian commander, and the President of Haiti since 1933. Calixte and his clique took power in a context of Dominican provocations on the border, that then-President Louis Borno was not able to deal with by allowing military buildup. The departure of the last brigade of American marines allowed Demosthènes Calixte, in his role of Commander of the Garde d'Haiti, to depose the President and take power. However, despite his reformist views, Calixte was forced to oblige American demands, represented in Haiti by High-Commissioner Russell. Calixte has promised to respect the imposed financial constraints and some of the limits in trade and foreign policy. While some of his planned reforms, such as the desired army buildup plan, or the cessation of the much-hated civil conscription were able to go through, most of his other promises were stopped in Parliament. The sweeping constitutional reforms that aimed to elect the President by popular suffrage or to abolish the Council of State were constantly blocked, mostly because of the decisive influence of American money and political pressure.\n\nCalixte thus rules in an authoritarian manner, using decrees and leveraging his powerful position as both President and the Commander of the Garde to stay in place. But now, President Calixte is between a rock and a hard place. He hasn't abandoned his dreams of reforming Haiti into a democratic state free of foreign influence, but he first has to deal with the continued influence of the Americans, the corruption of many officials, and the doubtful fidelity of the political factions that aligned with him. As Calixte loses more and more control, rumours of a palace coup grow noisier. But the authority of the Commander is still strong and no person can say what his future might look like.§!
Paul Magloire
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1907, in Quartier-Morin, Republic of Haiti§!
Jean Price-Mars
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1876, in Grande-Rivière-du-Nord, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Haitian doctor, teacher, politician, diplomat, writer, and ethnographer, Jean Price-Mars served as secretary of the Haitian legation in Washingto, D.C. and as chargé d'affaires in Paris during the Weltkrieg. Taking his surname from his mulatto father and the mulatto writer Hannibal Price, Price heard stories of Haitian folklore from the earliest days of youth — giving him the respect of Haitian traditions. Price-Mars is a champion of Négritude, the belief in a shared \
Louis Déjoie
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1896, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Elie Lescot
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1883, in Saint-Louis-du-Nord, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPresident Elie Lescot was originally a pharmacist in Port-de-Paix, in the north of the country. A representative of the interests of the mulatto elite, he entered politics before the Weltkrieg and then took on several posts in the governments of Louis Borno and Demosthènes Calixte. He however never relinquished his independence, and made alliances only out of pure interest. Comforted by his favourable standing among the Americans and the Germans, Lescot was able to take power following the fall of President Calixte. Lescot now plans to bring liberal and democratic reforms to Haiti, and to dismantle the socialist-inspired policies of Calixte. The issue of constitutional reform is one that is still to be answered for the new government. As Lescot's attachment to democracy is debatable, it is unsure how much say the President plans to give to democratic institutions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1883, in Saint-Louis-du-Nord, Republic of Haiti§!
Sténio Vincent
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1874, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSténio Vincent is an old character of Haitian politics. Already active before the Weltkrieg, he was briefly the mayor of Port-au-Prince from 1907 to 1909, and was a member of Dartiguenave's government from 1916 to 1917. A member of the Conservative Party, he first supported the American occupation before radically turning against it in the 1920s. From then on, Vincent was constantly a leading figure of the opposition as the head of the Nationalistes, opposing both Louis Borno and Démosthènes Calixte for their collaboration with the American occupiers. The victory of President Vincent in the 1940 elections came as a surprise to many of the elite, but well-informed observers have known for long his popularity among the popular strata of the capital. His platform, revolving mostly around the end of American occupation and national independence, appeals to the Haitian masses who hope to one day see their country free of foreign influence.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1874, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
John Henry Russell Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1872, in Mare Island, California, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral John H. Russell's long tenure as American Marine Commissioner for Haiti suffered only a minor hiccup with the withdrawal of American Marines from the country, with him still keeping a close eye on the affairs of Haiti's civilian government. While sympathetic to the Haitian people and holding surprisingly tolerant racial views, Russell is loyal only to the United States.§!
Franck Lavaud
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1903, in Jérémie, Republic of Haiti§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in the west of Haiti, Franck Lavaud graduated among the top of the Military Academy and rose rapidly through the ranks of the Haitian army. Reaching the post of Chief of Staff of the Garde under Elie Lescot's presidency, he was then appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Haitian army. The commander always stayed far from politics, and is dedicated above everything else to the good of his country. This is what motivated him to move against President Lescot after his failure dealing with the Dominican Republic. The weakness of the president would have led to the weakness of Haiti, which Lavaud can't accept\n\nLavaud announced already that he doesn't mean to rule for long, as he is not a politician. His main goal is to organise elections and ensure the peaceful continuity of the Haitian state\n\nIn much the same way and despite his apolitical position, Lavaud grew to despise the factionalism riddling Haitian politics and regularly leading the country to international humiliation. The general, supported by the armed forces and a large part of the population, thus intends to suspend political life until the stability and strength of Haiti can be restored.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1903, in Jérémie, Republic of Haiti§!
Carl Brouard
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1902, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Alfred Auguste Nemours
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1883, in Cap-Haïtien, Republic of Haiti§!
Antonio Thrasybule Kébreau
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1909, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Durcé Armand
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1895, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
J.D. Sam
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1859, in Ouanaminthe, Republic of Haiti§!
Philippe Thoby Marcelin
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1904, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Dumarsais Estimé
§YBorn:§! §LApril 21st, 1900, in Verrettes, Republic of Haiti§!
Cléante Valcin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1891, in Port-au-Prince, Republic of Haiti§!
Alix Pasquet
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1919, in the Republic of Haiti§!
Hausaland
Hausa
Hausaland
Combined Hausa Communes
the Combined Hausa Communes
Combined Hausa Communes
the Combined Hausa Communes
Combined Hausa Communes
the Combined Hausa Communes
Hausa Federation
the Hausa Federation
Hausa Federation
the Hausa Federation
Hausa Federation
the Hausa Federation
Hausa Federation
the Hausa Federation
Sokoto Caliphate
Sokot
the Sokoto Caliphate
Malam Jafar ibn Ishaq
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Zazzau Emirate, Sokoto Caliphate§!
Siddiq Abubakar III
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1903, in Dange, Colony and Protectorate of Northern Nigeria§!
JS
Jam'iyyar Sadaka
JM
Jam'iyyar Musulunci
Hausawa Ƙungiyar
Hausawa Ƙungiyar
Hausawa Tarayya
Hausawa Tarayya
DKS
Daular Khalifar Sakkawato
JZ
Jam'iyyar Na Zamani
JyK
Jam'iyya Yan Kasuwa
JJ
Jam'iyyar Juyi
JJ
Jam'iyyar Juyi
JK
Jam'iyyar Kwaminis
