Zhas Kazaktar
Zhas Kazaktar
$KAZ_totalist_party$
$KAZ_totalist_party_long$
$KAZ_totalist_party$
$KAZ_totalist_party_long$
Alash Party
Alash Party (Zhanar Faction)
$KAZ_social_democrat_party$
Alash Party (Progressives)
$KAZ_social_democrat_party$
Alash Party (Old Guard)
$KAZ_social_democrat_party$
Alash Party (Nationalists)
National Unity Government
$KAZ_authoritarian_democrat_party$
Military Government
$KAZ_paternal_autocrat_party$
Zhas Tulparlar
Zhas Tulparlar
Kazakhstan
Kazakh
the Republic of Kazakhstan
Kazakh Socialist Republic
the Kazakh Socialist Republic
$KAZ_totalist$
$KAZ_totalist_DEF$
$KAZ_totalist$
$KAZ_totalist_DEF$
Triumphed in the Central Asian War
Saken Seifollauly
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1894, in Karaganda Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Alimkhan Yermekov
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1891, in Karkaralinsk, Semipalatinsk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Alikhan Bukeykhan
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1866, in Tokyrauyn, Semipalatinsk Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlikhan Nurmukhameduly Bukeykhan was a part of the Kazakh upper class from birth - he was a direct descendant of the khans of the Bukei Horde, an autonomous Kazakh state which surrendered to the Russians in the 19th century. He acquired his higher education in Saint-Petersburg and grew up influenced by Kadet liberalism and moderate socialism - ultimately, this drew him to become a member of the Kadets and a diligent campaigner for Kazakh independence. After the Revolution of 1905, he split off to found the Alash Party - a moderate liberal political party advocating for an autonomous Kazakh entity in a greater Russia. This dream became real after the February Revolution of 1917, when, thanks to Aleksandr Kerensky's support, Bukeykhan was sent to Kazakhstan in order to organise a congress of Kazakhs in Semipalatinsk.\n\nDuring the Russian Civil War, the Alash Autonomy became a battleground between several factions, and was able to leverage its stalwart loyalty to assert the integrity of its territory. Having achieved the primary goal of his life, Bukeykhan retired from his position as President and allowed democracy to take charge, until the disastrous Tashkent Crisis nearly destroyed the Alash Party. Forced into power on the back of the emergency, continued partisan infighting has forced the father of the Autonomy to extend his rule, whether he likes it or not. At this point, the 70-year-old Bukeykhan is simply... tired. Especially tired of the Russians. And as long as he is given a chance, he will not hesitate to break the Autonomy away from this rotten structure.§!
Mustafa Shokay
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1890, in Akmeshit, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Sadyk Amanzholov
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1885, in Vernensky, Semirechensk Oblast, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into the Kangly clan of Semirechye, Sadyk Ayukeyvich Amanzholov studied law in the Kazan Imperial University before working as a legal mediator throughout the Kazakh regions of the Russian Tsardom. When, in response to the February Revolution, Kazakh nationalists formed the Alash Party, Amanzholov served as one of the founding members of the young Alash government, organising police and self-defence units in the Zhetysu, Almaty, and Shaushek regions throughout the turbulent times of 1917. As famine gripped the Kazakh regions, Amanzholov worked tirelessly to source and distribute food in spite of the red blockade of the region alongside fellow Alash leader Bazarbay Mametuly, and the two men forged a close friendship. As the Civil War heated up, Amanzholov was forced to lead his young militias, despite his complete lack of military training, receiving a trial by fire, along with some serious wounds, in battles against the Bolsheviks throughout 1918.\n\nHaving proven his mettle, Amanzholov would go on to lead the Alash security forces, quasi-independent native military units under Russian oversight, as well as the nationalist faction of the Alash Party. Amanzholov has maintained a network of officers in Turkestan and Kazakhstan, and was the primary architect behind the 'Officer's Conspiracy', a group of anti-Russian Alash leaders who long plotted a revolt against Russian dominion. As the undisputed figurehead of the Kazakh uprising, Amanzholov has been named provisional president with sweeping emergency powers - powers he intends to use to free his people from centuries of oppression and humiliation.§!
Bauyrzhan Momyshuly
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1910, in Orak Balga, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Bazarbay Mametuly
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1888, in Sarkand, Semirechensk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Mukhamedzhan Tynyshbayuly
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1879, in Lepsinsk, Semirechensk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Smagul Saduakasov
§YBorn:§! §L1900, in Akmolinsk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Sultanbek Kozhanuly
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1894, in Aksumbe, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Zhumabay Shayakhmetuly
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1902, in Borisov, Akmolinsk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Army Reform Group
§YFounded:§! §Lin Verny, Semirechensk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Malik Gabdullin
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1915, in Pukhalskoye, Akmolinsk Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Akhmet Baitursynuly
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1872, in Orenburg, Orenburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mirzhakyp Dulatuly
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1885, in Sarykopa, Turgai Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Zhakhansha Dosmukhameduly
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Zhympity, Ural Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Ualidkhan Tanash
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Grachevsky, Astrakhan Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Khalel Dosmukhameduly
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Toi-Sogan, Ural Oblast, Russian Empire§!
[KAZ.GetName] Focus Tree
Independence at Last!
For years we kowtowed to Moscow, suffering injustices and humiliations to retain our hard-fought autonomy, while whatever Russians who once respected our treaties and agreements dwindled away, suppressed and assassinated by chauvinists and jingoists. We will not allow our government to be written away by executive decree, and we will not allow our people to be extinguished by the tides of fate. No, we will fight for our freedom!
Surviving the Onslaught
It is one thing to declare independence, it is another entirely to be independent. The Russians aim to crush us, to subjugate the steppes as their Muscovite forefathers did nearly a century ago. Whether our nation survives or returns to the dustbin of history, we will go forward into the night with our heads held high, and give no ground without spilling Russian blood.
Unite the Commands
With our military assembled in shadowy meetings and clandestine hierarchies, it is little surprise that our current forces are divided, disorganised, and far from a cohesive army. Each headsmen with ten able bodied has taken to calling himself a commander, and many units operate with next to no oversight or coordination. If we plan to face the might of the Russian army in battle, our units must answer to some sort of higher authority.
From a Militia to an Army
The Alash Army was formed under the Russian Republic, but was a backwater for unlucky Russian officers who commanded over Kazakhs as conquerors. With our drive to get rid of Moscovites, many units have overthrown their commanders and joined our cause - but these soldiers are far too often disorganised and incapable of standing against the Russian army for now.
Elevate the Supreme Commander
While others cowed to the enemy in the congress halls, one man conspired under the cover of darkness, laying the foundation for our glorious rebellion. Wise and experienced, there is no candidate better suited to lead the Free Kazakh Army than Sadyk Amanzholov.
Build a National Redoubt
When order was restored to the Semirechye Host in the years following the end of the Russian Civil War, the nationalists cast deep roots into the lands surrounding Almaty, forming a network of loyalist settlements which served as the bedrock of our revolt. Now, we must fortify this region, lest the ironclad heart of the rebellion fall to our enemies.
Train a Professional Army
Any shepherd with a matchlock is a militiaman, and our revolution has no shortage of militia. Creating a true army, however, requires a significant investment of resources and time, both of which are currently in short supply. We will need an army, however, if we hope to match up against the might of a modern opponent.
War for Survival
This is a war for the very survival of our nation and our people. If we lose against the Russian menace, Muscovite settlers will continue to pour into our ancestral homes, casting us further and further south. Our fight is not one of conquest or of ideological struggle! We shall not perish!
Strengthen the Pact
While the Officers' Conspiracy has long worked in the shadows to organise resistance, it was not until Amanzholov and Shokay formed their anti-Russian pact that our insurgency transformed into a true revolution. While it is difficult bridging the gulf between the Pan-Turk ideologues and the conservative militia commands, it will be necessary for victory.
The Rise of the Pan-Turkists
Years of Russian rule and Alash corruption has left the majority of the populace politically indifferent, preventing them from contributing towards our bid for independence. There is one movement that has remained strong in the face of this political stagnation: the Pan-Turkists, bolstered by years of domination in the schools and among the recently graduated.
Integrate the Turkestani Units
The Turkestan National Army is a disorganised mess of paramilitary bands and hardened warriors. While some of his men are veterans of a decade long insurgency in the Turkestan Republic, the majority are restless young men, completely unprepared for combat. Some of these veterans can be brought back from the front to train this rabble so that it can be incorporated into our army.
Our Connections to Istanbul
The Pan-Turkist movement has connections both across Central Asia and among many of the leading Ottoman intellectuals and political leaders. By leveraging these connections, we would have the ability to enhance our legitimacy and strengthen our army with Ottoman support.
Absorb Alash Patriots
The Alash Party started with a glorious ideal but would go on to become poisoned by decades of political stagnation and electoral domination. This does not mean that the members of the various Alash factions were entirely corrupted by their greed and lethargy. There are still patriots among their ranks, whose support could prove vital in the battle to come.
Kazakh Kemalism
It would be an understatement to say that the founding fathers of our young republic worship Mustafa Kemal Gelibolu and his Ottoman experiment. The new Kazakh nation will have to be shielded from the greed and stagnation of the Alash remnants and their deeply entrenched stranglehold over Kazakh politics by a vanguard of committed and driven leaders, who operate above the fickle whims of the populace.
Strengthen the Executive Council
With the urgency of the present conflict, we have little room for discussion or compromise in the matters of national security. In response, we have centralized power around a supreme Executive Council which has managed to cut through the red tape. By strengthening and institutionalising this council, we will be able to avoid the stagnation and turmoil of parliamentary infighting.
Form the National Security Committee
We cannot simply succeed on the battlefield if we hope to survive, we must also secure our homeland from the danger of fifth-columnists and defeatists. A specialised force of anti-insurgency police must be empowered to arrest any and all dissidents who would threaten the security of our republic.
Anti-Corruption Policing
For years, elements of our nation have grown fat off of the hard work of our people through grift and guile, leeching away the life-blood of our nation for their own personal gain. The focus of our policing must be on culling this corrupt cabal, and if some of our opponents happen to be caught up in these investigations, who are we to complain?
The Tulpar Rises
Created by mixing the features of the traditional hunting animals of the steppe (the hawk and the horse), the winged horse has long been the unofficial icon of our people. By incorporating its image into our state symbols and extolling the virtues it represents, we can forge a new identity for our young nation, one which could serve to unite all Kazakhs under one banner.
Overcoming our Deficits
The steppes have little in the way of industrial resources, and years of Russian neglect have had their toll on our modernising efforts. Now that we have cast off our shackles, we have the opportunity to bring our nation into the future by rapidly building up heavy industry through direct state intervention.
Build up Caspian Sea Ports
Since its construction nearly a century ago, Fort Aleksandrovsky has granted those who occupied it control over much of the Caspian, a fact which was only reinforced at the height of the Civil War when Red and White warships clashed outside its waters. By expanding its infrastructure, we will better be able to influence trade in the Caspian.
Reassess the Rails
Our rail network is closely tied to Russian rail, leaving us vulnerable in the face of future northern aggression. By creating new railways purpose built to connect our lands, we will further our economic efficiency and better be able to coordinate our armies.
Seize the Traitor Settlements
For years, the Russians have bled our nation dry, driving us from the north and sneering at our feeble attempts to negotiate. Now, for the first time in centuries, it is us Kazakhs who have the upper hand. We will not waste this opportunity! The Russian landowner will no longer deprive our brave brothers of their country!
Absorb the Ultranationalists
While the base of support for our revolution has always been Kazkah traditionalists and nationalists, there are some on the fringe of this movement, monarchists and ultranationalists, who lent their support for our revolution, yet were barred from positions of prominence within our government. Such loyalty should not go unrewarded, especially when elements of our state apparatus would be very well suited for their zeal.
Kazakhs, not Alash
The Old Guard of the Alash Party, preoccupied with their flowery phrases and devious compromises, intended to surrender the security and liberty of our people in exchange for their continued dominion. Luckily for us, they no longer rule over these lands. The remnants of the “Alash Project” must be wiped away, and the efforts to break down the Kazakh identity in favour of Pan-Turkism must be reversed.
Linguistic Unification
Every time a citizen of our republic speaks the Russian tongue, the scars of colonial rule shine brightly. While the Alash Old Guard was happy to elevate Russian as an equal to our mother tongue, we will not stand for this injustice. The Kazakhification of our republic will begin in the schoolhouses and the government halls. If our citizens are truly to be freed, they must be united behind one common banner and one common language.
Soar Above the Steppe
Oyan! Qazaq! We have lived heads bowed for too long. No more! This vast steppe belongs to us, has belonged ever since the Göktürks. The Russian colonizer will be driven away, and their Alash lapdogs purified from our society!
Ethnic Tensions
Almost every fifth citizen of the Alash Orda is a Russian settler, either descended from the first Russian colonists who came here centuries ago or they're part of the great wave of immigrants which were brought here in the early 1900s by Pyotr Stolypin. The discrepancy in influence between the minority Russians and majority Kazakhs has created heated ethnic conflicts, and even a form of segregation as most Kazakhs fled to the southern lands, away from Russian settlements in the north. As if that wasn't bad enough, the settlers themselves are also frequently in conflict with other ethnic groups such as Cossacks and Uyghurs.
Alash Militias
During the Russian Revolution, the fathers of our nation formed bands of local militias, who defended our lands against the Soviets and aided the White Armies in their violent struggle. These defence committees did not simply disband at the close of the conflict, but instead our government organised them into the Alash Army under the Russian command. Once again, our nation is threatened by total conquest, and many units overthrew their Russian commanders to join our cause.
Centralised Command
Our soldiers are led by a number of different tribal leaders, cossacks, warlords, and generals. Only by uniting these forces under one command, namely that of the experienced general and statesman Sadyk Amanzholov, can we hope to survive the onslaught.
Military Rule
The rule of poets, professors, and orators is fine when the goal of your government is negotiation and conciliation. Unfortunately, the time for talk has passed, and the time for action is now.
Land Reform Efforts
For decades, our traditional homelands have been unequally distributed among its peoples. By redistributing property away from wealthy landowners and predatory settlers, we will ensure stability, security, and prosperity.
Fight for Freedom!
Turkish Military Mission
Rising from Ashes
Father of the Militias
Father of the Kazakhs
Rule by the Sabre
Idealistic Poet
Weary Peacemaker
Charismatic Protege
Defiant Guerrilla
Forgotten Khan
Winged Devil
Modernisation Advocate
Kemalist Visionary
Liberator of the Captive Turks
Turanic Brothers
The Alash Party, formed in the aftermath of the February Revolution, was able to achieve a breakthrough for the Kazakh peoples: autonomy under a federal Russia. Under its rule, the newly-formed Alash Autonomy was able to quickly recover from the civil war with support from Moscow. But after the coup in Tashkent, the autonomy's relations with the central government have only worsened, and its southern neighbour continues to harbour Kazakh dissidents. With Savinkov beginning his plans to redistribute Kazakh land to the Russians, there is only one path for Kazakhstan: freedom or death.\n§rNOTE: You will start the game as Turkestan.§!
Our New Capital
The northern borders of our nation are the most densely populated, but also the most vulnerable in any potential future conflict with Russia. Thus it is clear that capital cannot be put there, even though towns like Alash-Qala have a long tradition as centers of Kazakh culture. There are two obvious candidates for the capital city: Almaty or Karaganda.\n\nAlmaty, Verniy in Russian, is the most industrialised city in our country, and its southern and mountainous location does make it protected against any threat from the north - and it is where our great national revolution began. However, Almaty has a significant Russian population, and is right at the Turkestani border.\n\nKaraganda, on the other hand, lies in the center of our country, is deeply Kazakh and represents the very soul of our nation. But Karaganda is barely developed, and it will take time and money to build the necessary infrastructure there.
Settle in Almaty.
Karaganda it is.
The Kazakh Delegation
The Provisional Prime Minister of the new Kazakh Republic, Mustafa Shokay, has made the first official state visit of the young republic, to no other place than [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Shokay met with [TUR.GetLeader] and spoke in the parliament, addressing the Turks to lend support to the desperate cause of the brothers of Turkestan. Shokay was a delicate speaker, and vividly described the hardships of the Turkestan National Army and the good work that has been done with Madamin Bek and Sadyk Amanzholov to undermine the Russian cause in Turkish lands. Shokay himself is an admirer of Mustafa Kemal, and perhaps the most vocal champion of Pan-Turkism in Central Asia, wishing to go beyond mere Kazakh nationalism. Shokay's visit drew much attention in the capital, and raised public awareness on this faraway fight that our brothers in the north are fighting.
We are strong together.
Mission to Almaty
The Kazakhs have petitioned for us to send a proper military mission there, to train and organise their young army. Most of their military leaders only served as junior officers in the Russian army, and they are greatly lacking in professional officers. In [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], General $TUR_huseyin_husnu_erkilet$ has emerged as a particularly staunch supporter of the Kazakh cause. In his meeting with the government, he argued that it is our moral duty to help those Turks less fortunate in their circumstances, and that the Pan-Turanist cause is more important than any political consideration. $TUR_huseyin_husnu_erkilet$ volunteered to lead such a mission himself, believing that the fight of the Turks of Central Asia is the beginning of a new golden era for Turkic peoples - but only if it succeeds.
Go, and teach them to win.
We will deploy a mission, but his duty is here.
Seems like a lost cause.
The Turkish Mission Arrives
[TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has agreed to our request for military support. A significant Turkish military mission has arrived at our improvised army headquarters in Almaty and met with General Amanzholov. Quick arrangements have been made: the [TUR.GetAdjective] officers will be dispatched to different units as advisors, with the authority to carry out the reorganisation. Others have been directed to greatly improve our officer school, and to rapidly train new officers from talented Kazakh men.
We will succeed!
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Naqshbandi Order
Naqshbandi Order
Azadî
Azadî
İkinci Grup
İkinci Grup
Azadî
Azadî
Anatolian Kurdistan
Kurdish
Anatolian Kurdistan
Religious Fervour
Allahu Akbar! The heretic government in Kostantiniye has proven that it cares little for the Islamic unity promoted by the office of the Caliph. It is now up to us, religious orders, tribesmen and devout followers of the Kurdish Sheikhs to take up arms and oust the traitors from their cushy seats in the capital.
Hamidiye Army
Based around the disbanded 'Hamidiye' regiments of the late Abdulhamid II, the Kurdish army suffers from an almost complete lack of discipline and unity as it relies far too much on a decentralised force led by Sheikhs and Aghas. Equipped with mostly pre-Weltkrieg weapons, they furthermore suffer a serious material disadvantage compared to the much better equipped Turks.
Reign of the Junta
Ever since our declaration of independence and secession from the declining Turkish state, we have been led by a military junta, whose strong leadership will ensure the security and sovereignty of our state both now and in the future.
Reign of the Junta
Ever since our declaration of independence and secession from the declining Turkish state, we have been led by a military junta, whose strong leadership will ensure the security and sovereignty of our state both now and in the future.
Islamic Traditions
For centuries now, Islam has played a significant role in shaping Kurdish culture and society, and to this day Islamic traditions and customs are an important part of the day-to-day lives of many Kurds. Naturally, it is our duty to defend and uphold these traditions instead of abandoning what has made us who we are.
A Nation of Islam
Islam is the main pillar of our nation and plays an important role not just in politics, but also in the lives of our people. While other nations may have abandoned Islamic principles in favour of the more \
Developing Agriculture
The economic strength of Kurdistan lies not in its industry, but rather in its agriculture. Much of our rural population makes a living by herding sheep, cattle, and poultry or by growing different kinds of grain and vegetables. Though some may call us backwards because of this, they just fail to see the benefits this self-sufficiency brings.
Kurdistan's Final Chance
After hundreds of years of Turkish occupation and failed revolts, we have finally been given a taste of freedom, and true independence seems reachable for the first time in centuries. We shall seize this opportunity, defend our lands and fight to the death and beyond, for if we fail now, Kurdistan will have missed its last chance.
Kurdish Focus Tree
Our Independence Secured
Victory! With the signing of the peace treaty with Turkey, a country uniting the majority of the Kurds appeared on the world maps. Our uprising, which seemed doomed for the whole world, fulfilled the long-held dream of the inhabitants of our new country to call our land their own, independent and free from foreign oppression!
The Kurdish Revolt
To arms! We have risen! We, the Kurdish people, will no longer tolerate oppression from the central government! We will build our own state, uniting our ancestral lands of Anatolian Kurdistan. To arms brothers, we will defend our homeland!
Uphold the Military Junta
Our young country needs a firm hand to guide it in this dangerous world, and only [KDR.GetLeader] can guide us. Our country must become a fortress to protect the people who live in it. Otherwise we risk losing our independence and returning to the hands of our oppressors.
An Autonomous Nation
Our country must remain united to maintain our independence, so we must pay special attention to the society of our young country. By keeping a healthy spirit within it, and avoiding radical trends, we will help unite both the country and the army.
The Kurdish Railway
Unfortunately, there are hardly any railways in Anatolian Kurdistan, due to the peculiarities of the terrain: the high plateau and the mountain peaks. However, we cannot underestimate this modern mode of transport and should attract foreign companies interested in the development of our country.
Expand our Textile Factories
Since ancient times, our country has been perfectly suited to cattle breeding and agriculture. One of the crops that grows best is cotton. We cannot ignore this and take advantage of it, putting our country on the list of the best textile producers.
Refuge in Belief
Our faith is the most precious thing we have. The main goal of our rebellion was to defend it, and thanks to Allah's blessing we were able to win. Where would we be now without our faith?
Reintroduce Shariah Law
The laws of Sharia are taken from the Quran, our holy book. These laws have been tested for over a thousand years by many generations of our co-religionists. They cannot be outdated or wrong, and they are the only laws by which our society should exist.
Reinstate the Caliph
Turkey, our former enemy, has finally decided to fall into full secularism and has abolished the title and position of one of the most important people for Islam, the Caliph. We should invite him to come to us and turn the country into the centre of the Islamic world, as there are no more true defenders of the faith left in the world.
Call Upon the Bandits
After the Levant Crisis and the start of the extreme changes in the [TUR.GetName], many inhabitants of these areas felt the unpleasant consequences. The abolition of local autonomy and free religion led to discontent amongst the population, which naturally led to repression from the central government. Because of this, these lands were filled with bandits hiding from the police. We can bring them to our side as we have a common enemy.
Sabotage Turkish Railways
The Transanatolian Railway is still under construction, but is already a strategically important route for transporting [TUR.GetAdjective] soldiers. Even though it is on the periphery of our rebellion, we need to eliminate this threat, or at least cause substantial damage to the railroad to weaken our enemy.
An Agricultural Nation
Our nation is a great place for livestock production and a wide variety of small-scale agriculture. We have excellent opportunities to develop and attract foreign investment in our country, to make it the breadbasket of the Anatolian Plateau.
A Nation of Modernity
Progress is rapid and we cannot lag behind; the country must remain open to foreign investment, which will invest for the benefit of our people. We will welcome assistance of every kind, and we will use it for the good of the people and the protection of our independence.
A Nation of Islam
When the central government began to trample on our religious rights and our religion, we rose up and gained independence with our blood. Our country is a defender of Islam, and everything must be subject to it and go according to its rules.
Request British Support
During the Great War, the Western powers were favourable to the creation of an independent Kurdistan, and the idea was discussed during the Sykes-Picot Agreement debate. But the hope for an independent Kurdish state fell with the Weltkrieg. But perhaps now it makes sense for the Entente to have a potential ally in the Middle East?
A Call to the Faithful
Believers of all nations, our brethren in faith: look, we have risen up to defend our ancestral rights against the trampling of secularisation! We have risen to defend our religion, and we will not give up! Join our ranks, donate to our struggle - for we are fighting for a holy cause, and may Allah bless us!
Our Final Stand
Our frontier is our mountains; we will guard the border of our lands and resist anyone who tries to seize them. We are prepared to turn mountain passes into impassable obstacles for enemies, and desert plateaus into graves for invaders.
The Turkish Defeat
Finally, the dream has become reality and the Turks have been driven out of our lands, unable to shatter the will of our courageous soldiers! After uprising upon uprising being crushed by the Ottoman forces over the course of the last centuries, Kurdish independence was believed to be an unreachable goal. However, we have shown those who doubted us and our people otherwise. Never again shall we be subject to any foreign power! The Kurdish people shall only be ruled by their fellow countrymen, and our nation shall prosper now that we have freed ourselves from the Turkish yoke! The golden age of Kurdistan begins now!
Freedom at last!
The Future of our Nation
With the Turkish beast being put in its place, the fragile alliance of tribal chiefs, religious leaders and military figures is slowly but surely beginning to fall apart, as there's no longer a common cause for them to rally behind. However, two factions seeking to stop our nation from falling into complete anarchy have arisen, and are now both competing over who should get to lead our new Kurdish state.\n\nThe first of these factions, the junta, consists mainly of important military figures, some of whom even having served under Ottoman banner in the past. Though still without a central and uncontested leadership, these men were the ones who instigated our revolt in the first place, and have been de facto leading Kurdistan ever since it declared its independence, earning them the trust of large parts of our population. The other faction is mainly made up of radical Islamists under the banner of Ali Rıza Fırat, the son of the old Sheikh Said, and claims that it is necessary to return to our Islamic traditions for our nation to prosper. As these clergymen are also quite respected by the public, it is only natural that many now see themselves torn between the two sides.\n\nOver the past few days, debates in [KDR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] have grown ever more heated, causing a general fear that the situation might escalate into a full-blown civil war to spread. However, as the day comes to a close, it seems that both sides have finally come to an agreement. From now on, ...
The junta shall lead our way!
Islam shall guide us!
Head of the Junta
Ever since the outbreak of our rebellion against Turkish rule, our nation has been led by Mehmet Şerif Paşa. Until now, no one has bothered opposing his rule, as much of our population is either content with his leadership or remains apolitical, and because the other leading figures of our nation had bigger things to worry about during the war. But now that the Turks have been beaten back and the junta's rule has been cemented, some dissenting voices have grown louder. More concretely, it seems that Mustafa Yamulki, another famous Kurdish military leader, has grown rather ambitious and wants to assert his rule over the junta in order to form the Kurdish state in accordance with his own visions. With this goal in mind, he has now begun swaying important members of the junta, hoping to gain their support in his endeavour to evoke a change of course. But are these men willing to betray Şerif Paşa, or will they show loyalty towards him?
Şerif Paşa has served us well thus far!
It is time for a small change of course...
The Ottoman Counter-revolution
In response to harsh measures applied by the Kemalist regime in the [OTT.GetName], a variety of religious orders with the support of Kurdish Sheikhs and Aghas have declared Jihad on the regime in [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Pledging themselves to the liberation of the Sultan-Caliph from his godless imprisonment, various conservative forces spread throughout the empire have sent their respects to the leaders of the movement.\n\nNonetheless, their odds are looking grim as the Turkish arsenal is more than prepared to deal with the threat. Initial bombing runs by the Turkish air force have reportedly been especially successful as the Kurdish forces have no way to counter this weaponry.
Most disturbing.
Mustafa Yamulki
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1866, in Sulaimaniyah, Vilayet of Mosul, Ottoman Empire§!
Mehmet Şerif Paşa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1865, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Ali Rıza Fırat
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hınıs, Diyarbekir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Selahaddin Efendî
§YBorn:§! §L1907, in Diyarbekir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
