East Turkestan Focus Tree
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Democratic League
Democratic League
Aksu Party
Aksu Party
Kashgar Nationalist Party
Kashgar Nationalist Party
Young Kashgar Party
Young Kashgar Party
Committee for National Revolution
Committee for National Revolution
Hotan Amirs
Hotan Amirs
Fledgling Military
The Army of East Turkestan has very little prior military experience and next to no trained officers. It will need serious reform amidst the war of revolution to stand a fighting chance of defeating Xinjiang.
Fight for Xinjiang
Amateur Bureaucrats
The Turkic people of Xinjiang were barred from most administrative posts under Chinese rule, leaving very few skilled bureaucrats for the government of East Turkestan.
Flexible Bureaucracy
Investigative Branch
Recruiting Foreign Talent
A New Gentry
National Islamic Education System
Social Welfare
East Turkestan Aircraft Sale
We have agreed to produce aircraft for the East Turkestan military in exchange for a lump-sum payment.
Building Desert Infrastructure
Assassination Attempt on Sabit Damulla
The East Turkestan Rebellion has begun
Victory in the Revolution
Firearm expert has been hired
Hotan Carpet Factory has been converted
Source of gunpowder has been secured
Know how to process minerals
The Victory Parade went off without a hitch
The Victory Parade resumed after a short disruption
We chose to focus inwards
We chose to focus outwards
Pursued Free Elections
National Elections Postponed
Subjected Ambassadors to a Bloodbath
Held a Grand Reception
 decides to fully support our cause  £trigger_yes 
 decides to partially support our cause  £trigger_yes 
 decides not to support our cause  £trigger_no 
 has yet to decide whether to support our cause §Y?§!
§RIn Shortage§!
§G[?num_equipment@infantry_equipment]§!
§GMore rifles will be given if foreign countries agree to the request.§!
$RIGHT|1Y$ units of §YGold§! is added to the national treasury.\n
§GWe will begin converting the Hotan Carpet Factory into a Military Factory§!\n§CForeign support from major countries would speed up the process§!\nUnlocks §HHotan Carpet Factory Conversion Decisions§!.\n
§YNo Civilian Factory§! will be built due to §Rinsufficient gold§!\n§YTo build a Civilian Factory, we need at least 20 Gold.§!
§YHotan§!:\nReplace §Y1 Civilian Factory§! with §Y1 Military Factory§!
Unlocks §HArmy Formation and Combat Technique Training Decisions§!.\n
§G1§! militia unit is raised in Hotan
§G1§! militia unit is raised in Kashgar
Regular but highly controlled national elections will be held every four years.
Free national elections will be held every four years.
§GWe will hire a local firearm expert.§!
§GWe will hire a foreign firearm expert.§!
§GWe will learn gunpowder from our foreign firearm expert.§!
§GWe will learn how to create gunpowder locally.§!
§GWe will begin the processing of minerals.§!
§LThe following advisors will defect to our side:§!\n§YOspan Batyr§!\n§YDalelkhan Sugirbayev§!\n§YKalibek Rakhimbekovich§!
All of the following must be true:\n£indent Controls the province north east of §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_10870]§!\n£indent Controls all provinces that follow the shortest £indent route between §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_10870]§! and §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_5216]§!\n£indent Controls the province east of §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_5216]§!
We can also improve infrastructure in the state of §Y[287.GetName]§! if we control it.
We were victorious in the Xinjiang Civil War
\n\n£trigger_yes We can now convert the Hotan Carpet Factory\n§RRequires all of the following:§!
\n\n£trigger_no We are unable to convert the Hotan Carpet Factory yet\n§RRequires all of the following:§!
\n£trigger_yes We have a Firearms Expert
\n£trigger_no We don't have a Firearms Expert
\n£trigger_yes We have Gunpowder
\n£trigger_no We don't have Gunpowder yet
\n£trigger_yes We know how to process minerals
\n£trigger_no We don't know how to process minerals
The National Revolution
The centuries long oppression of the Turkic people of Xinjiang must end. While the Chinese would artificially divide us as Uyghur, Kazakhs, and Kyrgyz, we shall rise as one to throw off the yoke of the Chinese.
Seek Foreign Support
Our movement teeters on the brink of annihilation. We will need foreign help to fix the deep problems with our upstart army and state.
Construct the Kashgar-Hotan Highway
Kashgar and Hotan are the most steadfast redoubts of nationalism and the dual 'seats' of our splintered government. While we cannot yet build a robust system of roads between them, we should carve an impromptu route across the desert where Chinese troops cannot follow.
Convert the Hotan Carpet Factory
Much of our economy is centred on traditional textile manufacturing. Our carpets are especially prized internationally, which has catalysed a degree of industrialisation in the sector. The largest factory by far is centred in Hotan and should be converted to produce arms for the war effort.
Build the Kashgar Small Arms Factory
As the largest city under our control, Kashgar naturally has the potential to reduce our deficit of firearms. We should put any bit of capital we can into the construction of a central small arms factory in the city.
Establish the Timur Military Academy
Timur Beg has ample experience as a commander of men, unique among our leadership. He should be directed to set up an academy to train officers and set up a modern system of officer commissions.
Train a Professional Army
The new army is made up mostly of irregulars and former guerrillas. Few men have any sort of education. Even as we battle the Chinese, we must begin to better their fighting ability and knowledge of modern doctrine.
Gather Seized Treasury and Weaponry
Much was seized from the Chinese during the initial uprising, so much in fact that we have been unable to sort and properly reapportion the materiel. A concerted effort must be made to accomplish such.
Gold from Keriya Mine
The miners at Keriya have borne incredible hardship at the hands of the Chinese and have consequently embraced the cause wholeheartedly. The mine must be brought back to working order.
Turkic Declaration of Independence
The great battle is over, all of what was once Xinjiang is ours. East Turkestan shall rise from ashes greater than ever before. With control now obtained both de-facto and de-jure, let us issue a new declaration of independence and join the wide world.
A Night to Remember
With independence achieved, internal factions struggle for power. One day, these divisions will surely come to a dramatic head.
Timur Survives
Timur Beg has survived the attempt on his life and driven his enemies from power. The state is now his to command, and surely he has proven a most benevolent man.
Military Parade
Timur Beg is known for his extravagance and love of military discipline. With his power secured, his first course of action shall be, of course, to hold a massive military parade in Kashgar.
Open \
East Turkestan is, after all, a republic, and as such the people must have a say in politics. The people, however, are easily taken by self-destructive foolishness, so the outcome of certain high level elections should not be left to chance.
Executive Administration
The presidency, rather than the council or the legislature, must have direct control of the bureaucracy. The constitution must be amended to that end.
Rewrite the Constitution
The flaws of the constitution have been made apparent following the debacle over the bureaucracy. It must be rewritten entirely.
Timur the Flexible
Timur Beg is nothing if not adaptable. Administrators must be trained in rapid reorientation. While bureaucracies may necessitate a certain degree of inertia, we will put a spring in their step.
Encourage Business Ties
Timur Beg has many ties of businesses and merchants across the region. They could be useful in making East Turkestan more industrialised.
Military Might
The military is a key point in helping keep the great Timur Beg in power, and stopping any more rebellion. We must use it to silence our enemies.
Timur the Merchant
Timur once led caravans of camels and mules across the harshest terrain and parleyed with the sharpest merchants. His knowledge of commerce and trade is immense and we should put this knowledge to use in regulating the caravans, which are unfortunately responsible for the introduction of a good deal of contraband.
Strong-Arm the Council
The state council has a great deal of control over the executive. It stands in the way of the great nation Timur Beg seeks to usher in. We must ensure the loyalty of the council to our regime through threat of force.
Force Sabit into Retirement
Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki has outlived his usefulness. He is now the last remnant of the power of Hotan and its former Amirs still in government. He and his supporters should be forced out while maintaining an air of legality.
Power to the President
The power of the executive should not be split artificially, nor should anyone but the nation's undeniable leader represent it in foreign affairs. The president must be given far reaching powers if we are to survive.
Timur Shah
Timur, as a representative of the petty nobility, has always desired a crown. With power now centred in his hands, he shall have it if only he possesses the fortitude to overcome one last challenge.
Back to Hotan
Hotan has been a hotbed of resistance and the informal capital of our nation before the formal beginning of the revolt. With the victory of the Bughra Amirs, it shall once again be our centre of power.
A Piece of the Puzzle
The ambitions of Pan-Turkism span thousands of miles. We must decide whether to pursue these lofty ambitions immediately or focus on domestic issues in preparation.
Islam in One Country
Circumstance dictates that we focus inward and improve the dignity of our own corner of the Turkish nation. The people must be brought into modernity with a knowledge of proper religion. God willing, we shall transform this country into a bastion of progress.
Combat Inauthentic Religion
Many outside the cities hold fast to cultural perversions of God's religion. They care not for His Prophets and little for His final messenger. With force of arms, we shall enter the villages and correct this.
Nationalise and Expand Madrassas
The Madrassas, enlightened by foreign teachers, are a bastion of light amidst widespread perversion. We must directly administer these schools with secular schools likewise transformed into the image of them. All who still deny the call of the true faith or adhere to some corruption of it shall be enlightened.
Transform the Desert
The Taklamakan desert is without any sort of infrastructure beyond dirt paths and camel trails. We should build a modern system of railways crossing the wasteland and new purpose built communities along the tracks.
Tighten the Government's Grip
[ROOT.GetLeader] reigns supreme, but to cement his rule and to wholly silence the last voices of opposition, the administration as well as the executive forces of the country must be brought into the fold once and for all. Only through a thorough upheaval of the established institutions can we truly begin our project of bringing unity and stability to the vast lands of [ROOT.GetNameDef].
Turkic Nationalism
We are different from those in China who wish to crush us once again. We are not Chinese at all, we are Turkic!
Hotan Development Scheme
Hotan is the key to most of the Bughras power. We must develop the city, to link together the rest of East Turkestan and to defend our base of power.
Realm of the Turks
God is truly great, for He has made the path towards true unity of the Turks clear. We would be fools to deny the destiny He has laid before us.
Linguistic Unification
Various attempts to create a standard language for the Turks of Central Asia have come and gone. The most prominent is derived mostly from a standard form of Chagatay to which our own dialects are closely related. We should adopt this standard language and aggressively promote it to the people.
Internationalise the Council
Many prominent Pan-Turkist intellectuals suffer under the thumb of hostile regimes. They should be invited to join our state council and have a hand in building this great new nation. Of course, with their power diminished, some present members may take offence.
Integrated Infrastructure
Much of the nation's fringe is not properly connected to the infrastructure of the Tarim Basin. We must adopt new technologies from abroad if we are to ever overcome this unfortunate result of history and geography alike.
A Republic of Inequals
The petty nobility has been toppled and the republic shall be reborn. Of course, we must take care, groups within and without seeking to destroy the great nation we seek to build, to subvert it for their own ends.
The Sun Rises in the East
While past leadership sought to sever all ties to China, we realise how deeply flawed that policy was. We should seek to repair relations with the Chinese factions and ensure our survival no matter what transpires to the east.
Genuine Representation
Liberty is the most fragile thing and it is without doubt that as it was wrested from the Chinese, it was promptly squandered. There is hope however; the core of this new nation's foundations are righteous, and with a regime at last in place which seeks to actually uphold such noble words, God willing, the nation can be brought back to liberty's light.
Ensure Constitutional Protections
The constitution is quite idealistic, but lacks sufficient mechanisms to actually ensure the rights it promises or prevent the total consolidation of power. With some small changes and a clearly defined role for God's laws in it, the nation shall be safe from tyranny.
The Investigative Branch
Our experiences with the Chinese have affected many with a deep hatred for that land's legal and philosophical ideas. Of interest, however, and much studied by the President, is Sun Yat-sen's idea of an independent branch of government entirely dedicated to investigating subversion and corruption.
Sisters in Islam
Many would deny women their basic rights in contradiction with the Sunnah. We must fight these cultural perversions of Islam and promulgate the rights assured to women by God, and by extension, this state founded on His laws.
Benevolent Patrons
Much of China now looks to the west to inspiration in creating so called 'social safety nets', ensuring farmers' livelihoods and providing basic services to the most downtrodden. We should copy this model.
Rule by Decree
A strong hand is needed to keep any republic steady, let along one as new and fragile as our own. Let God give power to those most able, now and forever.
Restrict Local Nobility
The various local lords and amirs of the land undermine state control and hinder progress. They must brought to heel, or even have their lands seized if need be.
Recruit Foreign Talent
Foreign teachers, through places of worship and study, have brought great progress to our nation. But alas, our land is still so backwards yet. A substantial portion of the state budget must be dedicated to identifying and acquiring foreign, especially Ottoman, intellectuals to advise the government and improve the administration.
A New Gentry
To entice skilled foreigners to settle permanently, we will need to offer more than just money. Turkish hires should be offered expansive swaths of land to settle in exchange for their services and the development of their holdings.
Business Reform
Businesses in East Turkestan have always worked without regulation and any form of workers rights. If we are to become a more modernised society, we must implement these laws.
Unify the People
We must work to bring the people of East Turkestan together, to unite us into one people.
Military Modernisation
The army was hastily built during the war of independence. While it possesses a sufficient command structure, it remains woefully inadequate as a fighting force and social institution. To begin the process of modernisation, let us finally develop a standardised uniform and distribute them to our men.
Expand District System
The rough of terrain in East Turkestan makes addressing local issues centrally difficult. As such, a system of regional authority for military units to augment law enforcement was established in certain areas. It should be expanded across the country.
Create an Air Force
Air power ignores terrain and provides invaluable support to the men on the ground. With basic fuel infrastructure established, we should seek to import basic, and affordable, aircraft.
Integrate Artillery
Artillery capable of accurate indirect fire has transformed the very nature of war. To contest the armies of the future, we will need the most advanced piece we can acquire.
Research Scavenged Weapons
Though our allies pour in from Central Asia to fight for our sovereignty, our internal ability to arm citizens is nonexistant. Having spent the last three decades forming militias using any firearms available, it is time we take an active role in supplying Eastern Turks with modern, formidable arms.
Mountainous Officer Training
Volunteers coming into East Turkestan bring with them years of experience in traversing desert brush. Our own Officers lack some of this experience afforded to students in [773.GetName] military academies. We must requisition training manuals from [773.GetName] and rectify this oversight.
Doctrine Research
The decades of conflict Turks in western Asia took part in informed their modern military doctrine. It is definitely worth the cost to seek out military doctrine and detailed after-action reports in [773.GetName] for studying.
Thorough Army Training
Volunteers that overcame the Han garrisons in Khotan will not be enough to withstand the eventual tide of militarism from Beijing. Through proper regimentation of the human body, as achieved by such Turkish legends like Mustafa Kemal, we can survive.
Connect to Dihua
The road to Dihua, overburdened by refugees and toll roads, is the lifeline of our young country. If we are not able to cut down the impediments to travel, our own military will lose valuable time travelling across the road.
Develop the Cities
Madrassas closed, markets paralysed with inflation, and conmen everywhere. Our young country must rectify all three of these things to create that paradise for Turks we promised this generation.
Connect to the Outer Areas
Rebel Han and even Russians are subverting our authority in the outer reaches of East Turkestan. They are but results of our failure to allow Turks to move freely to the countryside. Failures no more.
Refurbish Dihua's Industry
Fear that paralyses industry in Dihua is finally conquered. With an influx of corvee labour, surely the factories of Dihua can restart production.
Dzungaria Small Arms Factory
An attractive proposal has been delivered to Dzungaria's largest landowner. In exchange for several of his buildings, a contingent of volunteer labourers will be sent to assemble firearms for our army.
Working the Land
With the elevation of Turks to the gentry, many towns are experiencing a shortage of farm labour. Conveniently, our corvee is also looking for employment that can serve the national interest.
Foreign Support for the Revolution
As a young independent nation, struggling against the Chinese oppressors and Kumul rebels, we must seek the support of foreign nations around us, if we are ever to survive.\n\nMajor Countries:\n§Y[RUS.GetNameWithFlag]§![RUS.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[RAJ.GetNameWithFlag]§![RAJ.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[OTT.GetNameWithFlag]§![OTT.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n\nOther Countries:\n§Y[AFG.GetNameWithFlag]§![AFG.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[TRK.GetNameWithFlag]§![TRK.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[BUK.GetNameWithFlag]§![BUK.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n\nAmount of Rifle:  [get_ETS_infantry_equipment_amount]\nAmount of Gold:  [?ETS_gold_amount|+]\n
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationTitle]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationDesc]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationTitle]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationDesc]
Seek Support from the Russians
Russia, close but doesn't border us, is in its own political turmoil. While they may take time to recover, their desire for Central Asia is barely concealed, and they would need allies to secure their rule. We will fly to Russia and make a case for supporting us, that we in return would become their ally.
Seek Support from the British
The British, a shadow of its former glory, still owns a third of the Indian subcontinent. They could be a powerful supporter of our cause. We will assemble a camel train and head towards [RAJ.GetNameDef] immediately to ask for their support and offer our support for their rule over India.
Seek Support from the Ottoman Empire
The Ottoman Empire is very far away from us, but that does not diminish their fervent support for our independence. We will fly to Baghdad to ask for their support.
Seek Support from the Khan in Kabul
The Khan in Kabul is very sympathetic to our case. We will assemble a camel train and head towards Kabul to ask for their support.
Seek Support from [From.GetNameDef]
We will assemble a camel train and head towards [From.GetNameDef] to ask for their support.
GFX_report_event_WAL_Fortify_Palace
GFX_report_event_DEI_hotel_des_indes
GFX_report_event_generic_diplomacy3
Request Equipment from [From.GetNameDef]
More Equipment from [From.GetNameDef]
Economics of War
If we are ever to survive, we need to sort out our war economy. We must begin converting factories, and must get a good amount of gold for our coffers.[get_ETS_hotan_conversion][get_ETS_hotan_firearm_expert][get_ETS_hotan_learn_gunpowder][get_ETS_hotan_learn_mineral_processing]\n\nAmount of Gold:  [?ETS_gold_amount|+1]
Create a Unified Currency
Complete the Factory Conversion
Hire a Firearms Expert from [From.GetNameDef]
Search for a Firearms Expert in Tarim Basin
Obtain Gunpowder from [From.GetNameDef]
Discover How to Make Gunpowder Locally
Hire Metallurgists from [From.GetNameDef]
Employ Local Blacksmiths to Extract Metal
East Turkestan Department of War
Our military is made of weak militia and disorganised rebels. If we are to win the war and survive by ourselves, we must reform our army and create an actual force.
Adopt [From.GetAdjective] Formation
Develop Army Formation
Learn [From.GetAdjective] Combat Techniques
Develop Combat Techniques
Weekly Gold From Keriya Mine
Since we control the Keriya mine, we are able to extract gold from it for other uses
Train Militias in Hotan
We will hand rifles to the Bughra family to train militias
Train Militias in Kashgar
We will hand rifles to Timur to train militias
War with Kumul Khanate
They must be destroyed
£command_power §H15§! £manpower_texticon §H4500§!
£command_power §R15§! £manpower_texticon §R4500§!
It costs $CP_15_manpower_4500_blocked$ to take the decision
Turkic Diplomacy
As a newly independent Turkic nation, we should try to reach out to other Turkic nations across the world, for mutual cooperation and development.
Reach out to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Send Officers to train in [FROM.GetNameDef]
In the process of adopting infantry formations
In the process of developing combat techniques
In the process of learning how to process minerals.
In the process of discovering Gunpowder Formula
In the process of hiring a Firearms Expert
GFX_ETS_intro
Situation in Kashgar and Hotan
The initial uprising was a success! Our brothers in Kashgar and Hotan were able to overwhelm the local garrison and take control of both cities. With the people rallying to our side, the revolution is strong!\n\nOur revolution however, is far from secure. Unable to produce proper equipment due to Yang Zengxin's medieval industrial policies, our untrained irregulars stand little chance against the armies of Ma Shaowu and Jin Shuren without decisive political action. Our forces will need to be reformed if we are to have any hope of success, and we should try to act in the creation of military factories.\n\nPolitically, our new nation is in some ways united and in others divided completely. The eccentric Timur Beg, a veteran merchant leader and member of the local nobility near Kashgar, has taken the reins of the Young Kashgar Party with his native city of Kashgar as their base of power. Meanwhile, the three siblings amirs of Hotan, the brutal Bughras, made wealthy through ownership of several profitable mining ventures, lead their forces from Hotan. Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki, a moderate western-educated general, has been appointed interim president. Though he is not an actual member of any party or faction, he garners most of his support from the Hotan based Bughras. However, many see Sabit Damulla as a unifying figure to the rebellion, who helps ease the tensions between the merchant of Kashgar and the Bughra brothers.
§MTimur (Republic)§!($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose \
The Delegations Are Ready
Each member of the delegation knows his mission and each camel is rested and ready for a long journey. As a new nation, we must act hard to secure foreign support, to aid our militia in this current war and in any future war for independence, when the Chinese come knocking once again. We are now ready and prepared to send out delegations to other countries to persuade them to support our cause.
Let us pray for their success.
East Turkestani Delegation Requests Support
The East Turkestani delegation arrived this morning, requesting us to support their independence war against the Xinjiang Clique. How should we respond? We can provide them with weapons and gold on a regular basis as full support, or just this once as partial support, or don't support them at all.
Provide full support!
Provide partial support.
Don't even bother to meet them.
Full Support Given From [From.GetNameDef]
The delegation we sent to [From.GetName] brought great news. The [From.GetAdjective] government is very sympathetic to our cause, and decides to give their full support to help us achieve independence. They have provided a decent amount of rifles and ammunition, as well as some gold.
Great!
Partial Support Given From [From.GetNameDef]
The delegation we sent to [From.GetNameDef] brought good news. While the [From.GetAdjective] government is still somewhat reluctant to help us, they nevertheless are willing to hear us out. With our delegation's persuasive diplomatic skills, [From.GetName] decided to provide some rifles and ammunition to support our cause.
A good start.
No Support From [From.GetNameDef]
Bad news. The [From.GetAdjective] government shunned our delegation, seeing us as not worth the effort. This shatters any hopes of gaining support from them.
They will pay for this insolence later!
East Turkestan Requests More Equipment
Another delegation from East Turkestan has arrived today, informing us that they are in need of more weapons to fight against their enemies in Xinjiang. We should be wary of investing too heavily into them.
Fine.
Not this time.
[From.GetName] Has Agreed to Our Request
The caravans came back with great news. [From.GetName] has agreed to our request and has given us more equipment to fight against our enemies.
Great!
[From.GetName] Has Declined Our Request
Bad news. The [From.GetAdjective] government has declined our request for more weapons.
Fine.
New Round of Equipment Support for East Turkestan
The East Turkestan delegation are here for more equipment to continue fighting their war...
Fine.
New Round of Equipment Support From [From.GetNameDef]
We have obtained more equipment from [From.GetNameDef], who have kindly agreed to assist us further in our war.
Thank you, [From.GetName]!
East Turkestan Declaration of Independence
With the struggle for control of our nation's lands won, but the powers that be still largely hesitant, the decision was made to issue a new declaration of independence aimed at the outside world. In the document, our great nation promises to respect those nations who respect it and abide by the established norms of international politics. Accompanying the declaration is a directive from the President's office, approved by the state council, that establishes guidelines for the training and allocation of bureaucrats and establishes a system of examinations inspired by the bureaucracy of India. It also ends the state of emergency enacted alongside the nation's founding to pursue the war for independence, effectively bringing back into session the previously suspended parliament appointed so long ago in our earlier struggles.\n\nFinally, we are free of Chinese control in our region, and we can live independent of their actions. However, it most likely won't be long until the troops from China come marching back to bring us back under their tyranny. We cannot let that happen.
God is great!
Legislative Stalemate
While critics posit that little power is afforded to the directly elected legislature, the latest session affords little doubt to the President's office that far too much power has been invested in it. After several hours of gruelling debate, in which physical violence nearly broke out on the floor of the interim parliament building, Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki, though still officially not a member of any political party, has all but abandoned his political benefactors in Hotan, the Bughras, for the more moderate Young Kashgar Party based in Kashgar city, led by Timur Beg.
A shocking development.
Swirling Rumours and a Grand Reception
Since the defection of President Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki towards the Young Kashgar Party, the faction led by the Hotan Amirs has become increasingly belligerent. As preparations have begun, spurred by the President himself, to hold a Pan-Islamic (and particularly Turkic) forum in Kashgar for leading intellectuals in the field, the Hotan faction has shown an increased disinterest in the process and in the legislature as a whole. Rumours abound that they are planning something terrible.
Surely they would not...
A Grand Affair
The Pan-Islamic conference that Sabit Damulla planned has been fully prepared and several hundred attendees have arrived in Kashgar. As they crowd into the old manor, Sabit Damulla and Timur Beg stand before them. The conference was opened with a speech by the President, where he spoke about how the key cornerstone of the nation is its connection to Islam. After he was finished speaking, cheers were heard across the room.\n\nSomething wasn't right, however. Once the conference has gotten well and truly under way, a loud crack is heard by all...
Oh no.
A Night to Remember
Outside the manor house where the conference is under way, a group of armed men stand in a tight circle, the tension so thick in the air even the dumbest dullard can feel its oppressive hand. Two are within the circle, one on his knees, the other a guard, pushing a gun onto the kneeling man's temple. The guard, the only guard there whose lifeblood did not yet spill onto the earth has Muhammad Amin Bughra at his mercy, surrounded by Bughra's men. To pull the trigger would mean the guards life, to surrender would likewise lead him to paradise. Bughra urges his men to continue onwards and slay that bastard Timur and his new lapdog, even if the guard kills him, though they are unlikely to comply should their master be killed. In the end, the guard makes his choice...
The trigger is pulled, the men disperse.
The men head inside, swords drawn.
The Kashgar Conference
A small conference of Islamic and Turkic nations was put on by the new government of East Turkestan. Though we sent no official diplomatic delegation, a number of our intellectuals attended the event and have returned with an affinity for the regime in Kashgar.
A small conference of Islamic nations was put on by the new government of East Turkestan. Though we sent no official diplomatic delegation, a number of our intellectuals attended the event. While the conference went smoothly at first, it quickly became the focal point of a coup. Our intellectuals were subjected to a gruesome bloodbath and have returned home with a great apprehension for the new regime in Hotan despite its calls for Islamic unity.
God is truly the greatest planner!
My Republic for a Horse
After a short disruption the conference continued. Several bodies were discovered upon investigation around the exterior, including that of the unruly Muhammad Amin Bughra. Many people at the conference were shocked to find such violence to have occurred, but to Timur, it was different. To Timur, it was as if God had slain his greatest foe and laid him before his feet. With his death, opposition to Timur's power is minimal and his consolidation will surely follow. To end the conference, President Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki announced that he is stepping down, to be replaced by Timur Beg.
The end of the beginning.
The Return of the Bughras
By the time the first screams sounded from the manor, Amin Bughra had already kicked out the feet of the guard holding him and turned the tables. Assessing the situation, he entered the house to find a wonderfully gruesome scene. Bodies lay everywhere, many with their heads removed from their necks, including that of Timur Beg and his closest allies. Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki had apparently fled the scene on a horse he had tied by a back door.\n\nWithin days, the Hotan Amirs, with the eldest, Muhammad Amin, at the forefront, had formed a new government in the city of Hotan, declared to become the new capital. While the constitution has been maintained, the new government will likely disregard what few protections it offers.
For the faith and the people!
Difficult Choices
With the Hotan faction almost completely destroyed following the death of Mohammad Amin Bughra, opposition to Timur Beg almost disappeared overnight. However, opponents still exists, but this time from a different group. Fearful of Timur Beg's consolidation of power, several of the petty nobility have approached the statesman Masud Sabri, in charge of his own political faction, to intervene, pledging their support against Timur. Masud Sabri is a far less eccentric and reasonable figure than Timur Beg, and many of the petty nobility worry Timur's consolidation of power might eventually lead to their own downfall, Sabri included. Sabri is hesitant about making a move and fears, given his known sympathies for certain Chinese factions, including the right-wing of the Kuomintang, will lead to their moving against him in turn.
A plan is created.
Sabri refuses.
Another Disaster
Yet another public event has come under attack in East Turkestan. What began as a military parade became a tense standoff as members of the army held the President, Timur Beg, hostage before the gathered crowd. Their conviction is not entirely certain however as Timur pleads with them to spare him in exchange for amnesty. Seeing the man so affected by the incident, it is clear that should he survive, the character of Timur's rule will take a much more authoritarian turn.
Timur is captured, the plot succeeds.
The soldiers give in and their leaders are given up.
A Grand Affair
A planned military parade in Kashgar went off without a hitch. The people saw the power of the East Turkestan army, and the strength of Timur Beg's rule. Afterwards, Timur held a speech, outlining his plans for the future, including future presidential elections and working with business leaders to create a real economy. With this extravagant show of power concluded, President Timur Beg can now turn his attention to the affairs of state.
He shall win great glory!
A Piece of the Puzzle
With the state secured, the Bughra Amirs have turned their attention to the widespread corruption encouraged under previous leadership. Under the premise of establishing a bureaucracy from the ground up, nepotism was rife in administrative appointments. All who received positions above their station, and who likely remain disloyal, shall be removed and future appointments picked through merit alone in a system informed by the Sunnah.
God is great!
The Will Of God
After the Bughras were able to gain power in our Republic, one question remains on their minds: whether the nation first ought to focus on developing itself as a true and independent Islamic nation, or whether it is immediately time to reach out and create stronger ties with the other Turkic nations of the world. The lofty pan-Turkic agenda is massive, and the question to whether we have enough resources for such an outward approach is on the minds of most intellectuals.
We must focus internally, for Islam!
We must focus externally, for Pan-Turkism!
The Sun Rises in the East
Masud Sabri and Isa Alptekin both possess ties throughout China and are accordingly generally friendlier towards the Chinese and Tungans than the general Turkic populace. While Alptekin does not go so far, Masud Sabri has laid bare his intention to pursue formal diplomatic relations with whichever Chinese regimes would prove friendly. Though Sabri at first attempted to keep the public generally on his side, it appears now with this announcement this may be completely impossible. Naturally, many are uneasy about Sabri's government, and small protests now regularly break out in front of government offices.
And we shall follow the sun!
Popular Demands
For over a fortnight now, massive protests have continued throughout the major cities of the nation, focused on the capital, Kashgar. The generally uninformed populace of East Turkestan have been angered by Sabri's plan to seek closer relations with the Chinese, who most Turkic people still see as their former oppressors. Alptekin, Sabri's coalition partner, has resigned from the coalition, stating that for now it is time for Sabri to resign, to be replaced by Alptekin of course, and so that proper elections can be held as to who the people want. Not only this, the socialist leader of the Young Turkestan Party, Ishaq Beg, has come out of the woodwork, and has started gathering support in the cities. If Sabri does not step down, it is clear his rule from now will be just as dictatorial as Timur Beg's could have ever been.
Sabri steps down.
Sabri remains.
A Republic of Inequals
Masud Sabri has promised little change with his ascension in Timur's place, but his rotation of certain bureaucrats and friendliness towards certain factions within the army tell a different story. Desperate to maintain popular support, Sabri has reached out to the young upstart Isa Alptekin and his Kashgar Nationalist Party to form a coalition government. Alptekin, a moderate who shares Sabri's more friendly approach towards China, has vowed to fix the fundamental ails of the new republic's political structure and institute regular national elections, something absent entirely from the nation's founding document.
The least bad system.
Timur Shah
Timur is famous for being an eccentric and controversial figure. He has wished for a crown, a sign of his ultimate leadership over East Turkestan, and today his wish has become reality. His power unchallenged, Timur Beg has now taken the name Timur Shah, and has declared himself Shah of East Turkestan, drawing up a modified constitution to confirm the arrangement. This announcement and crowning as Shah went down with great cheers from the crowd.
He rules by God's will.
Assessing The Desert
As the first step towards building sufficient infrastructure across the Taklamakan desert is to properly survey the region and identify suitable terrain for infrastructure projects like railways and telegraph lines. It will be an incredibly difficult task, as the region is mostly a harsh desert wasteland.
Get to it!
Construction Begins in the Desert
With the region assessed, our grand infrastructure project for the Taklamakan desert can begin. It will likely take a few months to complete, even with the immense funding granted, due to the immense size of the project and the brutality of the work required.
It can't be finished soon enough.
Desert Projects Completed
The project to improve infrastructure crossing the Taklamakan desert has been completed, with Muhammad Amin Bughra himself opening up the start of the railway in Hotan. It will massively improve the connectivity of the surrounding regions, and help create unity across the still divided nation.
Excellent.
The National Language
We must unite the many Turkic dialects of East Turkestan. To that end, a standard language used by the intelligentsia of Central Asia has been proposed. Based on the Chagatay language as spoken in Tashkent, its adoption will also undoubtedly draw us closer yet to our Turkic brothers.
It will be a long process.
Language Standard Disseminated
A set of standards and rules for the use of language have been drafted and disseminated across the country. Our desired linguistic reforms are now being propagated.
We shall be one people.
Success of Language Standardisation
While obviously it shall be some time yet before the new unified language overcomes the old, the new standard speech can now be heard on every street as people are made to adopt it in public or face punishment.
Wonderful!
Setting Up Airfields
To prepare for the establishment of an air force, we will need airbases. Over the past two months since ascent was given for the scheme, locations across the nation were carefully selected. Today, those bases have been finished.
A worthwhile investment.
Acquiring Planes
With airfields created, we now must have the aircraft to man them. Should we focus on developing domestic models or kickstart the air force by buying foreign planes?
Purchase foreign aircraft!
Focus on domestic advancement!
Choosing A Supplier
With the decision made to seek a foreign aircraft supplier, we must now choose who to focus our efforts on.
Germany!
Russia!
The Ottoman Empire!
Japan!
East Turkestan Asks To Buy Aircraft
The government of East Turkestan has approached our recently established delegation in their capital looking to arrange for the purchase of outdated fighter craft.
We accept
This is a raw deal.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Aircraft Deal
Our offer to purchase [FROM.GetAdjective] aircraft was well received. The planes have arrived and money transferred in turn.
Thank you kindly!
[FROM.GetAdjective] Aircraft Deal Falls Through
Our offer to purchase [FROM.GetAdjective] aircraft was declined. Our only option is to focus instead on developing more advanced designs domestically.
Damn!
Diplomatic Mission From East Turkestan
Very little news has left the new regime of East Turkestan since they won their independence war against the Chinese. Today, however, [ROOT.GetLeader] received their diplomats officially for the first time, in an official ceremony in which we recognised their government as the legitmate government of the area. After some discussions a treaty of friendship and cooperation was signed, agreeing to aid each other in times of need.
Excellent.
East Turkestan Wants to Send Officers for Training
The new state of East Turkestan has recently grown closer to our government, and it seems their plans for cooperation have been realised. Their government has sent a request to ours, asking that our military train some of their officers to make their army more ready to defend the state against \
We will train them.
We don't have the supplies.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused to train our officers, even though we have tried to open relations with them.
Damn.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our plan for them to train our officers. Our men have packed and are travelling to [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] already.
Nice.
Our Officers Have Returned From [FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Our officers have returned from their training in [FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap], bringing with them much experience and knowledge.
Excellent.
National Election Held
The scheduled national elections have been held without a hitch. With polling stations closely supervised, the expect result has been delivered: victory for the government.
Thank you all!
National Election Held
The scheduled national elections have been held without a hitch. As polls close, the result is known. The victor is...
... the Kashgar Nationalist Party.
... the Young Kashgar Party.
... the Young Turkestan Party.
East Turkestan
East Turkestani
East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
Ishaq Beg Munonov
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Jigin, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Isa Alptekin
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Yengisar County, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Masud Sabri
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Ili, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Timur Beg
Timur Shah
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Kucha, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Artush, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSabit Damulla Abdulbaki never expected to be the face of the Turkic nationalist movement in Xinjiang. A highly educated academic and journalist, Abdulbaki has corresponded with several of the world's most prominent living Jadidist scholars. Through Jadid circles, he became acquainted with prominent members of the East Turkestan nationalist movement, including the wealthy aristocrat Muhammad Amin Bughra, and through Bughra the wider nationalist movement. Due to his pleasant demeanour, pragmatic viewpoint, and fluency in several languages, the often at-odds nationalist factions agreed on Damulla to for the role of East Turkestan's first head of state and government. Should East Turkestan secure its bid for independence, it is likely however that Damulla will be subsumed by whichever of the nation's factions comes out on top.§!
Muhammad Amin Bughra
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe early life of Muhammad Amin Bughra is shrouded in mystery, with scant clues alluding to him teaching at a Madrassa prior to his military service. Bughra's background as a Jadidist and a Turk granted him few luxuries, even under Ma Shaowu's governance in Hotan. Bughra displayed a strong determination to work for Xinjiang's unification, and despised the weak attitude for which Governor Yang kept his garrisons. At the same time, Bughra opposed the Han-centric army reforms being proposed by General Sheng Shicai, which placed the blame for army mismanagement on Islam rather than the opium epidemic.§!
Abdullah Bughra
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Nur Ahmadjan Bughra
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Saifuddin Azizi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1915, in Artush, Xinjiang Province, Republic of China§!
Ehmetjan Qasim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1914, in Ghulja, Xinjiang Province, Republic of China§!
Id Mirab
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Li Huanzhang
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Gheni Batur
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Abdul Niyaz Sijiang
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
