East Prussia
East Prussian
East Prussia
East Prussian Socialist Republic
the East Prussian Socialist Republic
East Prussian Socialist Republic
the East Prussian Socialist Republic
East Prussian Socialist Republic
the East Prussian Socialist Republic
KAPD
Kommunistische Arbeiter-Partei Deutschlands - Ostpreußischer (Communist Workers' Party of Germany - East Prussian)
KAPD
Kommunistische Arbeiter-Partei Deutschlands - Ostpreußischer (Communist Workers' Party of Germany - East Prussian)
KAPD
Kommunistische Arbeiter-Partei Deutschlands - Ostpreußischer (Communist Workers' Party of Germany - East Prussian)
SPOP
Sozialdemokratische Partei Ostpreußens (Social Democratic Party of East Prussia)
Grüne Front
Grüne Front (Green Front)
BfWuA
Bund für Wirtschaft und Aufbau (League for Economy and Construction)
Preußenblock
Preußenblock (Prussian Bloc)
NBMB
Nationaler Bauern- und Mittelstandsblock (National Bloc of Peasants and the Middle Class)
NBMB
Nationaler Bauern- und Mittelstandsblock (National Bloc of Peasants and the Middle Class)
DvP
Deutschvölkische Partei (German Völkisch Party)
Equatorial Guinea
Equatoguinean
Equatorial Guinea
José Epita Mbomo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1911, in Ibanamai, Corisco, Colony of Elobey, Annobón and Corisco§!
Eritrea
Eritrean
Eritrea
Eritrean Socialist Republic
the Eritrean Socialist Republic
Eritrean Socialist Republic
the Eritrean Socialist Republic
Eritrean Socialist Republic
the Eritrean Socialist Republic
Woldeab Woldemariam
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1905, in Adi Zarna, Hamasien Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Blatta Mohammed Omer Qadi
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Foro, Semhar Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Ibrahim Sultan Ali
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1900, in Akele Guzai Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Ras Tessema Asberom
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1909, in Keren, Senhit Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Abdulkadir Kebire
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Desiet Island, Semhar Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Ibrahim Mukhtar
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Akele Guzai Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
Ibrahim Farag Mohammed
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Anuqtu, Akele Guzai Province, Colony of Eritrea§!
ETRL
Eesti Töötava Rahva Liit (Estonian Working People's League)
EISTP
Eesti Iseseisev Sotsialistlik Tööliste Partei (Estonian Independent Socialist Workers Party)
ESDTP
Eesti Sotsiaaldemokraatlik Tööliste Partei (Estonian Socialist Democratic Workers' Party)
ESDTP
Eesti Sotsiaaldemokraatlik Tööliste Partei (Estonian Socialist Democratic Workers' Party)
Tööerakond
Eesti Tööerakond (Estonian Labour Party)
Rahvaerakond
Eesti Rahvaerakond (Estonian People's Party)
Rahvaerakond
Eesti Rahvaerakond (Estonian People's Party)
Isamaaliit
Isamaaliit (Patriotic League)
EVRK
Eesti Vabariigi Rahvuskomitee (National Committee of the Republic of Estonia)
ERD
Eesti Rahvuslik Direktoorium (Estonian National Directorate)
Vaps Movement
Eesti Vabadussõjalaste Liit (League of Participants in the Estonian War of Independence)
Vaikiv Ajastu
Vaikiv Ajastu
Estonia Focus Tree
Implement National Personal Autonomy
As described by the great Austromarxist Otto Bauer, national personal autonomy will provide minorities in Estonia with protection and equal rights. This new National Personal Autonomy law will grant minorities the choice to declare their nationalities and establish a public law national cultural self-government.
Seize Baltic German Industry
Estonia is for Estonians, not for the Germans! We have expelled them from our lands and all they have left now belongs to us - the industry, the roads, the estates. They will all be expropriated and transferred to the hands of those who can be trusted to further the interests of the Estonian people.
Nation-Building
In a swift strike, all of Baltic German institutions and infrastructure have been swept away. We must fulfil this vacuum and provide institutions of our own for the people of Estonia.
Reform the Omakaitse
The Omakaitse were the banner bearers of Estonian resistance in the German occupation in 1918, and their remnants survived in exile, training in preparation to retake the Homeland. Now that we have returned, it is time for us to decide their role in Estonian society - whether they shall remain, or integrate into the Army.
Pursue Autarky
With our break from Germany, the time has come to go on our own. Estonia is for the Estonians and now that we have nationalised German industry, we will develop our economy in a way that we no longer have to rely on Mitteleuropa.
Banking Reform Act
As one of our first steps of monetary reform and our independence from the German economic sphere, the Riigikogu has announced a new currency unit - the gold kroon. The gold kroon is divided into one hundred marks and equals the gold content of the Swedish krona. Following the reform, all loans and private banks will be revalued into kroons.
Military Armaments Industries
There can be no doubt about it; Estonia lacks the heavy military industries that it will need in preparation for the growing tensions across Europe. As the Russian bear looks greedily towards our beloved country, we must prepare and begin to revitalise our industry for the sake of the coming conflict.
Oil Exploitation
Analysis of Estonian oil shale resources and mining possibilities intensified during the period when Estonia was under Russian and then later German control. Now that we are independent, these resources are ours! Not only will they serve as enticements for foreign trade, but we will also be able to power our nation with oil shale.
Industrialise Tallinn
As part of the Vapsid government's attempts to modernise the newly formed Estonian nation, the grand city of Tallinn is in desperate need of modernisation. As part of President Sirk's reforms to modernise the Estonian state, we will begin an industrialisation programme in the capital city itself.
Agricultural Credit Programmes
As part of Sirk's reforms for his beloved Estonian peoples, the government will begin an agricultural credit programme. This will ensure that the Estonian farmer will be provided cheap credit to modernise their homesteads for the glory of the Estonian nation.
Modern Farming Methods
While our nation is beginning to show signs of modernisation, the countryside is quite rural, and some of the agricultural methods practised there are somewhat archaic. Under Sirk's reforms, we will begin implementing modern methodologies such as tractors and better seeds to enhance Estonian agrarian production.
Encourage Communal Farming
Estonians must work together! As a nation, farmers must be incentivised to work together in communal farms to increase their productivity and share their harvest with their fellow Estonian brothers and sisters.
Rural Electrification Programmes
While cities like Tallinn are modernised to being electrified, most of the countryside lies barely illuminated. Under President Sirk, this is no longer a problem as he has declared an electrification programme to bring light to the Estonian country.
Mechanised Farming
Even now in this day and age, most agricultural production in Estonia still relies on horse and oxen. To fully modernise our nation, it is time to adopt aspects of mechanised farming such as the tractor and the cultivator.
Expand the University of Tartu
Established in 1632, the University of Tartu has always been the pinnacle of Estonian intellectualism and achievements. Now that Estonia is fully independent, the University curriculum will finally have autonomy and Estonian, the language of instruction.
Embrace Etatism
The collapse of the capitalist economies world wide have showed that the free market is dead. Under the leadership of the Vapsid, the state will control the economy to prevent us from falling to another 'Black Monday'.
Expand the Omakaitse
While there are threats on the outside of Estonia, there are also those that threaten the Vapsid's power from the inside. By expanding the Omakaitse, Sirk will be able to purge out the unnecessary elements of Estonian society - bringing the Fatherland to the glory it deserves.
One People
Estonia for the Estonians! Now finally free of the Russian and German yoke, the promises of a nation ruled by Estonians and for Estonians will finally come true. All Estonians, young and old will be united in the Võitlus.
Welfare State
President Sirk does indeed hold a great deal of love and care for the Estonian peoples especially those who are less fortunate. Under the leadership of the Vapsid, Estonia will undertake programmes to protect the health and wellbeing of its citizens.
Crushing the Opposition
With the Omakaitse expanded and Sirk's rule established, the time has come to drive out the impurities plaguing our beloved nation. There are traitors everywhere that will sell our country out to the Germans or the Russians. They must be purged for the glory of the Estonian state. We have no choice; this is for the salvation of Estonia!
The Vapsid State
There is nothing more extraordinary than the love President Sirk has for Estonia. The country and the people led by the strong hand of the Vapsid - is the only way Estonia can survive. As in the words of our nation anthem, 'Mu isamaa, mu õnn ja rõõm!'
The Fatherland United
Our reforms have proven successful, but Estonia lies in the middle of the coming conflict to come. A strong leader is needed for these dire times, the great president Artur Sirk. Not only has Sirk brought prosperity to the Estonian people, but he will ensure that our fatherland will be safe and united from the foreign aggressors.
Loyalty to the State
All must be loyal to the Fatherland. From the children in schools to the men and women in the workplaces, all Estonians must demonstrate their willingness to fight and die for the Fatherland. Our time of glory is now and we must seize it!
Control the Unions
As socialism takes hold in nations across the world, we must be careful regarding the power of trade unions. However, we cannot ignore the benefits that unions have for the Estonian nation. Instead, let us integrate these unions for the state so that they will not be at risk of being an outlet of radicalism.
Control the Plutocrats
There is a great deal of money and influence in the free market, but there is also the inequality and disparity the plutocrats can bring to our country. Let us instead integrate them for the Estonian state so that they may better serve our people instead of themselves.
Streamline the Bureaucracy
Our new nation needs a bureaucracy to survive and function well. We must take steps to ensure that our new government fulfils its role as a functioning democracy. Those who are corrupt and who will not be loyal to the new regime cannot serve the people.
Corporatist Upper 'Democracy'
The new Estonian government will have an upper house made up of representatives from all corners of civil society. We will draw representatives from national trade unions, employer associations, and public institutions to ensure that our nation's best interests will be served.
Balance the Budget
Now that we are free from the German economic yoke, it is time to examine the national budget. We will have to embark on a period of financial austerity, although we will be able to receive loans from the banks of our Scandinavian neighbours. We will also raise taxes on those not Estonians; after all, this is a country for Estonians.
Foreign Trade
With our independence secured, we must now look to our trade relations. Securing an agreement with the Germans or the Russians should be relatively straightforward, and would provide us with a much-needed economic boost.
Tariffs for the State
Now that our economy is starting to develop, we should ensure that tariffs are raised to protect our precious domestic industry. These new tariffs will be placed on agricultural goods such as oats, wheats, and potatoes.
Expand the Port of Tallinn
The Port of Tallinn is one of the most significant port authority in all of Estonia. However, there is still work to be done to ensure that the port becomes one of the largest port enterprises in the Baltic Sea. Expanding the port will help us accommodate the growing passenger and cargo traffic.
Control the Productive Forces of the Nation
Estonia is genuinely an agricultural nation. To further our industrialisation and enhance the Estonian domestic industry, we will control the existing businesses to fulfil state contracts to serve the interests of the Estonian nation.
Free Education for All True Estonians
One of the critical points of the Isamaaliit party is the desire for all true Estonians to be educated. Those who are genuinely born Estonian will learn their native language and become the first generation of Estonian intellectuals and thinkers.
Reform the Banks
The new Estonian government will reform the Eesti Pank into a national bank to serve all of Estonia. As one of our first steps of economic reform, we will institute the gold kroon. This currency unit is divided into one hundred marks and equals the gold content of the Swedish krona. All the loans in the Eesti Pank and private banks will be revalued at the kroon.
Industrial Modernisation Programmes
As part of the party's attempts to industrialise our nation, we will begin a rigorous industrialisation programme. We will employ people in the rapidly developing chemicals and minerals industry and the developing clothing industry. Only under such an ordeal will Estonia be able to compete with the nations around it.
Increase Production Quotas
More, more, and more - we will need more to build up our nation. We must increase our manufacturing processes while also expanding our agricultural production to new heights. One way or another, we will show the world the prowess of our nation!
Resolve the Oil Issue
One of Estonia's greatest treasures is its oil shale, and its occupiers have exploited this, both the Russians and Germans. Now that we are fully independent, these resources are ours for the taking, and it is time to accelerate our oil shale industry. The oil shale enterprise will be state-led, and not only will we be able to export our resource, but we will also use it to power our nation.
Plough Shares for Tractors
As we begin to further intensify our agricultural production, we will also need to modernise the farming methods our farmers employ. We will institute a programme for the peasants to receive credit in order to buy tractors with the hopes of them doubling their yields.
Grain for the Fatherland
There is nothing more glorious than to work for the fatherland. Together we will work to make Estonia stronger than ever, and it begins in the fields where the common farmer labours. Not only will he be able to share the grain with his family, but it will also be used to serve the needs of the Estonian state.
Pursue Mechanisation
The horse and oxen have long served the Estonian people, but it is clear that tools of modernity such as trucks, tractors, and combine harvesters will expand our agricultural yield while increasing farm productivity. We must adopt these practices and ensure that our farmers are using the most up-to-date technology.
Create an Estonian Landowning Class
During the German occupation, almost all of the large landowners were Baltic German. Now that we are finally free from the German chains, we can expropriate their land and create a new class of medium sized Estonian landowners. What has always been our's is now finally in our hands.
Expand Rail Lines
As part of our policy on state modernisation, we must expand the rail network in our predominantly agrarian nation. We will expand the Railway Service to include operating and managing state railways, auditing and supervision of private branch roads, and the design and construction of new railways.
Seize the Assets of Detractors
Those that question our new regime will offer nothing but trouble in the long run. Radical revolutionaries lie at every corner, and we cannot delay; otherwise, our young nation will collapse before it can even take off. We should seize their businesses and wealth not to pose a threat to us while using those resources to serve the Estonian nation.
Enact Mass Censorship Laws
There are dangerous ideas all around us. In these dangerous times, uncertainties and suspicion reign supreme. We cannot have our people panic like this, and thus, we must control what they can or cannot view. To do this is for the protection of the Estonian nation and the Estonian people.
Suppress Dissident Voices
Those that do not stand with us are against us. The Isamaaliit Party has done nothing but ensures the growth and success of the Estonian nation. Only they are fit to lead Estonia; those trying to subvert our regime must be dealt with quickly.
Draft a New Constitution
We are finally free from the German yoke and the authoritarian rule of Artur Sirk, and we will forge for ourselves a new destiny - a bastion of democracy in the Baltics. Let us draft a constitution to preserve the rights of all Estonians, no matter if they are rich or poor. We will ensure that Estonia will become a beacon of democracy in these turbulent times.
A Popular Front
Our newfound nation found itself under attack from within. Opponents of democracy such as the radical followers of Sirk must not be allowed to lead Estonia. To restore democracy, we will have to work together with all democratic parties to form a united front against radicalism!
Safeguard Democracy
With our government secured, we must establish constitutional rules to prohibit the establishment of radicals from taking over. This will help prevent populism from taking hold in our country as well as giving us the constitutional authority to defeat the remnants of Sirk's supporters.
State-Funded Education
The children will be the next generation of Estonians and the first to claim Estonia as their original homeland. To ensure that they will not fall prey to radicalism, we will have the state ensure that we will only have the best resources reserved for education. We will turn this young generation into a generation of Estonian thinkers and intellectuals.
Khutor Programme
The Khutor programme will divide the bountiful Estonian countryside into individual plots. This will ensure that the average Estonian family will have their own homestead, making the land reform efficient and fair. Under these reforms, we will be able to do away with land inequality and poverty.
A Détente with Germany?
Our country finds itself under the threat of Russia's ever-growing power and territorial ambition. We are small and isolated, but perhaps we can see if the Germans will offer us membership into their economic bloc? Such a move will allows us to maintain our independence, and move us closer to having the full force of the Reichspakt guarding us against the Russian bear.
Help Struggling Farmers
Estonia is an agrarian nation; agriculture amounts to nearly 59% of our nation's industry. We cannot turn a blind eye to those who are struggling in the fields. To help out those less fortunate farmers, we will offer them credit to allow them to buy modern farm tools to increase their productivity and the prosperity of our nation.
Comprehensive Land Reform
While our nation is finally embracing democracy, there must be comprehensive land reform to be made. We will continue the Khutor programme to give away land and form new villages from said distributed land. We will provide economic relief to the struggling peasantry while also repurposing the seized Baltic German estates for state property.
Compromise with the Landowners
As part of our overall land reform, we must deal with the landowners in a way that doesn't completely eradicate them. Thus we have agreed to compromise with them, allowing them to keep more land for themselves in exchange for freeing the peasantry. This will make the land reform fair without resorting to the barbaric practices of those that advocate for class war.
Land Redistribution
In our reforms to redistribute the land peacefully, we will create state departments to measure and divide land plots evenly. This will ensure that the land redistribution process is not only efficient but also fair for all Estonians. Unlike other nations, our land reform will be bloodless and will demonstrate the supremacy of Estonian democracy!
Mechanised Farming
The average Estonian still lacks the tools and equipment of a modern agricultural nation. Even in the fields, the horse and oxen still reign supreme. To better increase our agricultural productivity and yield, we will begin introducing elements of mechanised farming such as the tractor and the combine harvester. The government will provide credit for those who cannot afford such tools to modernise our nation.
Communal Farms
As part of our land reforms, we will have to address the situation of land ownership. We will establish communal farms for all Estonians to use to prevent wealth disparity and the corrupt practices that come with land ownership. This way, Estonians will be able to work together to provide for family and Fatherland in a way that is fair and equal to all.
Diversify our Industrial Base
We will have to undertake construction projects to advance Estonia into the modern age. Estonia has lots of untapped resources in minerals and oil that will be used to develop Estonia and aid in Estonia's international trade. We will work hard to establish refineries, plants, and factories to modernise the Estonian industry to match our rivals and neighbours!
Introduce the Kroon
As we develop our economy so must we also reform our banking system. The Riigikogu has legalised a new currency unit, the gold kroon. The kroon is divided into one hundred marks and equals the gold content of the Swedish krona. Following these reforms, all loans in Eesti Pank and private banks will be revalued at the new kroon to stabilise the Estonian economy.
Seek Foreign Investments
Despite our best efforts at developing our domestic industry, our economy cannot survive on its own. As we have plenty of natural resources such as oil shale, we will be able to lure foreign investment into our nation. In this way, we will develop our country and a reputation as an international trading partner.
The Three-Year Plan
Our nation still lies predominantly agricultural and backward compared to our neighbours. Thus let us begin a rigorous period of industrialisation as we will start government projects to construct infrastructure and industry. We will power our nation with oil shale as a means of fuel and increase the productivity and output of Estonia. Not only will these projects provide employment, but they will show that Estonia will genuinely be a Baltic success story!
A Baltic Trade Hub
Our location by the sea is one of great economic importance. With our proximity to the Scandinavian neighbours and the sea lanes of the Reichspakt, we will prosper significantly as the premier trading centre of the Baltics. We will expand the port of Tallinn to better accommodate the cargo and passenger traffic that will come with our economic rise.
Oil Investments
One of Estonia's most precious resources is oil shale. Now that we are in complete control of our country, we will establish state-owned oil enterprises. With oil shale, we will be able to use it as fuel for our growing cement industries and use it to power up Estonian home furnaces. This will also encourage investment from other nations as we begin to develop and modernise our oil industry.
New Refineries
As our oil shale industry investments rise and our nation fully embraces the modernisation that comes with it, we must create more effective ways to harness this energy. To do so, we will begin state-mandated construction projects to develop new refineries for our new nation to use. This programme aims for the majority of Estonian homes and locomotives to be fuelled by oil shale.
Planned Defences
Our new nation find itself sandwiched between the Russian bear and the Reichspakt and conflict will inevitably come between the two. In preparation for such a war, we must begin constructing a series of defensive fortifications and trenches in preparation for the coming storm.
A Plan for Every Scenario
We must be prepared at all times. An invasion could come across the land or from the sea, and if we are not ready, we will be viewed as weak. Therefore, the military has decided to produce defensive plans and measures for every scenario.
Army Manuals
Now that we are a fully independent nation, we must standardise the tactics and methods of our fighting forces. The army has thus approved the creation of instruction manuals to train the most talented of our soldiers into an effective officer corps.
Improved Communications
An army can only be effective if the soldiers in the field have clear instructions from the command far away. Like other European armies that have begun to adopt the radio, we must improve our communications systems to suit our military for modern warfare. We will form a telegraph company trained to report and fix communication lines in enemy territory.
Army Logistics
There is an old saying that 'an army marches on its stomach.' Logistics is one of the essential things on the modern battlefield, and we will have to take steps to improve our army structure. To reform our military, we will have to start at the basics and ensure that every Estonian soldier is well fed, well clothed, and most of all - well equipped.
Expand the Engineer Corps
As part of our overall army reforms, we will modernise and expand our engineer corps. Our engineers will be trained to repair bridges, support vehicles, and organise transportation. With the discipline and training of the Estonian Armed Forces, we will be able to create a commendable and effective fighting force.
Industrial Mobilisation
The modern economy is reliant on modern technology. We may increase the efficiency of our industry by adopting new industrial procedures, tools and methods.
New Rifle Designs
Most of our rifles in the arsenals are still archaic or subpar compared to the ones used by our more powerful neighbours. We will study contemporary German and Russian designs to improve our weapons capabilities and to ensure that our soldiers are armed with the most modern weapons.
Dedicated Support Battalions
A modern army will require support battalions to aid in providing supportive roles. We will create dedicated support roles for our newly formed Estonian Army such as field hospitals and reconnaissance to ensure that our infantry receive the maximum support they can receive.
Women's Support Units
Our nation is in a precarious situation. As the clouds of war circle around Europe once more, every Estonian must do their duty to protect the Fatherland. We must open up female-led support units as our manpower is scarce and precious. Our nation will never fall as long as every Estonian is willing to fight and die for it!
Standardise Weapon Assembly Lines
We will need more in the war to come. As our factories have begun to shift to military production, we need to ensure that military production is efficient and productive. To do so, we will standardise our weapons, our ammunition, and our equipment to ensure that we can mass-produce the weapons we need for the blood that will soon be shed.
Artillery Advancements
Our country is seriously lacking in modern artillery pieces. In preparation for the conflicts to come, we should ensure that our army fields only the most modern and reliable artillery pieces. We will study German and Russian artillery designs to improve our army's firepower.
Form the Coast Guard
Estonia is surrounded by the Baltic Sea, and it is through such a sea that a significant degree of our country's commercial and passenger traffic passes through. To ensure the safety of Estonian citizens and maritime trade, we will create an Estonian coast guard to monitor the sea and ensure there are no nefarious or illegal activities taking place.
New Ship Designs
We will need to build new and revised ships for the turbulent waves ahead. We can take inspiration from the navies of Germany, Russia, and Scandinavia in our attempts to modernise the Estonian fleet. The Estonian navy will ensure that the security and freedom of the Baltic Sea will be kept safe!
Reopen the Shipyards
Our ports must be repurposed for the sake of war as tensions flare across the continent. As an important nation in the Baltic Sea, we will ensure that our shipyards are up and ready to fix and build the ships we need for the dangers ahead.
Train our Sailors
Our young Estonian navy has little experience due to the young age of our country. Due to this, we will have our sailors learn from advisors and instructors from neighbouring countries through war games and study exchange programmes. This way, our sailors will have the experience and skills necessary to be ready to defend the Estonian nation when the day is here!
Study Tank Designs
Introduced during the Weltkrieg, the tank is a formidable player on the modern battlefield. While we may lack experience and knowledge of tanks, we can for sure send our officers to study foreign tank designs from nations like Germany and Russia. Hopefully, with their expertise, we will be able to create our own Estonian tank forces.
Create an Estonian Air Force
The domination of the air is proving to be an increasingly critical part of the modern battlefield. While our nation may lack airplanes, we have plenty of oil shale to fuel and power an air programme. Let us develop our own air force to defend the Estonian skies from those who will try to destroy us!
Hire Foreign Instructors
We lack air expertise due to the inexperience of our armed forces, as we have fought for our independence on the ground and in the forests. In developing our air forces, we will hire foreign instructors worldwide to train our own airmen. We hope that through their valuable experience, they will impart their knowledge and expertise to our young air force.
Acquire Blueprints
As we continue to develop our air force, we will need to build the planes for our pilots to use. To ensure that we are flying with the most modern aircraft possible, we will acquire German and Russian blueprints to help us reverse engineer our own planes. With enough patience and work, we will be able to create our own planes in time.
Begin Aircraft Production
With our men trained to fight in the air and foreign blueprints in our hands, it is now time to start the formal production of aircraft in Estonia. With the oil shale at our disposal to fuel our planes, we will be able to secure our skies from foreign threats. Pro patria ad astra!
The Forest Brothers' Legacy
Like the uprising that had won Estonian independence, we will not meet our enemy in open battle. Instead, we will lurk stealthily in the Estonian forests, stalking our enemy like prey, striking fast, and disappearing just as quickly. In a blink of an eye, we will be gone. There are ways that a people can fight; we will overcome our enemies' numbers and power!
Integrate the Omakaitse
We will need all the men we can muster in these dangerous times. We will integrate the Omakaitse into the Estonian army as although they are loyal to Artur Sirk, their expertise in the forests and woods is not to be underestimated. Above all, we can be assured of their infallible loyalty to the Estonian nation. They will serve Estonia in the field, but they will also be required to aid in large-scale accidents and provide military training for Estonian citizens.
Citizen Guards
Estonia is a small nation, and we are surrounded by nations with more men than we have on the field. To deal with this, we will create a Citizen Guard to serve the Estonian people as a militia. We will have members of the military train men and women, young and old, in preparation for the battle to come. Every Estonian must do his part to defend the Fatherland when the time comes!
Hit-and-Run Tactics
One does not have to win battles on the open field to win a war. We can tire out our enemies slowly but surely, sapping his resources one at a time. Cold and calculated, we will strike them in our home domain and vanish into the dark forest before they even know what hit them. Even a mighty bear cannot find his way in the dark if we take his eyes out.
Hidden Supply Caches
To ensure that our troops are well supplied in the deep Estonian forests, we will organise systems of hidden supply caches hidden in locations only our soldiers will know. In these caches, soldiers will be able to gather ammunition, guns, and grenades keeping our men supplied while possibly deep under enemy territory.
Never Surrender
The Estonian nation has indeed gone through dark and tragic times throughout its history, but through all the turmoil, blood, sweat, and tears - we are still here as a people. We fight ferociously; we will make them pay tenfold in blood with each inch of our dear Estonian land that they take. We will not stop fighting until victory is ours or until every last Estonian is dead!
Riigi Põlevkivitööstus
Raadio-Elektroonika Tehas
Arsenal Tallinn
Raudteevalitsus
Aviotehas
Vene-Balti laevaehitustehas
The Agrarian Issue
Most Estonians are still farmers, many of whom are still using antiquated equipment and farming techniques. In order to free up additional manpower and better feed our people, including being able to send greater exports abroad, we will need to begin addressing the issues with serious and comprehensive reforms.
All Roads Lead to Riga
The Baltic governorates were developed with Riga in mind. It is the main industrial centre and infrastructure hub of the region and the largest city in the Baltic states, and the industry in Livland, Courland and Estland is reliant on a stable connection with its services. Now, a border stands between Riga and the rest of the Baltic states, giving its government great leverage in keeping the two other states in line.
Etatism
Social Welfare
The Vapsid State
Expanded Omakaitse
Corporatism
Russian Trade
German Trade
State Tariffs
Mass Censorship
Land Reform
Baltic Trade Hub
The Estonian Constitution
Defensive Planning
Industrial Mobilisation
Women's Support Units
Legacy of the Forest Brothers
§RTaking this action goes against our government's policies!§!
Completion of the Three-Year Plan
Expand Tallinn Arms Factories
Industrial Investments in Tallinn
Industrial Investments in Narva
Industrial Investments in Dorpat
Urbanisation Initiative
Rural Infrastructure in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Mechanisation in [FROM.GetName]
Develop Communal Farming in [191.GetName]
Kochtel-Jeraius Oil Shale Fields
Establish Estländische Steinöl
Build Heat-Powered Power Plants
Join the [FROM.GetFactionName]
The [FROM.GetFactionName] was founded by the democracies of Denmark, Norway and Sweden to deter outside powers from invading the region. Our brothers in Finland have already seen fit to join them in this endeavour, so perhaps it would be wise that we do the same?
Join the Nordic Federation
Our Danish, Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish comrades have joined in federation with one another. Estonia may not be Scandinavian, but we hold the same democratic ideals as our neighbours. We may apply to join the federation at any time, although this will entail giving up some of our sovereignty.
Join the Reichspakt
Even though we have only recently gained our independence from the Germans, Russian ambition knows no bounds. Joining the Reichspakt as an independent nation will be the best way we can ensure our continued independence.
Join the Moscow Accord
Riga and the Germans are liable to strike back at us at any time, and try to restore their abominable Duchy. It is in our interests to seek an alliance with the Russians, lest the Kaiser get any bad ideas.
Join Our Baltic Brothers
As their very existence has been brought into question, the Latvians and Lithuanians have combined their forces against their common foes. Their enemies will surely soon be ours, and so we must join with them so that if we fall, we do so together.
GFX_EST_intro
The Remnant Returns
Both the Latvians and the Estonians cheered for the start of the Weltkrieg and supported the Russian war effort, believing that a display of patriotism would grant them autonomous status - and for Estonia, it appeared as if the gamble paid off. Estonia was granted national autonomy by the Russians after the February Revolution and elected its first government, the Maapaev - however, its time was short, as the outbreak of the October Revolution and the German invasion forced it to go underground. Before doing so, however, on February 24th, declared the independence of the Republic of Estonia and formed the Estonian Provisional Government.\n\nAs the German occupation turned permanent, the Estonian population increasingly turned towards resistance, often supported by the Bolsheviks next door - guerrilla warfare and even open fighting broke out between German occupation forces and the Omakaitse volunteers, until eventually, the Provisional Government was forced to flee, leaving the United Baltic Duchy behind and arriving to Scandinavian shores.\n\nDilapidated for a decade, it gained a new lease of life in 1930, when an Estonian National Congress was held in Petrograd and elected a new government in exile - headed by a veteran of the War of Independence and a talented speaker, Artur Sirk. Six years later, the United Baltic Duchy has fallen, and Estonian partisans welcome the return of their government in exile - however, not all is calm in Tallinn, as Sirk is an increasingly authoritarian leader and democracy in Estonia may flicker and die if he remains in charge...
§MVaps Movement§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot When Sirk makes his move, select \
Baltic Germans Request Schools
A small group of Baltic Germans have request to Sirk's government representatives to be allowed to open schools with the language of instruction to be German opposed to Estonian. They do stress though that Estonian will be taught within these schools and are more then happy to submit their curriculum for vetting.\n\nThis has been seen as an option for Sirk and his government to take the higher ground over their former masters, but there are those in the government who can not turn the other cheek, and rather take an eye.
Let us appease them.
Only Estonian language is permitted in Estonia.
The Decree of Tallinn
In an announcement, Sirk decreed that the Omakaitse will answer to his office and not that of the Army. This has caused a public uproar, as many see this as another step taken by Sirk to become a Dictator of Estonia and that Sirk seeks to merely maintain his rule over Estonia. Both Uluots and Tõnisson have criticised Sirk stating that while most Estonians were fighting for their freedom, Sirk had fled to Finland and thus only barely participated in the national restoration. In response, Sirk blasted both Uluots and Tõnisson for seeking to divide the country and stated that both were merely attempting to sell Estonia to foreign powers. Either way, demands for a constitution are mounting with Sirk starting to find his position untenable
Well, straight into the fire it is.
Sirk Makes His Move
With mounting demands on Sirk and the provisional government to allow a vote on a referendum for a constitution; Sirk, in a move to consolidate his powerbase, has formed the Eesti Vabadussõjalaste Liit, vabadussõjalased (Union of Participants in the Estonian War of Independence) or Vaps party. Now a 
It's for the good of the nation...
Never, Estonia will be a democratic nation!
Opposition Denounces Sirk
In the wake of Artur Sirk's decision to keep the Omakaitse separate from the military, along with proposing a referendum to make him essentially a dictator for life, the democratic opposition has denounced Sirk and the Vapsid Movement. Citing their dangerous and autocratic policies as proof that they would destroy the Fatherland, Juri Uluots has called for all true blooded Estonians to resist this referendum.
Nothing is ever easy.
A Meeting of Giants
In the wake of Sirk's calls for a referendum, the forces arrayed behind Juri Uluots and his Isamaaliit have decided to meet with those of Jaan Tõnisson and his National Front. While the Isamaaliit are more authoritarian and favour a strong President, they are still a democratic party and the National Front would be willing to cooperate with them in exchange for some concessions. Amongst these would be that, while Tõnisson will allow an Uluots Presidency and a corporate upper house to the legislature, the lower house is to be democratic. Tõnisson has also demanded that, when the time comes, they be allowed to negotiate with Riga rather than be forced to fight them. If Uluots accepts this compromise, then the National Front will fully back what some are calling a coup attempt against Sirk's referendum.
Contact General Laidoner, we have a deal.
These demands are unacceptable!
Artur Sirk Flees!
In a shocking move, military forces led by General Johan Laidoner entered the capital with the express purpose of arresting Artur Sirk and the leaders of the Vapsid movement. At the same time, the delegates of the National Front and Patriotic League dismissed the referendum and instead held a vote to elect Jüri Uluots as the new President of Estonia, while Jaan Tõnisson and his National Front took control of the lower house. The forces under General Laidoner were effective in securing control of the city and arresting the leaders of the Vapsid movement, but Artur Sirk himself escaped.
Let him run like the coward he is.
Failed Military Coup
Artur Sirk and the Vapsid Movement have secured the security and freedom of the Estonian Fatherland from the forces of corrupt kelptocrats. On the morning of the results of the referendum, military forces under General Laidoner attempted a coup d'etat with the help of the Patriotic League. However, they were not able to secure control of the capital when forces and delegates loyal to the National Front refused to assist in the coup. General Laidoner was promptly arrested along with his co-conspirator Juri Uluots and the Patriotic League, while Jaan Tõnisson and his National Front were also implicated in the coup attempt and promptly arrested when word of secret meetings and negotiations between them was leaked to the press. With the opposition now in chains due to their illegal and undemocratic actions, the referendum proceeded at pace and passed without issue, placing Artur Sirk and the Vapsids securely in power.
The democratic form of governance is insufficient to protect the Fatherland.
Artur Sirk Defenestrated
News coming out of Finland seems to indicate that Artur Sirk, the former leader of Estonia and of the Vapsid Movement, has been found dead. Eyewitness reports indicate that at 11:37am on Sunday, Artur Sirk was thrown out the 5th floor of the hotel he was residing in. It's not exactly known why he was thrown through the window, as local police are still investigating, but it being a suicide has been ruled out.
Goodbye, Mr. Sirk.
Provisional Government Votes Down Referendum
The Provisional Government under Sirk refused to support calls for a referendum that would install Sirk as a dictator for life, instead calling for a democratic constitution to be formed. While this move was not foreseen, Sirk is adamant in attempting to create his autocratic state, while democratic forces aligned with the PER, the National Front, have become incensed by this blatant attempt at subverting Estonian democracy.
Outrageous!
Patriotic League Supports the National Front
In light of recent events, Uluots and the Patriotic League have declared their support for the National Front, citing the need to oppose Sirk by any means necessary. While more militant than the PER, they're at least willing to back the protests sponsored by the National Front. Though they haven't made any demands for now, we can't expect that to hold forever, especially if the National Front takes power.
Better together than divided.
Criticism From Abroad and Within
The discord in Estonia has caught the attention of not just local media, but also foreign broadcasts as commentators across Europe are reporting on the failed referendum and the seemingly looming Sirk dictatorship. Reporters from Germany, Finland, Sweden, and Lithuania have been making statements denouncing the Sirk takeover attempt, and supporting the formation of a moderate and democratic regime under Tõnisson. While this has certainly provoked some Estonians to support the National Front, others are still cautious and waiting to see what happens.
I never thought I'd thank the liberal media.
Tõnisson Demands Sirk Resigns
With everything coming to a head, Jaan Tõnisson along with Jüri Uluots and their supporters have submitted an open letter demanding the immediate resignation of Artur Sirk. They are demanding that he disband the Vapsid movement, resign his position as provisional President, and turn over civil control to the PER so that a democratic constitution can be formulated. Artur Sirk has demonstrated resistance stating that Estonia requires a strong leader and an even stronger hand to guide it towards prosperity and preserve its independence from German and Russian aggression. Of course, Tõnisson has said that is foolish and negotiations with the Germans in Riga would save Estonia from war...
It is time for the Vaps Movement to end.
No, I don't think I will.
Sirk Resigns His Position
In the wake of the protests across the nation, pressure from media both domestic and foreign, and popular support in government against him, Sirk has opted to resign from his position and hand authority over to the National Front coalition led by Jaan Tõnisson. With his resignation, the National Front will begin the process of establishing a democratic constitution based around parliamentarianism, the abolition of the Presidency, and the creation of institution to safeguard and educate Estonian citizens on the democratic processes of governance. Sirk in the meanwhile has fled the nation in disgrace.
I love democracy.
Sirk Declares Himself President for Life
The National Front and its allies bet hard that the protests and immense pressure on Sirk would force him to resign, and they lost it all. Sirk instead hardened his resolve and the resolve of his followers, leading to many of the protestors to wonder why they were out there. Biding his time, the protests lost steam and the media's attention began to waiver, allowing Sirk to consolidate his hold on government and pass several resolutions cracking down on the National Front along with arresting Uluots and Tõnisson for sedition. With their leadership in chains and their morale shattered, the PER are no more.
So this is how Liberty Dies - with thunderous applause.
Estonia seeks to join Mitteleuropa
In what comes as a shock to most in Berlin is the news that Estonia, who had liberated themselves from the hold of the United Baltic Duchy, are now asking to join Mitteleuropa. They are seeking to rekindle ties with Germany and to form a bulwark against the Russian menace, but should we accept their request?
Think of the oil...
We cannot trust them, deny their entry.
Estonia Joins Mitteleuropa
Citing the need for closer collaboration and mutual economic ties, Germany has agreed to include Estonia in Mitteleuropa. Falling under the German sphere of influence will no doubt help in protecting the safety and security of the Estonian people from Russian revanchism.
Very good.
Estonia Refused Membership in Mitteleuropa
Our offer to join Mitteleuropa has been refused by Germany. The German delegate made several intolerable and obscene demands that would have seen Estonia essentially restored to the Duchy rather than being truly independent. We could not tolerate such demands and as such, Germany has refused to grant us access to their markets.
Well, this isn't good.
Trade with Estonia?
The Estonians have approached us with an offer to trade goods and services, they claim that opening up free trade between our two nations would only prove beneficial to us. Their economy is very small compared to ours, but they also possess vast sources of shale oil which we could help fund and thus secure ourselves a more stable source of fuel.
We would be more than happy to trade.
We will decline your offer.
[FROM.GetName] Agrees to Trade
The [FROM.GetAdjective]s have agreed to trade with us.
Good.
[FROM.GetName] Refuses to Trade
The [FROM.GetAdjective]s have refused to trade with us.
Bad.
The Question of the Unions
While we no longer have to contend for influence over the unions with the Vaps movement, we do not fully control the vast majority of them. Instead, many of them have liberal or even outright socialist leanings that will make cooperation and collaboration difficult. We could make concessions towards them, gaining their favours and netting us greater support, or we could remove many of their leaders through surreptitious means. While this would be more effective in bringing them directly under our control, it would leave many of their followers questioning if our rule is legitimate.
Give the unions autonomy.
Directly controlling the unions would be better.
Dealing with the Plutocrats
The Bourgeois control the vast majority of the wealth and resources of Estonia and if we are going to conduct our programmes of mass industrialisation and mechanisation we will need access to them. It's not a question of if we must deal with them, but rather a question of how we will deal with them. Their immense power and wealth needs to be ours, and it shall be ours. Already, the Upper House is composed of allied corporatists and business leaders associated with us so it would be a simple manner to extend an olive branch towards the rest of the plutocracy in the nation to join us for special dispensation. The alternative though would be to use the extensive power of the State at our disposal to threaten and persuade these bourgeois pseudo-aristocrats into supporting our endeavours.
Give them seats in the Upper House.
Everything they have shall serve the State.
Reformation of the Bureaucracy
In order to more efficiently pass our reforms and execute our programmes, we will need to cut down any and all barriers to our regime. By placing new bureaucratic administrations under the direction of the Lower House, we can better focus on our tasks and reforms while endearing us towards the opposition, however we can also directly appoint bureaucrats loyal to us and bypass the Lower House altogether. While this would make the government more efficient and save on spending, we would be alienating the democratic opposition.
Place it under the Lower House.
Appoint loyal administrators.
Lower House Secures Power
Isamaaliit Narrowly Secures Power
Isamaaliit Secures Supreme Power
With the Isamaaliit government unable to effectively secure the support of the unions, the businesses, or even the bureaucracy itself the people have lost faith in their government. With this turn of events, the democratic Lower House led by the democratic opposition have moved to dissolve the Upper Senate and remove the Isamaaliit from power.
The Isamaaliit government has managed to secure enough support from the unions, bourgeoisie, and the bureaucracy to be able to persuade the people of Estonia to support their platform of reforms and industrial modernisations. While the Lower House retains a sizeable proportion of influence and power in the government, the Isamaaliit dominance has been retained.
Over the past few months the Isamaaliit government has managed to secure the support of the unions, businesses, and the bureaucracy well beyond any expectations. Through bold political manoeuvring and machinations, with some even accusing the Isamaaliit of outright underhanded and possibly even illegal actions, Isamaaliit have a complete plurality of control over the government, businesses, and the popular vote.
This is the end of the Isamaaliit government.
This was a costly victory.
We have only just begun.
Status of the Executive
Article V of the Estonian Constitution:\n\n
The State Elder shall be elected by the Riigikogu.
The State Elder shall be elected by the popular vote.
Status of the Supreme Court
Article VI of the Estonian Constitution:\n\n
The Supreme Court shall be approved by the Riigikogu.
The Supreme Court shall be approved by the State Elder.
Status of the Riigikogu
Article VII of the Estonian Constitution:\n\n
Representatives shall be determined through first past the post voting.
Representatives shall be determined through proportional voting.
The First General Election
The polls are closed, and the results are in regarding the first free election in the history of the Estonian Republic! After days of tiring debate and discourse; the Eesti Rahvaerakond (Estonian People's Party) have secured victory.\n\nRepresenting the Eesti Rahvaerakond is Jaan Tõnisson, an early fighter of the Estonian nationalist cause and a former alumni of the University of Tartu. Tõnisson fought tirelessly for Estonian independence during the Russian and German periods and has pledged to ensure that Estonian democracy transitions smoothly. Congratulations to the new President!
The polls are closed, and the results are in regarding the first free election in the history of the Estonian Republic! After days of tiring debate and discourse; the Eesti Rahvaerakond (Estonian People's Party) have secured victory, albeit with several centrist independents supporting the new administration for some minor liberal concessions.\n\nLeading the government is Jaan Tõnisson, an early fighter of the Estonian nationalist cause and a former alumni of the University of Tartu. Tõnisson fought tirelessly for Estonian independence during the Russian and German periods and has pledged to ensure that Estonian democracy transitions smoothly. Congratulations to the new President!
The polls are closed, and the results are regarding the first free election in the history of the Estonian Republic! After days of tiring debate and discourse; the Eesti Tööerakond (Estonian Labour Party) has secured victory.\n\nLeading the government is Otto Strandman, a lawyer from the University of Tartu renowned for his eloquence. Strandman has promised radical land reform and protection for Estonia's agrarian economy. Congratulations to the new President!
The polls are closed, and the results are in regarding the first free election in the history of the Estonian Republic! After days of tiring debate and discourse; the social democratic party Eesti Sotsiaaldemokraatlik Tööliste Partei (Estonian Socialist Democratic Workers' Party) have secured victory.\n\nRepresenting the party is August Rei, who partook in the 1905 Russian Revolution and a veteran of the Weltkrieg and the war of independence. Rei has promised to enact land reform and to protect the rights of all Estonian citizens. Congratulations to the new President!
Tõnisson wins an absolute majority!
Tõnisson leads from the centre!
Strandman wins a surprise victory!
August Rei carries the day!
Estonia Wishes to Join Us
The newly established Estonian republic has reached out to us, seeking to make amends despite a past of occupation under our rule - in exchange for recognition of their independence and a military alliance, they will pledge their army and resources to our side, and even offer trade contracts.
Let them in.
How about no.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused our offer to join their faction, leaving us alone in the increasingly fickle geopolitical scene of Europe once again.
Very unfortunate.
Elections of [GetYear]
After a fierce election season, with many parties pushing their messaging feverishly onto the populace, we now come to the elections. Who will the voters choose this year?
Eesti Rahvaerakond.
Eesti Rahvaerakond, with support from independents.
Eesti Tööerakond.
Eesti Sotsialistlik Tööliste Partei.
Estonia Wants to Join the Federation
The Estonian government has been watching the development of our union of Nordic nations with keen interest. Today we have received their formal application to join the federation as a constituent state.
Another Nordic nation joins the herd!
Eesti cannot into Nordic.
Our Application Was Rejected!
We have received word from Göteborg that our application to join the Nordic Federation has been rejected. It appears that the member states have rejected letting in our nation on the grounds that we are not of Germanic culture like them.
My country is dead! My game has ended!
Hidden Event
Hidden event to have PatAuts stay neutral 50% of the time, and all paths to stay neutral if set to by the game rules.\n\nThe flags added by the neutrality option mean that the decisions to join factions don't appear, and AI Russia won't ask Estonia to join their faction.
Try to join the MA.
Always stay neutral.
Estonia
Estonian
Estonia
Estonian Socialist Republic
the Estonian Socialist Republic
Estonian Socialist Republic
the Estonian Socialist Republic
Estonian Socialist Republic
the Estonian Socialist Republic
Jaan Anvelt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1884, in Oorgu, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJaan Anvelt, known also by several pseudonyms, began his life among the peasantry and took up the noble profession of a schoolteacher, before moving to St. Petersburg where he would study law. Anvelt joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party and was expelled from university in 1911 for organising a student strike, though was allowed to graduate externally a year later. He would then organise and publish the socialist workers' newspaper Kiir and steadily became incredibly influential among Estonian socialist circles.\n\nIn 1917, he was elected to the Russian Provisional Province Assembly. Once the October Revolution kicked off, he joined the side of the Bolsheviks, becoming the chairman of the Estonian Soviet Executive Committee. Unfortunately for Anvelt, Estonia would not see the light of socialism and he was forced to look on as the United Baltic Duchy quashed the hopes of Estonian independence and the Bolsheviks collapsed. Afterward, he went underground but maintained his hopes for a firmly socialist Estonia.\n\nNow that the reactionaries have been ousted from the land of his people, Jaan Anvelt is in no mood for compromise and will spare no further quarter. Under his leadership, Estonia will become a bulwark of Eastern European socialism and the chains of its people broken permanently.§!
Arnold Sommerling
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1898, in Reval, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArnold Sommerling, born of a modest working-class family, graduated from the Reval School of Commerce in 1915. In 1917, he was conscripted into the army of the Russian Empire, before later working as a servant in the port of Reval.\n\nSommerling's radicalisation grew as he became heavily involved in Reval's trade unions, particularly as a secretary of the Harbor Loader's Union. Sommerling suffered under the heel of oppression against socialism conducted by the United Baltic Duchy, yet maintained his indignance and socialist beliefs.\n\nNow, it would appear the tables have turned. Arnold Sommerling is now fatefully the leader of a free and socialist Estonia. Tasked with safeguarding the freedom of his country's workers in a world increasingly chaotic, the road ahead is treacherous; though Sommerling passionately believes socialism is here to stay in Estonia, and vows to trounce all who dare challenge it.§!
August Rei
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1886, in Kurla, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAugust Rei has long established himself as not only a man dedicated to Estonia, but also to the complete freedom of its people. Rei's nationalist views led him to forestall his expulsion from the University of Tartu by pre-emptively leaving, before later finishing his education at the University of St. Petersburg. Rei became an early revolutionary socialist and was an active underground organiser during the Russian Revolution of 1905.\n\nBefore long, Rei attached himself to the burgeoning social-democratic movement and founded several publications promoting his views. During the Weltkrieg, Rei was an artillery officer, before returning to Reval in 1917 where he became instrumental in the raising of Estonian military units. Despite his efforts, the Estonian Provisional Government was crushed and several of its members would later go into exile.\n\nNow that the age of Baltic German dominance has finally met its end, August Rei can finally see his vision of a social-democratic Estonia come to fruition. Now that the presidency is his, he has vowed to enact sweeping land reform and will do everything in his power to keep Estonia's people free of tyranny, no matter the cost.§!
Otto Strandman
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1875, in Vandu, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDistinguishing himself as a consummate lawyer and economist, Otto Strandman has proven himself to be one of the most capable statesmen available to lead the fledgling Estonian republic. Strandman got his start defending Estonians against the privileged nobility and government officials in court, before being exiled for his radical beliefs during the Russian Revolution of 1905.\n\nInitially a radical socialist, Strandman would eventually return to the Governorate of Estonia, where he would continue to defend Estonian participants in the 1905 Revolution from prosecution. During the political chaos of Russia in 1917, Strandman rose from court prosecutor, to Reval city council member, to finally the Estonian Provincial Assembly. Strandman helped draft the initial reforms that led to Estonia's increased autonomy from the Russian government.\n\nDuring the Estonian War of Independence, Strandman was key in securing Swedish volunteers and had to sell much of his possessions to fund his trips to Stockholm. When the United Baltic Duchy cemented its control over Estonia, Strandman became a prominent exile and slowly moved toward the centre politically.\n\nNow that Estonia's past of imperial dominance is finally over, Strandman is charged with leading his nation to prosperity. Elected on a platform of land reform and agrarian protection, it remains to be seen how well the firebrand lawyer and speaker can fulfil his promises.§!
Jaan Tõnisson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1868, in Tänassilma, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFor decades, Jaan Tõnisson has dedicated his efforts toward promoting Estonian independence. Having been part of the Estonian National Movement since the 19th century, his introduction to the nationalist front came through the Estonian Students' Society, which he joined while studying law at the University of Tartu.\n\nCome 1893, Tõnisson became the editor of one of the largest Estonian-language news publications in the Russian Empire, Postimees. Tõnisson used his platform to promote anti-Russification and quickly became one of the foremost personalities behind the Estonian national awakening. In just under a decade, he and fellow nationalist Konstantin Päts began a rivalry after Päts had started his own rival newspaper. Shortly after the Russian Revolution of 1905, Tõnisson was one of the primary founders of the Estonian National Progress Party, which would become the first legal Estonian political party within the Russian Empire.\n\nDuring the October Revolution, Tõnisson opposed the Bolsheviks and was responsible for securing the recognition of Estonia by the Entente. This proved to be ultimately meaningless, as when Germany occupied the Baltics and established the United Baltic Duchy, Estonia would be forced to fight for its independence alone, a fight which left them outgunned and outmatched. A participant of the 1930 Petrograd Estonian National Congress, Tõnisson established himself as a major power broker among exiles and would end up being one of Artur Sirk's biggest opponents within the movement.\n\nNow that democracy within Estonia has finally been secured after decades of struggle, Jaan Tõnisson is the man holding the seat of power. Tõnisson intends to solidify Estonia's young constitution and ensure his nation gets to maintain its hard-fought freedom.§!
Jüri Uluots
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1890, in Kirbla, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJüri Uluots has been an esteemed practitioner of law and a powerful and connected member of Estonian political society for a long time. Uluots graduated in 1916 from St. Petersburg University with a law degree and diligently maintained his studies at the University of Tartu.\n\nUluots would become one of the primary organisers of the Estonian National Congress of 1930, held in Petrograd, and would become an influential member of the National Committee of the Estonian Government-in-Exile. As Sirk continued to centralise his power and influence, Uluots formed the Isamaaliit and warily kept tabs on Sirk and the evolution of the Omakaitse.\n\nIn the end, Uluots' efforts would pay off tremendously. Having secured the presidency of the new Estonian republic, he intends to maintain his power and craft a secure and stable Estonia along corporatist lines. So long as he remains at the helm, the government of his nation will be centralised and streamlined, safeguarding the people from syndicalism and those who wish to undermine the strength of Estonia.§!
Artur Sirk
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1900, in Pruuna, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom his teenage years up to now, Artur Sirk has spent his entire life fighting for Estonia. Volunteering during the Estonian War of Independence, he fought tooth and nail until the very last of the freedom fighters were routed from their homeland. As the fires of the struggle dimmed to embers and then to ashes once the United Baltic Duchy secured its rule over Estonia, Sirk would study law and diligently bide his time until his battered nation recouped its strength and awakened once more.\n\nSirk's prominence in the exile community grew strong as he became deputy chairman of the Eesti Vabadussõjalaste Liit (Union of Participants in the Estonian War of Independence), becoming its deputy chairman and establishing a breadth of connections among fellow veterans of the War of Independence. By 1930, Sirk had become one of the most well-known and charismatic Estonian nationalists. When the Estonian National Congress was called in Petrograd, there were few more galvanising choices of leadership than Sirk himself.\n\nOne of Sirk's first initiatives was the reformation of the Omakaitse, and ever since he has slowly increased his power and influence within the paramilitary. Despite his popularity, fellow members of the National Committee view him with derision, seeing him as a demagogue who will merely replace a foreign oppressor with a native oppressor.\n\nIn the aftermath of Estonia's rise to independence, it is now Artur Sirk who holds the reins. Believing that no other man is capable enough for the job, he has little intention of leaving the fate of his country up to any other man. Sirk envisions a centralised, unified, and secure Estonia; one in which democracy will not survive.§!
Andres Larka
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1879, in Pilistvere, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Hengo Tulnola
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1897, in Navi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHengo Tulnola is an enigmatic figure. Unable to finish his secondary education, he was drafted into the Russian army in the summer of 1916 and would rise to the rank of junior officer. During the chaos of 1917, he returned to Estonia and joined the growing independence movement, eventually fighting in the Estonian War of Independence against the United Baltic Duchy. Injured in combat, he fled with the rest of his comrades and was forced into exile.\n\nAfter several unsuccessful ventures, including a stint as a goldsmith, Tulnola would come to pass his time recording as much as he could of the Estonian independence movements into history. These publications earned him the attention of the Estonian émigré community, and he came into contact with the pagan Taaraist movement, which he would soon become a member of. Tulnola would utilise his heroic military history and influence over Estonian nationalist history to become a prominent ultra-nationalist, eventually becoming the head of the Estonian National Directorate.\n\nNow that the directorate is in power, Hengo Tulnola and the directorate can establish their vision of a nationalist, strong Estonia. It remains to be seen just how much influence his Taaraist beliefs will have on how he leads his nation.§!
Aleksander Tõnisson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 17th, 1875, in Pööra, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jaan Kruus
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1884, in Soosalu, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Johan Laidoner
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1884, in Vardja, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Johannes Orasmaa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1890, in Joala, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Johan Pitka
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1872, in Jalgsema, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Karl Liidemann
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1889, in Sindi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Leo Sepp
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1892, in Simuna, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Ants Piip
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1884, in Tuhalaane, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Hjalmar Mäe
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1901, in Tuhala, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
August Tuulse
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1894, in Kastre-Võnnu, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Richard Tomberg
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1897, in Mõisamaa, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Johannes Soodla
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1897, in Kudina, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Alfons Rebane
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1897, in Valga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
