Princely States Focus Tree
§YSayajirao Gaekwad III§! becomes §YMaharaja of Maharashtra§!
§YMadras§! will become a §YFull Member§! of the Council.
§YMadras§! will be §Rremoved§! from the Council.
§YHari Singh of Kashmir§! will become a §YMember§! of the Council.
§YJiwajirao Scindia of Gwalior§! will become a §YMember§! of the Council.
§GAn election between the Princes for a national Diwan will be held in six weeks time.§!
§GA general election within the entire federation will be held in six weeks time.§!
The §YAftershocks of Black Monday§! have hit [PRF.GetNameDef]
The Council of Princes has achieved full control.
§CIf the $TAG|Y$ has 50 or higher opinion of us:§!
§GTaking focuses in the economic branch will now reduce time left on Black Monday.§!
§RContinued overreach by the Nizam is bound to have consequences...§!
Enables Decision: £decision_icon_small §YJoin the Moscow Accord§!
Enables Decision: £decision_icon_small §YJoin the Istanbul Pact§!
INC (Maximists)
Indian National Congress (Maximists)
INC (Left)
Indian National Congress (Left)
INC (Agrarians)
Indian National Congress (Agrarians)
CPI
Communist Party of India
Hyderabad Congress
Hyderabad State Congress
All-India Mahasabha (Left)
All-India Mahasabha (All-India Grand Assembly - Left)
Andhra Mahasabha
Andhra Mahasabha (Andhra Grand Assembly)
All-India Mahasabha
All-India Mahasabha (All-India Grand Assembly)
Andhra Mahasabha
Andhra Mahasabha (Andhra Grand Assembly)
All-India Mahasabha
All-India Mahasabha (All-India Grand Assembly)
Justice Party
South Indian Liberal Federation
BDA
Bharatiya Democratic Alliance
Council of Princes
Council of Princes
National Government
National Government
Executive Council
Executive Council of Hyderabad
MIM (Razakars)
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (Council for Muslim Unity) - Razakars
Disorder-In-Council
Initially forming during the Indian Revolution, the Council of Princes was envisioned as a way for the major rulers of south India to collectively rule the newly independent nation. As the years have gone on however, the uniquely privileged position occupied by the Nizam within the Council has slowly led the nation towards one led solely by Osman. Such a situation is one the other council members have refused to take sitting down, and now only time will tell if the council will survive much longer.
Aftershocks of Black Monday
While increased reliance on German markets was a necessity to survive in a post Imperial world, the Black Monday collapse has as a result inflicted great damage on the Indian economy, like it has much of the world.
Federal Railway Company
Historically the railways in India have been divided between a wide assortment of owners, ranging from foreign capital to even Osman Ali Khan himself. In an attempt to improve this system, these disparate railways have all been placed under the authority of one central Federal enterprise.
Growth of Indigenous Business
As argued by leading businessmen in [PRF.GetNameDef], if the nation is to survive into the modern age it must facilitate the growth of indigenously owned companies rather than tying itself so heavily to foreign imports as it has been historically. To that end, the government of [PRF.GetNameDef] have greatly invested in native companies, hoping to build a self sustaining economy.
The New Federal Army
The first Federal Army of the [PRF.GetName] could hardly be described as a professional force, having been hastily assembled together in the chaotic years of the Indian Revolution. Aiming to address the shortcomings this has caused, the [PRF_GetCountryTitle]'s government has set out grand reforms to fully reorganise it into a force capable of defeating any enemy of the Indian people.
The First Federal Navy
While [PRF.GetNameDef] has always had a few ships to its name, it could hardly be described as a navy, being more just whatever could be salvaged from Britain's collapse. Such a situation could not last for long however, especially as the [PRF_GetCountryTitle] begins to stretch out its wings, and so their government has begun to fund the creation of a proper navy to serve the nation.
Diverting Funds to the Navy
In an effort to massively increase its naval output, [PRF.GetNameDef] has chosen to cut back on funding of less important ventures, with the saved funds being redirected to the nation's navy.
The Deccan Air School
The Deccan Air School is Hyderabad's leading pilot school. With government investment, we will have the best pilots in the subcontinent.
Father of the Federation
While Osman may now be the sole ruler of the Indian Federation, the Nizam has shunned any symbolic elevations of status, instead opting to reinforce his image as the Federation's founder. Despite in practice having powers akin to a national monarch, the Nizam has set out to paint himself as simply a \
Rule by Firman
When Osman was simply the Nizam of Hyderabad, little happened within his realm without a direct decree from him endorsing it. Now as the subcontinent's mighty emperor, such administration has been expanded to the whole Indian nation; with local ministers and councils being expected to carry out his will expressed via firman as swiftly as possible.
One Nation Under Osman
While Osman may be a Muslim, he has made clear that he does not intend to rule the nation as a conqueror, imposing his beliefs onto others and disadvantaging those of other faiths. While not everyone in the nation is convinced by such promises, his great purge of the Razakars has gone a long way in reassuring people of his intentions.
Right of Conquest
As expressed by Razakar leader Qasim Razvi, Osman's right to rule India has derived solely from his conquest of its peoples, and no concessions should be granted to the vanquished. With Osman granting the Razakars unchecked levels of power to ensure his rule stays uncontested, those amongst the \
Fight Against Famine
For millennia famine has been one of the greatest threats to the Indian people, killing more than any conqueror. With recent decades seeing great advances in the world of artificial nitrogen fertilizers, the elimination of famine is in sight, and to that end Osman has chosen to massively fund these efforts so that this great evil will never threaten India's people ever again.
Royal Sadaqah
Osman's authoritative rule is not one that the Indian people are so easily willing to accept, but being the richest man in the world has its advantages, even if spending a single rupee pains him. To help ensure that Osman maintains the support of as many of his subjects as possible, he has ramped up his personal spending on many great projects across the realm for the benefit of the little people of the nation, of course naming these projects after himself to remind the people of their great benefactor.
The Charitable Miser
$PRF_royal_sadaqah_idea_desc$
Image of the Rajarshi
The Rajarshis, or Royal Sages, are those amongst the Hindu ruling castes who truly display pure devotion and care for their people, always choosing to enrich the nation over themselves. While not directly referring to themselves as such, the leadership of the Council of Princes have begun to unofficially encouraged the promotion of the image of each of them being Rajarshis, nobly leading the nation forward and giving everything they have to benefit the lower castes that they rightfully rule over.
The Supreme Council of India
During the days of the East India Company, the Supreme Council of Bengal acted as India's highest authority, being comprised of four primary members, with a fifth position being fulfilled by the governor general as effective head of the Council, although notably lacking a veto power over decisions. Now over a century later, a similar such system has arisen again, ruled however now by the native rulers of the subcontinent rather than colonial leaders. It is through this new \
Royal Patronage Fund
It is right for the wealthy to give back to society, and with the princes of the Federation now acting very much in unison a collective fund has been set up to allow each prince to donate towards a common goal. This fund is then spent upon infrastructure and development throughout the nation, attributed collectively to each prince, ensuring that every Indian recognises the vital role that every prince plays in uplifting the nation, rather than simply highlighting the richest amongst them.
Wall Street of Asia
The city of Madras has long been an important centre of finance in India, and now with a major government push to frame it as the \
Cultivation of the Administration
With power being divided between the Council of Princes, the National Assembly, and even the parties within the Assembly, cultivating an effective and efficient administration is a seemingly impossible task. If there is anyone however who can successfully do so, it is the diwan Ramaswami Iyer, a man who so far has been extremely successful in navigating such a challenge.
Revitalising the Council
While historically the Council of Princes has kept voting rights solely to its royal members, a representative from Madras has always maintained an observer seat on the Council. Now in an attempt to revitalise the Council and bring the nation further towards modernity, Madras has been elevated to full status on the Council, at last giving further representation for the nation's common peoples.
Building a Mass Movement
The Andhra Mahasabha may have been little more than a regional pressure group just a few short years ago, but now as the party leading the nation the new Mahasabha has taken great strides to include those from all of India, ensuring that it truly represents the nation's masses.
A New Federation
Indian democracy may not be as developed as it is in other great nations of the world, but under the leadership of the All-India Mahasabha the Federation has taken great strides towards having a truly democratic system that represents all of the nation's people; a far cry from the princely controlled state of yesteryear.
A New Federation
Indian democracy may not be as developed as it is in other great nations of the world, but under the leadership of Iyer the Federation has taken great strides towards embracing modernity and uplifting those throughout the country. While the diwan's authority may be growing uncomfortably large for some people, most remain confident that Iyer has the best intentions in mind for India's peoples.
The Sovereign Statesman
Despite the Council of Princes maintaining a great deal of authority and power on paper, the nation's diwan C.P Ramaswami Iyer has ensured through his reforms that the true ruler of the nation is Iyer himself, with neither the Council nor the Assembly being able to challenge his position. While Iyer's power may now be effectively absolute, he has remained steadfast in his goal of bringing his vision to the nation rather than simply enriching himself, believing that he alone can truly modernise the nation and lead India forward as a new great power.
Defending the Downtrodden
For almost as long as people have existed in India there has always been a downtrodden group amongst them, whether they be Dalits, women, ethnic or religious minorities. Such oppression is regarded as a relic of the past by the Federation's government, who have made it their mission to ensure that these downtrodden groups are protected and uplifted, so that they may play an equal part in society.
Madras Autonomy
Following agreements reached between the newly formed All-India Federation and the Madras Legislative Council during the Indian Revolution, the former British presidency joined the federation as a distinct member. Under these agreements, the State of Madras has continued to operate much as it did under British rule, being in the unusual position within the Federation of functioning as a democratically elected republic rather than being ruled by an absolute or executive monarchy like its fellow states.\n\nAdditionally under the agreements, matters concerning Madras itself have been almost entirely devolved to its Legislative Council, and a representative chosen by its members sits on the Council of Princes, ostensibly to ensure that Madras maintains a say on national laws that may also affect them.
Southern Autonomy
As part of the reunification agreement between the Dominion and the Federation, the south of the nation has been allowed a great deal of autonomy to manage its own affairs while recognising the government in [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Industrialising the Nation
Begin the Rajasthan Canal
The Rajasthan region has long been in need of a proper irrigation system, and an interesting proposal by Bikaner's chief engineer, Kanwar Sain, has been approved by the Diwan. Under this proposal work will begin taking water from the Harike Barrage, fed by many major Himalayan Rivers, and directing it with a canal to supply most of western Rajasthan. While this will likely take decades to finish in full, it is certainly a project worth investing in for, and even the short term benefits can be fruitful.
Malwa Canal Network
The drought prone region of Malwa in central India has long been in need of more canals, and luck would have it that the Narmada running through the area would be perfect for this purpose. Work will begin shortly on a network of canals along the river, and from other smaller nearby bodies of water, to help stave off the worst effects of any drought.
Expand Doab Irrigration Channels
The Upper Doab in northern India is one of the most important regions for food production in the entire nation, producing not only most of the nation's wheat but also rivalling Bengal for rice production. Aiding farmers in the region through a mass expansion of irrigation channels will almost certainly bring the region's output to even greater heights.
Dig in Digboi
Digboi, as the legend goes, was named as such when Canadian engineer W.L Lake told his men to 'Dig boy dig!' upon seeing the first signs of oil. Despite the oil being first discovered almost a century ago now, the well has seemingly been barely tapped, and so we should make a great effort at resolving this mistake to capitalise further off this black gold.
Orissa Bauxite Extraction
Orissa is home to some of the richest bauxite reserves in all of Asia, yet little has been done to harvest and process this increasingly valuable material. Still, there is no time like the present to get to work, and so expanding our mining infrastructure in the region should be a priority.
Hematite in Bailadila
Two things seem certain in life, the first being death, and the second being man's constant demand for more iron. The Bailadila mountain range is home to rather high quality hematite ore, which should help towards filling this great demand.
Bridging the Teesta
The regions of Darjeeling and Sikkim have many disconnected communities separated from each other by the mighty gorges formed by the Teesta river. While there have historically been plans to properly bridge the river, they have historically fallen to the wayside due to the revolution and its consequences. Now however seems like a perfect opportunity to revive these plans.
Rebuilding the Dufferin Bridge
The Dufferin Bridge of the Ganges was at one point one of the greatest bridges in India, but was mostly destroyed as part of the Battle for Varanasi. The bridge's importance to the local city means that we cannot simply allow it to remain destroyed, and so a great effort should be made to see it return to full operational capacity.
Paving Baluchistan
The frontier regions of Baluchistan may be little more than a backwater as far as most are concerned, but they are still an important part of the nation that should be uplifted along with the rest of it. To that end, we should seek to build a proper modern road network in the region, allowing easy travel to and from major nearby cities like Karachi and Quetta, and also travel within the region between Kalat and Kharan.
Expand the Sukkur Barrage
The Sukkur Barrage provides irrigation to farmers in the arid region of Sind, supplying water from the Indus to regions that otherwise get very little. Reinforcing its installations and expanding its associated canals will provide local farmers quite a bit of relief.
The Pallivasal Hydro-Electric Project
The Pallivasal Hydro-Electric Project is a proposal for a hydro-electric plant that will increase the electrical output in the state of Travancore, as well as providing new opportunities for irrigation in the region. By accepting and moving forward with this installation, the region will see greatly increased development.
Subsidise the Chakhao Plantations
Chakhao, also referred to as Manipuri Black Rice, is a highly nutritious rice plant grown in the region of Manipur. It's vibrant purple colorisation additionally makes it an exotic food for importing nations abroad. A generous series of subsidies should see the region attain great prosperity.
Uplifting Delhi to Modern Standards
The site of the former Sultanate of Delhi, the former capital of the British Raj and perhaps the most coveted city for any conqueror wishing to attain control of the vast Indian continent. Socialist rule has done the city absolutely no good, however. Many streets are cramped, Indians packed like sardines into poorly constructed apartments and slums popping up just after another has been cleared. Through thorough public works projects, Delhi shall finally claim its spot as the city of the century.
Invest in the Jubbulpore Armaments Industry
The city of Jubbulpore has a considerable armaments industry that received heavy damage during the civil war. By directing some capital toward this sector, we shall be rewarded with a stronger arms industry than we had beforehand.
The Karachi Shipyard Project
The Port of Karachi has had a most turbulent history in recent times, enduring a strike during the initial aftershock of Black Monday and straining to meet demand as the former Dominion's sole major harbor. A series of enhancements and upgrades will remedy any issue it may have in the future with regards to capacity, and further improve our domestic ship-building industry.
Fund Kashmiri Carpet Exports
Kashmiri Carpets are coveted by the world's wealthy and elite for their intricate beauty and exceptional quality of craftsmanship. We will fund an advertisement campaign and subsidise local carpet weavers so that our great nation will benefit from the income of this luxurious export.
Issue Executive Firman
While most laws go through the Council, the Nizam still retains the authority to bypass them when needed, and passing a firman that will help ensures things develop to his advantage is certainly a situation he views warrants it.
Rely on the Razakars
The Razakars may be dangerous violent thugs, but they are the Nizam's dangerous violent thugs, and will ensure that those who speak ill of him in public are reminded why such actions are normally done behind closed doors.
Buying Good Will
It is the duty of those with wealth and power to ensure that their lessers are properly cared for, and the Big Four are certainly no strangers to providing such care. In turn, it is expected that those provided for will be much more amenable to supporting the goals of their benefactors.
Combatting the Nizam's Propaganda
As the so called \
Concessions to the Assemblies
While most bills that make their way through the Council are drafted by the advisors of the members, or developed initially in the Chamber, on certain occasions the advisory assemblies in each constituent state are allowed to submit their own bills through their relevant prince. If needed, allowing some additional bills from the assemblies could strengthen the sway of these assemblies over the lawmaking process, helping balance the situation in the Council.
The Berar Road
With every passing day making it clear that war will soon return to India, preparations must immediately begin for this eventuality. In the event of an attack from the north, Berar is almost certain to become the most active part of the frontline, being the least defendable section of the border, and so we must guarantee a proper supply network between Hyderabad and the Berar front if we wish for any hope of holding the area.
Merging the Railways
Despite the vital role the nation's railways serve, there still remains no central authority overseeing them all. Instead, control lays split between private companies, foreign ownership, and many of the princes themselves. To properly streamline this mess, it would be wise to merge these disparate companies together, operating through the existing administration of the Nizam's Guaranteed State Railway.
Hyderabad-Madras Express
Madras is the third most important city in south India, behind only Bombay and Hyderabad itself, yet the connections between the [PRF_GetCountryTitle]'s heart and Madras have for too long remained woefully lacking. Now is the perfect time to finally address this problem, and create a proper direct line between the two.
Bombay to Bangalore
Bangalore acts as an important hub for connecting the far south to the rest of the nation, with many of the raw materials produced in these areas being routed through it to reach the industrial heartland of Bombay. An expansion of the rail infrastructure between the two should greatly aid any future industrial expansion.
Importing European Models
We cannot easily afford to dedicate any substantial amount of our heavy industry towards the production of modern diesel and electric trains entirely from scratch, but acquiring them would be a major boon for the nation. To remedy this, we should see to importing a sizable number of models from Europe, alongside acquiring difficult to produce parts from which we can more easily put together trains of our own.
Finish the Nizam Sagar Dam
While the Nizam Sagar Dam was started many years ago, the project was never able to reach full completion as a result of the Revolution. With the dam in an almost finished state already, it would be foolish to not simply dedicate the resources needed to give it the final push over the edge towards being complete, especially when considering the great electrical and irrigational benefits from it that we sorely need.
Shroff Development Plan
Responding to the Black Monday crisis, a team of economists and industrialists led by Ardeshir Shroff have put together a development plan to ensure swift recovery from this temporary economic shock. The plan in itself advocates for stronger intervention in favour of Indian business, the importation of new crop variants to attempt to ensure better harvests, and the increased involvement of native companies in the exploitation of our many untapped resources.
Hope Wheat Trials
The fear that we are one bad season away from major famine and the amount of time that has to be devoted to farming to simply sustain the nation are two of the biggest issues facing the [PRF_GetCountryTitle]'s potential for growth, especially in the wheat reliant west. In an attempt to remedy both of these problems, we have agreed to trial new crop breeds originating in the Americas which are said to be resistant to common diseases like rust, while greatly increasing yield.
Andhra Irrigation Schemes
The region of Andhra is one of the most important rice producing areas of the entire subcontinent, and we have yet to get anywhere near the limits of the potential yield we can achieve. With enough investment in improving the irrigation infrastructure in the region we can expand the viable farmland, as well as allow further rice production during the Rabi season.
Prioritise Indigenous Business
In a completely free system, many native Indian businesses will simply fail to compare to their much more firmly established foreign competition. To avoid the nation once again being ruled by foreign business, we must guarantee economic protections so that our own businesses can thrive long enough to compete against these foreign heavyweights.
Favouring a Private Approach
While we may guarantee protections for Indian businesses, we cannot risk simply abandoning the fundamentals of capitalism lest we risk becoming a second Calcutta. It is therefore important to ensure that where possible we favour and foster private business, instead of resorting to increased nationalisation as some have called for.
Increased Federal Intervention
There are certain areas of the economy where no matter how hard private businesses try, they will never be more effective than the government at providing important services. We should therefore move towards nationalisation where needed in these key areas, to ensure the most effective utilisation of national resources.
Exploiting the Chandradrona Deposits
The Chandradrona mountain range is a rich, and mostly untapped, source of iron ore, something that the nation is in desperate need of. Proper exploitation of these deposits and the expansion of steel processing facilities to accommodate should be one of our most important economic priorities.
Strengthen Madrasi Heavy Industry
Despite Bombay being south India's industrial heartland, Madras's importance in this field cannot be understated. With enough government support, the industry throughout the entire Madras region can easily get to a position where it could rival, and perhaps even overtake Bombay, and such a scenario would greatly benefit the nation.
Phasing Out British Equipment
The nation is not going to survive further conflicts armed with just old rifles from Ishapore and whatever the Bombay garrison left behind. It is therefore vital that we begin producing new rifles of our own, with whatever we can muster.
Developing the Poona Officers' Academy
The Indian nation has long been starved of good native officers, a very intentional policy from the British in their failed attempt to prevent a repeat of 1857; something that obviously worked so well for them. To rectify this dearth, an academy was set up a few years ago in Poona to train more officers, and we should help ensure this academy is developed as much as possible.
Streamlining the Command Structure
The initial iteration of the Federal Army was hastily thrown together in the chaotic days of the revolution, made up from the personal armies of the princely states, British defectors, and anyone willing to take up arms against the socialists. While there has been a slow effort to untangle the jumbled mess of units in the past few years, we must accelerate these efforts to stay competitive.
The New Federal Army
While our reform efforts may only just be beginning, for the first time in our short history the Federal Army is now actually worthy of such a name; no longer being a ragtag enthusiastic force of soldiers. Hopefully when the time comes, it will be enough to not only defend the nation, but restore it to greatness.
Negotiating Equipment Deliveries
Winning over the friendship of an Indian nation that does not simply follow the orders of the British king or Calcutta's new red kings in London is a very attractive prospect to many of the major powers of the world. Such interest is something we can easily exploit to fill the many holes that still remain in our army's stockpiles.
Support the Bangalore Defence Industry
Almost as soon as the revolution ended, Maharaja Wadiyar IV began a major campaign to build a new defence industry in Bangalore's old British Cantonment. Such an effort is one that is sure to bear great fruit for the [PRF_GetCountryTitle], and we should divert federal funding to aid Mysore in furthering these efforts for the sake of national security.
Updating Shivaji's Tactics
The first Maratha realm was carved out by the great Maharaja Shivaji, who recognised that a large advanced army is not needed to win wars when one truly understands the land around them, properly utilising a flexible irregular army. The tactics he pioneered can still hold true even in the modern age, except of course enhanced greatly by the technology of our era.
Prioritising Adaptability
We will not win against our enemies if we simply expect every battlefield to be in our favour. We must instead focus on ensuring that no matter the situation, our men can not only fight at their peak strength, but fight continuously even if they find themselves isolated from our supply lines.
Learn from the Battle of Ahmadabad
Ahmadabad was nothing short of a disaster, one in which many good men were slain by the socialist marauders in a valiant last stand in the city. The mistakes made that led to such a slaughter cannot be repeated, and next time our soldiers end up fighting in the streets they will be ready.
A New Generation of Armoured Cars
British import restrictions meant that historically, many of our soldiers were stuck utilising armoured cars rather than the much more powerful tanks that they provided their loyal lapdogs. The experience this granted us however has taught that we should not underestimate the armoured car, for it has great use in supportive reconnaissance roles, and with the right tools can be produced much more cheaply than any decent tank, perfect for a flexible army such as ours.
Integrating Elephants into the Sappers
War elephants charging into the enemy line may be nothing but a historical relic, but it is a mistake to think that elephants cannot still serve an important purpose in a modern army. In terrain unsuitable for mechanised options, elephants excel as part of sapper corps, being perfect for building bridges across rough terrain and hauling large equipment where other options simply cannot.
Guerrillas of the Deccan
Ganimi Kava is the blueprint that many forms of asymmetric warfare have been based upon, a blueprint that was perfected in the great mountains of the Deccan we call home. Bringing this style of warfare once again to the Ghats, and even beyond, shall hopefully win us the victories we desire as it did for Shivaji.
Refine Mahadaji's Legacy
It was under Mahadaji Scindia that the rulers of southern India first realised that simply relying on courage and prowess will win you nothing but a flowery legacy told only by your subjugated sons. Unless we wish to befall such a fate, the army must not only be modernised to European standards, but hopefully one day even surpass them!
Modernising Ayurveda
A sick soldier might as well be a dead one without the proper treatment, and for centuries Ayurveda has been used to ensure that they get back on their feet. In the modern day, the more mystical aspects of the system have slowly eroded away to create a new more scientific approach, and although many sceptics still believe it to be nothing more than pseudoscience it is hard to deny that it gets our soldiers back on their feet; even if it's just a placebo.
Refitting the Lancers
Our many units of lancers have long been the pride of the armies of all the south Indian states, yet without continued advancement this pride will quickly morph into nothing more than a relic. These men must be equipped with the latest guns, and artillery designed to match their great mobility, so that they can continue to be the swift hammer that crushes our foes.
Encouraging Native Innovation
'It's good enough' has for too long been the motto of many of our quartermasters, for it is always good enough until you face an enemy who outguns you while your weapon falls to pieces. It is vital that our soldiers be equipped with the latest technology as soon as possible, developed at home rather than imported from abroad years after our enemies first get their hands on it.
Reforming the Deccan Invincibles
The Deccan Invincible were once a great elite force that won many a battle for the Marathas. In the present day such achievements are made by the specialist elite troops that punch well above their weight when needed, your marines, your mountaineers, and even your paratroopers. If we wish to emulate the successes of the Deccan Invincible, we should establish our own units of specialist troops to clinch victory.
Strengthening the Gardi Core
At the heart of any army is its core infantry line, for a glut of elites ready to crush the enemy's army is of little used if your lines fold before they get the chance to. Ensuring that even the lowest soldier is equipped and ready to fight as hard as he can will be the most vital step in creating a world class army for the Indian nation.
Growing the IISc
The Tata Institute, or more formally the Indian Institute of Science, is one of the most important research facilities in all of India, and furthering its growth is a cause that even the most argumentative of princes can easily get on the same page about doing. Ensuring that the [PRF_GetCountryTitle] remains at the forefront of science will not only help in every day life, but will aid in the development of cutting edge technology for our military, hopefully giving a great advantage.
India United!
The socialist menace has been driven from the north, and the rump Raj has at last been put down. It is now our duty to restore the nation to its former glory, recover from the damage this devastating war has brought, and lead all of India into a bright new future.
Reconstructing the Nation
India lies in tatters, devastated by two major wars in the span of a decade; but it shall never be defeated. Repairing the damage should be the government's highest priority, and hopefully in time we can not only recover from the destruction, but even one day surpass the pre-revolution years.
Fate of the Loyalist Rulers
When Osman declared independence to save India from socialism, many cowardly princes in the north refused to rally behind him, being too scared to take a stand for their freedom. Those who were lucky enough to not be invaded during the revolution were able to keep their place under the British, and although they may have chosen to back our enemies, we must still consider whether they should be allowed to maintain their positions.
Restoring the Ousted Princes
The Federation's members may have fought hard against the socialist marauders, yet it was not enough to save all of them. Many of their lands were overrun, and many a good man cut down; even the great house of Scindia were driven from their lands in Gwalior, having resided in Hyderabad ever since. It is time now to correct this injustice, and restore these lands back to their rightful rulers.
Federal Reorganisation
To think we can simply roll back the clock to a time before the revolution, restoring all the princely lands as they were then, is nothing short of a fantasy. Their people have been radicalised against them by the Calcutta regime, and forcefully installing the princes back would simply prime us for further unrest much further down the line. The lands should instead should be managed as federal states, reorganised as needed to incorporate them into the administration.
Armed Forces Rehabiliation
At the end of the day the common man rarely fights for his ideological convictions, have him born a few miles down the road and he'll just as easily fight under another banner. We therefore should grant blanket amnesty to the low ranking soldiers of our enemies, hopefully earning us some good will, and discuss what should be the fate of their more committed officers.
Reversing Socialist Destruction
The socialists of the north wreaked havoc wherever they managed to spread their tendrils, under false claims of liberating the Indian people from oppression. It will take years, maybe even decades, to properly repair this damage, but for now we can at least begin with reversing some aspects of their economic sabotage.
Protecting the Farmers
Agriculture is the nation's backbone, one to which everything would crumple without, and yet the war has devastated countless fields and farms from mortar shells and tank treads. Ensuring that these farmers get back on their feet and keep producing enough food to both sustain the nation and maintain reasonable exports should be one of our highest priorities.
The Bridge and Road Project
A town is nothing more than an isolated island if its people cannot easily leave it, and the state of the nation's roads at this point is nothing short of a catastrophe. With enough effort however, we may be able to once again reconnect much of the nation together, facilitating further growth and recovery.
Increasing Agricultural Exports
Without capital, many of the projects needed to restore the nation are little more than niceties, worth less than the paper they are written on. Even with the damages, agriculture remains our strongest export and so to gather the money needed to cover these grand projects we must up our exports in this field as much as we reasonably can.
Urban Restoration Projects
Nowhere was hit harder in the recent conflict than the country's great cities, even settlements like Nagpur are more rubble and graves than homes at this point. The nation cannot hope to move forward until these urban centres have been properly restored, and so doing so should be one of the first major projects we embark on.
Focus on Capital Growth
While simply recovering to the levels of yesteryear would greatly improve the lives of many of our people, it is foolish to believe that this alone will be enough to actually restore the nation. We should further our previous support for Indian businesses, relying heavily on them to also aid in recovery efforts, so that we can not only recover but continue to thrive and grow even greater.
Competitive Industry
Under British rule Indian industry was intentionally kneecapped to stop its true growth, with the overlords back in Britain fully aware that Indian industry could easily put every British factory out of business without these restrictions. Now that we are no longer held back, it is time to prove their fears correct, and begin on the path of outcompeting European production.
Tapping India's Potential
The natural wealth of the earth has for centuries granted the opportunity to turn even the poorest pauper into the wealthiest prince if he can properly control and exact nature's bounty. Even with much of the country still devastated, great capital can still be raised through prioritising the extraction of raw resources like oil and iron, and selling them to the highest bidder, especially the desperate war ridden nations who have few other choices for suppliers.
Using our Natural Wealth
While the expansion of the many existing mines, quarries, and other such operations has so far served us well in quenching our resource thirst, it is not enough as many of these sites will quickly find themselves depleted. We must therefore begin developing new sites, those to which have great potential to output large amounts of resources if given the right time and attention. From these we can easily supplement our needs, and significantly increase our exports.
Greatness Belongs to Osman!
With the tyrannical princes having been put back in their proper place, the great Nizam is now free to rule India as he sees fit. The Age of Osman shall bring a bright new era for the Indian people!
Declare the Kaisar-i-Hind
With the Nizam firmly in control, the time has come to declare a change: the stolen title of Kaisar-i-Hind shall at last be reclaimed from the British, with Osman himself serving as the nation's emperor. All power will rest with him, and the people will cheer him as the great restorer of the nation!
Father of the Federation
While some might have assumed the Nizam held imperial ambitions, the truth is that he intended solely to centralise the government's power in his hands for the benefit of all. With the princes no longer able to slow the nation's growth with their in-fighting, the time has come for the Federation to become the great power it has always been destined to be.
Harness the Razakars
While the Princes may have been dealt with, there is never an end to usurpers wishing to see the nation collapse into chaos once again. We must therefore increase our reliance upon the Razakars, to properly instil fear in any potential threats and nip in the bud any who are not smart enough to be scared.
Ensure Muslim Supremacy
As advocated by Razakar leader Qasim Razvi, Muslim rule over India is justified solely by the right of conquest, for there is no better justification needed. No concessions shall be made to the vanquished, and so we shall ensure that all major positions are occupied by Muslims, as they deserve to be.
Dissolve the Razakars
Qasim Razvi's violent thugs cannot be trusted, and they have already outlived their usefulness. It is time to ensure that they are properly dissolved, and Razvi himself is swiftly dealt with.
Protector of All Faiths
Attempting to rule over all of India's many peoples, rather than rule with them, will only lead to disastrous results. We must therefore ensure equal legal protections and advancement for all Indians, whether they be Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Buddhists, or anything else; and we will also ensure that they know these benefits come solely from the great benevolence of Osman himself.
Appoint a National Diwan
While Osman may be the ultimate authority in the land, authority is meaningless if there is no one to ensure your will is carried out. A national Diwan will therefore be appointed directly by Osman, who will act as the primary enforcer of Osman's orders.
Establish the National Executive Council
As ruler of Hyderabad, Osman made the decision to establish an Executive Council to advise him on important matters and help ensure his will was carried out as effectively as it could be. Now with all of India operating under his authority, it is only logical that a similar council be established at a national level, made up of those who have truly demonstrated their loyalty and usefulness.
Assert Authority Over the Realm
While the Madras Autonomy has existed for barely over a decade, it has already become an outdated relic of a bygone era. It is time now to dissolve this useless autonomy, and fully assert Osman's authority over the entire realm rather than continuing to allow their perverse democratic government to fester.
Royal Sadaqah
As a good Muslim, and especially as the world's richest man, it is the duty of Osman to provide for his subjects; the wayward travellers, those burdened with debt, and especially the poorest amongst them. It is through Osman that all of these people will be properly cared for, and they will be sure to associate his name with benevolence.
Expand the \
For millennia famine has been one of the greatest threats to the Indian people, killing more than any conqueror. With recent decades seeing great advances in the world of artificial nitrogen fertilizers, the elimination of famine is in sight, and to that end we should expand the existing Main Experimental Farm into a major agricultural university; hopefully ensuring India becomes the forefront of agricultural development to lead this fight against famine.
Begin Agricultural Reforms
For centuries there has been little technological advancement when it comes to farming as far as the average peasant is concerned, save for maybe the seed drill. With mechanised farming equipment becoming cheaper and easier to produce however, we are on the cusp of a great new technological revolution in farming, and with enough support we can begin the path towards the mass mechanisation of Indian agriculture.
Enshrine Compulsory Primary Education
For India to evolve from the colonial backwater it was under Britain to a modern great power, we cannot continue to be a society in which the vast majority of the population are completely illiterate. It is vital therefore that we make primary level education compulsory for all Indians, and greatly expand government funding for education to guarantee that as many children as possible are properly educated, ready to truly contribute to society.
Reign of the Princes
With Osman's ambitions thoroughly quashed, it is now time for the Big Four to realise the ambitions of their own. The future of the Indian nation will at last be one decided by its own native rulers, those who are clearly the most fit to rule.
The Image of the Rajarshi
The Rajarshis, or Royal Sages, are those amongst the Hindu ruling castes who truly display pure devotion and care for their people, always choosing to enrich the nation over themselves. While of course not directly describing themselves as such, it would be of great benefit to encourage the public to view the Council's leadership as such Rajarshis, nobly leading the nation forward and giving everything they have to benefit the lower castes that they rightfully rule over.
Royal Patronage Fund
It is right for the wealthy to give back to society, and with the princes of the Federation now acting very much in unison it only makes sense for a collective fund been set up to allow each prince to donate towards a common goal. This fund shall be spent upon infrastructure and development throughout the nation, attributed collectively to each prince, ensuring that every Indian recognises the vital role that every prince plays in uplifting the nation.
A Path For Every Village
Many of the small villages throughout the nation are almost entirely isolated from the outside world, with the few connections they have being often little more than dirt paths and decaying roads first lain centuries ago. A perfect use of the new Fund shall be to properly connect these villages to modern road networks, hopefully aiding greatly in their future development.
Redistribute the Presidencies
The former presidencies of the British empire represent nothing more than land stolen from their rightful rulers by foreign invaders. Now that they have been reclaimed, we are left with the issue of what should be done with them. To that end, it has been proposed that they be divided amongst the princes who sided with the Federation, along with loyal minor Zamindars and high ranking soldiers who were vital to our victory.
Undermine the Special Status
Moving against Madras would ultimately bring little gain for the amount of instability it would cause. It would instead be much more efficient to slowly whittle away at their autonomy, until we have effectively completely eroded it, and by then they will have no power to stop us.
Control the Opposition
The Justice Party may have collapsed in the face of the Andhra Mahasabha, but that just makes them even more useful for our purposes. Through government support via unofficial channels, the Justice Party can easily be maed to experience a great resurgence in Madras, and in exchange for such a resurgence they will surely be palatable to the interests of their benefactors.
Partition the Madras Autonomy
It was a mistake to allow the Madras autonomy to be created, a mistake that should be corrected post haste now that the Federation is in a position to do so. To that end Madras itself shall be completely abolished, with its lands being partitioned amongst the neighbouring princes to whom it more rightfully belongs.
Madras Financial Zone
While the Madras Autonomy may be gone and its lands partitioned, the issue of what to do with the actual city of Madras itself is now one we face, due to its immense value. It has therefore been proposed that instead of just being handed off to any of the princes, the city becomes a special administrative district, with a reduced tax rate compared to the rest of the nation, aimed at attracting as much foreign capital as possible to turn it into the Wall Street of Asia.
House of Princely Representatives
The Chamber of Princes may provide the lower ranking members of our great federation a voice, but it does not go anywhere near far enough in providing them an active role in the nation's governance. Therefore, it shall be reorganised into a proper House of Representatives, where legislation shall be first drafted and voted upon, before being presented by the Diwan to the Council for approval.
The New Supreme Council
During the days of the East India Company, the Supreme Council of Bengal acted as India's highest authority, being comprised of four members, with a fifth position being fulfilled by the governor general as head of the Council, although notably lacking a veto power over decisions. Now over a century later, a similar such system has arisen again, ruled now however by native rulers rather than colonial leaders, and through it the true will of the Indian people shall now be expressed.
Iyer's National Government
While Iyer may have been appointed by the Nizam to rule a non-partisan cabinet, with aid from the major parties of the Federation, the Nizam would be mistaken if he believes it will simply act as an extension of his rule. Soon the only person in the land who will truly have all the cards will be the Diwan, and neither the Nizam nor the Council will even realise what has happened.
Extend the Temple Entry Proclamation
Despite oppositions from some haughty elites who object to any level of progress, no matter the scale, the Temple Entry Proclamation by Varma is one of the most popular things any of the Council have done in years. With the Council fully on board with doing so, and the Nizam hardly in a position to object anymore, it should be extended to apply at a federal level, giving the government a much needed boost in popularity.
Finalise Kongunadu Dam Projects
Before the revolution many major hydroelectric projects were started in southern India, most notably the Krishna Raja Sagara dam along the Kaveri. The revolution and monetary issues that followed led to these projects being abandoned, yet now that we are in a much better position it would be trivial to finish them, providing irrigation to the region's farmers and a significant amount of power for the growing urban centres in Mysore.
The Canal Campaign
India is filled with bodies of water, ranging from the smallest mountain stream to the mighty Ganga, yet large sections of the country still suffer from droughts regardless. Such a problem can easily be tackled with a large series of public works, aimed at creating canals and irrigation networks all across the country, which should greatly aid the nation's farmers.
Establish the FACT Plant
Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore, or as many involved in the planning have simply begun to call it, \
Sponsoring Education Institutions
Even with the revolution, many great universities have remained fully operational across the country, although with many lacking in needed funding to further expand, or even just fix the physical damage from years of fighting. Ramping up government funding for these institutions to address these shortcomings shall pay off significantly in the long run, with knowledge being one of the most powerful things we can possess.
Cementing the Diwanship
Iyer's appointment as Diwan over the Mahasabha's candidate can be described in many words, but \
Reforming the Electorates
The hastily thrown together electoral system in the Federation can hardly be described as perfect, with the Madrasi system it is inherited from maintaining many faults engineered by the British to benefit them and their backers. A great effort needs to be made to reform this system, guaranteeing that all those within the nation have their voices heard, without simply being stamped out by the loudest amongst them.
Subverting the Council
The idea of there being a Big Four is something rooted firmly in opposition to Osman, and with his tyranny now reeled further in, their veneer of unity can easily be shattered. With the right words, private conversations, and secret dealings, winning over enough Council members to get anything done shall be a simple task.
Princely Patronage
People rarely act against their own interests, even the most delusional of princes will often change their tune if things begin to work in their favour. With the application of enough grease, even the mighty Nizam can be made to do whatever one wishes, and as someone so familiar with each man on the Council Iyer is in a perfect position to exploit this weakness.
Reshaping the Governorships
As somewhat of a legacy of British rule, a useful legacy at least, the smaller princes of the Federation have found themselves often grouped together into administrative units to more easily handle their needs. These governorships are however still firmly modelled to suit the British administration, but with enough forethought they can easily be reshaped to work much more strongly in the Federal government's favour.
The Sovereign Statesman
While the Nizam and the Big Four both see themselves as having won out in their conflict against the other, the only man who can actually be considered the winner is none other than Iyer, an outcome engineered from the beginning. The Nizam may think he has a useful puppet, and the princes may think they still call the shots, but in the end the only sovereign of the Federation is their \
The Spirit of Andhrodyamam
The voice of the Indian people has at last been heard, and it has cried out for freedom and liberty. They have chosen the Mahasabha to carry out their will, and Diwan Rao will fight as hard as he can to do so.
Elevate the Status of Madras
Madras's lack of representation on the council, despite its great size and significance, is nothing short of a travesty. Calling in enough favours, and with the right words, the Council can hopefully be convinced to elevate Madras to full membership, at last correcting this injustice.
Absorb Congress Remnants
The Indian National Congress was not truly a socialist organisation, it was just swept up in the winds of revolution and misled by some of its most vocal members. There are still countless people who share their values of an independent and free India, a nation that can support itself rather than being reliant upon others, and those people shall be granted a new home as part of the Mahasabha.
Linguistical Reorganisation
While we may be all Indians, we cannot forget that we are still Telegus, Bengalis, Tamils, and so much more. The governorates and the nation's remaining federal states should reflect these internal divides, rather than paint over them like the British did, so that they may flourish as equal aspects of Indian culture rather than be suppressed with Hindi hegemony.
Restrict the Vettichakiri
The Vettichakiri system of forced labour is one of the most barbaric remnants of a bygone era left in the nation, and the doras who enforce it are no better than the worst criminals of the underworld. Its complete abolishment must be pursued as quickly as possible, even if compromises must be struck in the short term with its practitioners.
Prioritise Rural Growth
The rural parts of the nation are truly its heart and soul, for no one is more truly Indian than a humble farmer supporting himself and his family. These people are still however some of the most vulnerable in the nation, easily left behind while major urban areas move ahead with great advancements. We must ensure that this does not happen, and that our rural population benefit equally as much as those in the cities.
Protecting the Rights of Dalits
It is barbaric to consider that because of one's caste, they can not even walk along a road with other people or even wear shoes in the presence of their so called betters. We must introduce a wide range of protections for these Dalits, Adivasi, and all other depressed classes to fight against this discrimination.
Subsidise Indian Business
Even with prior government support, the businesses of the now united nation still trail behind their contemporaries across the globe. This cannot be allowed to happen, and further subsidies should be granted to ensure their eventual rise to the top of the world.
Strengthen the Industrial Centres
Even with damage sustained to them during multiple wars, the industrial centres of the nation like Ahmadabad still are our greatest shot at long term growth. Restoring them not only to their previous heights, but elevating them even further beyond, should be one of the highest priorities of the government.
Fund Local Language Libraries
Almost all those who speak English or Hindi cannot fathom the idea that they could walk into a library, and be unable to comprehend any book on the shelves. For millions across the nation, this has simply been a fact of life, and they have been pressed to learn these imposed languages instead. We shall tolerate this no longer, and help fund the creation of new libraries across the nation in local languages, so that everyone can be afforded the opportunity to read.
Support the Navjeevan Mandali
The Mahila Navjeevan Mandali has for years now been the women's wing of the Mahasabha, and it has helped bring about great improvements in the lives of many of the nation's women. Their efforts are highly commendable, and with the party now in charge of the government their key members should be granted a prominent role in positions aimed at uplifting Indian women.
Controlling the Rivers
The northern reaches of the Deccan are shielded from outside invaders not only by momentous mountains, but the mighty rivers that carve their way through the nation. Securing control of these rivers through frequent naval patrols is vital to ensure that our enemies cannot ford their way past them.
Strikes from the Sky
Building a proper navy is one of the most expensive ventures a state can embark on, a good ship can cost a state millions just to get it operational, not even including the constant operating costs. It is such a shame for these ship builders that a simple airplane, produced for a fraction of the cost, can completely scupper even the greatest battleship with a precise enough attack, and we will take advantage of this to level the playing field.
Found the Federal Marine Force
It seems almost guaranteed that an amphibious fighting force will one day be needed for the [PRF_GetCountryTitle], especially when considering the many islands in the Indian Ocean that fall under our sphere. We should get ahead of the curve, and order the formation of such a force at the earliest opportunity.
Fund Mass Dockyard Expansions
To say the infrastructure for building ships in India is pitiful would be giving things too much credit. There are few facilities in the entire [PRF_GetCountryTitle] able to produce anything resembling a warship, and fixing this must be a top priority if we wish to build a navy of our own.
Conquest of the Beaches
Landing on a coastline is a rather easy task with the right equipment, actually surviving the landing and then even taking advantage of it? That is the hard part. We must ensure that our men are properly trained, with the help of foreign advisors, so that we are not simply throwing them to their deaths the second they step onto the beach.
Ambitious Navy Focus
Critics be damned, even with our limited infrastructure we will build the grandest navy the world has ever seen! Soon no ship will depart anywhere in the Indian Ocean without the Federal Navy allowing it to do so, and anyone who thinks otherwise will be met with the full might of our fleet.
Defend Our Waters
Even if a large navy would be a great source of pride for the nation, we cannot spend millions just to feed our hubris, and have to think logically. The nation will be much better served with a small force that will prioritise the defence of our coastline, and secure our connections to the outside world against any hostile adversary.
Restoring Facilities from the Reclaimed Lands
With the rest of India now fully under our control, we now have a perfect opportunity to further expand our naval infrastructure. Many of the facilities in the reclaimed lands have been damaged by war, but are still filled to the brim with useful tools and equipment, which can easily be restored or repurposed, giving us a great head start on further production.
Commission a Cruiser Fleet
Cruisers sit in the happy middle ground for warships, being sizable vessels that put lowly destroyers to shame, yet nowhere near the cost of mainline battleships or carriers. Ordering the creation of a full fleet of these ships, using modern production techniques, will greatly benefit the Federal Navy.
Divert Funding to the Navy
While we may not have the budget to cover every expense, and fund a massive navy, who says that we must actually cover every expense? There are many things which receive Federal funding that can simply be cut back for a year or so, and these funds can instead be directed towards further battleship production.
Regular Fleet Exercises
Spending so much on a large navy is pointless if the men behind the helm do not even know the basics of operating their vessel. The fleet must be exercised as frequently as possible when not in use, to guarantee that our sailors know every inch of their ship, with punishments for anyone who falls behind our standards.
Furthering Destroyer Technology
Anyone in the modern era who knows how to build a ship could throw together a destroyer for you, and so almost every submarine has been designed with this in mind. If we wish to defend our convoys against this underwater threat, we will need much more modern and specialised vessels capable of handling them.
Furthering Maritime Exports
We cannot pretend that sea trade is not vital to the future of the nation, even if much of the population consider crossing the kala pani a taboo. Those who are willing to set out on sea voyages should be employed in our merchant marine, bringing in as many imports and exports as we can manage.
Improving our Depth Charges
A submarine may be vulnerable when it surfaces, but we cannot guarantee that we will always catch them when they do. Improving the strength of our depth charges, and increasing their sinking speed, should help ensure more destroyed submarines, and a safer world for our convoys.
The Deccan Air School
The Deccan Air School was established in Hyderabad to bring our airforce up to date in the short interwar years. We must continue to invest in our pilots least we be left behind.
Found the Deccan Aeronautics Consortium
We lack any sort of domestic aeronautics manufacturing. To compete with our northern rivals we must bring together business interests into a guided consortium to begin production.
Foreign Air Instructors
Though there are some foreign trained officers in [PRF_GetCountryTitle]'s air force, we will need more foreign instructors in the Deccan Air School if we are to train a whole generation of new pilots. It is time we look to Germany and Japan for expertise.
Forward Air Bases
In the inevitable clash over India's fate, it will be crucial that our airforce has bases close enough to strike the enemy.
Assemble the Air Research Council
It is not enough to bring the [PRF_GetCountryTitle]'s air force up to modern standards. To master the subcontinent we will need to assemble a council of experts to push our airforce into the future.
Joint Officer Exercises
Many of our officers insist the Airforce will play a curcial support role of our ground troops. We should run some joint Army-Airforce exercises to being to develop coorindation.
Establish Air Defences
We are not the only state in the subcontinent that is investing in an Airforce. To prapre for the unfortunate eventuality of bombing raids on our major cities we must develop air defence systems.
Airborn Cannons
To lay siege to the great cities of the north we will need new airborn cannons. Terrifying new bombs have already shown devastating effects.
Flying Huzurat
The elite Huzurat cavalry of the Maratha army once struck terror across the subcontinent. Our pilots shall reclaim their legacy.
Princes of the Air
As our airforce develops, many pilots have shown themselves to be a cut above the rest. Daring exploits, close shaves, these princes of the air have identified themselves as crucial to our war effort. We should encourage and invest in their elevation.
The Deccan Aeronautics Consortium
The Deccan Aeronautics Consortium is a collection of aeronautics concerns which have been assembled to facilitate the construction of the Federal airforce.
Princes of the Air
Through elite guidance [PRF.GetNameDef] has developed the educational, productive, and research capacities of the Federal airforce. The new Princes of the Air shall dominate the skies of the entire subcontinent.
Our Own Sphere
India has liberated itself from under the boot of both Britain and socialism, so why should it seek a new boot to crawl underneath? It is time to instead carve out our own alliance, one fit for a nation such as ours, so destined for greatness!
Join the World Stage
While we may have ambitions to lead a great sphere of our own one day, we must recognise the reality that isolating ourselves from the great powers of the rest of the world would be nothing but sabotage masked as bravado. Instead we should align with one of the great factions of the world that aided us in uniting the subcontinent, at least until we can strike out on our own in the distant future.
Deal with Bhutan
With our control over the India Subcontinent secure, it is time to look to our northern border. New great powers are rising in China, and we must secure our control over the Bhutanese kingdom as a buffer state in the Himalayas. They will act as the shield against Chinese incursions, whether they like it or not.
Deal with Nepal
Nepal expanded into the Indian lowlands in the chaos following the Weltkrieg. It is time to reassert our domain over those territories.
Claim Ceylon
By rights, Ceylon, the Maldives, and the other Indian Ocean islands are part of our nation's rightful territory. Their colonialism must come to an end.
Incorporate Burma
Now that the colonial and socialist threat has been crushed we can look beyond our current borders with the future in mind. While distinct from the rest of India in history and culture, Burma, too was under British rule, and lies within our natural sphere of influence. The time has come to incorporate it into our expanding realm.
Claim Goa
The enclave of Goa is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
Claim Pondicherry
The enclave of Pondicherry is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
The Burmese Territories in Siam
The Siamese Kingdom was one of the more opportunistic of the 'Vulture States' that exploited the disorder of the Raj's demise. With the young Burmese nation hard-pressed by the socialist uprisings in Assam and Bengal, the government of Siam simply occupied several districts and prefectures, including the city of Moulmein - mentioned in Kipling's famous poem. These lands must be returned!
$HND_liberating_the_frontier_tracts$
$HND_liberating_the_frontier_tracts_desc$
$HND_restoring_the_unity_of_kashmir$
$HND_restoring_the_unity_of_kashmir_desc$
Control of the Council
Council of Princes
Power of the Nizam
Disputed Dominance
Partial Princely Control
Significant Princely Control
Complete Princely Dominance
Partial Control by the Nizam
Significant Control by the Nizam
Complete Dominance by the Nizam
When rebellion swept across India, it struck great fear into many of the nation's princes, who believed that the rebels would oust them as they had the British. Viewing the Raj as entirely shattered, they would declare their own independence as the \
GFX_PRF_intro
$RAJ_country_intro_header$
$RAJ_country_intro_content$
$RAJ_country_intro_header_1$
$RAJ_country_intro_content_1$
§MDeclare the Kaisar-i-Hind§! / §MFather of the Federation§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the Balance of power be at §MPartial Control by the Nizam§!, §MSignificant Control by the Nizam§! or §MComplete Dominance of the Nizam§! by January of 1937.\n£white_dot After unifying India you will be able to declare the Federal Empire of India with Osman as Kaiser-i-Hind.\n\n§MFederal Elections§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the Balance of power be at §MDisputed Dominance§! by January of 1937.\n£white_dot In the national elections, appoint Madapati Rao to have the §mAndhra Mahasabha§! take power or appoint Ramaswami Iyer to lead a §aNational Government§! and contain the radicals.\n\n§MReign of the Princes§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the Balance of power be at §MPartial Princely Control§!, §MSignificant Princely Control§! or §MComplete Princely Dominance§! by January of 1937.
An Uneasy Anniversary
With its winter recess nearing its conclusion and the Federation now entering its tenth year, the members of the great Council of Princes have departed once again for Hyderabad for the upcoming session. While these sessions have never exactly been the most cordial, especially in recent years, rumours have begun swirling about what may happen this time round; owing to the growing resentment between the Nizam, the Council's leader, and its other four members. While these princes, who have colloquially become known as the \
Hard to say if the Federation will survive another decade if this keeps up...
Convening of the Council
With the Winter recess now concluded, and the Council's members having safely arrived to Hyderabad, the first few days of this session have so far been surprisingly calm despite the thick tension in the air.\n\nWhile the issues that have been discussed over these first few days have hardly been controversial, the Nizam has not yet taken the opportunity to veto any of them, and discussions have generally been progressing at a steady pace. Throughout Hyderabad it seems many have begun to discount the rumours of the previous weeks, although perhaps it is too early to tell...
Off to a decent enough start, I suppose.
The National Diwan Proposal
In a rather unsurprising turn of events, things within the Council have not remained harmonious for long, and at last a major new dispute has arisen between the Big Four and the Nizam. Almost immediately after the Nizam chose to veto a proposal regarding railway expansion in Calicut, on grounds of the price, a new proposal was suddenly presented. It seems that during the recess time was taken to draft up a plan, spearheaded by Maharaja Chithira Thirunal of Travancore, to resolve the issue of the Nizam's overuse of reserved powers. Under this proposal many of Osman's present powers would find themselves transferred to a national Diwan, who would be chosen from amongst the Council's members via an election held by the Chamber of Princes, an institution inherited from the former British administration of which the minor princes of the federation make up the membership.\n\nWhat followed was perhaps an even less surprising turn of events, with the Nizam immediately interpreting this proposal as a direct attack upon his character, leading to not only his immediately vetoing of the proposal but also the further step of using his powers to temporarily prorogue the Council for the remainder of the session. Not giving time for an argument to break out, Osman immediately vacated the building. According to the current round of rumours, Osman's prorogation has left the Big Four even more outraged, and even Paramasivan Subbarayan, the observer from Madras, is said to have privately expressed his support for the members despite disagreeing with much of their proposal. Whatever happens next, it is clear that this crisis is only the beginning, and that the Council will not make it another year without some kind of radical change.
Surviving another year, let alone a decade, is starting to seem generous at this point.
Shocks of Black Monday Hit the Federation
Despite chaos sweeping across the globe as a result of the German crash, many within the Federation were still confident in the belief that it would not reach as far as India, with these people potentially being wilfully ignorant in hopes of a new crisis arriving just days after the last. Unfortunately for the nation, these hopes have been for naught, and the Federation has too succumb to the aftershocks, owing greatly to German economic interests in both India and their wider Asian sphere.\n\nHowever, in what many are considering a silver lining, it seems that the crisis in the Council may for now have been put on the back bench, as the Nizam has made the extraordinary move of reversing his prorogation of the Council in an attempt to weather the storm. While the Big Four clearly have not discarded their hatred for Osman in the span of a few days, they have at least agreed to put their differences aside and have begun to return to Hyderabad for the reconvening of the session.
Nothing like a good crisis to bring people together.
The Bombay Mills Strike
While everyone has been hit hard by the impacts of Black Monday, few have been hit harder than the poor mill workers in the nation's industrial heart of Bombay. As an expression of their anger at the system, workers at multiple of the mills in Girangaon took part in a walkout, which would soon escalate upon many of these strikers being arrested following an appeal to police by the owners of the mills. Soon after thousands would take to the streets of Bombay in protest, with fights breaking out between the police and protestors, resulting in multiple injuries and significant damage to local property. In the aftermath even more protestors were arrested, most notably Bhalchandra Trimbak Ranadive, a known socialist agitator almost certainly backed by Calcutta.\n\nAlthough this unrest has seemingly been put down for now, there are fears that any small spark in the mood of Bombay could still easily result in a renewed wave of violence. With the arrest of Ranadive however, an opportunity has emerged to attempt to quell the workers somewhat. By placing the blame upon Calcutta's spies, and pardoning those who were simply misled by them, things may begin to cool back down and earn the government much needed favour.
Pardon the strikers, only Calcutta's spies shall face punishment.
These vandals are lucky to have only been arrested!
Andhra Mahasabha Sweep Madras
Even with the multiple crises that have hit the nation, the autonomous region of Madras has not let that stop them from holding elections, and their results have begun to arrive over the past few days, providing results that few by now have been shocked by. The Justice Party, who have ruled Madras since the region's first elections in 1920, have found themselves wiped out in the face of the rise of the Andhra Mahasabha, now the largest party in the Legislative Council.\n\nNear the end of the previous decade, the Mahasabha itself could hardly even be considered a political party, having been primarily formed as a pressure group for the Telugu language. Under the leadership of Madapati Hanumantha Rao they however began attempts to reform into a proper party in order to contest the 1929 and 1933 elections. While they initially saw significant successes in the northern Telugu speaking parts of Madras, they ended up seeing little success elsewhere, especially amongst the primarily Tamil south.\n\nSince 1933 the mood in Madras has rather dramatically shifted, owing in large part to the perceived stagnation of Madras under the Justice Party's rule and their poor localised response to the Black Monday crisis, but more importantly the Mahasabha's much more vocal opposition against supplanting Tamil's usage with any kind of \
Madras enters a new era, hopefully for the better.
The Salt Tax Debate
Although so far there has been mostly universal agreement amongst the Council on policies to tackle the economic crisis, it would be hard to not eventually reach an issue to which the Nizam and the Big Four would end up butting heads on, with today's being the issue of the Salt Tax. Salt has long been taxed in India, but under British rule this taxation reached inordinate levels with many citing its doubling in 1923 as one of the primary inciting forces for the revolution that erupted soon after. When the Federation first came into existence, the Nizam and the Big Four collectively agreed to repeal the 1923 increase, but even still the Salt Tax has remained one of the chief sources of federal income to this day.\n\nWith the ongoing economic crisis however, even the current levels of Salt Tax have slowly become seen as nearly as extortionate as under the British, seemingly made especially worse by socialist agitators from north of the border where such a tax no longer exists. To the Big Four, the lowering of the tax seems like the obvious solution, even if it may result in a significant reduction of income to the Federation.\n\nSuch a proposal has been met with strong opposition from the Nizam, a man whose often notoriously miserly nature would not even see him pay three annas for a dab of ice cream if he thought it wasn't high enough quality. Passing this proposal is not however seen as completely impossible, as the Nizam has often been known to be won around with a suitably moral argument, and so only time will tell if the Princes will be successful with such an approach.
The people cannot continue to suffer, lower the tax.
We cannot afford to give in to the greed of peasants.
State of Maharashtra Proposed
Although southern India may now be free from British rule, it has yet to fully free itself from the administrative scars such rule has left upon it, and many territories still find themselves left in an awkward internal limbo. While the former Madras Presidency may have found itself joining the Federation peacefully as a constituent state, the same did not hold true for the Bombay Presidency whose lack of a strong council led it to quickly being picked apart by local princes. In the south of the presidency, Kolhapur especially made use of the opportunity to greatly enlarge itself, further reinforcing its status on the Council. This all ended upon the Nizam issuing a proclamation that all lands north of Pune would be administered by Hyderabad until a proper agreement could be reached as to its division, owing to skirmishes amongst the princes over the land.\n\nDespite some official adjustments being made in subsequent years, most notably seeing Nasik and the surrounding area being ceded to Baroda to serve as a new capital while Baroda itself remained under socialist occupation, the situation has remained mostly unchanged since the revolution. In an attempt to rectify things however, an idea that has been floating around the Chamber of Princes has at last made its way up to the Council. Under this motion, the remaining lands in Bombay would be combined with those still held by Baroda into the state of Maharashtra led by Sayajirao Gaekwad, with Baroda being handed over to another member of the dynasty if it were to ever be restored.\n\nAlthough this motion is clearly a popular one, and regarded as just compensation for a Council member, Osman has remained reluctant about giving up control over the territory, especially the city of Bombay itself. While inclined to keep it, the Nizam has also considered adopting an alternative proposal suggested by Akbar Hydari to partition the remaining region amongst all of the local princes, with Bombay remaining under Osman's direct control. With the territory being under the Nizam's control, the choice on its future is entirely his to make.
It is only fair for Gaekwad to be compensated.
Bombay shall be partitioned between the local princes.
This land is the Nizam's by right, tighten the grip!
Foundation of the Deccan Football Federation
For half a century or so now football has been played regularly in India, one of the few things imported from Britain that is still held in high regard in the Federation, and supporting its growth is perhaps the only common policy you'll find between the Federation and the Calcutta regime. While the sport has historically been most popular in Bengal, its popularity in Cochin and Travancore cannot be discounted, and since India's fracturing it has spread rather rapidly throughout the rest of the Federation, with a team now even sponsored by Maharaja Wadiyar in Mysore.\n\nOwing to the growing popularity of football within the Federation and an expanding number of teams, there has been talk for the past few years of a merger between the Mysore and Madras Football Associations into one singular entity responsible for governing the sport for the entire country, and as of last week it seems these talks have finally borne fruit. In the coming months the formation of the \
Nothing like a good old game to take your mind off things.
Appointment of a New Chief Justice
With the nation slowly emerging from the ashes of Black Monday, the Council has now fully returned to proper non-emergency sessions, although proceedings are still expectedly tense. Today's disagreement is rather textbook, aside from the Nizam seemingly holding back on the misuse of his powers for once. The previous Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Pazhamaneri Iyer, announced his retirement a few months ago on account of his advanced age. The appointment of a new Chief Justice is generally supposed to be handled by the Council, which has for the past few months been rather distracted. Now that it is finally being addressed, the Big Four and the Nizam remain staunchly divided on who should be his replacement.\n\nThe chosen candidate of the Big Four is Srinivas Varadachariar, a notable judge from Madras and the protégé of Pazhamaneri. Varadachariar is seen as the natural successor for the position, and his neutrality in regards to ongoing Federal politics is seen as a major positive of his selection. The Nizam on the other hand favours Alam Ali Khan for the opposite reasons, with Ali Khan being from Hyderabad itself and someone whose family has had ties to both Osman as well as his father, making it likely that he would side with the Nizam on key issues. Still, Ali Khan isn't a purely nepotistic pick, with his own strong record to boot, and the rest of the Council could still decide to back his candidacy if Osman refuses to budge; although with it being unlikely for him to veto Varadachariar the princes could simply stand their ground and vote him in.
The job will go to Varadachariar.
The Nizam trusts that Ali Khan will rule more fairly.
The Silver Jubilee
Today marks the Nizam's Silver Jubilee, the twenty fifth anniversary of his ascent to the throne following his father's unfortunately early demise. While there have of course been festivities held to celebrate this great milestone, especially with those in Hyderabad itself being granted a day off from work to celebrate, Osman has announced an even greater celebration durbar to be held in February.\n\nThe Nizam's announcement has generally been well received even with recent events, although some have taken note of a seemingly suspicious undertone regarding his claims of \
A good Durbar is always a fantastic time.
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen Denounce the Council
Since its founding during the early days of the Federation, the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen has been one of the loudest voices in support for the Nizam's rule over the nation, breaking with many to back his constant use of vetoes and other such powers. Today, however, they have gone a step further than they ever have before, with their leader Muhammad Bahadur Khan openly calling for the abolishment of the Council of Princes and his support for the Nizam's direct rule over the Federation. He has made clear his belief that the council has done nothing but hold India back, stating that it was the Nizam who saved the south from destruction by the socialist bandits who marched upon it. Khan has further argued that the Federation should further be reformed to protect the interests of Muslims, and that the Federation's laws should be modelled upon Sharia lines, although also giving the reassurance that Hindus would be exempt from certain aspects.\n\nWhile the Nizam is rumoured to privately support Khan's statements, he has quickly faced immense pressure to publicly distance himself from these radical statements, by not only the Big Four but also many of his close advisors. They have made clear to him that even if he does think Khan is right, it would be foolish to not at least placate the other princes through a public statement. They can however do little but hope that the Nizam listens to their reasoning on this matter.
Such divisive radicalism cannot be supported.
He has a point, you know that?
Push to Reform the Chamber of Princes
Originally founded by the British to allow the voices of Indian princes to be heard, the Chamber of Princes has remained rather unchanged in its continued form in the Federation, save for words going to the Council rather than the Viceroy. While on occasion proposals find their way up from the Chamber to the Council, officially introduced by one of the Council members, the Chamber has so far remained little more than a forum for grievances to be heard. Today's proposal, sponsored by Rajaram III, aims to change that, through giving the Chamber an advisory role in the law making process. As part of this, proposals would be first submitted to the Chamber for review before they reach the Council at all, with the princes of the Chamber providing feedback and requesting changes where needed. The proposal would then be returned to the Council member, at which point they could choose to revise it further and resubmit it to the Chamber, or submit it directly to the Council.\n\nAs expected, the Nizam has made quite clear his opposition to the idea, and in spite of his restraint in recent months he has at least signalled that he may simply move to veto the proposal outright as he has done so many times before. So far the only thing that has stopped him acting is the advice of his trusted advisor Akbar Hydari, who has instead proposed to Osman that he back the proposal, arguing that it ultimately gives little power to the Chamber but with his backing he could easily frame it as a major gift to the princes. Such a gift would of course greatly improve the Nizam's standing amongst the lesser members of the Federation, something that may prove useful in the event of him needing allies against the Big Four, while vetoing it may drive people into their hands instead. Whether Osman chooses to listen to this advice is anyone's guess.
Know that the Nizam has granted them these privileges.
These jumped up zamindars will ask for the Nizam's own palaces next at this rate!
Temple Entry Proclamation
While caste permeates all aspects of Hindu life within the Federation, how the law chooses to interact with it has always been a devolved issue for every state to handle in their own way. In the Kingdom of Travancore, under the rule of Senior Maharani and Regent Sethu Lakshmi Bayi, this manifested as a strong opposition by the government when it came to any legal protections for Dalits and a rigid enforcement of the taboo on sea travel. Bayi's rule as regent was however highly controversial, owing to both her authoritarianism and her original disputed appointment by the British, and when Chithira Thirunal came of age he immediately set out to reverse many of her policies.\n\nIt is no surprise then that today, a new proclamation has been given by the Maharaja, promoted to the wider public by his Diwan Chetput Pattabhiraman Ramaswami Iyer. Within this proclamation the young Maharaja has declared that \
The Nizam could use a man like this Iyer...
A Meeting with Iyer
Unable to get the thought out of his head, the Nizam recently issued a private request to Iyer, requesting a meeting with him in Hyderabad. Upon Iyer's arrival, Osman immediately began to lay out the details of his conflict with the Big Four, something that Iyer had already intimately familiarised himself with. Coming prepared, within moments of the Nizam requesting his aid in resolving the conflict Iyer began to present a plan of his own. Making clear that the Big Four will never back down as long as the Nizam's power remains unchecked, Iyer instead suggested that there are ways to place checks upon the Nizam without further empowering the rest of the Council. To do this, his plan suggests that instead of having a member of the Council serve as national Diwan, an elected national assembly should be established from which Osman would appoint a Diwan to carry out most of the Federation's daily operations.\n\nIyer also made clear that while this plan would of course limit the Nizam's power, it would limit the power of his rivals even more so as Osman would still maintain authority over who he chooses to appoint as Diwan, as well as the ability to veto laws passed by the assembly. While the Nizam was not initially convinced of this idea, his ears began to perk up at this explanation. His opinion was further cemented when Iyer explained that he knows for certain from his relationship with Varma that the Big Four will be placated by such a scenario, as it would both in their eyes limit the Nizam and strengthen their own position, as they have begun to privately worry how long the Federation can last without democratisation. While not going as far to immediately commit to the idea as presented, it is clear that the Nizam has been won over by Iyer's arguments, and that he will certainly keep this plan in mind if the time comes.
Iyer's proposal should certainly be considered.
Such a plan hardly seems needed but it shall be kept in mind.
Razvi and the Razakars
Despite the exact details of the Nizam's meeting with Iyer not being shared with a single soul except the two men present, it did not take long for some to correctly guess that the Nizam was seeking aid to resolve the crisis in the Council. One of those who managed to do so is Qasim Razvi, a general in the Federal army as well as leader of the Razakar paramilitaries, a radical group linked to the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen, who trace their origins to defensive militias formed during the revolution. Using his position in the army, he was able to quickly arrange a meeting with the Nizam under the guise of official business, and it is from here that he too began to present his plan on how to resolve the conflict with the Big Four.\n\nIn stark contrast to the tactful and subtle approach championed by Iyer, Razvi once again echoed the calls by Bahadur Khan to dissolve the Council of Princes, and for Osman to assert his rule over the Federation. His arguments stressed his belief that it is the Nizam's right as a great Muslim ruler to be the sole leader of the Federation. In his opinion, continued cooperation with the Hindu princes of the Council will leave the Federation too weak to fend off invasion from the Republic, who will hand all of Hyderabad over to \
If the time comes, the Nizam knows who to call.
Consorting with radicals hardly seems wise...
Rumblings in Hyderabad
Within the next few weeks the Nizam's great Silver Jubilee Durbar is set to begin, overshadowed by the great backdrop of the Nizam's private plotting against the Council.\n\nWhile no one but Osman truly knows what he is plotting, it seems that others have slowly begun to cottoned on to his scheming, and despite the general public being none the wiser, those involved in planning this durbar have slowly come to expect it not to proceed as planned...
It seems that the conflict may finally see its climax.
The Jubilee Coup
Intending to begin the Durbar with a bang, through ordering the Razakars to seize the Big Four and begin his dismantling of the Council, Osman was rather surprised when the armed men who burst into his office had their guns aimed at him rather than the princes accompanying them. Having caught wind of Osman's plan, troops loyal to the Big Four had arrested Razvi and his loyalists almost immediately upon the Nizam issuing the order to them. They then began their march to the King Kothi Palace, bringing things back up to the present.\n\nNot even giving Osman the chance to speak, Sayajirao Gaekwad made clear that they had caught the Nizam in his plotting, and that they would not tolerate his attempted self coup. Informing Osman of Razvi's arrest, and falsely claiming that they had further support from their allies in the Dominion as well as the German Empire if he refused to comply, they began laying out what exactly would happen next.\n\nOsman would soon after be forced to sign into law a revised version of the National Diwan proposal, completely stripping Osman of all his powers within the Federation, although still willing to grant him the symbolic concession of his ceremonial leadership role in order to maintain national stability. He was then informed that instead of announcing the dissolution of the Council at the Durbar, his big announcement would be the implementation of this law and the immediate preparations for an election under it.
Thus ends the ambitions of Osman...
The Jubilee Coup
Having finally been given the opportunity to rid himself of the turbulent princes once and for all, the Nizam last night issued the order to Razvi to seize the Big Four, who were on their way to Hyderabad to take part in the upcoming Durbar. Being brought to Osman in the early hours of the morning under armed guard, the Nizam laid out in simple terms to them that he would be disbanding the Council, and that all four of them would be standing with him in support as he announces it at the upcoming durbar. Such a bold statement prompted immediately angry outbursts from the princes, although a quick punch to Varma's stomach by a Razakar quickly put them into their place.\n\nDemanding to know what will happen to them, even if they surrender to Osman's threats, they were informed that he does not wish to see them come to any further harm, and that they will simply be allowed to continue ruling their own states within the Federation for as long as they submit to Osman's leadership. Making clear that the Razakars would be posted in their states to ensure compliance with these \
The Federation shall no longer be held back by these petulant princes!
The Nizam's Gambit
With many, the Big Four especially, nervous regarding the rumours of plotting by the Nizam, their invitation to meet with Osman in Hyderabad prior to the durbar's commencing left them worried about what it would entail. To their surprise, upon arriving together into Osman's office they were greeted by not only the Nizam, but also representatives from the Andhra Mahasabha, the Justice Party, and even Iyer himself. With all of these people gathered together, Iyer was gestured forward by the Nizam to begin laying out the plans for a democratically elected national Diwan, as a replacement for the concept originally suggested by the Big Four. The shock of such a statement immediately left all of the guests dumbfounded, with no one present knowing how to truly react to both the idea itself and the concept of the Nizam being willing to surrender any of his power this willingly.\n\nRequesting a recess to privately compose their thoughts, the Big Four used this opportunity to discuss the idea presented amongst themselves. While initially believing that this was nothing but a cheap trick by Osman, Iyer's involvement suggested to them that this may indeed be genuine, and although such a proposal would not grant the level of power they were initially aiming for, accepting it would still address most of their immediate concerns with Osman's abuses. Ultimately agreeing upon accepting the proposal, the meeting would soon reconvene, and upon hearing of their acceptance the Nizam directly announced to them his intention to proclaim this change as part of the durbar, and to schedule an election in the weeks after. While everyone but Iyer left the meeting with an uneasy feeling that this compromise was too good to be true, they were at least reassured that for now the conflict had been resolved without violence.
A good compromise leaves everyone room to plot.
The Durbar Proclamation
After the first long day of celebration, the crowds of the great durbar were directed to gather in front of the large stage that had been assembled in the heart of Hyderabad. Soon the Nizam, flanked on both sides by the members of the Big Four, stepped up to the microphone set up on the stage. It was here that he would announce that a revised version of the National Diwan proposal had been both accepted and signed by him, and it would be effectively immediately from its announcement in this speech, with the full text of the law set to be published publicly as soon as possible.\n\nHe further announced that in six weeks time, an election would be held amongst the members of the Chamber of Princes to decide who would be the first National Diwan, declaring that both Wadiyar and Varna have put themselves forward as candidates for the position. His lack of enthusiasm and stilted delivery was quickly noticed, and although many simply brushed it off as a one off incident, Osman's quick departure from the stage upon finishing the speech has left many wondering what truly happened behind closed doors to make him change his mind.
After the first long day of celebration, the crowds of the great durbar were directed to gather in front of the large stage that had been assembled in the heart of Hyderabad. Soon the Nizam, flanked on both sides by the members of the Big Four, stepped up to the microphone set up on the stage. It was here that he would announce that after much deliberation, the Council of Princes would be dissolved, effective immediately, and that at least for the time being the Nizam would rule by himself with the aid of trusted advisors.\n\nShocked gasps from the crowd were quickly drowned out by cheers, seemingly originating from a large group of men dispersed through the crowd, to whom the Big Four had become intimately familiar with a few days ago. Departing from the stage to great shouts of Ya Osman and praises to Allah, the Nizam remained confident that his new reign was now safely cemented for as long as the Federation would endure.
After the first long day of celebration, the crowds of the great durbar were directed to gather in front of the large stage that had been assembled in the heart of Hyderabad. Soon the Nizam, flanked on both sides by the members of the Big Four, stepped up to the microphone set up on the stage. It was here that he would announce that after a meeting with the Council and the Federation's largest political parties, an agreement had been reached to establish a national legislature, based upon the one in Madras, from whom a national Diwan would be selected to serve as the head of government for the Federation.\n\nWith the crowd immediately erupting into great cheers, there was quite a long pause before Osman was able to continue with his speech. After enough time he was able to further declare that the first election would be held in six weeks time, with seat allocations being published within the following days, and already provided to the major parties of the Federation. The five men would afterwards depart from the stage, to another round of cheers from the gathered masses.
Let the reign of the princes commence!
The Federation shall at last remove its shackles.
The nation steps into the modern age.
Electing a National Diwan
With the six week campaigning period now elapsed, and the Maharajas of Travancore and Mysore having called in as many favours as they could, it has now come down to time for the princes of the Chamber to vote for the nation's first National Diwan.\n\nIt is hard to say at this stage who will win, as although Varma's image as a great reformer and moderniser has found him many backers, his young age combined with fears he will just carry out the will of his own Diwan has lent the senior Wadiyar much support instead. Only the final tally will be able to answer this burning question.
The Young Maharaja of Travancore secures victory
Wise Wadiyar wins over his fellow princes
The First Federal Election
With the six week campaigning period now elapsed, election results have slowly begun to trickle in from across the Federation. Although still not finalised, the results so far show a large plurality of seats having been won by the Mahasabha, although many of the remaining seats have been won by independents and minor parties, as well as a small resurgence of the Mahasabha's Justice Party rivals. While these results are generally in line with expectations, what it means for the selection of Diwan is currently not clear.\n\nThe Mahasabha's leader Madapati Hanumantha Rao seems like the obvious candidate, as his party did win the most seats, although their lack of a majority and their radical proposals have made the Nizam reluctant to give them power. Instead the Nizam has seemingly begun to consider the appointment of Iyer to the position instead, with Iyer having resigned as Travancore's Diwan to represent the Kingdom on a national level. If Iyer would be appointed, he would be expected to lead a non-partisan national government made up of multiple parties including the Mahasabha, hopefully keeping the most radical ideas at bay. Still such an action may be regarded as another overreach by the Nizam, and it may be simplest for him to let the radicals burn themselves out dealing with the realities of politics once Rao is appointed.
It is only fair to appoint Rao as Diwan.
Iyer shall be appointed to keep these radicals in check.
Aid arrives from the Dominion
Even with the crisis in the Council now a thing of the past, it is important not to forget about the true enemy in the north. With intelligence in the Dominion beginning to believe that an invasion of both of us could begin within the next few months, they have identified weaknesses in the equipment used by our armed forces.\n\nAlthough they cannot completely solve this problem they have sent a large supply of weaponry to help us prepare for what seems like an inevitable confrontation, sooner than anyone would like.
It certainly seems the hour will soon be at hand...
The Passing of Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV
One of the most powerful (and richest) Hindu rulers of the nation, Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV passed away late last night at his royal palace in Mysore.\n\nHe is succeeded as ruler of Mysore State by his nephew, the portly and artistic Jaya Chamarajendra.
All of [Root.GetNameDef] mourns his passing!
Death of Sayajirao Gaekwad III of Baroda
An imposing and resolute ruler, Sayajirao Gaekwad passed away this morning in his palace in Baroda. Mourned by many, Sayajirao was an independent-minded ruler with little regard for the British or their Raj.\n\nHe is succeeded by his grandson and famous spend-thrift Pratap Singh Gaekwad who is known to share his grandfather's nationalist sentiments.
Fare thee well.
Death of Rajaram III
A representative from the state of Kolhapur has informed the nation this morning of the passing of their great Maharaja, Rajaram III, at the age of only 43. A member of the Big Four and one of the key founders of the Federation, his legacy is one for the ages, a man respected by even his enemies.\n\nWith the Maharaja having only a daughter and no close adult relatives, his nephew Shahaji, the current Maharaja of Dewas Senior, was designated his heir. Having abdicated from Dewas in favour of his son, he now ascends to the throne of Kolhapur as Shahaji II.
Such a young death for a great man.
Dealing with the Enemy's Officers
While many officers who fought for our enemies did so out of ideological convictions or personal loyalty, there are still many amongst them who simply did so out of circumstance. Many of Calcutta's former officers, including most chiefly Kodandera Cariappa, alongside the few natives in Lahore's ranks, have offered to join our armed forces and bring their expertise in exchange for clemency.\n\nSuch an offer is of course tempting, as there's always a need for good experienced men, but pardoning these men, especially those who served the socialists, is hardly a popular move, and so a difficult decision must now be made about their fates.
Accept them into the ranks, they can be forgiven through service.
Let in those from Lahore, but jail Calcutta's goons.
These men are beyond redemption, lock them away forever!
The Fate of the Loyalist Princely States
When Osman rallied the southern princes behind the National Government, not all of India's native royalty rose to support him. A great deal of the northern princely states decided to throw their lot in with the British remnants and willingly acceded to their failed Dominion. While it is easy to recognise that they were simply concerned with saving their own hides, it is hard to view their continued allegiance during the most recent stage of the war as anything but a betrayal.\n\nStill, the princes have played an incredibly vital role in maintaining order in the region, and their complete removal would be too hasty, although demanding their abdication in favour of more tolerable successors is certainly an option. Alternatively, while it may be a tough pill to swallow, it may be more prudent to integrate them as is into the current administration, adding them as members of the Federation and Chamber members. If desired, this could even go as far as allowing Hari Singh of Kashmir a place on the Council, a position he would deserve as a powerful and prestigious ruler, and it would likely go a long way to convincing these loyalists to fully cooperate with the Federation.
When Osman rallied the southern princes behind the National Government, not all of India's native royalty rose to support him. A great deal of the northern princely states decided to throw their lot in with the British remnants and willingly acceded to their failed Dominion. While it is easy to recognise that they were simply concerned with saving their own hides, it is hard to view their continued allegiance during the most recent stage of the war as anything but a betrayal.\n\nIt has therefore been proposed that an example be made of them, by declaring their lands forfeit and seizing them for both Osman and the federal government's use, as after all is the doctrine of lapsation not part of the British rule they so crave? Such a measure is unlikely to win any support however, something the government will desperately need if it wishes to not see a second rebellion, and so it may be more prudent to leave them as is, for they have been so thoroughly neutered with their last defeat already.
Demand the abdication of the most pro-British princes, they cannot be trusted.
They shall be fully integrated, but Singh's not joining the Council.
Fully integrate them and allow Kashmir a seat on the Council.
Let them keep their positions, they pose no threat to us.
If they want British rule so badly, show them a new doctrine of lapsation!
Appointing a Diwan for [PRF.GetNameDef]
While Osman's rule over the nation may be all encompassing, even he can recognise that it is impossible for a single man to manage literally every aspect of running a country as large as India. He of course has his advisors, but having a proper right hand man to ensure his will filters down the ranks to those who will ultimately carry it out is sorely needed. To that end, he has reviewed over the potential candidates, and narrowed his final choice down to two men.\n\nThe first is Akbar Hydari, one of the [PRF_GetOsmanTitle]'s closest advisors, and a man Osman was already considering to appoint as the Diwan for just Hyderabad itself. The second is Mirza Ismail, a candidate who has much weaker ties to the [PRF_GetOsmanTitle] than Hydari, but one who has repeatedly proven his skill, having served most of the nation's major states at one point or another. Both men are equally good picks, and the [PRF_GetOsmanTitle] could easily end up choosing either once he has made up his mind.
Akbar Hydari, the Sadar-i-Azam of Hyderabad, shall head the government.
Mirza Ismail shall enfore Osman's will.
A New Man on the Peacock Throne
Nobody has ever described the Nizam as a \
Ya Osman!
You know, this may be a little bit too pretentious...
[ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Proclamation
The reunification of India, and Osman's role in it, is something that he will likely never let anyone forget. While many expected the Nizam to capitalise on the fame to usurp the imperial mantle back from the British, he has today rebuke those suggestions with a grand proclamation in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Speaking to large crowd, filled with both the natives of the city, and those from all across the Federation who made the journey to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to hear him speak, Osman would declare his commitment to restoring the nation to greatness.\n\nHarkening back to his vital role in the Federation's foundation, and the almost mythicised Battle of the Godavari, he made clear that from the beginning no one has been as committed to the Federation as he has been. Rejecting any claims to the throne, he chose to again reinforce his image as the grand \
Once again, the Nizam has saved the nation!
Triumph of the Razakars
The scenes in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] this morning can be described in many words, but none are more apt than simply \
We should have shot Razvi when we had the chance...
Andhra Mahasabha Announce All-India platform
Despite the nation's reunification, many of the northern territories still find themselves effectively isolated from the rest of the Federation, especially in the political field where the former ruling party of the Indian National Congress has been completely banned, alongside much of its leadership now being dead or imprisoned. Such a situation cannot last, especially as the reclaimed territories are slowly integrated into the National Assembly, and so as part of an outreach effort the Andhra Mahasabha have announced a new grand All-India platform.\n\nAs part of this platform, from this point forward the party has chosen to rebrand itself to the All-India Mahasabha, representing its final transformation from a local pressure group to the modern face of Indian politics. New offices for the Mahasabha will soon be opened up within the northern territories, with an office having already sprung up in Calcutta itself. Additionally, and rather controversially, many of the more moderate members of the INC and those who collaborated with the Calcutta regime have found themselves being welcomed with open arms into the party. While such an action has quickly given rise to pejoratives, describing the party as the Congress Revival Committee, people have generally accepted their actions, believing that this action is needed to truly represent all Indians on a national level.
A New Congress for a new age?
The Fading Torch and the New Flame
Despite their small resurgence during the first Federal Election, a few weeks ago the Justice Party's confirmed to its members that they will not seek to expand operations outside of the Federation's original lands, and will likely prioritise consolidating their remaining powerbase in Madras instead of contesting seats elsewhere. With this all but confirming that the Justice Party will never again rise to being rivals of the Mahasabha, a space has become vacant for a new opposition, and today said opposition has finally been revealed.\n\nIn a conference held in Lucknow, a collection of prominent politicians from not only the former Republic's lands, but also those from the Dominion, announced the formation of the \
A strong opposition is always healthy
Elections in the Liberated Lands
It has roughly been a year since the nation was at last reunified, and great strides have been made to properly reabsorb all of the reclaimed lands, no matter how corrupted they had become from the years under their oppressive regimes. It is through these efforts that elections have finally been able to be held in the reclaimed lands, at last allowing them representation alongside the previously elected officials from the former core of the Federation.\n\nThe results that have arrived in so far have made clear that the current governance will likely not be disrupted, as the AIM have continued to perform well across the board, although they have once again only achieved a plurality of seats rather than extending their position to a full majority. As expected the BDA have also done rather well for themselves, although perhaps not the monumental heights that many were expecting, with many seats they chose to contest instead being won by independents.\n\nA rather notable set of results however have been those from Bengal, where it seems the grip of socialism has not yet been properly rooted out. Two parties, both claiming succession from the INC, have won an alarming number of seats in the region, and although they have expressed their allegiance to the Federation, few trust their words. By and large however, the election has generally gone off without a hitch, potentially signalling that India's worst years are now firmly behind it.
Ensure these new radicals are properly monitored, just to be safe
The Man from Madras
Madras's inclusion in the Federation, alongside the special status it was granted owing to its republican nature, was always a controversial choice. As part of the compromise that even allowed it to happen in the first place, Madras was not granted an equal place on the Council that its size and power would naturally entail, instead the local government was only allowed to send an observer to advocate for the state but not vote in its favour. Today however, this has at last changed, with the Council finally agreeing to elevate Madras to full membership, granting it equal rights to everyone except Osman.\n\nQuite a few favours had to be called in by the Diwan in order to secure this radical change to the status quo, with the Big Four especially being reluctant to consider empowering someone who is not one of their own, although with enough promises they were won over in the end. The Nizam on the other hand was won over rather easily, as to him further breaking up the Big Four's traditional power block could only improve the situation for him, although he is under no illusions that the representative chosen will likely not see eye to eye with him on most issues.\n\nAs for the man chosen to be Madras's first full representative on the Council, it should come as no surprise that their local government has once again recommended Subbarayan. Having served in the previous role for quite a few years now, especially during the crisis in the Council, and being regarded as a neutral candidate not likely to be swept up into party politics, his reappointment was practically routine. Now sitting as a full member, it is through him that the common people's voices will at last have a place on the great Council of the realm, allowing the nation to take another step forward into modernity.
Hopefully Subbarayan can keep both sides in check.
The Andhra Pradesh Problem
Ever since the AIM were just the Andhra Mahasabha, uniting the Telegu people under one state within the federation has been arguably their primary goal. Even now in power, such a goal has been difficult to achieve, as the Telegu homelands are currently split between Madras and the Nizam's personal domain. The recent move to elevate Madras to a full council member has however won over their support in this issue, with their tentative agreement to hand over Andhra to be part of a future Telegu state. As with many things however, the final roadblock has once again come down to convincing the Nizam.\n\nWhile the Nizam may have lost a significant amount of his powers to the Diwan, as the head of state for one of the Federation's members he still retains complete authority over his state, and there is no option but to get his approval for any changes to it. One potential idea to get around this would be to annex Andhra into Hyderabad, with the Telegu territories within Hyderabad becoming an autonomy with Telegu as their official language. Such an expansion of Hyderabad would almost certainly be blocked by the other members of the Council however, who it would still have to go through.\n\nAs an attempted compromise, a different plan has been presented to merge Andhra into Hyderabad, while splitting off Berar and the other non-Telegu speaking parts of Hyderabad as a new state, headed by his son Moazzam Jah or another relative of the Nizam. This plan seems to be on much more solid ground, as private discussions with the other members of the Council has confirmed that they won't oppose it, even if some don't like the idea in general. The final decision however is of course down to the Nizam, and until the plan is presented to him it is impossible to know whether he will accept giving up land in this way.
After some consideration, Osman agrees to the proposal.
The Nizam refuses to give into such an extreme demand
\
For years now the complete abolishment of the Vettichakiri system of forced labour has been one of the AIM's primary goals, second only to their fervent advocacy for the Telegu language. Such practice has been present in southern India for centuries, carried out by the doras serving zamindars and princes, with the rule of those upholding the Vettichakiri system being notoriously harsh. While the more progressively minded princes, and even those on the conservative side, have so far been convinced to abolishing the practice, seeing the economic benefits of abandoning such a feudal system, the Nizam is anything but \
The Dora will be reined in, nothing more.
How dare Rao make such an absurd demand!
Whispers of Treason
To say that the Nizam is unpopular in the Federation at the moment would be like saying that the Russians were somewhat perturbed by Brest-Litovsk. His repeated vetoes of core government policy, a government backed and elected by most of the nation's voters, has seen his carefully promoted image as the nation's saviour eroded away faster than land around the Teesta.\n\nAs a result of this growing unpopularity, socialist remnants have reorganised themselves around the rump Communist Party of India, creating a sizable force aimed at toppling the Nizam and bringing in the reforms he has spent so much time blocking. While normally this group wouldn't have much sway, and would simply just be crushed along with other dissidents, rumours have begun to spread of cooperation between the AIM and these rebels over their mutual anger against the Nizam.\n\nWith fears that Rao himself may soon throw his lot behind this potential insurgency, Razvi and his Razakars have offered to attempt to arrest Rao and eliminate these socialists, as soon as the order is given. Whether the Nizam wishes to go that far is still up in the air...
Rao should have never been trusted, order his arrest!
Taking action will only provoke things further, stay out of it.
The Deccan Rebellion
While Rao may have privately expressed his anger at the Nizam's overreach, until news was leaked to him of his ordered arrest he had not even begun to consider insurrection. Almost immediately however, the Nizam's actions drove him directly into the arms of the rebels, with mutual contacts between the AIM and the CPI quickly instigating a rebellion with the backing of the government. With Osman's now abysmal popularity, few were willing to come to his aid, with much of the army siding with the government against him. The Razakars themselves were quickly shattered, although Razvi himself has yet to be accounted for.\n\nSeeing the writing on the wall, the Nizam and his family have reported fled via plane, although no one seems to yet know or agree exactly where. Meanwhile at home, Rao and his new allies were quick to seize upon this momentum to declare a republic, with Rao being sworn in as president and CPI leader P. Krishna Pillai as the new Diwan. The Council of Princes itself has also been dissolved, although negotiations between the Princes and the government have allowed the continued existence of their states as federal constituents, although with somewhat reduced authority than before.\n\nWhile things may have seemingly quickly stabilised with the fall of the Nizam, few can really say what the future holds for the new republic, and many of the princes still fear that their days are numbered if the communists gain enough leverage. For now though, most people are simply happy to be rid of the tyrant, rather than be distracted by future worries.
The tyranny of Osman has been brought to an end!
Final Destruction of the Raj
With a grand proclamation issued by the Council, rubber stamped by the Nizam, every remaining territory within the Federation, barring Madras of course, is now once again in the hands of an Indian ruler. Whether it is the districts liberated from the socialists or the provinces absorbed from the Dominion, it has now been properly divided and given to their rightful owners. Even in Delhi, the great House of Babur have been restored to the throne, as recognition of the Mughal house's role in the original war of independence that unfortunately led to their ousting by Britain.\n\nAlmost immediately, the Council has moved to celebrate this day as a public holiday, honouring what they describe as the \
A return to the natural order of things.
The Sundering of Madras
Allying with Madras was always controversial, with many wishing to see this failed remnant of British rule destroyed and replaced, rather than embraced as though it were an equal. It was however always seen as a necessary evil as long as the socialists were an active threat, much akin to the alliance that was similarly struck with the British Dominion. As too was the alliance with the Dominion discarded once the socialists were routed, so too must the alliance be with their Tamil scion.\n\nA new proclamation has been issued by the Council this morning to at last address this loose end. Arguing that their actions are necessary to finalise the nation's independence from Britain, the Council have ordered the Madras autonomy to be dissolved, with its lands set to be partitioned between the princes. The sole exception to this partition for now is the city of Madras itself for which a decision has not been made as to who shall receive it. Protests in Madras to this action have been quickly put down with Federal troops, and although the Madrasi government has strongly objected to this action, none have yet been brave enough to turn their words into actions.
The error has at last been corrected.
First Session of the House of Princes
Following the passing of an act of Council, rubber stamped by Osman as is now the norm, what was once the Chamber of Princes has now been fully reformed into a proper legislative assembly. The new House of Princes was today inaugurated by the Diwan himself, with Osman sitting instead on the sidelines as it occurred. Being the first ever session, things of course began with a rather rocky start, as many of the princes were still struggling to understand what exactly the new situation would mean for them. Still, even if they did not yet truly understand it, the general mood in the House was rather positive, with many of the older members being happy to at last be part of an Indian nation that truly respects their role, unlike the bygone days of British rule.
Hear, Hear!
Princely India Wants to Join [Root.GetFactionName]
The national government in Hyderabad has recently united the successor states of the subcontinent.The new Indian government has expressed its desire to join our alliance and help furthering the awakening of the people's of Asia.\n\n What is the opinion of the Imperial cabinet?
The national government in Hyderabad has recently united the successor states of the subcontinent. The new Indian government has expressed its desire to join the Reichspakt System and continue to fight Syndicalism in Asia.\n\nHowever, it is expected that the Indians will demand concessions regarding our colonies in the sub-continent.
The national government in Hyderabad has recently united the successor states of the subcontinent. The new Indian government has expressed its desire to join our alliance to further stability and national harmony throughout Eurasia.\n\nWith such an alliance, the sepoy and Cossack will surely dominate the continent!
Of course we welcome their alliance!
No, I think not.
Princely India Joins [From.GetFactionName]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] accepted our offer to secure Asia for nations of Asia and allowed us to join [From.GetFactionName]!
The Germans are happy to see us joining the common cause to destroy the evil Syndicalists. Now we are part of [From.GetFactionName]!
The Russians accepted our offer! Today a new global alliance has been born that will shape fate of the world!
Excellent!
What path does PRF go down?
This will tell the AI what to do
Osman
Princes
Dems
India
Indian
India
Princely Federation
Princely
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
Princely
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
Princely
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
Princely
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
Princely
the Princely Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
India
Indian
India
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
Indian Federation
the Indian Federation
India
Indian
India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Indian Empire
the Federal Empire of India
Princely India
Princely
Princely India
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely Federation
the Princely Federation
Princely India
Princely
Princely India
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Deccan Federation
Deccan
the Deccan Federation
Empire
Federation
South Asian Association
Osman Ali Khan I
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1886, in Purani Haveli, Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the richest men in the world and sometimes known by his regnal name Asaf Jah VII, Osman Ali Khan is one of the most powerful men in the entire Indian subcontinent. A polyglot in four different languages due to his prestigious childhood education, his and Ganga Singh's private tutor were one in the same, later enrolling in the same college as his counterpart while fated for a radically different future. He was coronated as Nizam on the 18th of September, inheriting Hyderabad's expansive diamond mines.\n\nWhile he greatly financially contributed to British efforts in the Weltkrieg, even earning the title \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1886, in Purani Haveli, Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the richest men in the world and sometimes known by his regnal name Asaf Jah VII, Osman Ali Khan is one of the most powerful men in the entire Indian subcontinent. A polyglot in four different languages due to his prestigious childhood education, his and Ganga Singh's private tutor were one in the same, later enrolling in the same college as his counterpart while fated for a radically different future. He was coronated as Nizam on the 18th of September, inheriting Hyderabad's expansive diamond mines.\n\nWhile he greatly financially contributed to British efforts in the Weltkrieg, even earning the title \
Emperor
Nizam
Council of Princes
§YFounded:§! §L1925, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, Princely Federation§!
Rajaram III of Kolhapur
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1897, in Lakshmi Vilas Palace, Kolhapur, Kolhapur State, India§!
Krushna Chandra Gajapati
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1892, in Paralakhemundi, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Akbar Hydari
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1869, in Bombay, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Mirza Muhammad Ismail
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1883, in Bangalore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Nawab Fazal Nawaz Jung Bahadur
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!
Chetput Pattabhiraman Ramaswami Iyer
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1879, in Wandiwash, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1896, in Nate, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Umaid Singh
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1903, in Mehrangarh Fort, Jodhpur State, Rajputana Agency, India§!
Harilal Jekisundas Kania
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1890, in Navsari, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
T.G. Sanjeevi Pillai
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in the Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Albion Rajkumar Banerjee
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1871, in Bristol, England§!
Mokshagundam Visvesvaraya
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1861, in Muddenahalli, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Kishen Pershad
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1864, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!
Khan Chhatari
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1888, in Chhatari, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
D.N. Mukerji
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1903, in India§!
Nathu Singh Rathore
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1900, in Gumanpura, Dungarpur State, Rajputana Agency, India§!
Yashwantrao Martandrao Mukne
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1917, in Jawhar, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Jagdish Chandra Varma
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1918, in India§!
Abdul Naeem Aziz
§YBorn:§! §Lin India§!
Syed Abbas Hussain
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1912, in India§!
Kaisar-i-Hind
§ONational Diwan§!
Council of Princes
§Y[ROOT.GetLeader]§!
Council Leader
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfMysoreShort]§!
K. R. Wadiyar IV
J. R. Wadiyar V
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfMysore]§!
Maharaja of\nMysore
§Y[PRF_GetMadrasNameShort]§!
P. Subbarayan
§Y$MDR_paramasiva_subbarayan$§!
[PRF_GetMadrasStatus]
Representative of\nMadras
Madras\n(Observer)
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfBarodaShort]§!
S. Gaekwad III
P. S. R. Gaekwad
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfBaroda]§!
[PRF_GetMaharajaOfBarodaTitle]
Maharaja of\nBaroda
Maharaja of\nMaharashtra
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfKashmir]§!
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfKashmir]§!
[PRF_GetMaharajaOfKashmirTrait]
Maharaja of\nKashmir
§YC. T. B. Varma§!
§Y$TRV_chithira_thirunal_balarama_varma$§!
Maharaja of\nTravancore
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfKolhapurShort]§!
Rajaram III
Shahaji II
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfKolhapur]§!
Maharaja of\nKolhapur
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfGwalior]§!
§Y[PRF_GetMaharajaOfGwalior]§!
Jiwajirao Scindia
[PRF_GetMaharajaOfGwaliorTrait]
Maharaja of\nGwalior
