Unrest in Haute-Savoie
You can now demand Haute-Savoie
The 5 Year Anniversary of the 1932 Geneva Strike
5 years ago today the workers of Geneva began a major industrial action, demanding social and economic reforms, which threatened to spread to the rest of French-speaking western Switzerland (known as the Romandie).\n\n Fearful of potential revolutionary influence by the Commune of France, the central government in Bern reacted swiftly by sending in the Federal Army to break the strike. In the ensuing violence 13 were killed and over 100 injured in Geneva. This has left a bitter divide between the Romandie and Bern which over the subsequent years has failed to heal.\n\nEncouraged by recent developments in France the radical left has begun to agitate once more and is planning on standing Socialist candidates in the upcoming local elections. However the social democrats, traditionally very strong in the Romandie have devised a reform package in conjunction with the trade unions, the \
An unfortunate development.
An interesting development.
Socialist Election Victory in Romandie
Backed by the conservative federal government and the majority of the German-speaking cantons, the Swiss employer's organisations have refused to sign the so-called \
Damn those Socialists!
Pro-Syndicalist Victory in the Romandie
Thanks to the ill-advised measures taken by Swiss authorities to put an end to their unions' demands for better wages and legal protection of labour rights, and their public display of violence against our people in Haute-Savoie, we have enough political capital to begin efforts to support Syndicalist movements in the nation and attempt to retake Haute-Savoie.\n\nThis is a great opportunity for the Commune to forge stronger ties with these Syndicalist agitators, and pro-French Syndicalists could assist us in our goal of recovering Haute-Savoie. However the pro-German and pro-Austrian conservatives will probably try to topple these worker's elected representatives by all means available including brute force...
Try to gain influence over the newly elected Socialists!
It is too risky...
Syndicalist Subversion at Work in Romandie!
While the newly elected Socialist governments in Romandie have stepped into office, Federal intelligence services are reporting that French agents have crossed the border to advise the Romand leftists whilst a partial mobilisation of French border units near Geneva is also said to be under way.\n\nThe situation is getting too dangerous and a move to force the Socialist governments to step down and have new elections in the Romandie seems inevitable, even if it means temporary military occupation of the Romandie by the Federal army. But with the violence in Haute-Savoie agitating the French, the risk of triggering an armed response is high, though, and we cannot be sure of the Reichspakt's support...
Disband local governments in French speaking cantons!
We must respect the constitution...
Unrest in Romandie!
The Federal Council, backed up by local French-speaking conservatives, has ordered \
Damn those traitors!
Geneva and the Swiss French
The bourgeois Swiss government has shown its true face and has toppled the democratically elected Socialist councils in Geneva, Lausanne and other French-speaking cantons! As if that were not enough, now too they beat and bloody Frenchmen on our own soil in Savoie! Our agents have reported numerous atrocities against armed workers and civilians as the Swiss Federal Army has implemented martial law. Despite their best efforts, some French-speaking syndicalist sympathisers have evaded the Federal Army and found a safe haven in our country.\n\nThey have just set up a Syndicalist Swiss-French government-in-exile and call for the restoration of properly elected officials and the prosecution of the current federal government. Since none of the reactionary Powers seem to be willing to come to Switzerland's rescue, this is a one-time opportunity to send an ultimatum to Bern and both empower Syndicalist movements in our neighbour and see the return of our rightful territory.
Demand Haute-Savoie from the Swiss!
We would like to stay on decent terms with the Swiss.
Dissent in the Romandie Province and the French Ultimatum
The French have demanded the return of the province of Haute-Savoie. They have fabricated claims of White Terror perpetuated by the Swiss Federation and Syndicalist leaders across Switzerland are getting involved.\n\nWe can not guarantee that we will have German support if we stand up to these Syndicalist bastards.
Accept the French Claims.
We must look for protection!
The Commune of France threatens Switzerland!
The Commune of France, in its mad quest for power, is demanding the province of Haute-Savoie from Switzerland. This latest diplomatic crisis threatens to disrupt the balance of power in favour of the Internationale.\n\nShall we threaten the French with war or will Switzerland stand alone?
Warn them to turn back or face German arms!
We can not involve ourselves in this!
The German Empire has abandoned us!
Our attempt to protect our independence and territorial integrity against the outrageous French claims with German mediation ended in failure.\n\nWe are now forced to find an alternative solution to this crisis.
Damn them!
The Germans send an ultimatum!
The German Empire has sent an ultimatum to Paris.\n\nWe are to cease our diplomatic and undercover activities aimed against the territorial integrity of Switzerland or face the might of the German army.
We can not risk war with Germany. For now.
Ignore these feeble German threats!
The Commune of France Backs Down!
After our diplomatic message was received by Paris they quickly ceased all diplomatic and undercover activities aimed against the territorial integrity of Switzerland.\n\nWe have achieved a diplomatic victory today, we have shown the world we will stand up to Socialist and Syndicalist aggression and we will protect any nation under threat from these revolutionaries!
Diplomacy has achieved peace once again!
The French Ignore our Ultimatum
The French have ignored our diplomatic efforts to maintain the peace in Europe and are continuing their destabilisation efforts against Switzerland.\n\nThe French have made their intentions clear, we cannot let the Swiss people stand alone!
They have made their choice. War it is!
Commune of France abandons its claims!
After our diplomatic message was received by Paris they quickly ceased all their diplomatic and undercover activities against us.\n\nSwiss independence and territorial integrity will be kept, as well as our national pride.
We couldn't have done it without our ally!
The Swiss Federation Accepts
We have demanded the Haute-Savoie province to defend our people and the Swiss have accepted.
Good!
Press them for greater concessions.
The Swiss cave in
With the humiliation of Switzerland we must now be more prepared than ever to war with France and her allies!
We will be ready!
The Savoyard War
The Commune of France and the Swiss Federation have declined all other options and the war has begun.\n\nWhile the Swiss have not asked for our help, this would give us an opportunity to reunite the Italian Peninsula!
France must be stopped here and now!
The Italian Federation declares its neutrality.
The Savoyard War
France has gone to war with the neutral Swiss Federation over the Haute-Savoie Province, a province with a majority of Swiss French. France has used fabricated stories of 'White Terror' in Annecy and Romandie as a pretext for their invasion.\n\nNow we must decide if Switzerland is a lost cause or if we are going to intervene on behalf of the Federation.
We must preserve Switzerland's autonomy!
We're not yet ready.
French-speaking Socialists call for Union with France
The uneasy truce observed between the Federal government and the Socialist-controlled local councils in French-speaking cantons has come to an end. After several clashes between German-speaking soldiers in training and Geneva policemen, the Romand socialist leaders, pressed by the worker's militias, have proclaimed secession from Switzerland and the constitution of a so-called \
Damn those traitors!
Socialists are trying to take control over Romandie!
Despite the repression conducted by Federal Army troops and loyal Romands, Socialist militias, reportedly using French-made heavy weapons and equipment, are on the offensive in almost all of the Romandie and Haute-Savoie. Main lines of communication with the rest of Switzerland may fall under secessionist control, as well as most of the region's infrastructure.\n\nGeneva's State Council is besieged by pro-French militias and exiled Socialists are said to have returned from France to form a new and unified Socialist government. It also seems that the Federal Army has no control over the Swiss-French border anymore.
Romandie has been taken by socialists!
Their feeble attempts were crushed by the army!
The revolutionaries continue east!
Annexation of Romandie!
The brave workers and peasants of the French-speaking Swiss cantons have won their fight against the reactionary forces of the Bern government! At the unanimous request of the newly establish Communes of Geneva and Romandie, the Comité de Salut Public has proclaimed their union with the Commune of France.\n\nWhile the local militias are being integrated in the Communal Army, French motorised units, supported by air forces, are heading towards the new border to prevent any retaliatory offensive from a revanchist Swiss government, and the government has retaken control of the Haute-Savoie region.
Glory to the workers of the Romandie!
Commune of France have occupied the Romandie!
The treacherous Socialist rebels in the Romandie and Haute-Savoie, who had been on the verge of being wiped out by our brave soldiers, have called the Commune of France for protection! Last night French troops supported by tanks and bombers entered Swiss territory up to Fribourg, while elite French mountain troops have stormed our defensive positions in the Alps and in the Jura Mountains.\n\nFrench state broadcasters have announced that the Romandie has been annexed to the Commune of France, all the while routed soldiers and refugees are arriving in Bern in the thousands. Our ambassador in Paris has been warned that any attempt to resist the Armée de la Commune would lead to massive bombings of Zurich, Basel and Bern and the total annihilation of Swiss military capacities.
There is nothing we can do...
We must reclaims our stolen territories with war!
White terror in Switzerland
The Swiss Federal Army and its repugnant reactionary volunteer auxiliaries have defeated the heroic defenders of Socialist revolution in the Romandie and Haute-Savoie. As thousands stream across the border to seek asylum in France, French-speaking militiamen are executed after mock trials, while right-wing activists and bourgeois hunt down Socialists, Anarchists and Syndicalists, loot their homes and take gruesome revenge on their families. Such atrocities, reported by our state broadcasters, are causing an uproar in France and every true Syndicalist is now ready to free not only Savoie but even the Romands from the clutches of Switzerland's bloodthirsty rulers.\n\nAs our aircraft are ready to take off and strike against Swiss territory and our troops are concentrating near the border, the Comité de Salut Public has informed Bern that should Haute-Savoie not be evacuated by the Swiss Federal Army and its control transferred to Communal authorities, and Romand political leaders reinstated to their positions, war would be inevitable.
Ready the troops!
German Empire plan manoeuvres in Alsace-Lorraine
Our agents in Berlin and Strasbourg have informed us that an unprecedented concentration of German troops is planned in Alsace and Lorraine under the guise of 'military exercise'. Such an aggressive move from the German autocracy, at a time when Lorrains are desperately fighting for their freedom, is nothing more that a desperate attempt to test our resolution.\n\nHowever, such a plan is bound to backfire: to prevent further German provocations, partial mobilisation of the Communal army divisions in eastern regions has been ordered and a show of force may be performed in Franche-Comté, near the Alsatian border, where newly-created armoured regiments are to exercise in combined operations with infantry divisions and air support.
Announce our own manoeuvres in Franche-Comte!
We do not want to provoke Germany...
Manoeuvres in Elsaß-Lothringen
It now seems that the Lorraine crisis can not be resolved unless the French are humbled once again, and the time has come for Germany again to show its force. In this regard, at the request of the Kaiser, his grandson and future Kronprinz Prince Wilhelm von Preußen will attend the military exercise organised in Alsace-Lorraine under the name \
A true show of power!
Manoeuvres in Franche-Comte
German sabre-rattling and an ever worsening situation in Lorraine have convinced the Comité de Salut Public to give in to the General Staff's request for a wide-scale military exercise at the border that will prove the uncompromising resolution of the Commune to both friends and foes! The high-ranking officers have decided in favour of a major combined arms exercise in northern Franche-Comté, which will be named \
Shelling of Avricourt
At 6 AM this morning, a so-called \
Demand an official apology!
Just tragic accident...
Shelling of Elfringen
The bloodthirsty French have thrown their mask away and are revealing their intention to attack Elsaß-Lothringen! At 0630, a platoon of French tanks crossed the border east of Metz and opened fire against one of our border outposts near Elfringen.\n\nThe local patrol courageously fought back and drove off the invaders, but over a dozen had been killed or wounded by the end of the incident. Prince Wilhelm, who was present in the region, has been called back to Berlin and is to report the situation to the Kaiser as soon as possible, while the Cabinet is now evaluating the crisis and is discussing the best option to answer this odious crime.
Shelling of Avricourt
An unfortunate incident has just occurred during a military exercise in progress in Elsaß-Lothingen. Two of our new long-range artillery batteries, manned by young recruits, have mistakenly shelled a small French village by the name of Avricourt due to poor fire range evaluation. According to the Red French broadcast, several locals would have been killed by this accidental shelling.\n\nMilitary police is currently interrogating the officer and NCO's in charge, but the French, shamelessly taking advantage of the situation, have issued an inflammatory statement demanding official apologies from the Kaiser and Cabinet and threatening Germany of \
Send formal apology!
This is an outrage! Ready the troops!
Shelling of Elfringen
A regrettable episode has just taken place at the German border during one of our combined military exercises currently organised around Sarrebourg. A tank platoon, misguided by faulty map directions, apparently drove a little too close to the border. The crew, however, insisted that they were still on the French side when the trigger-happy German border-guards open fired on them. Regardless, a firefight broke out near a small Lorraine village named Elfringen and there were casualties on both sides.\n\nMilitary intelligence officers have been immediately sent on the spot to investigate and the commanding lieutenant has been put under preventative arrest. However, the warmongering Germans are outrageously taking advantage of this incident. The Comité de Salut Public has just received an insulting ultimatum from Berlin, demanding an official apology and the ending of our military exercise with the threat of \
German apology for Avricourt incident
Germany has been impressed by our uncompromising stance and has admitted its responsibility in the infamous Avricourt massacre! After our ambassador in the Hague has informally met a plenipotentiary sent by the Chancellor, Berlin has issued a formal apology statement from the Kaiser and has withdrawn some troops from Lorraine, which our recon forces have confirmed. Our Foreign minister, as well as our allies from the Internationale, have asked the Comité de Salut Public to accept this apology.\n\nHowever, such a decision would certainly disappoint a now revengeful and bellicist French public opinion; more importantly, during an extremely tense secret meeting with the CSP, the General Staff has warned that, should the German apology be accepted without further compensations, the Army would not yield to the civil power's decisions without internal dissent and attempts to mutiny.
Accept their apologies.
Apologies are not enough! Demand compensation!
The German Empire mobilise!
As expected from the imperialists, Germany has not only refused to apologise for its crimes, but has called for general mobilisation! Active and Landwehr divisions are gathering between Wallonia and Switzerland, while our fighters have been engaged in an isolated dogfight with German planes above Sedan and sporadic gunfire exchanges are reported all along the Lorraine border.\n\nWar seems now imminent: however, moderate members of the Bourse Générale du Travail are worrying about our level of operational preparedness and have declared that they would vote in favour of a temporary retreat, in order to wait for new tank and bomber models that should be delivered in a few months now. On the other hand, top ranking military officers consider that war is unavoidable and stress the fact that victory can be achieved now with a swift offensive against the heart of the Reich, before Germany can fully use its industrial power.
Pull back and end this confrontation.
Rally the troops!
French apology for Elfringen incident
After our Ambassador in Mexico had been informed by the French diplomatic mission that our ultimatum would be answered very soon, the Communards have formally apologised for their shameful act of war in Elfringen and have withdrawn their troops from Nancy.\n\nThe Cabinet now wants to give priority to the Lorraine crisis and would be reportedly ready to accept this apology as long as the French military exercise is immediately cancelled, but is wary of the public opinion's reaction; the crown prince has incidentally expressed his wish to \
The Commune of France mobilise!
It is now obvious that the Commune has planned to go at war with Germany, the so-called \
Commune of France demands compensation
Unsatisfied by our sincere apology after the Avricourt incident, the Commune, whose best divisions are now concentrating at our border, now pretends that the bombing of Avricourt, being a deliberate aggression in time of peace, must be compensated by Germany, and demands financial reparations to cover material as well as moral damage suffered by the victims and French public infrastructures.\n\nThe German people will not accept to give in to such endless and baseless claims; however, the military situation is deteriorating fast as French commando units have successfully crossed the border in at least four occasions, even if for a short time, and have made contact with French-speaking militants in Lorraine; so it might be wiser to agree to pay these reparations and ease the tension with the Commune.
We have no choice but to comply.
Refuse!
Commune of France offers cease-fire
As gunfire exchanges and dogfights are increasingly frequent, diplomatic overtures have been made by the French to discuss a negotiated ending to the Lorraine crisis. Paris claims to be ready to demobilise its troops, save for the border guard units, and will end all support to French-speaking paramilitary formations in Lorraine in exchange of German demobilisation and retreat from the French border.\n\nAccepting this offer will give us the opportunity to restore order in Lorraine, and the crisis will end with a diplomatic victory for the Reich!
Accept their proposal.
German Empire demands compensation
Despite our goodwill gesture, Germany now claims that the so-called \
German Empire offers cease-fire
Our air harassment and infiltration tactics have bore fruit and the German government has informed the chairman of the Comité de Salut Public that it was ready to negotiate a cease-fire, with full retreat of all German troops from the border, demobilisation of Landwehr divisions and a political resolution of the crisis in Lorraine.\n\nThis is an obvious victory for the Commune since the aggressive imperialists have been forced to kneel down before the workers and peasants' unstoppable might. But we should also be wary of a ruse de guerre from the treacherous Generalstab and strike before Germany does...
German compensation for Avricourt incident
Germany has finally given in to our legitimate claims and will pay 10 million Marks as compensation for the shelling of Avricourt. The German government will also provide us with raw materials including coal and iron ore as well as machines for reconstruction purposes.\n\nSince this decision leaves the Reich humiliated and Syndicalism avenged and triumphant, we do not have any reason anymore to keep military pressure at the border; the Chief of Staff has announced that the number of troops deployed at the German border would be back to normal as soon as German divisions have been brought back from Alsace and Lorraine from their previous positions.
Good.
The German Empire has refused to compensate us!
German greed has been, once again, stronger than wisdom! The German Chancellor, in a radio broadcast, has announced that his government would refuse to pay \
We are not ready to confront [GER.GetNameDef].
We must rally for war!
French compensation for Elfringen incident
Reason, for once, seems to have prevailed in Paris. The Commune has informed the Chancellor that our reparations claims would be satisfied and that all French military activity would stop by the end of the week. Victims will be granted monetary compensations from a 10 million Communal French francs fund paid by the French, and the Reich will receive raw materials -including aluminium- and agricultural products for reconstruction. The Commune has suffered a major diplomatic defeat and will certainly not try to confront the Reich for a few years; the Kaiser has, therefore, asked the Cabinet to put an end to military exercises at the French border and withdrawn all troops not assigned to police operations in Lorraine.
The Commune of France has refused to compensate us!
The French answer to our compensation demands has been an increasing level of military actions at our border and terrorist attacks in Metz and Strassburg and threats of total war! In a broadcasted message to the French nation, the chairman of the Comité de Salut Public declared that \
We are not ready to confront [FRA.GetNameDef].
We must be ready when they come!
An Appeal Against Escalation
As tensions grow between Germany and France, it is not the nationalistic fervour of 1914 that the nations are feeling, but rather a growing dread and pessimism. Memories of the trenches loom in the minds of older citizens. To save Europe from the brink of the war, the Bund Neues Vaterland - the leading anti-war organisation in Germany - has petitioned the government to initiate peace talks with France and Britain, to at least try to avoid any conflict. The signatories of the address include prominent pacifists such as Kurt Grossman and Albert von Einstein, but also a large number of influential figures from social democratic and Christian democratic circles.\n\nEven if we do not truly believe in de-escalating the situation, it might still be useful to at least try to delay the conflict. Our military buildup has been delayed by the recent economic woes, and any amount of additional time to prepare is favourable. If we can keep the peace in the west for some more time, perhaps it will also dissuade Russia's aggressive posturing for now.
Arrange the conference.
This is pointless.
Germany Offers an Olive Branch
The German Ambassador in Paris has delivered our government an invitation to partake in peace talks due to occur in [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. The proposed goal of the negotiations is to avoid a new war between the European great powers, or at least try to find diplomatic solutions before the whole world is once again doomed to death and destruction.\n\nThe offer might be merely playing for time, but it did gather quite bit of sympathy in parliament, and even more in the citizen organisations such as Universal Rally for Peace. The general mood is that we should at least see what they have to offer. At best, the cause of the revolution can advance further without blood being shed, and at worst, some time is lost before the inevitable confrontation will happen.
Accept the invitation.
This is pointless.
The [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Conference
It is already a small victory that Germany, Britain and France have accepted to meet in peaceful terms. The delegations have met in [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], hosted by [escalation_treaty_location.GetLeader], and have decided to talk through the most pressing issues between the countries and seek solutions for them. Russia has sent an observer, but they denounced the negotiations themselves as a mere ploy by Germany to play for time. [copenhagen_conference_austria_present]The German delegation is led by the star of their diplomatic service, Adolf Georg von Maltzan. The French and British delegations are led by Léon Blum and Harold Nicolson, respectively. Despite radical differences between the respective governments of the participants, it does seem like the talks started out in good faith.\n\nThe most pressing issue for Germany is the Internationale's covert support to militant socialists in Germany and their allies. This was countered by Britain arguing that Germany is, if not cooperative with, then at least accepting towards the Entente powers, which are openly hostile to the Internationale. A deal was proposed, where Internationale withdraws from supporting openly violent groups in Europe, and Germany restricts their cooperation and trade with the Entente.\n\nIn addition, both sides would agree to honour the neutrality of third countries and defer from any aggression towards them. Further transfers of military forces to the Franco-German border would be stopped, and a plan for a possible de-escalation of the entire border region was set to be discussed in the future. Additionally, both Britain and Germany agreed to reduce the amount of their submarines and long-range strategic bombers, as long as the other party would do the same.
Accept.
Absolutely no.
Try to craft a compromise.
Austria, however, has enthusiastically supported the endeavour, and is represented by the charismatic Count Richard von Coudenhove-Kalergi, who has been for some time one of the leading figures among Pan-Europan peace movements. 
The [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Conference
No Agreement is Reached
Our enemies has expressed their disinterest to the peace talks and have withdrawn. Our attempt of de-escalating tensions seems to have failed due to their militarist stubbornness.\n\nWith no other option on the table, we also must continue with the military buildup, if only to counter our enemies doing the same.
War for our lifetime, then.
Agreement Reached in [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
After days of intense debating and multiple threats by the French delegate to walk away from the negotiations, a compromise was eventually reached. The controversial agreement was received with relief across Europe, even though very few believe that it would bring lasting peace. Still, a small step towards avoiding the looming war is better than no step at all.\n\nUnsurprisingly, hawks in Germany and France have denounced the treaty. The loudest voices in the DVLP have branded the German delegation as socialist sympathisers and traitors, and more radical forces in syndicalist politics have been equally uncompromising. Nonetheless, both sides have committed to at least attempt to follow the de-escalationary measures laid out in the treaty.
Surprisingly reasonable from them.
Copenhagen Conference brought World Tension under 75%
The Shelling of Avricourt
Chaos in Avricourt! For weeks now, tensions have been skyrocketing on the Franco-German border as the Deutsches Heer underwent military exercises in Elsaß-Lothringen. At 0600 local time, German artillery struck the French village of Avricourt, killing as many as 26. While the Germans insist the strike was an accident, outraged crowds have already begun to gather outside the German embassy in Paris as public opinion lurches to a war fever. Train schedules in both Germany and France have been delayed as both sides have begun deploying large formations to the border.\n\nWhile high level talks are expected to begin soon, the possibility of war still looms large. The world watches with bated breath as Europe once again spirals into conflict.
German savagery.
Typical French overreaction.
Not another July Crisis!
The Shelling of Elfringen
Chaos in Elfringen! For weeks now, tensions have been skyrocketing on the Franco-German border as the Armée Populaire underwent military exercises in Franche-Comté. At 0630 local time, French armoured troops were engaged in a firefight near the German border hamlet of Elfringen, having strayed too close to the border from their intended path. It is unclear which side shot first, but by the end dozens were killed and local forces have entered an armed standoff. Anti-French protests have already broken out across Germany and preliminary mobilisation is underway in both nations.\n\nWhile high level talks are expected to begin soon, the possibility of war still looms large. The world watches with bated breath as Europe once again spirals into conflict.
German warmongering!
Socialist barbarians!
Success of the [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Conference
A surprising agreement was reached in [escalation_treaty_location.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] after intense negotiations between Germany, the Commune of France, and the Union of Britain. Seeking to prevent another Weltkrieg, they organised a conference to ease the tensions between the Great Powers. With the aid of third-party mediation, both sides agreed to limit their military build-up on the Franco-German border and restrict the number of operational strategic bombers and submarines.\n\nIn addition, the Internationale agreed to reduce its support to revolutionary movements in Germany, while Germany promised to scale back its cooperation with the Entente powers. Russia denounced the negotiations as a German attempt to play for time and has only increased its military build-up.
Peace for [GetYear], hopefully.
§H[This.GetName]§!
[THIS.mark_tooltip]
[!mark_state_click]
§HMark State§!
§HUnmark State§!
Will be §Hmarked§! for transfer or coring.
Will no longer be §Hmarked§! for transfer or coring.
§HMark All [This.owner.GetAdjective] States§!
[!mark_all_states_click]
§HMark Disconnected [This.owner.GetAdjective] States§!\n\nWill mark all [This.owner.GetAdjective] states which are not connected to the capital.
[!mark_colonial_states_click]
§HMark [This.owner.GetAdjective] Non-Core States§!\n\nWill mark all [This.owner.GetAdjective] states which are not [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores.
[!mark_noncore_states_click]
§HClear All Marked States§!
[!clear_all_markings_click]
§HTransfer States§!\n\nWill transfer all marked states to §Y[This.owner.GetNameDef]§!.
[!award_states_click]
[This.GetAddCoreRuleDesc]
§HAdd [This.owner.GetAdjective] Cores§!\n\nWill add [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores to all marked states which aren't already [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores.
§HAdd [This.owner.GetAdjective] Cores§!\n\n§RDisabled in multiplayer!§!
[!add_cores_click]
[This.GetRemoveCoreRuleDesc]
§HRemove [This.owner.GetAdjective] Cores§!\n\nWill remove [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores from all marked states which are already [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores.
§HRemove [This.owner.GetAdjective] Cores§!\n\n§RDisabled in multiplayer!§!
[!remove_cores_click]
[This.GetAddClaimRuleDesc]
§HAdd [This.owner.GetAdjective] Claims§!\n\nWill add [This.owner.GetAdjective] claims to all marked states which aren't already [This.owner.GetAdjective] cores or claims.
§HAdd [This.owner.GetAdjective] Claims§!\n\n§RDisabled in multiplayer!§!
[!add_claims_click]
[This.GetRemoveClaimRuleDesc]
§HRemove [This.owner.GetAdjective] Claims§!\n\nWill remove [This.owner.GetAdjective] claims from all marked states which are already [This.owner.GetAdjective] claims.
§HRemove [This.owner.GetAdjective] Claims§!\n\n§RDisabled in multiplayer!§!
[!remove_claims_click]
[THIS.mark_country_tooltip]
§HMark Country§!
§HClear Marked Country§!
[!mark_country_click]
§H[This.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be §Hmarked§! for puppeting, faction joining/leaving, and war/peace.
§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! will no longer be §Hmarked§! for puppeting, faction joining/leaving, and war/peace.
[THIS.add_puppet_tooltip]
§HMake Subject§!\n\nWill turn §H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! into a subject of §H[This.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
§HMake Subject§!
[!add_puppet_click]
[THIS.remove_puppet_tooltip]
§HRemove Subject§!\n\nWill remove §H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s subject status and make them independent.
§HRemove Subject§!
[!remove_puppet_click]
[THIS.add_faction_tooltip]
§HJoin the [This.owner.GetFactionName]§!\n\n§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! will join §H[This.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s faction, the [This.owner.GetFactionName].
§HMake Faction Leader§!\n\n§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! will become the new leader of the [marked_country.GetFactionName].
§HAdd to Faction§!
[!add_faction_click]
[THIS.remove_faction_tooltip]
§HLeave the [marked_country.GetFactionName]§!\n\nWill remove §H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! from the [marked_country.GetFactionName].
§HRemove from Faction§!
[!remove_faction_click]
[THIS.add_peace_tooltip]
§HMake Peace with [This.owner.GetNameDef]§!\n\n§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§!, including all allies, will end the war with §H[This.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§! and their allies.
§HPeace Out of All Wars§!\n\n§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! will white peace out of all wars it is currently in.
§HMake Peace§!
[!add_peace_click]
[THIS.add_war_tooltip]
§HDeclare War on [This.owner.GetNameDef]§!\n\n§H[marked_country.GetNameWithFlag]§! will declare war on §H[This.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
§HDeclare War§!
[!add_peace_click]
Draft Dodging
A new report by the War Office shows a marked reduction in available manpower. It appears that the latest batch of recruits is much smaller than initially expected. The discrepancy is currently under investigation, but first leads point towards a large number of people who are technically fit for service managing to avoid the draft through various means. 18 year old students are suddenly skilled workers employed in critical war industry, former athletes fail their fitness tests and in some cases, recruits have simply vanished without a trace.\n\nWhen people are caught and interrogated, they point towards the poor conditions in the army, the indifferent officers and not wanting to die for a lost cause. Military leaders demand a harsh crackdown on people avoiding the draft, but many in the government believe that improving the living conditions of enlisted soldiers might be the better approach.
The ineffective official response to the widespread avoidance of the draft has only made the problem worse. More and more recruits never show up after receiving their drafting letter. Counter-Intelligence has intercepted a professionally made pamphlet advising people on how to avoid the draft, suggesting things like bribing doctors to certify the recruit to be medically unfit. Exceptions for family fathers have led to war widows with children finding themselves mobbed with marriage proposals while the number of people applying for exceptions for ethical reasons have hit record numbers.\n\nMilitary leaders have suggested eliminating the last few exceptions and make examples out of a few shirkers that have been caught. Others in the government have suggested that we should appeal to the sense of civic duty in our citizens and point out the consequences of a defeat in this war.
With government responses to draft dodging having no positive effects whatsoever, more and more people have started to wonder why they should put themselves at risk while others stay in safety. Recruits that do turn up often report being harassed or ridiculed in the streets as fools fighting for a doomed cause. Reports of mothers forbidding their children from answering the draft order are everywhere, and the War Office has submitted a report claiming that they are no longer sure how many people they are supposed to draft, as their bureaucracy has started to break down under the strain of processing all those missing soldiers.
Nothing can be done about it.
We should arrest anyone found evading the draft!
A pay rise for the enlisted soldiers is perhaps in order.
It is time for harsher measures.
Appeal to the people's sense of civic duty.
We must make an example.
We must give the people something to fight for.
Strikes!
Production in several factories has slowed down dramatically over the last few days as the workers have declared a strike on all war production. Demanding 
Government efforts to convince the strikers to return to work seem to have had no effect whatsoever. On the contrary, strikes have been reported in further factories, and the last few hold outs in the originally affected work sites have also put down their tools after facing the anger of their colleagues. While stockpiles have so far been able to cushion the blow to front line supplies somewhat, it is only a question of time before the production outages start to affect our ability to prosecute the war.\n\nThe War Office has again urged the government to take an unyielding line with the strikers, but other factions inside the administration have suggested that offering to meet the workers half-way may be enough to convince them to return to work.
What started as industrial action in a few isolated places has now spread across the entire country, affecting even industries that are only connected to the war effort in tertiary ways. Even the workings of the government itself have become affected, as many low level clerks, messengers, and drivers have refused to show up to work in increasing numbers.\n\nIn many places, worker councils have taken over the factory buildings. Reports from the secret police indicate that some places seem to have started production of weapons again - for a major uprising against what is being called 
This will blow over.
Make a demonstration of military force in the towns.
Make propaganda heroes out of the people still willing to work.
Draft the workers into military service and put the factories under military control.
Offer to increase the food rations of workers.
Send in the troops, arrest the strikers, execute the ringleaders.
Propose new welfare legislation.
Mutinies in the Army
Alarming news have reach Military High Command about a number of units in our Army refusing orders from superior officers. While none of the units have left their position in the line, representatives of the soldiers have made it quite clear that they will not obey any orders to attack the enemy.\n\nThe rebellion has so far been contained to a small number of battalions and a handful of training and support units, but many in the War Office fear that this uprising will soon spread to other units and may eventually render us unable to continue the war. Decisive action is needed.
Efforts to address the mutinies in the army have shown no effect. Emboldened by the lack of effective government response, the mutineers have expanded their list of demands to include an immediate cease-fire followed by a comprehensive peace treaty and demobilisation.\n\nThe War Office strongly recommends that we send a strong signal to the mutineers to deter any further action on their part.
With the government evidently unwilling or unable to address their issues, the mutineers have decided to take measures into their own hands. Elections for 
We can't do anything about that now.
Surround the mutinous units with loyalists and order them to stand down.
Hold a patriotic speech before the mutineers.
Publicly announce that anyone found supporting the mutineers will be charged with treason.
Announce a peace initiative. Make sure it is unacceptable to the enemy.
Mobilise loyalist militias and arrest all soldiers not at their duty stations.
Offer the soldiers to permit them to elect their own officers.
Military Crackdown succeeds
Our swift response has proven very effective. Military police units, supported by local law enforcement and patriotic volunteers, swarmed out in a well-coordinated operation to visit every missing draftee. Most were willing to answer the call when they were informed of the consequences of failing to report for duty. Military High Command has publicly declared that anyone who showed up at their duty station will not be charged with any crime or punished for failing to do so in the past. Still, a number of people have categorically refused to take up arms for their country and have been arrested.
Decisive action prevented worse.
Draft Riots
Our attempts at resolving the situation through military force have not been met with success. It appears that someone in our administration has leaked our planned operation to the public, which responded quickly. When military police and other law enforcement agencies tried to apprehend known draft dodgers, they found their way blocked by angry mobs, demanding an end to the war and to forced conscription. In several cases, street battles erupted between the police and the protestors, leading to a number of fatalities when the soldiers were forced to use their weapons to defend themselves. It took several hours until the police gained full control over the situation.\n\nAn ugly mood has settled over the capital as the barricades are cleared away and the dead are buried. Reports from the War Office show no change in the number of recruits reporting for duty. Many in the government wonder how much longer we can continue fighting under these circumstances.
The situation has not necessarily developed to our advantage.
The Conscription Rebellion
Our attempts at resolving the situation through military force have not been met with success. It appears that someone in our administration has leaked our planned operation to the public, which responded quickly. When military police and other law enforcement agencies tried to apprehend known draft dodgers, they found their way blocked by angry mobs, demanding an end to the war and to forced conscription. In several cases, street battles erupted between the police and the protestors, leading to a number of fatalities when the soldiers were forced to use their weapons to defend themselves.\n\nThe situation quickly spiralled out of control after that, as citizens rushed the soldiers and stormed police stations to arm themselves. Several cities in the country are now in a state of armed insurrection against the government. Ironically, the rebels seem to have no issues finding soldiers willing to take up arms.
Oh, so NOW they want to fight!?
Draft Reform proves effective
The social measures passed by the government as part of a larger process of reforming the military recruitment policy have proven surprisingly popular. Higher pay and more frequent leave are often cited as the biggest new benefits, but many also point to the new government programmes to support war widows and orphans. Fewer and fewer men can justify refusing their country's call to the colours, and public support for draft-dodgers has all but disappeared.\n\nIndeed, there has been a recent upswing in public support for the government as more and more people realise that the [Root.GetAdjective] way of life is under attack.
A wise decision.
The 591. Penal Battalion
Seeing the severity of the situation, the Military High Command has decided that more drastic measures are required to show that evading one's civic duty to defend their country will not be tolerated. At dawn, military police raided the homes of a number of carefully selected, well known and connected people who have used their influence to allow others to avoid the draft. Still in their nightgowns, they have found themselves conscripted into the military and escorted to the barracks under armed guard, where they will be formed up into a separate unit, to avoid their subversive influence from spreading to other units.\n\nThe news of this has spread quickly, and it appears that most people who until now believed that they could get away with ignoring their draft notice have changed their mind. Recruitment stations across the country report that a growing number of people have come by to ask what exactly the consequences would be if a 
They may yet redeem themselves.
Local Elites Voice Their Protest
Seeing the severity of the situation, the Military High Command has decided that more drastic measures are required to show that evading one's civic duty to defend their country will not be tolerated. At dawn, military police raided the homes of a number of carefully selected, well known and connected people who have used their influence to allow others to avoid the draft. Still in their nightgowns, they have found themselves conscripted into the military. Their families have mobilised their extensive support networks to protest this decision. The War Office has been flooded with calls and letters from simple workers who want their factory manager back to undersecretaries in various other ministries, demanding to know why people working in fields critical to the war effort have been removed from their work. It appears that even some cabinet members have second thoughts about the war - perhaps fearing for the safety of their own sons.
Have they no sense of duty?
We will not let their lives be spent in vain.
The end of a coward
A shame that it had to come to this.
A martyr for peace
Things have not necessarily improved.
A New Deal for [Root.GetNameDef]
In a radio transmitted speech today, [Root.GetLeader] announced what he called a 
And we pay for all this how...?
Order Restored
Moving quickly, Military High command mobilised a number of training units for service and formed ad-hoc groups of soldiers on leave. Marching these formations past the gates of the factories had the desired effect, as most strikers did not want to force a confrontation with potentially deadly consequences. The few that did try to persuade the soldiers to make common cause found their words having little effect as soldiers asked why the workers in the cosy rear should be allowed to let down the fighting men on the front.
Why indeed.
Bloody Monday
Moving quickly, Military High command mobilised a number of training units for service and formed ad-hoc groups of soldiers on leave. Moving these formations to the affected cities proved a lot more difficult than expected, however, as the strikers blocked railway lines and forced the troops to march in on foot, giving them ample time to prepare. When our troops reached the barricaded factories, they found the strikers ready for them. Attempts to clear roads were met with furious attacks by the workers throwing stones and bottles at the soldiers.\n\nIn several instances, the troops opened fire to defend themselves, killing a number of strikers and wounding scores more. this only enraged the mob even further, with screams of 
Not as planned.
Heroes on the Production Front
Heroes one and all.
The War Production Department
[Root.GetLeader] today announced some small changes to the draft. While skilled workers were previously exempted from the military draft, this exception has now been removed and all exempt men drafted immediately. At the same time, the War Office has been authorised to take direct control of any factory that produces goods relevant to the war effort if the leadership of those factories has shown a lack of ability.\n\nThe announcement was met with silent resignation in the affected cities, especially once it was announced that anyone resisting would be treated the same as a soldier who refused to follow orders. While morale amongst the workers in the factories is at rock-bottom, production has restarted.
Should have done that from the start.
A country in defiance
[Root.GetLeader] today announced some small changes to the draft. While skilled workers were previously exempted from the military draft, this exception has now been removed and all exempt men drafted immediately. At the same time, the War Office has been authorised to take direct control of any factory that produces goods relevant to the war effort if the leadership of those factories has shown a lack of ability.\n\nThe announcement was met with great laughter in the affected cities, especially once it was announced that anyone resisting would be treated the same as a soldier who refused to follow orders. Policemen sent to deliver draft notices to workers were told to come back with more than ink on paper.
Perhaps we should.
Useful Eaters
Without mentioning the strikes taking place, [Root.GetLeader] announced today that workers in war-relevant industries will get extra rations of sugar, coffee and meat to maintain their strength. Sadly, the rumours that the government was willing to hand out extra chocolate turned out to be false.\n\nWhile the ringleaders of the strike try to keep the workers from returning to work, most seem to have accepted that 
They better earn their keep.
Operation Black Oak
The troops assembled outside the towns overnight, maintaining noise and light discipline to keep the element of surprise. As the sun crept over the horizon and the workers manning the barricades at the factories looked forward to relief by the day shift, the assault columns moved in. The tired workers were sluggish to organise the resistance and quickly overcome. Leaving a small detachment to guard the prisoners, the troops swept the town, arresting everyone on the list of known factory workers. By noon, the military had taken full control of the cities and instituted a curfew. No further resistance is expected. The majority of workers will soon be released on the condition that they return to work, the ring leaders will be held and put on trial. Death sentences are expected to be handed down.
Order has been restored.
The Battle of Oak Street
The troops assembled outside the towns overnight, but poor light and noise discipline gave the surprise away. As the troops moved in, they found the workers alert and ready for them. The first assault broke down in hails of thrown stones. A second assault with fixed bayonets was repulsed in brutal hand-to-hand fighting, leaving dozens of dead and dying in the streets.\n\nThe officers in charge have pulled back to consolidate their forces, while the workers are extending their fortifications and arming themselves with the weapons left behind in the retreat. A second day of fighting is expected tomorrow, but Military High Command does no longer believe that victory is likely.
We are quickly running out of options.
The Worker's Rights Protection Act
With tensions running high across the capital, [Root.GetLeader] announced a new law to protect the rights of workers even in times of war. The sweeping legislation mandates paid sick leave without limits, mandatory accident insurance for every worker, the right to join any union as well as, for the first time, the right for any employed women to have maternity leave after the birth of a child.\n\nWhile many in the government consider this nothing less than a complete surrender to the strikers, the results are conclusive: work has resumed in all factories.
Hopefully this will be enough.
Mutiny Crushed
After a few hours of tense negotiations at barracks gates and in front line dugouts, the mutiny in our army is over. Faced with the prospect of a fight they could not win, the mutineers quickly decided to stand down.\n\nThe primary issue then became the fate of those that had refused orders. Military High Command has opted for clemency and assured the mutineers that they would not be punished harshly. A few examples have been made in which some soldiers were demoted to a lower rank and transferred to a different unit.
Let's hope that is the last of it.
An empty threat
Attempts to scare the mutineers into submission have backfired spectacularly as the troops showed little fear of the units sent to suppress them. Using skills honed on the front lines, they quickly organised a defence of their positions that would make any attempt to defeat them very costly.\n\nThe officers in charge of the loyalist units have pulled back and are awaiting further orders, but this small success has no doubt strengthened the mutineers' resolve.
No one could have predicted this.
Good speech.
The Treason In War Act
While the War Office is doing its best to keep the current mutiny in the army from becoming widely known, censoring letters can only go so far. Soldiers on leave quickly spread the word that the army is no longer willing to bleed needlessly in this war.\n\nWithout mentioning the mutiny specifically, [Root.GetLeader] announced today that the government would now consider any act that reflected a lack of commitment to the war to be treason.\n\nThe punishment for treason is well known, and public support for the mutineers has all but evaporated. News of this was, of course, widely spread. Seeing little support from the general population, the soldiers have quietly resumed their duties.
We shouldn't have to spell this out.
Crackdown Attempt Fizzles
While the War Office is doing its best to keep the current mutiny in the army from becoming widely known, censoring letters can only go so far. Soldiers on leave quickly spread the word that the army is no longer willing to bleed needlessly in this war.\n\nAttempts by the government to stem the tide have completely failed. Reports from the Secret Police indicate that the mutineers have a strong backing in the general public, making it unlikely that we can isolate and suppress them.
This disrespect for laws is deeply worrying.
The [Root.GetAdjective] Peace Offer
[Root.GetLeader] announced to the press today that his latest peace offer has failed. While the causes for this unfortunate turn of events are very complex, the [Root.GetAdjective] demand that the other side pay for all damages caused, disarm completely and publicly acknowledge that they started the war may have been the final straw.\n\nOur enemies have responded in kind, calling our reasonable requests a demand for unconditional surrender. They have promised that they will prosecute this war until the bitter end.\n\nWith our enemies evidently unwilling to see reason and promising to fight on, attempts by the mutineers to force a peace settlement have collapsed.
Terrible shame.
Military Crackdown succeeds.
Despite a few instances in which small groups of mutineers decided to make a fight out of it, our operation to crush the rebellion has been a stunning success. Relying on numbers rather than skill, loyalist militias surrounded the mutineers' strongholds and demanded their surrender. Most soldiers decided not to take up arms against their own countrymen and surrendered peacefully.\n\nThe ringleaders will be tried in secret court martials, but the average soldier will be sent back to the front, albeit in a different unit to prevent mutineers from forming new cells.
Well done.
Brother against Brother
Our attempts to prevent the elections for the Worker and Soldier Councils have escalated the situation beyond even the most pessimistic estimation. Rather than surrendering, the mutineers have formed provisional Councils, elected field commanders and set up defences in the streets. It is clear that they aim to make a fight out of this.\n\nThe rifts in the army now run through every unit and often even between members of the same family. [Root.GetNameDefCap] stands poised at the edge of a civil war.
This keeps getting worse.
A new breed of officer
Despite strong objections from the military, every unit in the [Root.GetAdjective] Army carried out elections to select their commander. The results have been very surprising, as most of the elected are accomplished soldiers with plenty of experience in the field. While many professional officers still consider this to be a personal insult, there can be little doubt that most soldiers dramatically prefer this situation.
This shouldn't work, should it?
Major countries
Recently updated minor countries
Other countries
Bold
The operative is excellent at making quick decisions and calculating the best time to strike.
Cautious
Sometimes discretion is the better part of valour.
Reckless
Gets the job done, but appears less concerned for personal safety.
Military Background
The operative knows their way around the military, speaking the universal language of soldiers everywhere.
Political Connections
Knowing the right people in high places can be handy.
Highly Educated
Sometimes it helps to know the difference between an acid and a base.
Efficient
Does the job with as few tools as necessary.
Streetwise
Their background might be shady, but the operative has contacts where it counts.
Master Infiltrator
This operative is a master at adapting to any environment and blending in flawlessly.
Survivor
Somehow, this operative seems to always makes it out alive.
Master Soldier
This operative has among the best military training there is available.
Master Saboteur
If this operative can get near it, they can sabotage it.
Artillery Officer
§LTrained as an artillery officer.§!
Artillery Leader
§LSkilled at directing artillery in combat.§!
Artillery Expert
A true expert in directing artillery.
Artillery ratio > §H20%§!
Master of Ordnance
§LThere is no such thing as \
Rising Star
§LThis officer shows great promise in the field of military tactics and grand strategy.§!
Removed upon reaching §YSkill Level 3§!
Guantanamo Bay Lease Holder
Môle Saint-Nicolas Lease Holder
Samaná Lease Holder
Holds Minor Territories
We currently either lease or directly own important but diminutive territories around the world.
[gitmo_active][mole_active][samana_active]
Guantanamo Bay Lease
We currently lease the significant Guantanamo Bay naval base to §Y[GTM.GetNameWithFlag]§!.\n\nGuantanamo Bay was occupied by the United States during the Cuban War of Independence as part of the larger Spanish-American war. In the years and decades thereafter, American control over Guantanamo Bay under nominal Cuban sovereignty was reaffirmed and the Guantanamo Bay naval base was greatly expanded. Whoever controls Guantanamo Bay, the United States or some other imperial power, will surely reap significant benefit.
Môle Saint-Nicolas Lease
We currently lease the coastal city of Môle Saint-Nicolas to §Y[MSN.GetNameWithFlag]§!.\n\nOnly recently a small coastal town, Môle Saint-Nicolas is slowly but surely being transformed into a naval station to rival that of the nearby Guantanamo Bay.
Samaná Lease
We currently lease the coastal city of Santa Bárbara de Samaná to §Y[SAM.GetNameWithFlag]§!.\n\nCoveted by the Americans prior to their acquisition of Guantanamo Bay, after decades of relative obscurity in the eyes of foreign powers, Samaná is now being rapidly transformed into a hub for [SAM.GetAdjective] fleets.
§YGuantanamo Bay§!\n§W(§Y[820.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!) Civilian Industry from target country:§! [?0.05|+=%]
\n§YMôle Saint-Nicolas§!\n§W(§Y[318.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!) Civilian Industry from target country:§! [?0.02|+=%]
\n§YSamaná§!\n§W(§Y[319.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!) Civilian Industry from target country:§! [?0.02|+=%]
Guantanamo Bay
Môle Saint-Nicolas
Samaná
Multiple Leased Territories
Guantanamo Bay
Môle Saint-Nicolas
Samaná
Remove §YGuantanamo Bay Lease§!\n§WEffective Change:\n(§Y[820.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§!) Civilian Industry from target country: §R-5.00%§!§!
Remove §YGuantanamo Bay Lease§!\n§WEffective Change:\n(§Y[PREV.GetNameWithFlag]§!) Civilian Industry to target country: §G-5.00%§!§!
The Seizure of [treatyport_whichisit]
With the outbreak of war, our forces moved immediately to take control of [treatyport_whichisit], and after a brief struggle have emerged victorious.
The nation is whole again!
Minor Territories Overrun
With the outbreak of war, our minor territorial holdings have been overrun. Relevant treaties have been torn up and our personnel evacuated. With victory in this war, perhaps we shall reclaim them.
We'll have them back soon enough.
The Seizure of [treatyport_whichisit2]
Our forces have taken control of the concession at [treatyport_whichisit2]. The fate of the territory shall be put to rest with the war's conclusion.
A small victory.
The Seizure of [treatyport_whichisit2]
[FROM.GetAdjective] troops have overrun our forces stationed in [treatyport_whichisit2]. For now at least, [treatyport_whichisit2] lies in enemy hands.
We'll have it back soon enough.
The Return of [treatyport_whichisit2]
With the recapture of [treatyport_whichisit2], the territory has been returned to foreign control.
A bittersweet moment.
The Return of [treatyport_whichisit2]
[treatyport_whichisit2] has come back under our control and is once again operational.
Hooray!
The Revocation of [treatyport_whichisit2]
[treatyport_whichisit2] has been recaptured. Given the present state of war with the territory's overlord, however, rather than return to territory to foreign control, the territory has been fully reincorporated.
May we win this great war.
The Revocation of [treatyport_whichisit2]
[FROM.GetName] has announced the revocation of our lease over [treatyport_whichisit2].
We shall have it back.
The End of the [treatyport_whichisit2] Concession
With the collapse of [FROM.GetNameDef] to enemy forces, we are no longer beholden to the concessions - and our forces have already moved in to seize them.
A small victory.
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Second American Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Spanish Civil War
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Crisis on the Danube
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
Italian War of Unification
2nd $ORDER$$SECOND$-$FIRST$ War
2nd $ORDER$$FIRST$-$SECOND$ War
2nd $ORDER$$SECOND$-$FIRST$ War
2nd $ORDER$$FIRST$-$SECOND$ War
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Aggression for $STATE$
$ORDER$$FIRST$ reclamation of $STATE$
Reclamation of the Home Islands
Entente-Internationale War
$ORDER$$FIRST$-$SECOND$ War
$ORDER$$FIRST$-$SECOND$ War
The Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg
2nd Russo-$ORDER$$SECOND$ War
2nd Russo-$ORDER$$FIRST$ War
Eastern Seas War
Eastern Seas War
Eastern Seas War
Eastern Seas War
The Winter War
The Winter War
War of Arabian Unification
War of Arabian Unification
War of Arabian Unification
War of Arabian Unification
War of Arabian Unification
War of Arabian Unification
The $ORDER$$SECOND$ Revolt
The $ORDER$$SECOND$ Revolt
The $ORDER$$SECOND$ Revolt
$ORDER$$FIRST$ War of Independence
$ORDER$$FIRST$ War of Independence
$ORDER$$FIRST$ War of Independence
Entente Reclamation of Hyderabad
Entente Reclamation of Bengal
Bharatiya Liberation of Hyderabad
Bharatiya Liberation of Lahore
Princely Order Restoration of Bengal
Princely Order Restoration of Lahore
Fifth Anglo-Afghan War
Fifth Anglo-Afghan War
37th Siamese-Burmese War
37th Siamese-Burmese War
War in the Southern Cone
War in the Southern Cone
South American Syndicalist Civil War
South American Syndicalist Civil War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Alpine War
Venetian War of Independence
Venetian Revolt
Indochinese Anti-German Resistance War
Vietnam Reunification War
$ORDER$ Indochina War
Pacification of the Viet Minh
Indochinese Liberation of Mekong Territories
Mekong War
Pastaza War
Pastaza War
Second War of the Pacific
Second War of the Pacific
Eritrean Uprising
Eritrean War of Independence
Ogaden War
Ogaden War
Bush War
Bush War
Korean Uprising
Korean War of Independence
Second Mahdist Revolt
Second Mahdist Revolt
Levant Crisis
Levant Crisis
Tripolitanian War of Independence
Tripolitanian Revolt
Cypriot War of Independence
Cypriot Rebellion
Assyrian War of Independence
Assyrian Uprising
Kurdish War of Independence
Kurdish Rebellion
Barzinji Uprising
Barzinji Insurrection
Yemeni War of Independence
Yemeni Revolt
Lebanese War of Independence
Lebanese Rebellion
Ikhwan Revolt
Ikhwan Revolt
Panamanian Crisis
Panamanian Crisis
Coto War
Coto War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Brazilian Civil War
Kuomintang Uprising
$FIRST$-Fengtian War
North-South Zhili War
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Beijing Intervention in Sichuan
Beijing Reintegration of Xinjiang
Beijing Reconquest of Mongolia
Beijing Reconquest of Tibet
Beijing Intervention in Annam
Beijing Intervention in Annam
$SECOND$-Fengtian War
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Pacification of Southern China
Fengtian Intervention in Sichuan
Fengtian Reintegration of Xinjiang
Fengtian Reconquest of Mongolia
Fengtian Reconquest of Tibet
Fengtian Intervention in Annam
Fengtian Intervention in Annam
Chinese National Revolution
2nd Northern Expedition
Chinese Civil War
Western Expedition
Western Expedition
Southern Expedition
Upper Yangtze Expedition
Lower Yangtze Campaign
Northwest Expedition
Anti-Concession War
Chinese Reintegration of Xinjiang
Chinese Reintegration of Mongolia
Chinese Reintegration of Tibet
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Anti-Kuomintang War
Anti-Kuomintang War
Anti-Kuomintang War
$ORDER$$FIRST$-Left Kuomintang War
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Xinjiang
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Xinjiang
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Xinjiang
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Xinjiang
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Tibet
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Tibet
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Tibet
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Tibet
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Mongolia
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Mongolia
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Mongolia
$ORDER$$FIRST$ Reintegration of Mongolia
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Intervention in Annam
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
Chinese Civil War
East Turkestan Revolt
East Turkestan Revolt
Kumul Rebellion
Kumul Rebellion
War of Five Provinces
War of Five Provinces
Shan War of Independence
Shan Rebellion
Kachin War of Independence
Kachin Rebellion
Japanese Intervention
Manchurian Intervention
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
2nd Sino-Japanese War
3rd Boer War
3rd Boer War
