Patagonia Focus Tree
Coalition to Dismantle Andesia
Anti-Imperialist League
South American Socialist States
The Revolutionary Fires
Despite the attempts of the Argentinian government to quell the flames of revolution, our movement is still alive, and growing stronger by the day. While our victory is far from certain, we must start preparing for the final showdown against the reactionaries in the north.
The Three Economic Issues
The Patagonian landscape has not been easy on our movement. We will need to be smart if we wish to prevail on the battlefield, and to prepare ourselves for it, we must first survey the issues that plague our local economy.
Arms Smuggling
Our first step towards a Patagonian industrial revolution is to give ourselves the means to defend our revolutionary state from the reactionaries to the north. As we even lack the means to set up an industrial base, however, we'll need to look abroad for whatever weapons our meagre resources can get us.
The Patagonian Fishing Industry
The sizeable Atlantic fishing industry in Patagonia was effectively shuttered by the revolution. Before we can build a navy to defend our coasts, we must first help our fishermen reclaim the seas and restore Patagonia's mothballed merchant fleet. Above all else, this will help us feed both our people and our army.
Exploiting Resources
The Patagonian economy is grievously underdeveloped with many of the region's riches being left trapped beneath the earth. There is no reason for this other than the neglect of the previous regime, and now that we're in control of our own fate, we'll have to jump-start a resource industry to support both our people and our revolutionary army.
Industrial Planning Scheme
The old regime left Patagonia in a state of abject destitution, lacking any semblance of modern industry. Patagonia's own industrial revolution will have the ultimate goal of bringing prosperity to our people, but before we can fulfil it, we'll need to establish the supply chains needed to fuel it from abroad.
Central Construction Agency
Abandoning the exploitation and whims of the free market, we'll set up a central planning committee in Puerto Madryn to oversee future developments in the region. By setting clear goals for ourselves and our workers, we'll be able to create the basic industry and infrastructure that Patagonia needs more efficiently.
British Industrial Assistance
Through the great efforts of our labourers, the goal of turning Patagonia into a fully modern industrialised state is finally within reach. With industrial assistance from Britain, this goal should become achievable.
Communard Arms Production Assistance
To liberate Argentina from reactionaries, we should increase our military production. By requesting tools and machinery in France, we can ensure a steady stream of guns being produced by Patagonian hands for our war effort.
Chilean Naval Assistance
Our comrades in Santiago have aided us with soldiers, guns and resources since the dawn of our revolution. They are willing to provide some industrial assistance in our shipbuilding.
Request Submarines Designs
Forts and land warfare can only get us so far. If we wish to strike against our enemies, we will need to request old submarine designs from our allies in Britain. Even if they can only spare a few relics from the Weltkrieg, it would go a long way to safeguard our coastline from hostile forces.
International Officer Training
Most of our navy is currently commanded by a mix of the captains of converted civilian vessels and inexperienced civilians voted into a commanding position. If we could convince the Third Internationale to help us train our officers, it could prove invaluable in our efforts to strengthen our navy.
Coastal Defences
Should our coast guard be forced back into port or sunk, our cities will be completely exposed to naval landings by the reactionaries. To prevent them from employing such cowardly tactics against us, we must build defensive fortifications along our coast.
Population Surveys
In order to properly prepare for the incoming war, we need to carry out a census of our population, and begin drafting conscription lists, as we will need to dig our claws deep for every reserve soldier we can send to the front.
Rally the Workers!
The Frente Obrero's Cause is just! The workers of the north would be wise to see this, and while their voices are kept quiet by the northern regime, we can still reach them via our informants and hidden transmissions. We will help them reach our lines so that they can help us overthrow the regime that dared oppress them.
Women at Arms
Our adversaries to the north have held down the women of Argentina for far too long. Therefore, we'll give a rifle to every woman that's willing to serve in our army in the spirit of equality and actively encourage more to do so. While some petty traditionalists may disagree with this measure, it'll help greatly to even out the odds against Buenos Aires.
Mass Recruitment Scheme
In order to make up the difference in manpower, we need to bring as many people as possible into our ranks. We'll set up recruitment offices across our revolutionary state and send out officers throughout the countryside to encourage people to volunteer for our cause. While the hastened efforts may degrade our army's quality slightly, it'll effectively solve our manpower crisis.
Improvised Weaponry
Just like we had to cut some corners to make up the difference in manpower between us and Buenos Aires, we need to do the same for our equipment. We'll set up a series of workshops in the countryside and use Patagonian ingenuity to turn common civilian utilities into deadly weapons of war. A makeshift weapon is better than an empty hand!
Encourage the Unwilling
Our enemies gravely outnumber us, and to make up for this weakness, we'll need to encourage the unwilling to do what's right and take up arms against the enemy. While this move will disrupt Patagonian society, it's better than ending up as slaves under the reactionaries.
Chilean Military Aid
As we stand on the precipice of war, our comrades on the other side of the Andes have informed us that they're ready to step up their military aid to us. This will go a long way towards equipping our fledgling revolutionary army with proper guns.
Internationale Guns
Our comrades in Chile can only provide us with so much. In order to make sure every soldier has a rifle and enough ammunition to make up for the superior numbers of the counter-revolutionaries, we'll need to look abroad for help. Thankfully, our comrades in Paris and London will be able to provide us with what we need in the spirit of red solidarity.
Indiscriminate Conscription
In order to solve our manpower shortages, we may be forced to expand the size and scope of our conscription efforts. Every man and woman needs to do their duty for the revolution. Even if the quality of our army will suffer until we win the war due to the influx of unfit soldiers into the ranks, an unfit soldier is better than no soldier at all.
Call for Chilean Volunteers
Many of our comrades across the Andes are eager to spread the revolution and fight for their country, but are unable to enlist and fight in the Chilean army. We need to get the message to as many of them as possible that there's a ration, a rifle, and an opportunity to spread the revolution on our side of the border.
Call for European Manpower
Even if we gave a rifle to every man and woman in Patagonia, we'd still be outnumbered. To match our enemies, we must call on our comrades in Europe to help bolster our ranks. Luckily for us, the cradle of the world revolution is full to the brim with revolutionaries who are eager to help the socialist cause. All we need to do is to put out the word and help them reach our shores.
International Force
There are untold thousands of aspiring and veteran revolutionaries across the world who are ready, willing, and able to enlist with us. We only need to spread the message and aid as many of them as possible to join us. While this will lead to some coordination issues between our soldiers, it'll make sure our ranks are full.
International Air Volunteers
While the idea of a Patagonian air force is presently unrealistic, our increased contacts with foreign revolutionaries have allowed us to reach out to experienced pilots around the world ready to turn the skies red. While these daredevils can only provide their own planes, having them on our side will deny the capitalists the uncontested skies they're expecting!
An End to the Manpower Crisis
Desperate times have indeed called for desperate measures but thanks to our efforts, we now boast a force that can stand up to the oppressors in the north. When the foe comes to try and take our freedom away, we're finally ready to fight them with a fully manned revolutionary army!
Fortify the Border
With the enemy's superiority in numbers and equipment, a defensive stance is not out of the question. By dotting our front line with fortifications and trenches, we'll make sure that our former oppressors will pay a heavy price for every inch of Patagonian soil they try to steal from our liberated workers!
Infiltrating the North
Fighting the enemy on their terms will be the death of us. Instead, we'll destroy our foe by fighting unconventionally and forcing them to meet us on our terms, not theirs.
European Way of War
Most of our fighters are militiamen and guerrillas without any formal military backgrounds. While more than capable of defending our country, some of our European comrades are offering to help us organise our divisions according to a more regular model. Integrating more of these veterans to train our militias will also help us improve their overall efficiency as well.
Strike the Railroads
Argentina is a vast land of mountains and rivers. This forces the enemy to rely heavily on railroads to move their forces through the country. If we could prepare a series of railroad sabotages, we should be able to temporarily cripple their mobility in the first crucial weeks of the war.
Infiltrator Cells
Argentina is a vast land of mountains and rivers. This forces the enemy to spread its forces throughout the country. If we could infiltrate and sow the seeds of rebellion, we should be able to temporarily tie up their resources in the first crucial weeks of the war.
International Armour Specialists
The Weltkrieg proved the effectiveness of tanks in modern breakthrough operations. For our revolutionary armed forces to fully transition into a modern army, it's necessary for us to develop a mechanised branch. By soliciting help from British and French engineers, we should be able to speed up this process significantly.
Standardising Our Tactics
The very decentralised nature of our forces has led to a situation where each squad has its own tactics and methods, and sometimes they aren't even that organised. While unpredictability has its advantages, we should at least standardise our army tactics to the point where our officers can at least predict what moves their comrades can be expected to make.
Veteran Instructors
Since our revolutionary army mostly consists of volunteer militias drawn from the local population, their quality is severely inconsistent from regiment to regiment. By carefully picking out and embedding some of our more capable and experienced veterans with our fresh recruits, we'll be able to even out their performance and better preserve the army's institutional knowledge.
Unconventional Supply Networks
The way we fight means that our revolutionary soldiers often find themselves outside of anything resembling a conventional supply chain. By setting up forward supply caches ahead of advances and training our fighters to better forage for supplies behind enemy lines, we'll vastly improve our overall supply situation.
Foreign Doctrine Assistance
As our army gains experience, our tactics are also improving. However, now that we're starting to move away from the basics, we need to start defining what shape our grand strategy should take, and we should look to the Internationale for help in this matter.
Mandatory Militia Training
The constant threat from counter-revolutionaries in Buenos Aires and beyond is forcing us to mandate that our citizens undergo a basic militia training regimen. By preparing our people both physically and mentally for future conflicts, they can be turned into combat-worthy soldiers far more efficiently once their service to the revolution is needed the most.
A Militarised Society
There can be no permanent peace with the counter-revolutionaries, and to safeguard our revolution, we'll need to militarise our society for the inevitable conflicts that lie ahead. With a citizenry that's prepared and ready for war, anyone foolish enough to wage war against our lands will be met with fierce resistance from every layer of society.
The Revolution Successful
Against all odds, we stand triumphant. Our country may be rubble, and our people may need to adapt to this for a time. But let's not forget that it was us workers who got this country up and running, and as such, we shall do so again!
The First National Trade Union Congress
Coming from a tradition of Republican democracy, Argentina had never had a Trade Union Congress up to this point, and while many are anxious to see this historical event, many are wary of it being simply a masquerade for a dictatorial regime. As the gates to the old Congress open to the Union delegates, the fate of the nation hangs in the balance...
The Anarchist Radicals
With Severino di Giovanni now serving as the acting chairman, the Anarchist Radicals of the USA have come out on top of the other factions decisively. With a very harsh stance on religion, inequality and nationalism, the Anarchists will attempt to sweep whatever remained from the old Argentina away, and make the Argentine territory a nation for all workers of the world.
Female Rights Debate
With the conservative regimes trying to keep women as separate from men for a long time, the coming of more liberal regimes over the years changed the outlook for many of them, leading to the creation of many feminist organisations and the inclusion of women in many areas like cinema with equal status. However, Giovanni wishes to take this a step further, and such matters will need to be discussed in the congress...
Confront the Church
Argentina de-facto has never been a secular country, with the church playing the role of a major power broker in politics. However, with the coming of the revolutionary regime, this is clearly at an end. With Severino's men at the ready to prosecute every member of the clergy in Argentina, it is only the congress that stands between them and the complete removal of the church from the nation...
Build a New Society
Now that the Congress' tasks have been completed, Severino has offered to pass a bill severely weakening the Congress, in exchange transferring most of its duties to a Federal council elected by regional councils. While that may reduce our control over the farthest regions of our nation, it will allow the more industrialised sectors to run more smoothly.
The Anarchist Moderates
With Soto remaining in his post of chairman, the USA remains on top of the other Trade Unions, and is now preparing to carry out sweeping changes to the nation. While ideologically driven, Soto is by far a pragmatist within the revolutionary movement, and he'll seek to compromise the anarchist ideals with the society he now has the duty to rebuild. Only time will tell whether this will be successful...
Moderate Decentralisation
While a compromising man, Soto is still an anarchist, and has therefore ordered for some of the responsibilities of the Congress to be delegated to local and regional councils, only keeping largely essential tasks for the central government. While the balance of power hasn't shifted as dramatically as originally envisioned, it still marks a change from the centralised nature of the Argentinian system.
War Preparations Bill
While it would be the wish of many anarchists to completely abolish the Congress, the truth is that there are many reactionary regimes glancing at our nation, waiting for a time of weakness to strike. As such, the Chairman has proposed a War Preparations Bill for the congress, extending his rule and the existence of the Congress indefinitely until 'The times of reactionary aggression are at an end'.
Root out Reactionaries
Our nation cannot be safe from foreign reactionaries if local reactionaries aid them in snuffing out our revolution. We can give these traitors no quarter, and as such, we shall stage a national effort to capture any and all who may threaten our revolution.
Knowledge Transfer To A New Generation
Perhaps our most valuable resource is the vast number of war veterans throughout our society. Though a lot of them are starting to become unfit for the harshness of the front lines, their wealth of knowledge must not go to waste. By assigning more of them to train the next generation of soldiers, we'll increase our training efficiency.
Defensive Measures
The revolutionary war taught us to rapidly prepare defences even with the slimmest resources and material at our disposal. If taught more broadly, these lessons could allow us to improve our fortification construction speed without cutting back on their effectiveness.
Federal Militia Recruitment Drive
While every region is free to have their own militia, we still require a federal army to fight against the reactionaries. The proposed solution to this by the regional councils is to 'draft' a percentage of their regional militias that will instead fight for us for a period of time agreed on with each council. While it may not provide for the best trained forces, it will certainly give us ideologically driven soldiers.
Reconciliate with the Church
With the Argentinian Catholic church having stood as a major power broker for decades, if not centuries dating back to the colonial era, it may be wise to re-approach them in order to secure our regime...
Pass Revolutionary Laws
With the coming of a revolutionary government, it is time for the congress to give the workers what they want. With the passing of worker friendly laws, like paid vacations, the creation of democratised workplaces, authorising handouts for the unemployed and disabled, we are sure to gain the support of the industrial workers of the nation!
Cooperate with the UC
The Union Civica, the coalition representing the Union Civica Radical and the Union Civica Radical Antipersonalista, have openly supported us, with many of their members joining the FORA to give our trade union extra weight in the Congress. As well, we had already been supportive of each other's policies over the years, and it is only right that now that we stand on top we give them a place in our government.
The Socialist Party Moderates
After decades of struggle, the Socialist party has finally managed to become the dominant force in Argentine politics. Unsurprisingly, it has been fairly well received by the public, as the Socialist party already had a history of sensible compromises and welfare bills, and it is expected that their rule, while not as radical as the other unions, will still try to reform our nation in favour of the workers.
Reinstate Municipal Elections
The Socialists were never in favour of reforming Argentina around the Trade Unions, and as such, have proposed a bill in the Congress to allow for the Municipalities to elect their officials once more unrestricted. While receiving harsh protests from the opposition, the majority of the socialist party ensures that the bill will not have any severe complications.
Hold Provincial Elections
As part of their efforts to restore the Argentine Republic back, the Socialists have proposed a bill that will allow the individual provinces that make up Argentina to vote for their governors once more. While they have had interim governors since the end of the civil war, it is now time for the people to give the role to someone of their choosing.
Restore the Suspended Constitution
The final step to fully bring back the Argentine Republic is to restore the constitution of 1898. While some revolutionaries may loathe its existence, our founder Juan B. Justo was a staunch defender of constitutionalism, and while the option to reform it to adapt it to our rule will remain on the table, we must first fully reintroduce it.
Expand the Hogar Obrero
The Hogar Obrero, a construction cooperative created by the founders of the PS back in 1905, has long since been the preferred housing company for the Socialists. With our government in power, we should expand their operations, and include them in public works programmes so that we can end homelessness in Argentina once and for all.
Establish a Free Market
The founder of the Partido Socialista, Juan B. Justo, was a loyal follower of the ideas of free trade and the wealth it brought. However, he was also mindful of how workers could be exploited out of their earnings. As their successors, we shall seek to establish a competitive internal free market, ensuring that only cooperatives or other forms of worker-favourable organisations can truly compete in it.
Maintain Revolutionary Democracy
Despite the pleas to return to the old constitution, the truth is that the revolution has changed Argentina forever. It'd be a mistake to return to the old system, and instead we should seek to consolidate the Socialists' power on the Trade Union Congress, as opposed to bringing back the old congress, regardless of how much that may insult other parties...
The Ugartistas
The Ugartistas, rising from a small club to a sizeable faction of the Socialists with the victory of the revolution, they seek a new approach to Socialism, one that merges the ideas of Argentine nationalism, American Anti Imperialism and other concepts like Agrarianism and Economic Democracy. Only time will tell whether this mix will work out for or against the new Chairman.
Introduction of Worker Self-Management
With the Chairman secure in power, he has decided to pass a bill on the Congress, asking to nationalise a series of key companies in Argentina. However, he has stated he does not wish to add them to the state machinery, but instead allow the workers to manage the company from now on.
Encourage Worker Cooperatives
In order to promote a smoother transition to a socialist economy, the chairman has proposed to hand out loans to entrepreneurial enterprises so long as they are managed by the workers. While the loans may not come cheap initially the rewards we will reap in the long term may be worth our investment.
Collaborate with the CGT
The Central General del Trabajo, nearly destroyed by the other unions for having collaborated with the older Argentinian regimes, is fully loyal to Baldomero's cause. As such, we should seek to reward their loyalty by giving attention to their requests, and granting some of their members access to our funds for some of their projects...
Encourage Patriotism
While a Socialist nation, Baldomero sustains that our fight against imperialism and capitalism didn't start in 1921, but in 1810 when our forefathers seceded from Spain. As such, the very image of Argentina stands as a testament to anti Imperialism. In order to further cement this idea to the public, he has launched an education and propaganda campaign so that every Argentine can be a patriot without shame!
United South American States
While we respect the Internationale's intentions towards world revolution, it is hard to trust our defence to nations that are so far away and that have had their cultures and histories tainted with so many acts of savage imperialism against our continent and many others. As such, we will look towards ourselves for protection, and start a new faction that will look after the South American nations.
Breadbasket of the Revolution
Argentina has been known for a long time now as the 'Granary of the world'. With the syndicalists in Europe in a warpath against the reactionaries, we need to utilise this strength of our nation to our allies advantage, and provide them with some much needed supplies.
The Communist Supremacy
Despite having suffered a major setback when the October Revolution failed in Russia, the Argentinian Communist party has managed to reach power regardless, and now holds the majority of the seats in the Congress. While their shared dream with the Bolsheviks of a new world order under a Communist banner may still be far away, this victory has certainly brought them one step closer.
Economic Aid for the Internationale
Argentina is hardly an industrial power comparable to Britain and France, but we have significant agricultural sector and rich natural resources. With proper convoy system, this material aid can reach the European coasts and support their struggle for the better world.
Join the Third Internationale
With our cities and industry rebuilt and the workers safe from Capitalist predation, we can once more turn our gaze towards the international revolutionary struggle. The hammer of Marx and the sickle of Lenin shall rise over the world as we bring the might of the Proletariat down upon the Capitalists.
Permanent Conscription Brigades
Conscription Brigades were adopted by Communist militias while we waited to attack the reactionaries. While some level of success was achieved, the revolutionary plans of the Communists require a larger military force, and so they have chosen to implement conscription brigades permanently, so our forces will have enough manpower to continue helping the World Revolution.
Begin Primitive Socialist Accumulation
With the writings of Yevgeni Preobrazhensky as background for our ideas, it is now time for our nation to jump from a strictly agrarian exporter to a major industrial hub. To do this, the state will appropriate the rural peasantry's surplus product in order to accumulate capital to promote industrialisation by monopolising the export of these products.
Militarisation of Labour
Following Leon Trotsky's theory of militarisation of labour, we shall begin drafting our citizens for auxiliary duties. While not everyone may be happy with this measure, it is their responsibility as a liberated working class from the yoke of the bourgeoisie to aid their fellow workers, and the state that protects them, to face off against the foes that may threaten it.
Submit Unions to State Machinery
While worker unions are important, proven by the fact that a group of revolutionary unions were able to overthrow the Argentinian regime, there's no denying that a time of crisis, sacrifices have to be made. Our nation needs to increase its production levels if it wishes to keep the foreign reactionaries away, and as such, the nation's unions should put their petty squabbles to rest and submit to the party.
Five Year Plan
With the first stepping stone towards industrialisation having been started, we still have a long way to go. In order to accelerate this process, we shall enforce a Five-year plan, with a series of goals to meet and investments to make.
Aid the World Revolution
As our commune slowly but surely stands up again with its own two feet, our comrades in Europe are now struggling for all the workers in the world, and as committed internationalists, it is our duty to aid them in their struggle so we may free all the workers of the world from the oppression of Capital.
Expand the Bureaucracy to the North
With a relatively successful economic bureaucracy established in the South during the revolution, now that we own the north, it is high time we began importing aspects of it to the newly liberated areas of the Argentine Commune.
Expropriate the Haute Bourgeoisie
While nationalisations of farmsteads and companies had already been part and parcel of living in Revolutionary Patagonia, the situation up in the north is far different. Vast swaths of land as well as many industries are owned not even by Argentine entrepreneurs but by magnates in Germany. This cannot be allowed to stand, and so the Congress will authorise the immediate nationalisation of these assets.
Formalise Laws
Many of the rules and guidelines we would follow in Patagonia weren't attached to any legal framework. However, we can take much of what we established and use it to help integrate many parts of Argentina.
National Land Reform
In an effort to deal with the rampant inequality in Argentina, we will undergo a national Land Reform scheme, which aims to reduce the property size of the large land owners, and to expand on the size of the small ones. This way, we can help even out the market and help the working class grow as there's more than enough land in Argentina to share.
Integrate Old Bureaucracy
While some would argue that integrating parts of the old Republican system in Argentina would be a mistake, the truth is that Argentina had taken a slight pro-Worker turn during the last three decades, only coming to a grinding halt with the Uriburu coup. As such, there are plenty of agencies we can simply just annex to our current administration.
Create the CSE
One of the major threats our nation now faces is that of foreign subversion. With many nations looking at us with evil intentions, we must stand fast and repel their efforts of deceit and treachery. For that, we will need to create an agency that will take care of such matters, and so we shall create the Comité para la Seguridad del Estado.
Education Reform
The last education reform in Argentina was undergone ages ago, and with reactionary lies still littering the books of today's youth, we will need to heavily revise the current curriculum. This could, if done properly, also ensure future generations don't see our regime with hostility, as many of their parents currently do...
Further the Social Revolution
Argentines have long had a fascination with old European aristocracy. This is what catalysed much of Buenos Aires to be remade in the image of Paris. However, this way of thinking paid no mind to workers, and as such, we should cultivate a new image for these structures, one of contemporary France and Britain. We are sure to slowly but steadily ingrain worker solidarity into Argentine culture!
Railway Expansion
While Argentina already has a railway network, to continue the industrial growth our industry railways should be expanded and modernised. This will also help with supplying our troops during the war.
Urban Development
The previous regime had taken steps to develop the industry of regions like Buenos Aires and Cordoba, but they were not enough. Too much of the development was left to the whims of the free market and capitalist exploitation, with the former regime now ousted we can begin a proper and revolutionary industrialisation befitting of the people.
Moderate Anarchist Development Scheme
The old capitalistic system of industrialisation was haphazard and only benefited the Bourgeois class' interests. Instead, we should hand the power and means of production to the workers themselves through a system of local councils who will democratically decide how to better develop their local economies.
Radical Anarchist Development Scheme
The capitalistic system of industrialisation was criminal in both its neglect of the worker, and its inability to satiate the demands of the people, but we shall change that. Not only will we develop an industry to serve Argentina, but also the workers of the world by promoting the most devoted to the world revolution to lead the workers councils that will freely and democratically guide Argentina towards its destiny.
Socialist Development Scheme
The capitalist system of economics is inherently predatory, but we can tame its excesses through the democratisation of the workplace through unionisation and workers cooperatives. A more mutualistic system will allow entrepreneurs to still innovate and develop, while giving the workers the ability to create an economy that serves the workers, rather than the greedy capitalists.
Communist Development Scheme
Learning from the experiences of Vladimir Lenin, we shall implement a policy of Central Planning. We cannot allow the haphazard development of any part of our economy and instead shall utilise a series of 5 year plans to achieve rapid growth and development.
Resource Exploitation Scheme
With the Argentinian industry slowly getting back and running, we are quickly running into raw material shortages as we surpass the pre-revolution standards. While importing will do for now, Argentina is a vast nation with untapped resources in many regions, and as such, a committee has been created by the Congress in order to organise the extraction of said resources.
§gAllows us to invite other South American syndicalist nations to our faction. The chances of them agreeing to join depend on their opinion on us.§!
§6Unlock decisions to:\n - £GFX_radical_socialist_texticon  Invite other South American socialist nations to our faction;\n - £GFX_in_combat  Attack reactionary regimes in South America;\n - £GFX_supply_texticon  Create organisation for economic cooperation;\n - £GFX_civ_factory  Make investments into our allies' industry;\n - £GFX_research_icon  Coordinate research efforts.§!
South American Socialist States
$FOP_united_south_american_states_desc$
Invite [From.GetNameDef] to the [Root.GetFactionName]
South American Socialist Research Cooperation
Invite [FROM.GetName] to South American Socialist Research Cooperation
Invest Into [FROM.GetAdjective] Economy
Industrial Support from South American Socialist States
Create the §YOrganisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
With our alliance expanding, we should expand the cooperation between members in economic sphere. Our economists Diego Abad de Santillan and Antonio de Tomaso have proposed a creation of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation - an organisation to provide a platform to compare policy experiences, seek answers to common problems, identify good practices and coordinate domestic and international policies of its members. It is a tempting idea that can bond the members of the alliance together but it will require a lot of investments before paying off.
Has created the §YOrganisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
§7Invites [THIS.GetName] to the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
Member of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation
Adds Modifier: §YMember of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!).\n\nFor each additional nation that joins the organisation this modifier will increase by ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!)
Industrial Support From South American Socialist States
Our comrades from South American Socialist States have provided us with industrial and financial support - machinery and tools were already delivered to [Root.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] together with qualified engineers to develop our industry.
Thanks comrades!
§gTo form Andesia, communist Patagonia should own territory of all South American countries except Brazil and Guyana. It is not necessary to set up military occupation on conquered territories; instead, puppet regimes can be installed in subjugated South American countries and later those puppets can be annexed via decisions.§!
Decided to form §oAndesia§!
Has not created §YAndesia§!
§OIf we join the Internationale, other members of the faction will be against us achieving the dream of Andesia until the Second Weltkrieg is over§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to form §oAndesia§!
All countries in §YAmerica§!:\n   Has socialist government
§O[FROM.GetName] has a socialist regime - although we can label them as 'reactionaries' and 'traitors of the Revolution' and attack them anyway, it will come at a price.§!
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YSouth America§! that don't have a socialist government
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YCentral America§! that don't have a socialist government
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YNorth America§! that don't have a socialist government
The internal resistance against §oAndesia§! has been eliminated
§YEconomical Chaos§! has been dealt with
American Scientific Treaty
Declare Andesia
The dream of [ROOT.GetLeader] has come true - all of Hispanic South America is now unified under the flag of Andesia. The question of whether this new socialist utopia will last or disintegrate after the dust settles is still up in the air.
First Andesian Congress
It's time: members of socialist movements from all across Andesia are gathering in Buenos Aires to decide the future of the continent. The congress, which will define Andesia's governmental structure and lay the groundwork for the state, will be headed over by Chairman [ROOT.GetLeader].
[FOP_AND_establish_local_governments_scripted]
Federalise Andesia
Empower the Central Government
[FOP_AND_establish_local_governments_desc_scripted]
Although the original concept theorised by Justo was to make Andesia a unitary state, members of socialist movements persuaded him to instead offer autonomy to Andesia's regions and turn it into a federation. This way, the new Pan-Hispanic state will be more stable since local governments will have more authority, but Argentina and Justo will have less power over Andesia.
Chairman Justo is determined to make Andesia a unitary country with no regional autonomy, instead subjugating the entire state to the government in Buenos Aires. Justo will have more control over the new Pan-Hispanic state in this manner, but there will undoubtedly be more resistance.
Spread Marxist Ideas
Let the ruling classes tremble at a Communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.\nWorking Men of All Countries, Unite!
Suppress Reactionaries
Unfortunately, not all Andesian people have accepted our ideals or at least ceased opposing them. Counterrevolutionaries continue to terrorise and cause mayhem. A strong [ROOT.GetAgency] should be able to track out and apprehend state opponents.
Embrace Andesia
Political turmoil is beginning to dissipate as governmental structures are established, ideology is propagated, and counterrevolutionaries are suppressed. Years will be needed to overcome the remaining resistance, but at least many of the issues have been resolved.
National Unification
Slowly but surely people of Andesia are embracing the idea of Pan-Hispanic harmony. The South American nations' union is strengthened by their shared foes, as well as by their shared history and culture.
Create Central Planning Committee
The Andesian economy is in disarray because, prior to their unification, South American countries had different economic systems. The government's top priority is to combine these systems to create a self-sufficient and efficient economy. The Central Planning Committee will be in charge of completing those objectives.
Economical Integration Programme
Andesia has radically varying climates, resources, and levels of industrialisation. Economical Integration Programme should help to reduce economic turmoil and increase economic efficiency - we have excellent manufacturing capabilities and a large market. It's time to connect them together.
Socialist Agricultural Reforms
One of our government's primary concerns is achieving self-sufficiency in food production. While broad collectivisation is not a possibility due to the high risk of revolts, we may modernise agriculture on new areas through mechanisation and the use of fertilisers. It may not entirely fulfil our political objectives, but it will keep our populace fed and prevent peasant revolts.
Andesian Industrialisation
With the food issue handled, the next phase in our economic plan is industrialisation. While we lack the means for widespread industrialisation, a more gradual method might be chosen to incrementally establish new factories in Andesian cities.
Defence Against Imperialism
The foundation of [ROOT.GetName] caught reactionaries off guard, but they are not sitting idle - foes are gathering along our borders, dreaming of our demise. It is time for socialists in America to get together and fight reactionaries!
Liberate Central America
We must liberate Central American nations and push reactionaries away from our northern borders!
Liberate South America
It is time to attack the remaining reactionaries in South America; we cannot afford for them to exist so near to the borders of Andesia.
Strike the Empires
To ensure Andesia's free future, all reactionaries in the Western Hemisphere must be eradicated. The war will be difficult, but if we win, the age of peace and prosperity may finally begin.
Liberated America
The entire American continent has been liberated, and the period of wealth for [ROOT.GetName] has begun. We will forge our bright future alongside comrades from other American countries.
Resistance to Andesia
Despite liberating most of Hispanic America from their Bourgeois capitalist and neo-colonial corrupt governments, we have faced steep resistance from the local population. From the mountains of Chile to the jungles of Ecuador and all the way up to the oil fields of Venezuela the people of our new glorious state still deny their shared common 'Andesian' ancestry and identity and so have taken up armed resistance in hopes of fracturing our socialist utopia.
Lingering Resistance to Andesia
The government's economic and political measures to unite Andesia have weakened the resistance.
Political Instability in Andesia
Although the majority of the opposition has been subdued, there remains a period of political instability caused by the formation of Andesia. Enough time should pass before the government can operate properly.
Economical Chaos
Merging the Economies Together
Andesian Red Army
Federalised Andesia
Unitary Andesia
Integrated Andesian State
The Andesia Project
'Andesia' - a dream of [ROOT.GetLeader] - is envisioned as a state that will unite Hispanic South America from mountains of Chile to oil fields of Venezuela under communist banner, with himself as a leader guiding the united South America to its better future...
Declare Andesia!
Following the independence of the United States of America in 1776 and Haiti in 1804, the struggle for independence by the Hispanic American countries sparked a sense of unification, especially in South America where were cooperative efforts under Simón Bolívar in the north and José de San Martín in the south.\nThe decay of South American Pan-Americanism came with nationalism rising in the region. The Central American Federation disintegrated in 1838, Venezuela and Ecuador withdrew from Gran Colombia in 1830, Argentina and Brazil fought continuously over Uruguay, all three countries defeated Paraguay in the Paraguayan War (1865-1870), and Chile defeated Peru and Bolivia in the War of the Pacific.\n20th century, however, brings unification ideas back to life. With imperialist powers attempting to subjugate the South American nations via economic dominance, political influence and military force, [ROOT.GetLeader] feels that the only way for Hispanic America to defend itself against imperialism is by forging a united South-American front.\nA new entity, 'Andesia', is envisioned by [ROOT.GetLeader] as a state that will unite Hispanic South America from mountains of Chile to oil fields of Venezuela under communist banner, with himself as a leader guiding the united South America to its better future...
A Question of Andesia
Following the independence of the United States of America in 1776 and Haiti in 1804, the struggle for independence by the Hispanic American countries after 1810 sparked a sense of unification, especially in South America where there were cooperative efforts under Simón Bolívar in the north and José de San Martín in the south.\n\nThe decay of South American Pan-Americanism came in the 19th century with nationalism rising in the region. The Central American Federation disintegrated in 1838, Venezuela and Ecuador withdrew from Gran Colombia in 1830, Argentina and Brazil fought continuously over Uruguay, all three countries joined forces to defeat Paraguay in the Paraguayan War (1865-1870), and Chile defeated Peru and Bolivia in the War of the Pacific.\n\n20th century, however, brings Hispanoamericanist ideas back to life. With imperialist powers attempting to subjugate the South American nations via economic dominance, political influence and military force, [ROOT.GetLeader] feels that the only way for Hispanic America to defend itself against imperialism is by forging a united South-American front.\n\nA new entity, 'Andesia', is envisioned by [ROOT.GetLeader] as a state that will unite Hispanic South America from mountains of Chile to oil fields of Venezuela under communist banner, with himself as a leader guiding the united South America to its better future. Will we strive to achieve this utopia?
Yes - time to unite South America!
It is only a dream...
Declaration of Andesia
Today we celebrate the Andesia Declaration, which unifies all of Hispanic South America under one banner, from the highlands of Chile to the jungles of Ecuador, all the way up to Venezuela's oil fields! This astounding achievement was made possible by a series of wars, and today there is a parade in Buenos Aires with victorious Argentine troops marching across the city and saluting members of high command and, of course, Chairman Justo. From humiliated and starved revolt survivors to the hegemon of South America, it may sound like a fairy tale, but it has become a reality.
Long live Chairman Justo! Long live Andesia!
The First Andesian Congress
Members of socialist parties from all across Andesia have been invited to the First Andesian Congress in Buenos Aires. The four-week congress will determine the governmental organisation of Andesia and create the basis for the state.\n\nThe main question for the Congress is to define the governing system. Chairman Justo's plan is to establish Andesia a unified country with no regional autonomy, although most socialist movement members prefer Andesia to be a federation. Justo will have more authority over Andesia under a unitary government, and he will encounter less opposition under a federal system. After several days of discussions, the Chairman's decision is:
Federalism will ensure Andesia's stability!
Unitary system is pushed by Justo.
The Revolutionary Army
Our army has gone from their humble beginnings as a struggling militia to the heroic vanguard that liberated Buenos Aires. Their respite will be short, however, as the reactionaries surrounding us want nothing more than to take our hard-fought freedom away from us. We must prepare for the conflicts that lie ahead by properly organising this fighting force.
Focus on Decentralisation
Instead of relying on a rigid top-down command structure, ours is an army of the people that can act on their own initiative. By giving them the freedom they need to strike while the iron is hot instead of dealing with military bureaucracy we'll further bolster the potential of our militias.
Keep the Militias
The red militias and guerrillas won the last war and they'll win the next one as well. Instead of adopting the failed doctrines of our vanquished oppressors, we'll use the resources of our new state to strengthen the force that won us our freedom in the first place.
Command Structure Reorganisation
After removing the restrictive nature of a conventional military hierarchy, ours is an army of the people that fights for the people. It's an army of revolutionary workers that fight for a just cause rather than lofty ambitions and an army of peasants that know how to be self-sufficient without relying on barked orders.
A Rifle for Every Man
The eagerness that our people have shown to join the ranks of our militia means that our enlistment offices often have more volunteers than we have guns in our armouries. To rectify this problem, we must fine-tune our production of rifles so that we can arm every single aspiring revolutionary in Argentina!
A Red Army
The militias may have won the day thanks to our resolve and cunning. Going forward, however, we ought to convert this underdog guerrilla force into a professional standing army able to take the fight to the enemy.
Socialist Military Industry
Our revolutionary army began as we made our own weapons in our homes and workshops to guard against the oppressors. With the full resources of the state behind it, we're now able to build a fully-fledged military industry to support the expansion of our revolutionary army.
An Army of Professionals
Continuing with our reforms, we'll gradually turn our hardened militias into a disciplined army, combining the best qualities of the old and new system. When we're finished, our army will be one made out of professional, well-drilled soldiers led by the finest officers that emerged from the revolutionary war.
No Quarter for Counter-Revolutionaries
Our army's unique background as an guerrilla army means that most of our officers have a great deal of experience as insurgents. Since they know every trick in the book, that means that they also know how to break any kind of counter-revolutionary insurgency should they form in lands that we've liberated.
Establish a New Hierarchy
A decentralised force can win battles on a tactical level, but on a strategic level it's often no better than an angry mob. As we have no shortage of experienced leaders, we should be able to create a new command structure with officers hand-picked out from the most experienced units to lead our new army.
Militarisation of Electronics
While it's been a historically underdeveloped sector of Argentine industry, our military has made it clear that it wishes to modernise the electronics that we produce so that they may be used to enhance the efficiency of our armed forces and our R&D departments. Perhaps we should allocate some funds towards these endeavours?
Colegio Militar de la Revolución
Because of its foundation as an insurrectionist army, our forces have primarily evolved through trials by fire. With the Buenos Aires military college under our control, however, it's time that we started to use its facilities to train the next generation of our revolutionary vanguard.
Copy Foreign Models
Our war for liberation led to countless thousands of guns and other pieces of equipment flooding into our country from the European powers. Studying these weapons and using that as a blueprint for future arms production would allow us to more rapidly catch up with the foreign arms industries.
No Forts Left Standing
Since the inception of our army we've had a difficult time overcoming enemy field fortifications. By modernising both our field artillery pieces and the equipment used by our engineers our army will be far more potent on the offensive.
Expand the Vanguard
The many types of extreme battlefield conditions that we face necessitates that we allow for an expansion of our special forces branch. They will continue to serve as the vanguard for our revolutionary struggle and their skills will continue to save the lives of our regular infantrymen.
Protecting the Andes
Because of the vast amounts of mountains that surround us, deploying specialist forces trained to overcome these harsh geographic conditions and armed with modern equipment would give us an edge in future conflicts in such terrain.
CITERA
The ever increasing needs of our army to improve its equipment has necessitated the establishment of a research institute devoted solely for the technological advancements of the armed revolutionary struggle.
Crossing the Rivers
From the many wide rivers in Argentina all the way up to the Amazon rain forests, there are many inhospitable and dangerous potential battlefields for our army to surmount. Rather than frivolously wasting the lives of our soldiers, we'll leave these jobs to our army's most elite forces.
Rapid Coast Guard Expansion
We must restore our coast guard with all haste. Traditionally it's acted to help us protect our fishing industry, but going forward the threat of war means that we need to make sure our long coastline is protected from hostile ships and submarines.
The Second Dreadnought Race
The Argentine navy used to be the mightiest in South America. If we are to reclaim the Atlantic from the capitalists we must reclaim this role and build a mighty fleet of capital ships once again. Our shipyards will have to toil day and night if we are to win the second South American dreadnought race!
An Army Extension
The primary function of the air force should be to support our army as it carries the torch of the revolution forward. As such, we'll focus on close support planes that will devastate the opposition on land.
An Independent Air Force
Rather than being there to supplement an existing branch, we'll let our air force focus on its natural strengths. As such, the air force will be its independent branch of our military, focusing on aerial supremacy and the destruction of our enemy's strategic targets.
Armada de los Pueblos
After reclaiming all Argentine lands we must now reclaim the seas as well. By formally founding the People's Navy and establishing its basic institutions we'll take our first bold step towards doing so.
Escuela Naval Militar
Towards the end of the war the institutional knowledge of the old regime vanished along with it. If we want our navy to be able to challenge the reactionaries in the Atlantic ocean in the future we must restore the old naval college under a loyal administration so that we can teach the next generation of naval officers.
Argentinian Navy Schematics
At the end of the war, the old regime fleet capitulated to us as we marched towards victory. We were able to capture naval schematics of Argentinian navy so we can rebuild and expand the revolutionary fleet.
Revive ASTARSA
Argentina's history as a naval power came to an abrupt end when the old regime scuttled its fleet at the end of the revolutionary war. Bringing back their old shipbuilding facilities and using them to serve the revolution should be our top priority if we are to contest the Atlantic once more.
British Naval Assistance
The Union of Britain boasts the greatest revolutionary navy in the world and the richest naval traditions in the Internationale. Thanks to the ties developed with our revolutionary comrades, they're ready to send a handful of engineers our way to oversee our naval modernisation programme.
Cut the Arteries of Capitalism
Our navy won't be able to match those of the capitalists fast enough to make a difference in the conflicts in our near future. Fighting with limited means and striking our enemies from the shadows suits us just fine, however. We did it in the forests and mountains, and we'll do it at sea as well!
Fuerza Aérea de la Comuna Argentina
As of now, our air force programme is in its initial phases. Our first goal should be to formally found the air force of [FOP.GetNameDef] and set up the institutions necessary for us to start painting the skies red!
British Pilot Instructors
One of the important aspects of building competent airforce is pilots training. We don't have experienced aviators but our British comrades do.
Secure the Skies
We have a lot of catching up to do before we can liberate the skies from the capitalists. By diverting extra funds to the development of more advanced fighter models the days of hiding in forests whenever an enemy plane appears will soon be over.
Develop New Bombers
In the past, our enemies grew accustomed to bomb us with impunity. We were weaker back then, and now that we've grown stronger it's time that we returned the favour by developing our own bomber craft to support our war effort.
Expand the Air Force Academy
Our army has held a role of primacy as far as our military education goes. As such, we've been able to produce a far smaller amount of quality air officers than most of our peers. If we don't want to be outdone by the imperialists, we must devote more resources to improve their training.
Sink their Ships
As a good portion of the Argentine navy was sunk or scuttled during our revolution, our enemies have both a numerical and technological advantage over our navy. Our air marshals believe that this shortcoming can be rectified by using torpedo bombers to interdict the enemy's fleets.
Radar Research
Needless to say, by only detecting the enemy's planes when they're above us means that we've caught them too late. By researching and developing radar technology we'll be able to receive early warnings of any incoming enemy forces well ahead of time.
Strategic Bomber Development
Heavy bombers will lay waste to the imperialists. They will have no forts to protect them, no factories to produce their weapons of oppression, no railroads to ferry their troops across. By paralysing their war effort we'll make victory all but certain.
The Revived Monarchy
While simply unthinkable up to a few months ago, the Patagonian royal family, has returned to the Patagonian region as the new rulers of the area, its power restored like a southern phoenix. While the Argentines may weep at the sight of such an insult, it is only a correction of a historical error, a cause our monarch spent years defending, and the people of Patagonia finally have a nation to call their own, away from the tyrannical yoke of Buenos Aires.
Securing Legitimacy
King Bernard understands that, while his position has been secured in the aftermath of the war, he still requires the compliance of the local population to carry out a successful rule, and is now on the lookout for allies to the new regime. Thankfully, not only the local natives have long resented the rule imposed on them for decades, but our influence abroad can secure funds and the clout necessary to gather these groups under our umbrella.
The Sociedad Caupolicán
The Sociedad Caupolicán Defensora de la Araucanía has been one of the largest Mapuche organisations in recent times, and with the restoration of the Patagonian monarch recognised by the Mapuche peoples, it should be no surprise that King Bernard is contacting them to cement his rule. While there are ceremonial and administrative issues to deal with, they can with certainty become of the cornerstones of the political life of our new kingdom.
The Federación Araucana
The Federación Araucana, one of the newer political forces among the Mapuche community, has quickly grown into relevance with the restoration of the Kingdom. As such, it could be beneficial for both of us to close ties and cooperate for the sake of restoring stability to Patagonia, while also asserting ourselves as not just another occupying force, but as a government of law, justice and order unlike those the folk of these lands had to endure for so long.
Restore the Teaching of Mapuche Language
Despite the resistance of the Mapuche people, Spanish was introduced as the hegemonic language in the region when they were soundly defeated during the Desert War. However, with the recreation of the monarchy, such neglect cannot be allowed, and the teaching of both languages will ensure that the oblivion Buenos Aires desired for the Mapuche language never comes to pass, while keeping existing Spanish education ensures good relations with nearby nations.
Status of the Foreigners
Without the obligation to import colonists that Argentina has, questions have been brought up about the status of immigration in our fledgling state. Our lands are certainly not very populated, but there is a real concern among nativist groups that an excess of people may arrive from Europe, fleeing the terrors of war and Syndicalism. Whether fully allowing settlers to come or restricting them in some fashion, however, is up for the King and his advisory council to decide.
The Religious Issue
While most of the lands of South America are unanimously, or almost entirely so, Catholic, the generations of immigrants from Europe and the native populations all profess different faiths than that of the Spanish, or even our Monarch itself. While a state absolutely cannot lack an official faith to guide it, we should be careful as to not alienate those who live in these lands and call it home, for the realm can ill afford unrest in these troubling times.
A Legacy of Survival
It is said that the harshest of lands create the hardiest of peoples. While Patagonia never had the wealth of the Incas, our people for centuries fought them back, and the Spaniards afterwards, were kept at bay from out lands thanks to our bravery and hardiness. Not with superior numbers, but by learning and adapting to the changing conditions of warfare. Not only by bravery a people endures, for that we did not lack in the previous century, but with force of arms as well.
Economic Development
These lands have faced much war and hardship over the last decades, and the situation was further aggravated by years of rule under red brigands and looters. We have a unique chance of not only rekindling the spirit of the nation, but to restore its wealth and standard of living, and go even further beyond into prosperity. However, every journey starts with small steps, and the King and his advisors must deliberate on which paths to take on this road.
Safeguarding Silversmithing
As with most cultural habits of the native peoples of the southern edges of the land, the renowned silversmiths of the Mapuche have been impoverished and oppressed since the conquest of this land. Few remain that know the art, but most of them are old masters, that, if found, can be of immense help to further our efforts to protect the culture and way of life of the peoples of our realm.
Agrarian Reforms
After the syndicalist brigands overran most of Patagonia, those who owned land and herds found themselves in dire states. Much of their possessions were 'collectivised', that is, stolen and ran into the ground by socialists who don't know the first thing about the lay of the land. By making sure the lands go back to their rightful owners, not only can we right a moral wrong, but we can use their expertise to immensely improve the wealth of the realm.
Industrialisation
Never has manufacture taken a hold in these lands, much less large scale factories, as development was impossible under the constant oppression and mismanagement from Buenos Aires. A centralised plan is needed to improve our economic situation and safeguard the future of our state, but even such grand plans often have humble beginnings, and we should start by making basic factories of the most essential goods first and foremost.
The Old Ways
Ours is a harsh land, where agriculture is difficult, and fertile land rare, and as such much of our wealth comes from the herds of sheep and the fishing in the coasts of the south. Once booming industries whose wealth attracted immigrants the world over, years of syndicalist mismanagement and violence have kept the land from being developed to its full potential, and still owned by very few.
A Brave New World
The relatively barren lands of Patagonia have little to offer for large scale cash crops, but in the modern world, wealth comes not from such methods, nor hunting or fishing, but from the great fires and rising buildings of industry. Our monarch's contacts abroad, coupled with the low labour costs and tax burdens, should be enough to kickstart industrial plants in the major cities of the Kingdom, and bring Patagonia to the 20th century.
A New Army
While our people has a brave warrior tradition, an honourable legacy from times of gallantry, times have changed. Now, modern machines of war can dwarf any effort an unequipped man can pour in the battlefield, as there is little bravery can do to pierce the plating of enemy armour. We need to prepare our soldiers, brave and few as they are, as to ensure that our efficiency in battle is maximised, and our new kingdom is not brought to ruin so soon after its re-establishment.
Our Army Traditions
The greatest defence of the kingdom is its people and its land. Inhospitable to most outsiders, the chilling polar winds, the high mountains, and the vast steppes are the first and most important line of defence of the tribes. Our people have defeated the great Spanish and Inca empires in war by outsmarting the juggernauts and ferociously countering their so-called plans of conquest with daring raids and sabotage operations, in preparation for decisive battles.
Restore the Kollellaullin Training
For centuries a closed guarded secret, the ways of close quarters combat of the Mapuche peoples can be now taught to anyone under the King's service. While the process is arduous, we will ensure that the men enlisted will be more effective in close quarters, and the training will help instil the needed discipline in the limited number of men at our disposal.
Request French Military Mission
Much like Patagonia, France found itself occupied by syndicalist brigands who sought to destroy the nation, its culture, and its faith. Many of the righteously outraged officers moved elsewhere, becoming exiles in either Algiers or across the courts of Europe and the palaces of the Americas. By formally establishing posts to recruit officers and attract technical and planning personnel, we can ensure the realm's military is capable of defending the nation from the dangers abroad.
A New Cavalry
The great plains and steppes of Patagonia are suitable for the training and raising of horses, but also for their continuous use in battle. In these places where no road was ever imagined crossing, the great machines find themselves at a disadvantage, but luckily for the King and his allies, our horsemen not only will know the lay of the land, but receive training to perform in even the harshest climatic conditions, so the riders of the south can once again prove their worth in combat.
The Status of Mapuche Culture
Decades of persecution damage a culture in many ways. Some are visible, like the abandoned villages and stolen artefacts, but others, more subtle, such as the loss of oral tradition, knowledge, and language - all of which were almost ruined by the Castilian occupation and their active persecution of native cultures. Now, with the crown's authority protecting the people, the culture of the Mapuche can properly be recorded for future generations to come.
Summon a Native Congress
In order to establish a proper ruling body for the Kingdom as a whole, we need not only Mapuche representatives, but ones from all tribes under the protection of the crown, great and small. With the envoys of all the tribes, peoples and organisations gathered, we will form a Royal Council which will help His Majesty while he adjusts himself to his new country, by taking on several administrative tasks and roles for him.
A Trading Tradition
As the communities in the area now ruled by our Kingdom were traditionally small, trade was needed to maintain the flow of goods between the small realms of tribes that encompassed it. While times have certainly changed, our strategic position at the very edge of the world is once again an advantage, as the constant turmoil across the North Atlantic increases shipping traffic in the far south, putting our realm and its ports in a uniquely advantageous position.
Demand Repatriation of Mapuche Artefacts
The poverty imposed by the cruel measures of the occupying colonisers drove many chiefs and holy men and women to sell their most prized possessions to be able to simply eat. Silverware, weapons, art; all taken away to be shown as some curiosity to arrogant men in Buenos Aires. Thankfully, His Majesty knows that requesting these artefacts back is a trivial matter, considering the current situation and proper subjugation of the former oppressors.
Port Expansion for Natives
While for a long time the ports of Patagonia were designed by immigrants, for immigrants, now the time has arrived to make sure the riches of the sea belong to Patagonia's people. While much was damaged, even more destroyed, in the wars that ravaged the land, we will rebuild and persevere, as the folk living in the former land of giants become giants in their own right, riding above the tempestuous waves of the southern Atlantic.
Royal Personality Cult
The figure of our king is not one widely known to the populace, not only due to his limited grasp of the language, but because much of his work to restore the kingdom was done behind the scenes. Thus, his lifelong struggle for Patagonia often passed as a quest for personal ambition rather than duty and selflessness. As we establish more and more schools throughout the country, we cannot neglect the need to remind the people of the great life and cause of Antoine, King of Patagonia.
Basic Military Production
While we have many allies abroad that can supply us with weapons in times of need, the fact is that the nation remains at permanent risk, until we have at least a minimum degree of self sufficiency in our weapons manufacturing. While truthfully, the numbers won't be high, the numbers of our small and elite military are also not, and as such, we predict that even small plants can supply our forces locally to perform at an optimal level.
Proclaim the King as Permanent Toqui
While traditionally, the role of Toqui was one of the military commander in chief, elected by the tribes in times of war, the Crown is now the main guardian and defender of the peoples of the region, and as such, is the de facto toqui, perhaps the greatest of them in history. By solidifying the powers and roles of the monarch with primarily native than foreign titles, we can ensure that even our government itself is safeguarding the lifestyle and culture of the native peoples.
Legacy of Toki Leftraru
Every nation has a hero, a founding figure of chivalry, honour, and ideals that stands the test of time. The greatest of all Toquis, the man known to the Europeans as Lautaro, fought the greatest empire in human history and won, leading the Mapuche people to victory in key engagements. His work uniting the tribes, and laying the foundations which our monarchs would later build upon, cannot, and should never be, forgotten by those who now reap the fruits of his labour.
Status of Kindred Native Tribes
While considered the main native group of Patagonia, the Mapuche are not the only natives of Patagonia. The Chewel Che, who lived here even before the Mapuche, are a broad group of locals who inhabit western Patagonia, and who have suffered even more than the Mapuche during the occupation. However, their very name is an exonym, a Mapuche word for 'hardy people', and they will endure, but now, they have their native kin to help defend and guard their rightful lands.
Diplomatic Connections
Our King, while in his lifelong exile, spent much of his time making friends in high and low places across the courts and palaces on both sides of the Atlantic. Even more important, news of our people's plight, which only grew under the rule of the bandits of the Worker's Front, has garnered great amounts of good will among foreigners, and such, our struggle to rebuild the nation will find many ready allies across the world.
§RAll national spirits and offmap factories that are added by focuses in this tree are removed upon winning the conflict against Argentina.§!
§gForeign volunteers are returning home:§!
§gApply the following effect if they agree to send more support:§!
§gApply one of the following effects depending on our army idea:§!
§OVictory against reactionaries has been achieved and the county is united once again, but much work must be done before Argentinian nation is unified, economy - rebuilt and all enemies of the state - eradicated.§!
§OWhat could possibly go wrong?§!
§HAfter taking this focus, the Socialist Party will hold internal elections in 60 days!§!
§CWe shall now determine the direction of our nascent state and the status of the revolution.§!
§gWe will hold municipal elections soon.§!
§gWe will hold provincial elections soon.§!
§CWe will restore the suspended Constitution and declare ourselves the Republic of Argentina.§!
§RThe revolution shall continue and the old order shall be relegated to the footnotes of Argentinian history.§!
§CThe old bureaucracy can be repurposed to help integrate Argentina. What was once an unjust system to oppress the farmers and workers of Argentina can now be used to empower them!§!
§g$unlocks_decisions$ to build new §Yfactories§! as a baseline for future industrialisation§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §rModerate Anarchist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §rRadical Anarchist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §RSocialist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §oCommunist plan§!
§OThe Second Weltkrieg is over§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to infiltrate Argentinean states.\n§OInfiltration should be performed before the war starts.\nWe may find less success with infiltration if Argentina strengthens its counter-espionage.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to prepare sabotage of Argentinean railways in infiltrated states.
§7Upon the start of the conflict with Argentina we will be able to sabotage railways in this region.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to prepare resistance cells in infiltrated states.
§7Upon the start of the conflict with Argentina we will be able to start terror campaign in this region, blowing up factories and distracting troops in the area.§!
Modify §H$FOP_hogar_obrero_expansion$§! or §H$FOP_introduction_of_worker_selfmanagement_idea$§! by\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|=%0+]
We have nothing to spare for [FOP.GetNameDef].
£manpower_texticon §H10000§! £war_support_texticon §H5%§!
£manpower_texticon §R10000§! £war_support_texticon §R5%§!
It costs $FOP_anti_syndie_rebellion_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
Any [ARG.GetAdjective] state was §Hsuccessfully sabotaged§!.
Any [ARG.GetAdjective] state has §Hactive resistance cells§!.
Steel Refining has continued
Oil extraction has continued
Agreed to cooperate with §YUnion Civica§!
Ongoing Infiltration Mission
Ongoing Sabotage Mission
Ongoing Resistance Mission
Coast Guard Expansion
Undersea Expansion
Dreadnought Expansion
Navy Expansion
Fallout of the Morality Bill
The New Status Quo
Patagonian Population Survey
With the Patagonian Population Survey results now in, we were able to find several spots in Patagonia that had been unaccounted for. Mostly just rural villages in the farthest corners of the frontier, but they will nonetheless supply some useful manpower for our armies.
Conscription Brigades
Mass Recruited Force
Mass Conscription Drawbacks
Women at Arms
Mass Recruitment Scheme
Improvised Weaponry
International Force
Unconventional Supply Networks
Mandatory Militia Training
Organise the Troops
Patagonian Defence Force
Administrative Chaos
Resistance to Socialism
Resource Exploitation
Decentralised Military
Economic Fallout of the Revolution
Revitalised Industry
Widespread Toleration
Footsoldiers of the Revolution
The CSE
Restored Constitution
Revolutionary Democracy Maintained
Argentinian Food Shipments
Argentinian Limited Material Aid
Argentinian Material Aid
Argentinian Extensive Material Aid
Argentinian Material Aid for The Internationale
Industrial Factory Donations: §G2% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
Industrial Factory Donations: §G5% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
Industrial Factory Donations: §G10% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
§7Assist both §Y[ENG.GetNameWithFlag]§! and §Y[FRA.GetNameWithFlag]§! in their struggle against reactionaries with food supplies and material assistance. We are able to select, how much can we spare, starting from:§!
§7And scaling up to:§!
§7We will receive §Y$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$§!: §G+5%§! - §G+20%§! depending on selected option.§!
New Socialist Hierarchy
Revolutionary Breadbasket
Militarised Labour
Economic Democracy
Hogar Obrero Expanded
Revolutionary Laws
War Anarchism
Female Equality
A New Society
Foreign-Owned Factories
Expropriating the Foreign-Owned Factories
Primitive Collectivisation
Nationalised Foreign Railways
Infrastructure Expansion
Native Support
Mapuche Code Talkers
Improved Agriculture
Foreign Contacts
European Model Force
A Mapuche Force
Native Figurehead
Native Idol
A United Kingdom
Patagonian Resistance
Illegitimate Republic
The First Five Year Plan
Producing Guns for Patagonia
Due to our lack of stockpile to provide for our revolutionary friends in Patagonia, we've redirected part of our production to them for the moment.
§gUnlocks the ability to cooperate with §lUnion Civica Radical§! and §cUnion Civica Radical Antipersonalista§! to restore democracy in Argentina§!
Resistance Cells
Rebellion!
Despite the belief that a revolution in the arid wastes of Patagonia would be impossible, the Frente Obrero Patagonico has managed to endure against all odds. Thanks to an opportune Chilean intervention forcing Argentina to accept the new status quo or face a war unprepared at a time of great economic hardship, the FOP has managed to grow in numbers, drawing people disillusioned with the old regime in Argentina. However, the ties that bind the different factions in the FOP are thinner than they look from afar, and perhaps victory in the civil war will only be the match that will set off the powder keg...
GFX_FOP_intro
The Revolutionary Fires
Argentina was in a state of chaos during the Weltkrieg, with British companies exploiting its people and resources to get everything they could for the war. This lead to unrest throughout the nation, but especially in the south of the country, in Patagonia. Extremely poor working conditions brought the rise of Socialism and Syndicalism, with thousands of people refusing to work and rioting through the streets. The British forced the Argentinian government to intervene, turning riots into rebellion during the events that led to the Semana Tragica. The situation only escalated further and further from there, with the LP growing in strength in the main cities, particularly with the Buenos Aires City Oligarchy.\n\nHowever, deep in the south of Argentina, a new type of unrest grew. What started as a simple strike of rural workers became a general strike in the south, demanding for the payment of wages that had been due for months and the improvement of working conditions. While an agreement was reached at first with the creation of the 'First Rural Agreement of the Patagonia', when the land owners didn't keep their promises, the workers started another general strike, forcing an armed retaliation by an expedition lead by Lieutenant Colonel Hector Benigno Varela. The workers, trusting Varela after he had helped create the first agreement, would try to negotiate with the officer, only to be met with a dreadful realisation: Varela was there to demand nothing more than unconditional surrender of the strikers, and he was willing to shoot all who opposed to keep control of the Patagonia.
The Patagonia Rebelde
The workers, rallied behind the figure of Antonio Soto and Jose 'Facon Grande' Font, decided that the time for revolution was now. Despite the disarmament clause in the original Rural Agreement, most of Soto's anarchists had left their weapons to Alfredo 'El Toscano' Fonte, after he and many other more radical 'anarchists' refused the agreement, and so Soto found himself having to ally with the Patagonian bandit in order to get the equipment to arm the workers to fight.\n\nAfter the initial victories of the Army, the workers dealt a decisive victory at La Anita farm, and with the coordination of the FORA through telegraph lines and message runners, the Second Great Patagonic Strike only grew and grew in strength, with the Argentine army being unable to deal with it without sparking heavy political backlash in the capital for the popular UCR in power.
The Contemporary Frente Obrero Patagonico
Many years later, the fires of the revolution continue to burn in Patagonia. Chile had to step in and protect the FOP from the north, and so holds much sway in how the nation is run. Antonio Soto, leader of FORA and one of the main participants in the revolution, has lead the nation ever since, leading a loose and fragile coalition of Anarchists, Communists and Radical Socialists. Due to political instability, proper elections have not been held yet, however Soto has promised to step down from his position once the crisis with Argentina ends, whatever the result may be.\n\nThere are worries that the election won't take place in time, for due to the rise of Carlés in the north, people fear that an invasion will happen soon. However, with the Patagonic Strike being seen as the beacon of anarchism and socialism by many, international support both by the Internationale and by willing anarchists and exiled Bolsheviks alike is not in short supply, and so the workers that may appear to be stranded in such an apparent desolate wasteland like Patagonia may still stand a chance...
§MSindicatos - Radicales§! / §MSindicatos - Moderados§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot To have the radicals win, have Giovanni achieve the majority in the USA elections; to go moderate, have Soto and Arango achieve victory.\n£white_dot Have more Syndicalist popularity than Radical Socialist or Totalist once the focus \
[FOP.GetNameDefCap] Calls for Chilean Volunteers
We have just received word from our neighbours in Patagonia that they are requesting we send them volunteers for their upcoming war against the core Argentinian government. We have promised that we will aid them in their future war, and they are our chance to defeat the Argentine menace. However, we also need to cover our own fronts in the Paso de los Libertadores and in the Atacama Region. How should we react?
Send them volunteers.
What benefit do we gain? Refuse them.
Chile Sends Volunteers
Chile has decided to send us volunteers to help us in our upcoming war against Argentina.
Their forces will be valued greatly.
Chile Refuses to Send Volunteers
Although claiming to be our ally, Chile has refused to send us any volunteers before war breaks out.
We will not forget this.
[FOP.GetNameDefCap] Requests Manpower
[FOP.GetNameDefCap] has requested that we aid their struggle by sending them volunteers. Soon they will face war with the reactionary Argentinian government, and they need to be prepared for when it happens. If they succeed, they can become a permanent foothold of Syndicalism in South America.
We will send men with equipment.
We will send volunteers but without equipment.
South America is too far away...
The Hannaford Idea
Guillermo Mac Hannaford, an ex-army major of the Argentinian military, has been condemned to a lifetime in prison for seemingly betraying the reactionary Argentinian Military and leaking official documents to Paraguay and Chile. Luckily for us, insiders in the Argentinian military have indicated that he'll be transported to the Prisión Regional del Sur, a high security prison in the territory of Neuquén, which conveniently sits less than a few hundred kilometres from our border.\n\nUnexpectedly, many of the different factions of our military have jumped at the chance of presenting plans to recover this would-be revolutionary from the reactionary grasp. While some of them are insanely optimistic, the ones that have stood out the most have been a proposal by Buenaventura Durruti's 'Avengers', which suggests utilising a militia attack as a distraction in the Viedma Area to act as a diversion for a full-scale breakthrough into the prison. In stark opposition of this plan, comrade Iosif Stalin, in his experience, has suggested us to pick a smaller team to infiltrate the area, with a couple of columns on standby to assist in case the situation escalates, and instead rescue the officer. The last proposal to be seriously considered, thrown in by Marc Augier, is to simply send a column in the prison's general direction, and let the officers in charge deal with whatever challenges lie ahead.\n\nEach plan carries its own risk for us, unfortunately. While Durruti and Stalin's experience as bank robbers and terrorists in Spain and Russia gives them some pedigree in this kind of covert operations, there's no denying we can't exactly commit all the resources they ask of us. By contrast, while the Augier plan is less reliable on paper as the column may just collapse and scatter, it's certainly helping us commit fewer assets to what's essentially a non-priority target. What should the Revolutionary Committee favour?
Guillermo Mac Hannaford, an ex-army major of the Argentinian military, has been condemned to a lifetime in prison for seemingly betraying the reactionary Argentinian Military and leaking official documents to Paraguay and Chile. Luckily for us, insiders in the Argentinian military have indicated that he'll be transported to the Prisión Regional del Sur, a high security prison in the territory of Neuquén, which conveniently sits less than a few hundred kilometres from our border.\n\nUnexpectedly, many of the different factions of our military have jumped at the chance of presenting plans to recover this would-be revolutionary from the reactionary grasp. While some of them are insanely optimistic, the ones that have stood out the most have been a proposal by Buenaventura Durruti's 'Avengers', which suggests utilising a militia attack as a distraction in the Viedma Area to act as a diversion for a full-scale breakthrough into the prison. In stark opposition of this plan, comrade Marc Augier suggests simply sending a column in the prison's general direction, and letting the officers in charge deal with whatever challenges lie ahead.\n\nEach plan carries its own risk for us, unfortunately. While Durruti's experience as bank robbers and terrorists in Spain gives him some pedigree in this kind of covert operations, there's no denying we can't exactly commit all the resources they ask of us. By contrast, while the Augier plan is less reliable on paper as the column may just collapse and scatter, it's certainly helping us commit fewer assets to what's essentially a non-priority target. What should the Revolutionary Committee favour?
Give Durruti what he asks.
Comrade Stalin will have our resources.
Go through with Augier's plan.
This is a waste of time.
Hannaford Rescued!
Our mission was a great success, with us successfully getting Hannaford out of prison alive, as well as most of our troops. Our troops ran circles around the Argentinian garrison and it is not only a military success, but a moral victory as well. If we keep this up, there may actually be a chance for our revolution to succeed!
Excellent.
Rescue Mission Aborted
During the siege of the prison holding Hannaford, he was accidentally killed by a stray bullet. However, most of our troops escaped unharmed, and so while the mission failed, morale still remains high among our troops.
That's not terrible.
Major Mission Failure
The mission failed massively, while they were able to escape the prison with Hannaford they were misdirected on their return. This allowed a nearby garrison to pincer our troops between them and the prison garrison with Hannaford dying and most of our troops being lost in the escape. This defeat will surely impact the morale of our troops, and it puts a dent on our leadership's reputation.
Damn.
Hannaford Refuses to Help
We successfully got Hannaford out of prison alive, but there is still a problem. He is currently refusing to aid our revolution. Hannaford himself, at least according to the intelligence we could gather on his imprisonment, was accused of spying for Paraguay, but such accusations had little evidence to support the case, leading some of our command to speculate that he was being framed by a rival in the Army. With that in mind, we believe we can take advantage of the administrative chaos in the North for our agents to dig up information that may help him see things our way. Perhaps, if we show him the truth of the matter, he'll join our side...
Send the word to Buenos Aires, our agents should be able to find something worthwhile.
Just interrogate him and extract whatever information we can.
Hannaford Agrees to Work With Us
Our Agents were able to get information on Hannaford's case via army informants, and have managed to uncover a seeming conspiracy to remove Hannaford from command in the Army, with the tacit approval of many members of the GOU. By all means, this move seems to be an undercover form of a purge, and it's hard to assess if many other officers have suffered unfair demotions or imprisonment in the same way Hannaford has. With that information, we have compiled a file and given it to Hannaford, who, while taking his time to take it all in with some level of disbelief, has finally accepted to work with our government. In return he has requested that our agents in Buenos Aires arrange for the transfer of his family to our territory.
A worthy price for a worthy officer.
Hannaford Remains Unconvinced
Despite our attempts at uncovering information about the Hannaford case, we have unfortunately been unsuccessful and he has proven unusually hard to persuade. Without much choice, we have instead chosen to imprison Hannaford and proceed to extract whatever useful information he has for us.
We'll make do, whether you're with us or against us...
Patagonia Requests Rifles
The Patagonians are requesting 1000 units of $CHL_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from our national stockpile to aid them in their struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
Send them.
Patagonia Requests Rifles
The Patagonians are requesting 1000 units of $FRA_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from our national stockpile to aid them in their struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
Send them.
Patagonia Requests Rifles
The Patagonians are requesting 1000 units of $ENG_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from our national stockpile to aid them in their struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
Send them.
Chile Sends Rifles
The Chileans are Sending 1000 units of $CHL_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from their national stockpile to aid us in our struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
We salute our Chilean comrades!
The Commune of France Sends Rifles
The Communards are sending 1000 units of $FRA_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from their national stockpile to aid us in our struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
We salute our Communard comrades!
The Union of Britain Sends Rifles
The British are sending 1000 units of $ENG_infantry_equipment_1$ £rifle_texticon from their national stockpile to aid us in our struggle against the Buenos Aires Regime.
We salute our British comrades!
[FOP.GetNameDefCap] asks us to join their faction.
[FOP.GetNameDefCap] have requested that we unite our revolutionary forces under the alliance of the South American States. What shall we do?
Workers of the World, Unite!
We can survive by ourselves.
Victory for the Revolution!
Starting as a small insurrection in the south and after years of planning and waiting, we have successfully defeated the reactionary government in Buenos Aires and sent them into exile. With our leaders consolidating the power of the workers in the Capital, they have decided to formally declare the Argentine Republic fully suspended, and instead have opted to proclaim the new Argentine Commune. With this victory for the proletariat in one of the most unlikely places, we may act as an inspiration for socialists worldwide and help the Internationale achieve its World Revolution soon enough...
Great! Now, what is next on the revolutionary agenda...
Anti-Socialist Officers Attack Buenos Aires!
The defeat of the old regime in Buenos Aires still left many officers bitter and resentful of our glorious revolution. In response, a cabal of these former officers that we were unable to capture after our victory has mobilised against us once more and attacked Buenos Aires with those men loyal to them still along with a stockpile of old weapons and artillery. We were able to crush this reactionary rebellion but not without considerable loss of military and civilian human resources along with sustaining damage to a nearby industrial factory.
When will the fighting end?
Immigration Report, [GetYear]
With rising tensions in Europe, and many socialists seeing our nation as the perfect place to continue the revolution, large swathes of immigrants have decided to cross the pond and live free under socialism.
Welcome to Argentina!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sends Men and Equipment
Seeing our desperate plight for survival, our brothers in arms in [From.GetNameDef] have seen fit to send us not only a large amount of men, but also a significant shipment of arms to assist us in our struggle for the revolution.
Much appreciated!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sends Men
Seeing our plight, our brothers in arms in [From.GetNameDef] have seen fit to send us a contingent of men to assist us in our coming fight.
We need all the help we can get.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Cannot Assist
Despite our pleas from assistance from the great European Syndicalist powers, the nation of [From.GetNameDef] has sent notice that it is incapable of offering either men or materiel for our fight. While disappointing, we will have to fight on with what we have.
Perhaps another time.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins our Alliance
We have received a diplomatic notice that [From.GetNameDef] has decided to accept our offer of a formal military alliance!
We are stronger together.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses an Alliance
We have received a short diplomatic notice that [From.GetNameDef] has considered our offer of a military alliance, and has decided it is not in their interests at this moment. Despite our efforts, they do not seem interested in joining forces with us.
A shame.
Request Support from the Native Populations
In our desperate search for manpower, we have largely ignored a large source of manpower: the native peoples of Patagonia. While many native groups find themselves alienated from the workers' movement given their general alienation from Argentine society, perhaps we can still draw some common ground against a government that has been disfavouring them for the last half a century, and maybe we could recruit their help as long as we promise to grant them some much needed autonomy once we are victorious.
Start consulting with their organisations and promise the Mapuche autonomy.
Start consulting with their organisations but don't promise anything.
Traditionalist natives are not part of the proletariat - we can win ourselves.
The SCDdlA Pledges its Support
The Sociedad Caupolicán Defensora de la Araucanía, a political organisation made up by the Mapuche people and based in the Argentine-Chilean border, has agreed to send support for our cause. While we expected them to present a list of conditions, they have merely stated that they will set their demands once we are in a position to fulfil them. Whether that means they expect much or nothing at all from us, remains to be seen.
Their support is nonetheless greatly appreciated.
The SCDdlA has Refused to Provide Support
The Sociedad Caupolicán Defensora de la Araucanía, a political organisation made up by the Mapuche people and based in the Argentine-Chilean border, has refused to support our cause, claiming that we will only cause further retaliation by the Argentinian government if they were to support us.
No choice, then. Let's hope they don't come back asking for favours later.
The Corporación Araucana Requests Further Concessions
The Corporación Araucana, the new semblance of power amongst the Mapuches after the SCDdlA was dissolved, is demanding the favour they give us back when we were in need to be returned. Now led by Venancio Coñuepán Huenchal and Manuel Aburto Panguilef, they have asked for an expansion of native rights to full citizen status and the establishment of a series of reservoirs where they are able to carry on with their lives with a semblance of self governance without our direct intervention, as well as some small subsidies for their activities. While many point out that by granting these demands we would be healing the divide created by the previous regimes and that they'll see the benefits of the revolution eventually, there are also many detractors that point at the nearly reactionary traditionalist, identitarian, and borderline secessionist nature of the demands. With that in mind, should we truly grant them what they ask for or should we reassert our authority to also apply the lessons of the revolution in their communities?
We shall grant their wishes.
Reactionaries won't be allowed, native or otherwise.
Diego Abad de Santillán Publishes 'After the Revolution'
The famous anarchist economist and writer Sinesio Baudillo García Fernández, better known as Diego Abad de Santillán has finally published in a Chilean printing press what is quickly becoming a masterpiece in anarchist political writing. In the book, Santillán analyses both countries and explains in detail the steps needed to turn both economies into fully working anarchist states. While he does state that a minimal level of control will be required, his writings are one of the first in the history of anarchism to detail an economic plan and will prove extremely useful if anarchists manage to achieve victory in our country.
A fine work, Compañero!
Tension Between Anarchists and Communists
A few anarchist officers have reported in today that they have been harassed constantly by some officers of the communist faction. However, when interrogated, the communist officers claimed the anarchists were the ones harassing them, and presented plenty of evidence and witnesses. While we have separated their platoons for now, this is not an isolated incident, and we have received other reports across the frontline of each side seemingly trying to hinder the other when not in combat.
We will have to keep an eye out.
Friendly Fire!
Tragedy has struck today as a battalion of our frontline troops clashed with another one of our own. While the gunfight was rather short because they were able to quickly realise they were all fighting on the same side when noticing their ragged uniforms and outdated rifles, the small skirmish left 5 dead soldiers and about a dozen wounded. Unsurprisingly, one of the battalions is led by an officer affiliated with the communist party, and the other by a well known anarchist. While an investigation by both sides is being carried out to figure out which is the guilty party for such a mishap, it's clear that both sides are pointing fingers at each other, and an attempt at an objective investigation is becoming harder by the day. With the families of the dead asking for justice to be delivered, the Chairman will need to take a decision on the matter.
The Anarchist officer is at fault and shall be removed!
The Communist officer is at Fault and shall be Removed!
Remove both, we can't play favourites.
The Anarchists Complain
Di Giovanni has come to Puerto Madryn from the frontline today to complain personally about the blatant favouritism to the communists in the frontline, citing several incidents that have happened during and after the fighting where our government has done little or nothing at all. Given the recent instances of infighting in the frontline between the two, this protest does not come as a surprise, and while Soto has given him all the assurances that he can give as an anarchist comrade, this unfortunately means that the discipline in our forces may be weaker than we thought...
This doesn't bode well...
The Communists Complain
Liborio Justo has come to Puerto Madryn from the frontline today to complain personally about the blatant favouritism to the Anarchists in the frontline. One such example (out of the litany he aggrieved about) highlighted an apparent disparity in supply dispersal, claiming that while the Communists have repeatedly requested new clothing to replace their worn and torn rags, the Anarchists seem to acquire brand new garb without even necessarily requesting any. Given the recent instances of infighting in the frontline between the two, this protest does not come as a surprise, and while Soto has given him all the assurances that he can give as a fellow revolutionary advocate, this unfortunately means that the discipline in our forces may be weaker than we thought...
Perhaps it was a supply error?
Anarchists 'Expropriate' a Farmstead
With our pushes being received rather apathetically by the majority of the rural population, we are facing several issues in the occupied territories that may change this situation for the worse. Today, an anarchist column has broken into a farmstead, tied up its inhabitants and robbed them blind. Farmstead break-ins and robberies are no novelty in the Argentinian country-side, and even some of the original members of the Patagonic strikes, like Alfredo Fonte, were known homestead robbers. However, while the practice may not be uncommon, it damages our reputation with the civilian populace, which may start to see us as nothing more than an outgrown gang of thieves. We may have to take measures if we wish to keep the rural population open to the idea of our takeover.
Who do they think they are? Imprison the soldiers for insubordination!
We're here to free them, not to rob them, compensate the family!
They probably deserved it...
Communists Propose the Installment of Political Commissars
After a few episodes of small-scale desertions, the Communist faction has proposed to introduce political commissars to the frontlines for all units. These officers, elected amongst a list of party officials for each battalion, will be in charge of making sure no soldiers are harbouring hidden sympathies for the reactionaries. While the communists have been using these methods since before the war even began, this has caused friction with the other factions. With tensions running high, some believe this is a way for the Communists to start purging the opposition before taking over. Then again, with desertion of conscripted locals becoming ever more normal, maybe this proposal would be handy to ensure the loyalty of our troops.
We have to secure our troops' loyalty if we hope to win...
Refuse the proposal, this can only end badly!
A Battalion Deserts!
Terrible news has arrived from the front today, as apparently a full battalion made up of residents from the Department of Futaleufú has deserted after a skirmish with the Argentine army on the frontline. With our efforts to conscript as much manpower as possible from whichever source we could find, proper screening of the political allegiance of recruits has been clearly undercut to facilitate recruitment and this should probably come as no surprise to us. To add insult to injury, the Communists have been fast to point out that the column had a clear lack of commissars, further challenging our government's decision to refuse their implementation and polarising the situation even further.
Damn deserters!
The Capture of Buenos Aires
With the fall of the Darsena Norte and Puerto Madero, Buenos Aires is now officially under our control. While the streets will take weeks to pacify as rogue commanders continue their fight from the industrial heartland of Argentina, we have struck a crippling blow to the reactionary regime. With the headquarters of all major unions and many of the industrial workers in the area, we've had no trouble linking up with our informant networks and loyalist circles, and many men who had been previously unable to join our fight in the south are now being able to volunteer for our cause!
¡Proletarios del Mundo, Únanse!
The Capture of Cordoba
With the fall of Plaza Italia and the Town Hall, Cordoba is now loosely under our control. While the streets will take weeks to pacify, One of the most important industrial hubs of the nation is now under our control, and many of the unionised industrial workers that had been previously unable to join our fight in the South are now finally able to volunteer to join our forces, further bolstering our strength!
¡Proletarios del Mundo, Únanse!
The Three Economic Issues
With the revolution having occurred in one of Argentina's most unlikely places, we are now faced with some extreme economic challenges to overcome in our struggle for liberating the rest of Argentina. Patagonia has been historically a largely undeveloped steppe with occasional rural villages and fishing towns. The 'Three Economic Issues', as dubbed by the ruling Cabinet are:\n\n-A lack of naval infrastructure to both trade and oppose the Argentine Navy in any significant capacity.\n\n-A lack of basic resources and resource infrastructure. This means that, even if there are some limited reserves of iron and coal in our territory, we both lack the infrastructure to refine it into steel, as well as having an underwhelming infrastructure for its transport.\n\n-A lack of industry. This one has become the most apparent, as we now rely on Chile for practically everything except for the most immediate supplies like food and water. We will need to solve this, not just so that we can further bolster our combined strength but also so that we can stand up for ourselves in the case that Chile has to pull out their support to defend themselves.\n\nIf we are to survive against the reactionary government in the north, we will need to undergo drastic change to get the men and materiel needed for the revolution to even survive. We must appeal to our allies abroad, get creative, and think outside the box if we wish to prevail.
We are truly in a precarious position.
The Resource Issue
Patagonia, while large in size, has remained mostly underdeveloped. Having been taken by force from the natives during the Desert Campaign of 1878, Argentina has had precious little time to actually develop the region, and while some preliminary lumber camps and iron mines have been established, it is by no means working at full capacity, nor truly exploiting its resources to the fullest. Given our shortage of manpower, the Revolutionary Government has found no better choice than to utilise these mines and camps as provisional punishment for petty crimes against the people or the government. As such, we may have to divert manpower from our armed forces towards development projects if we wish to have any access to resources...
We'll have to get our hands dirty...
Massive Anti-Government Rallies
Despite the fact that our armies have liberated the populace from their bourgeois oppressors, many have taken to the street to protest our takeover, especially as they consider that the country has been taken over by tyrants. Many political parties like the UCR, the PDP, the PDN and the UCRA, continue to stoke the fires even further, calling this a return to the 'old ways' of the corrupt PAN that had kept a fraudulent grip on the country not even two decades earlier. While our forces are already in the field trying to disperse the protestors, it's clear that, outside of the traditional Industrial Proletariat, we lack any significant support. In order to solidify our administration, we will need to improve our legitimacy like we did in Patagonia when the revolution began, and prove to the nation we're not just another tool of oppression against the people...
Call for a congress of trade unions - we need to solve this democratically.
Election of the 9th FORA Congress Trade Union
With the upcoming Trade Union Congress, the FORA of the 9th Congress, a major splinter of the FORA made up of moderate socialists, has begun their internal discussions to select a delegation. With the revolution coming home, however, the power of the traditionally pacifist and moderate faction of the FORA is waning. With the radicalisation caused by the victory of the Frente Obrero, Manuel Baldomero Ugarte has risen to prominence with his revolutionary ideals of revolutionary socialism paired up with militant anti-imperialism, as opposed to Alfredo Palacios and Alicia Justo de Mureau, who had become the symbols of evolutionary socialism in the Argentinian political scene. Not unsurprising for the Socialists, it was decided that a vote was to be held, and as an emergency session is called and votes for the candidates are counted, the faction that comes out on top is...
The Justo-Palacios coalition!
The Ugartistas!
Election of the USA
With the union of the FORA of the 5th Congress with several autonomous syndicates, the USA has become the main agitator for revolutionary syndicalism in Argentina, and with the FOP's victory, it has become one of the main contesters for power for the upcoming TUC. However, the revolution has left deep divides on the leadership. The moderate faction, led by the current chairman and now revolutionary hero Antonio Soto, and the now statesman and figurehead of the movement Emilio Lopez Arango, they plan on simply passing anarchist reforms to try and slowly 'accustom' Argentina into the anarchist ideals, trying to compromise with the existing forces in the country rather than forcing them to comply. On the opposite end, sits the faction led by Severino di Giovanni and Rodolfo González Pacheco, whose staunch anti-reactionary stance and strong advocacy for cultural revolution are starting to gain traction within the USA. Regardless of their stance, the assembly's decision is sacred for both, and at the end of the day, a vote is held to see how will represent the USA in the TUC...
Soto and Arango achieve victory!
Di Giovanni manages to achieve a majority!
The Candidates of the CUSC
The defeat of Bolshevism and the rise of Syndicalism severely weakened the Argentinian Communist party during the infancy of the revolution, but its many advocates managed to keep their ideals alive for long enough to form their own trade union, the Comité de Unidad Sindical Clasista. However, the party started to gain a lot of traction during the revolution as a direct reaction to anarchists, as many in Argentina see them as dangerous and see the Communists as a way to combat them while still being able to fit into the new revolutionary society. Despite largely being the underdogs for the Congress, their newly found strength has allowed them to be able to have a significant chance at winning the Congress, and as such, the CUSC has opted to not try and split the votes and has unanimously appointed Rodolfo Ghioldi as their leading delegate in the Congress. Only time will tell if Ghioldi's approach to our ideals will be enough for us to come out on top...
The legacy of Lenin endures.
The Unión Democrática backs Justo and Palacios
With the fall of the Republican Government, the democratic parties that remained that wish for a return of the old semi-presidential system and the restoration of the old constitution have come together and formed the Unión Democrática, encompassing the PDN, UCR, UCRA and PSI. With the victory of Justo and Palacios in their trade union, they have announced their support for the Congress and have stated that they are more than willing to cooperate with the PS so long as they can all restore the multi-party democracy that Argentina enjoyed before the reactionary coups in 1930 and 1936.
The socialists are in league with reactionaries...?
The Congress of the Trade Unions starts
As the new trade union delegates arrive at the congress, tensions are quickly rising between formerly politically aligned groups. While no major incidents have been reported as of yet, insulting comments, shouting matches and even some fistfights have been sighted between different political militias. Some of the delegates have condemned the violence and the seeming disunity within what's supposed to be a victorious united front, but other delegates have kept their silence regarding the situation, and many outlets are already speculating whether this means further violence will come down the road.
Solidarity forever... right?
Fate of the Reactionary Argentinian Regime
The Congress of the Trade Unions has finally opened session with their first proposal: During the war it was pretty much left to each faction to deal with any captured soldiers and civilians, which, while leading to some degree of clemency in some occasions, it has unfortunately ended terribly for the captured in several cases and it's why a united response by the TUC has been deemed necessary. The first delegation to take the stage was the one of the FORA, advocating that only the leaders of the Liga Patriótica should be put on trial, arguing the concepts of Obediencia Debida (Due Obedience), which would absolve most military commanders and civil servants from any connections to the regime unless they were direct members of the LP. This proposal, while being incredibly unpopular with the other Congress factions, it's very popular outside of the TUC as many former civil servants had no choice but to join the new regime or be left unemployed in the middle of an economic crisis.\n\nThe Anarchists were the next to propose a solution to the old regime: Each person, no matter their rank and file, would be put on trial individually for their actions, and, if found guilty, would either spend a considerable time in prison or suffer the ultimate penalty for their crimes against the workers. A naturally popular proposal amongst radicals, Socialist delegates have protested the implications of the proposal, as it would mark the revolutionary movement to be as bloodthirsty and oppressive as the Liga Patriótica itself was against the workers.\n\nFinally, the CUSC, with support from the Internationale, has proposed for the former members of the regime to be taken to forced labour camps. These camps would allow the convicted to work off their sentences, and possibly avoid the death penalty by providing a useful service to the nation. The proposal seems to be striking a good middle ground, while not as merciful as the Socialist one and not as harsh as the anarchist one, it's drawing moderates from both sides towards it trying to draw a compromise, even if the bill has not exactly clarified how long would the sentences be, or how the conditions or locations of the camps would be. Whether that proposal or one of the others will finally win out, remains to be seen...
Punish only the leadership.
No one will be safe from the workers' justice!
A chance to serve the people will be the best punishment.
Fate of the Federal System
The second major debate of the Trade Union Congress regards to the nature of the Federal system in Argentina. As per the Argentine Constitution, Argentina has several provinces that answer to a Federal Government. While some entities in Argentina are still marked as territories, proposals to turn those into new provinces had been made, and were interrupted by the Christmas Coup. However, with the success of our revolution, the different trade union delegations disagree on what path to follow going forward.\n\nThe FORA, for their part, propose that no change should be held, and that the territories considered for provinces, like Santa Cruz and Chubut in the South, should be turned into provinces along with the remaining territories. By contrast, the CUSC has said that the system should be changed, in favour of a centralisation of power that puts more emphasis on the Federal Government, somewhat resembling the Unitary proposals that had appeared during the Argentinian Warlord Period. Completely opposed to both proposals, the USA has proposed that the system should be abolished instead and a new one based around popular councils should be formed. While this last proposal has caused plenty of controversy, the delegates will have to decide which one shall be more beneficial for the rule of the new Government...
Keep the current system.
Disband the old system, and create a new one.
Expand the federal government.
The Fate of the Constitution
The Final major decision of the Trade Union Congress is the fate of the old Argentine constitution. While the restructuring discussion of the Federal system loosely touched upon the Constitution, now more far reaching changes have been proposed by the CUSC. The FORA, as expected, has refused to do anything besides a few amendments to the constitution to ensure a new coup d'etat like the one orchestrated by the Liga Patriótica can never happen again. The CUSC, on their end argue that the Constitution should be redrafted, and while some sections of the original could remain, a new one reflecting the new character of Argentina should be created. The USA, unsurprisingly, has opposed to both proposals, and has decided that they'd prefer the nation to simply nullify the existent constitution and move forward without one, instead encouraging individual communes to adopt a constitution if they so desire. As the final major subject of the TUC, it is expected that Chairman Soto will address some words to the public after the final details of the TUC are dealt with, words that may decide the fate of the nation...
Keep the Constitution intact.
Nullify the Constitution.
Remake the Constitution.
The Union Civica Requests Further Talks
With the Victory of [Root.GetLeader] in the Congress, the UC has put forward their congratulations and have invited us to talks in order to provide some sense of democracy in the newly founded system. Since the UC represents a huge portion of the Argentinian voting base, maybe talking to them would cement our control over the country...
Let's see what we can do to get Argentina back on its feet.
Refuse - we don't want any deals with class traitors.
The PDP Wins Municipal Elections in Rosario!
The Partido Democrata Progresista has taken part in the newly restored Municipal elections of Rosario and has managed to win astonishingly against the socialist candidate we put forth for the city. While the progressive dominance is not a surprise in the region and doesn't exactly threaten our rule, the victory of a non-socialist party has gotten many of our previous allies upset that we may be betraying the revolution. With the precedent the UCR set in their first government, perhaps we can get away with intervening in the region and call for a re-election on the grounds of corruption. However, this would clearly be in violation of our agreement to respect democracy. Should we intervene in the municipality to restore a socialist government?
They won fair and square, send them our congratulations.
This is unacceptable - intervene the province at once.
Governors Molina and Costas Re-elected!
With the restoration of Provincial elections, new executive elections for those charges have taken place throughout the country. While this has gone all according to plan in most provinces, the provinces of Salta and Santa Fe have granted the victory to two major opposition candidates, Luis Patrón Costas, a member of the conservative PDN in Salta, and Luciano Molinas, a member of the progressive PDP, in Santa Fe. While their victory has proven to be democratic, their charges as governors grant them plenty of room to operate, which may be used to overturn our reforms in their respective regions. Many in the party consider the risk of them causing issues too great to be left unanswered, but removing them would be seen as a clear violation of the principles we set out to respect when we restored provincial elections. What shall we do?
Their victory was legal - we shall respect the popular vote.
Intervene in the provinces.
Establishment of the 'Casas del Pueblo'
One of the Socialists main objectives was to start the construction of free schools for adult workers nationwide in order to finally end Illiteracy in Argentina. While swift progress had been made in the '20s to reduce it, there's still work to be done. While the objective of [Root.GetLeader] is still clearly far off, the first 'Casa del Pueblo' has been established since the start of the regime, and their promises to continue expanding these buildings nationwide in order to provide better schooling for uneducated workers are slowly but steadily being fulfilled.
This will surely help us eliminate illiteracy from Argentina, once and for all!
Collective Housing Expanded in Villa Ortuzar
The Hogar Obrero, the main company of the Socialist party, has finished their collective housing complex in Villa Ortuzar, in Buenos Aires City. While this is a small step for the organisation, the Socialists have promised that one of their main objectives will be to provide housing for all workers in the nation, whether by providing collective housing or by providing affordable loans for the workers to pay for the construction of their housing themselves.
A welcome addition to the Argentinian safety net.
The Hogar Obrero Expands its Operations in Cordoba
The Hogar Obrero has begun operation in and around Cordoba which would normally be a boon to our operations. However, we have recently learned that the operations have become tainted with the stench of corruption. The workers have been complaining of late shipments, being sent to empty lots for housing, and being excluded from the programme for past associations with previous parties or regime members. While the expansion of the Hogar Obrero continues throughout the nation, more and more reports are surfacing of these practices being carried out.
We'll need to keep an eye out...
Corruption Scandal Surfaces in Buenos Aires
As the Hogar Obrero Expanded in the Buenos Aires region, a lawyer named Jorge Del Río has presented to the supreme court a very damning case, one that has spread like wildfire amongst the press: The Hogar Obrero has been signing deals to give almost monolithic control of the electrical power grid to the CADE Company. The Compañía Argentina de Electricidad (C.A.D.E.), formerly known as Compañía Hispano Americana de Electricidad (C.H.A.D.E.), has been a source of trouble for years, with them paying millionaire bribes with both UCR and PDN presidencies in the twenties and early thirties. While we are doing our best to unravel its monopoly, the fact that local branches of the Hogar Obrero have turned to this company for their services has been picked up by the press as proof of our government's involvement in the growth and protection of a de-facto monopoly, with some opposition newspapers outright accusing us of perpetuating the monopoly. This cannot be allowed to stand, and we need to take measures if we wish to stay afloat as the dominant party.
We should've just nationalised that company...
The Secretaría de Ética Pública, Transparencia y Lucha contra la Corrupción is Formed
Having fought an uphill battle against corruption for months, we have unfortunately only forced a stalemate, with our investigations only managing to go so far before another case surfaces in a different agency. Given the size of Argentina, we cannot afford to continue this wild goose chase, and as such the President has opted to create a new agency to deal with corruption in every province. The Secretaría de Ética Pública, Transparencia y Lucha contra la Corrupción (Secretariat of Public Ethics, Transparency and Struggle Against Corruption) has been formed by the governing body in order to protect the rights of workers and investigate corruption on a nation-wide level. While corruption may not fully go away until our cooperative-based system fully catches on in all of our nation, we now have proper tools to both investigate and carry these cases to court without direct government intervention.
Sunlight is the best disinfectant.
The TUC Closes with Soto's Speech
With the end of the TUC, Chairman Soto has come forward and given a closing speech to the event. However, unexpectedly he has also announced that he'll be stepping down in favour of a candidate proposed by the CUSC. With the CUSC having become the dominant wing of the Trade Union Congress, it seems that the Chairman has seen the writing on the wall and has decided that, instead of forcing friction between his beloved USA and the now dominant CUSC, he will step down in favour of the majority faction. As such, the new chairman [FOP.GetLeader] has been appointed by Soto, and will be sworn into office in the next few days. While many see this as the revolutionary government finally settling down, others worry this may spell even more instability in the future.
Only time will tell.
The TUC Closes With Soto's Speech
With the end of the TUC, Chairman Soto has come forward and given a closing speech to the event. However, unexpectedly he has also announced that he'll be stepping down in favour of the Radical Anarchist candidate. With the Radical Anarchists having become the dominant wing of the Trade Union Congress and within the FORA, it seems that the Chairman has seen the writing on the wall and has decided that, instead of forcing friction between the moderates and the now dominant radicals, he will step down in favour of the majority faction. As such, the new chairman Severino di Giovanni has been appointed by Soto, and will be sworn into office in the next few days. While many see this as the revolutionary government finally settling down, others worry this may spell even more instability in the future...
With the end of the TUC, Chairman Soto has come forward and given a closing speech to the event. With the USA having come forward as dominant and his alliance with Arango and the rest of the USA secure, Soto has stated that he will continue to be Chairman for as long as the people wish him to lead, and that there remains much work to be done now that the Congress is finished. While many see this as the revolutionary government finally settling down, others worry this may spell even more instability in the future...
Only time will tell.
The TUC Closes With Soto's Speech
With the end of the TUC, Chairman Soto has come forward and given a closing speech to the event. However, unexpectedly he has also announced that he'll be stepping down in favour of a candidate proposed by the FORA. With the FORA having become the dominant wing of the Trade Union Congress, it seems that the Chairman has seen the writing on the wall and has decided that, instead of forcing friction between his beloved USA and the now dominant FORA, he will step down in favour of the majority faction. As such, the new chairman [FOP.GetLeader] has been appointed by Soto, and will be sworn into office in the next few days. While many see this as the revolutionary government finally settling down, others worry this may spell even more instability in the future.
Only time will tell.
Argentina asks to join the Third Internationale
With the revolution secured in Argentina, they are now looking to formalise their relationship with the Internationale. While the FOP has been a member of the Internationale almost since the start, it is only now that such a declaration has any diplomatic weight. However, given the distances and logistics involved, maybe drawing them to the line of fire so soon after they finished such a deadly civil war may not be a wise idea, so we should consider their membership wisely...
Welcome aboard, Comrades!
They're better off alone.
Argentina enters the Third Internationale
The Communards have welcomed us with open arms into the Internationale and we are both now sworn to defend each other in case the reactionaries come after us.
Solidarity Forever!
Argentina Demands the Integration of [andesia_crisis_tag.GetName]
The Communist regime in Buenos Aires is demanding that we eject [andesia_crisis_tag.GetNameDef] from the Third Internationale so they may annex their lands into the Andesian Project. The [andesia_crisis_tag.GetAdjective] government has of course refused their demands to submit and is begging for our assistance. While keeping in line with our rhetoric for internationalist unity, the Argentines may be taking this a bit too far and we cannot hope to negotiate between the parties and, whatever our decision, one of these nations will have to take the fall this day.
The [andesia_crisis_tag.GetAdjective]s are our comrades!
The Argentines are in the right!
The Internationale supports Andesia
[INT.GetName] Backs the [andesia_crisis_tag.GetAdjective] Regime
[INT.GetNameDefCap] has not seen the argument our way and has sided with the [andesia_crisis_tag.GetAdjective]s. We will have to face the Internationale and win if we wish to prevail.
It'll be victory or death, then...
Back down. We cannot fight the Internationale.
[INT.GetName] backs Argentina
[INT.GetNameDefCap] has given their tacit approval to the Andesian project, citing it as a noble and ambitious step for socialism across the world. They wait with bated breath to see our glorious success and will not intervene in our conflict with [andesia_crisis_tag.GetNameDef]. As our troops mobilise and our people prepares, the dream of a World Revolution and a continent without borders draws near...
The workers of the world will unite!
Andesia Collapses!
Shocking news has reached Buenos Aires that there has been mass rebellion across all of Andesia. Despite the best efforts of our government, our forces have been spread too thin and our support outside of Argentina has been slim at best. While the reality of the situation sets on the continent, it may be time to reconsider if Liborio's experiment will be seen as a success or an utter failure...
But... the Chairman was always right... right?
[?rebellion_tag.GetAdjective] Rebellion!
Our troops have failed to stop the rise of counter-revolutionary forces and they've managed to secure enough power to declare independence. We must move quickly if we are to survive this plot against us.
Crush these reactionaries!
The Brazilian Rebellion
With the ongoing rebellion in the Andesian territories, the collaborationist governments in Brazil have risen up against us and joined forces with the counter-revolutionaries. We cannot count on the aid of any of our allies in South America and are now in a fight for our lives to restore control over both Andesia and the rebellious Brazilians.
Crush these reactionaries!
Question of the Clergy
With the Radical Anarchists coming on top, their harsh pursuit of all religious practices has finally come to their political agenda in the government. Chairman Severino has pushed for a bill in the largely Anarchist dominated Trade Union Congress where he proposes the seizure of all Catholic church assets, the persecution and imprisonment of former clergy members, and the prohibition of any and all religious practices on public life, effectively turning Argentina into an atheist nation. As one of the most deeply Catholic nations in the region, when news of this bill came out, harsh public backlash surfaced, and not only from Christian groups, as the bill could apparently target the Jewish and Muslim minorities in Argentina as well. While passing the bill would be seen by our fellow revolutionaries as the fulfilment of our long awaited promises, we need to keep in mind that passing the bill may lose us more support than it'll gain us. Perhaps we can go back to the drawing board and draft a less aggressive bill...
There will be no gods, nor masters in our land.
Reform the bill and leave our Commune as a secular state.
The Female Rights Debate
With the overthrow of the old reactionary regime in Argentina, a new age dawns on Argentina not just politically but socially as well. Many revolutionaries in the anarchist ranks had strongly advocated for the full incorporation of women into political life, and were quite militant about the concept of female equality both in the workforce as well as in the battlefield. However, while the chairman would like nothing more than to grant these much awaited rights due to personal reasons, there are matters of state at hand that would prevent such a bill to be successful. Argentine society has been traditionally male-dominated, and very strictly traditionalist in that regard, and such a bill is bound to lose us significant support in the countryside and even amongst revolutionary circles. Perhaps instead we should seek a more slow approach, and slowly introduce women into political life in order to accustom society to their participation...
It is now or never.
A slow transition would be best.
Feminist Organisations Stage Protests
Despite the passing of the bill that ensured the rights of women in our society, feminist groups have staged a protest in Buenos Aires today, with quite a noticeable attendance for a protest of such kind. While reports of the bill not working as it was envisioned had been done for months, it's the first time it has come to public attention the extent at which the bill has failed. Cases of abuse, even within members of revolutionary groups, have been swept under the rug by local administrators, and reports of workplace discrimination, while reduced when compared to pre-revolution numbers, are still problematic. It seems we will need to make a bigger effort if we wish for the bill to actually work as we intended it to.
How embarrassing...
Jose Font Elected in the Patagonian Council
Jose Font, one of the earliest allies of Antonio Soto during the Patagonian revolt, bravely helped our movement despite lacking any formal education or ideological conviction by recruiting the Patagonian peasantry for the USA. In the Patagonian revolt, he fought bravely but was unfortunately wounded and was forced to spend the following years doing largely office labour. With the victory of our commune against the reactionary regime of the North, Font quickly grew into a national celebrity, applauded as the image of the 'Socialist Gaucho'. With this popularity, Font has managed to successfully campaign for a seat in the Patagonian Regional Council. While not an unexpected outcome of the council elections, it has proven how, at least in some areas, the Revolutionaries are seen in a good light...
Congratulations, Jose Font!
Civilian Specialists Offer Their Services
While the civil war demonstrated the extent to which capitalist reactionaries were willing to go in order to maintain their system, not every member associated with the former administration agreed with the commands given from Buenos Aires. A lot of civilian specialists worked for the regime and their competence can greatly benefit new Argentina. Now that we have established ourselves as the legitimate administration of the country, these members of the old government could be valuable assets in rebuilding the country.\n\nWe were able to reach several civilian specialists, they have come clean throughout the trials and have approached our officials to offer their services again. As negotiations continue, it is clear that re-enlisting them will be unpopular, despite the fact that those professionals may be vital to the new Argentina's prosperity. What are our options?
Their expertise will be greatly appreciated.
These reactionaries have avoided justice for long enough!
Opening of the First Labour Camps
With the decision of the Congress to open up new labour camps to deal with the reactionaries of the old regime, a series of camps were issued to be constructed a few months ago in order to start housing their new inmate population. Now, these camps, located on the refactioned prison of Ushuaia, the former Prison of Martín García island, Sierra Chica, Coronda, Rawson and Jujuy, they were then connected to a railway infrastructure in order to allow the ease of transportation of materials and workers to and from mines, forests and quarries. Now, we are finally able to officially open them, and as the first wave of inmates reach their new residences, many newspapers are marking this as the first step into a new age for Argentina...
They shall learn the value of labour now...
Reapproachment with the Church
Historically, the Church in Argentina has been in league with the dominant power. Largely favouring conservative parties, with the collapse of the reactionary regime, many church members fled in panic abroad, others were outright executed for their crimes against the workers. However, a large part of the church's infrastructure remains, and an even larger section of our society still professes this faith. In a meeting with the Bishop of Buenos Aires, [ROOT.GetLeader] has agreed to the Church's demands while keeping the Secular nature of our state, allowing the many Catholic schools and rural missions to continue operating in exchange for the tacit approval of the Catholics of the new government. While some clergy members have rejected the results of the meeting, a revolutionary commission will be reassigning these rebellious bishops to re-education camps, where they shall learn how to coexist with the workers. The only concern remaining is the Vatican's stance on the matter, but given the instability in the Italian peninsula, it is largely believed they will not jeopardise the Argentinian clergy by opposing this newly found compromise.
We can live side by side in our new society.
The 'Protection of Worker Morality Bill' is Passed
With the backing of an ample sector of the USA, the Anarchists have passed today the Bill for Protection of Worker Morality. In it, it details that actions such as drug consumption, pornography, prostitution and even the consumption of alcohol are now officially banned, and other activities like theatres and cafes are now severely restricted to activities that are 'beneficial to the Workers but only in moderation'. The idea of the ban had been considered for weeks now, with many detractors on the opposition, but the argument that these practices were remnants of the capitalist means to oppress the working class ended up winning out in the Congress in the end. The ban, while applauded by the anarchist groups, has been extremely poorly received by the public, with many taking to the streets to protest the government's decision to leave thousands of people unemployed, and many hundreds of thousands more without any form of entertainment. Regardless, the chairman has remained adamant and has not shown signs of wanting to relax the restrictions
Argentina will be the moral worker's paradise!
Protests against the Protection of Worker Morality Bill Continue
Despite the bill having passed nearly three months ago, protests against it continue, while rackets have grown in the borders of our commune, smuggling the now extremely valued commodities we banned. Facing both internal and external difficulties, as we both can't stop the protests nor the smuggling given that there is even tacit approval of many of our frontier columns and officers, the congress has seen no other choice but to rediscuss the bill once more. While the opposition has defended that keeping the bill will only perpetuate the protests, the Chairman has been unrelenting and has tried to keep as many parts of the original bill as he could. Without many options, the remainder of the USA has signed up with the opposition, and the voting will now have to be decided: Will the USA repeal the bill completely? Or will they follow the Chairman's advice and try to keep a toned down version of the bill?
Repeal it completely.
Reform the bill.
The Agustin P. Justo Trial
As the trials against the former regime are ongoing, a curious case has surfaced for the revolutionaries regarding the Argentine General Agustin P. Justo. Justo, a long time servant in the Argentine army, had long been opposed to the UCR and the LP, but he had still remained compliant to the reactionary regime. While this would normally still mean guilty, his son, Liborio, has intervened in his case and argued for his immediate absolution. Claiming his father was merely a helpless pawn in the games of the oligarchy, Liborio explained that it was Agustin who encouraged him to take up arms against the reactionaries. While the veracity of this account is questioned, there's no denying that the jury has gone from an unanimous guilty plead to being open at the prospect of sparing the old general.
\
Many in Argentina suffered the same fate, and they were not guilty.
This is a bluff - he is a reactionary like the rest!
Unión Democrática Calls for Protests Against the Government
After our announcement to the public that we were not going to restore the old constitution and instead maintain our current course, the representatives of the Unión Democrática have begun calling for their members to protest against our government. With public rallies being prepared, chairman Palacios has called for meetings to be held with UD representatives in order to solve the representation issues they are protesting for next week, but it remains uncertain whether this will help stabilise the situation.
We have to try regardless.
Negotiations with the Unión Democrática
As the Unión Democrática representatives appeared on the meetings, it became clear that the main issue is not so much a matter of democracy, but a matter of representation. The parties that compose the UD wish for our government to give the different parties some say in the day to day running of affairs. While some ideas of a controlled Congress were thrown around, the idea of a consultative board made up of representatives of each party is the one that has managed to become the compromise between all parties. However, while forming a consultative board could stabilise the situation, opposition within the Congress exists that decries this move as a capitulation towards the conservatives, and that it will only harm our workers' state in the long run...
We can't agree to this.
Let's compromise.
Junta Consultiva Nacional Opens Its First Session
With nearly three hundred invitations issued to representatives of different political parties, the Junta Consultativa Nacional, as it has been dubbed, has opened its first session today. Under a painting of the Constitutional Assembly of 1853, the Junta Consultativa is now officially approaching the subject of Constitutional reform, mainly regarding the inclusion of worker rights to it and an extension of the national government's power regarding the internal economical market. While opposition to the measure exists, it has become clear that cooperation has stabilised the situation looking forward, and political experts hope that this arrangement can last at least a few years needed for Argentina to continue its growth.
A weird solution, but a solution nonetheless.
UD Inspired Protests Devolve Into Riots
As protests from the UD continued, the province of Santa Fe flared up in violence against the government. With many progressives amongst the crowd actively rejecting what they saw as an authoritarian move, the police tried to disperse the protest only to for it to devolve into a brawl. While there are no confirmed casualties over the event, vandalism near downtown Rosario has been widely seen with inscriptions denouncing the government. After this, martial law has been called on all protesting provinces for the next month, and it is unknown whether this situation will continue after the restriction is lifted.
Damn liberals!
Congressional Elections of [GetYear]
With the position of the Socialist Party secured in the Congress moving forward, the PS has negotiated with what remains of the USA and the CUSC and called for a new Congressional election, set to repeat every six years. While many candidates from smaller unions presented themselves, the Socialist Party having a clear majority of the seats has made it the clear candidate to win the election, with the only real option is whose representative from the party will lead the nation. As the votes are counted, the nation holds its breath in anticipation for the results...
Palacios remains at the helm.
Justo wins the election!
Repetto stands victorious!
Congressional Elections of [GetYear]
With six years having passed since the last Congresional Election, a new election has been called by the Socialist Party. Without any other unions really gaining any more relevance in the Congress, the Socialist party seems to be, yet again, in a position to win the election, yet the question of who will lead the party specifically still remains to be seen...
Palacios remains at the helm.
Justo wins the election!
Repetto stands victorious!
Vote of No Confidence Against Chairman Justo Is Passed
With the collapse of Andesia, Liborio Justo has lost almost all political clout in the CUSC and the Communist party. In a shocking yet not unexpected fashion, the CUSC proposed a vote of No Confidence in the Congress today, which was nearly unanimously successful. Disgraced, Justo decided to resign, and the CUSC set out to decide on the new Chairman. With little opposition, Ghioldi stood up once more as the popular candidate, and has now been sworn in as the new Chairman. With a more moderate approach, it is expected that Ghioldi will look inwards, and try to fix the damage Justo made, while trying to dial back some of the harsher policies that he implemented.
The 'Messiah of South American Revolution' is finally gone.
National Elections of [GetYear]
With the constitution restored, the socialist party, with representatives of other parties, announced that elections were going to be held once every six years, and the first one was going to be held in the near future. After a relatively short campaign, which is speculated to have been done by design by the PS in order to lose less votes, the election day has finally arrived. However, while many liberals and democrats in the nation are grateful at the return of democracy, many of the factions of the former Frente Obrero are openly denouncing the election as a step back to Bourgeois democracy. While it is not expected that they'll be able to acquire sufficient political clout to perform a takeover, they are likely to riot in Buenos Aires and Cordoba if a non socialist choice comes out ahead...
The PS stays at the helm!
The UCR stands victorious!
The PDN makes a comeback!
National Elections of [GetYear]
With six years behind the first national elections after the restoration of the Constitution, the electoral race has begun yet again between Argentina's major parties, and the winner of this contest is yet to be decided...
The PS Gets A Majority!
The UCR stands victorious!
The PDN wins the election!
Socialist Party Primary Election
With the Socialists having fulfilled their objectives regarding the Trade Union Congress, their primaries have come in preparation of the elections with new candidates coming forth to challenge Palacios candidacy. As for whether it'll be Alicia Mureau de Justo or Nicolás Repetto that'll replace Palacios, or even if Palacios will retain his position, it remains to be seen...
Palacios remains at the helm.
Justo wins the primary!
Repetto stands victorious!
Monument to the Bolsheviks Inaugurated
With the help of the Russian Community in Entre Rios, a monument to the martyrs of the October Revolution has been inaugurated by chairman Justo today. The monument, boasting a statue of Lenin leading a group of bronze workers, has received plenty of media coverage during its construction the last few months, and the chairman has taken the chance to speak to the people. However, while the occasion would've normally helped boost the Communist Party's popularity, one of Justo's speeches outright accused the October Revolution of failing not because of outside factors like the German intervention, but as a result of subterfuge from within the revolutionary movement. This speech has been twisted by sensationalist media as a statement against the Third Internationale, and now the inauguration of the monument has become a subject of controversy not just in Argentina, but seemingly abroad as well...
Let's hope the French don't mind.
Park of the Workers Inaugurated
With the victory of the revolution and the settling of the new government, one of the first projects the Congress was willing to embark in was in the demolition of the Talleres Vasena, the starting point of the events we now know as the Tragic Week. However, its demolition was not enough, the congress then authorised the construction of a park on the now cleared area, and to decorate the park, a monument was built at its centre. A series of Bronze figurines resembling protesting workers were issued, and now, the 'Monument to the Workers' Struggle' stands solidly in the middle of the new park of San Cristóbal, and Chairman [FOP.GetLeader] has given a speech marking this as a historic day of remembrance for our revolutionary struggle.
Let us remember our fallen comrades.
Creation of the Instituto Nacional de Asuntos Indígenas
Chairman Liborio has long since championed the enfranchisement of the native peoples of Argentina. During his tour around Argentina, he became convinced that Spanish colonisation and its consequences may have done irreversible damage to the native communities, and as such, has decreed the creation of the Instituto Nacional de Asuntos Indígenas. Divided in regional segments with representatives from all groups, ranging from the major groups like the Mapuches, the Tobas and the Guaraníes to the near extinct Selk'Nam. With an estimated population of around 360.000 people around the nation, it is expected of the Institute to intercede in the name of the natives in legal disputes as well as aiding isolated and otherwise monetarily limited communities with funding.
We owe them a great debt, and we intend to repay.
Anti-Religious Vandals Imprisoned
It seems that with the settling of the new revolutionary government, many still refuse to acknowledge the values the new regime stands for. Today one of the many examples of this behaviour arose when a group of around 8 adults vandalised a church in Buenos Aires. The group, allegedly of anarchist ideology, targeted the church accusing the Priest of being a reactionary. Luckily, the vandals could not find the priest, yet chose instead to damage the holy site. After news of the event spread out, Chairman Baldomero has issued an arrest warrant for the group, given reparations to the church and he has given a public speech condemning their actions as anti-Revolutionary, indicating that a truly revolutionary society must have freedom of religion. While many of the old revolutionary guard has found this answer somewhat puzzling, there's no denying that the measure has been well received among the overall public, which has become a rarer response since the beginning of the new government.
Religious intolerance is a thing of the past.
Chairman [FOP.GetLeader] Bans Whaling
Whaling in Argentina had slowly begun to decline with the export of meat as a better alternative to whale meat, but this however didn't fully stop whaling activities in the Argentine Sea. Foreign ships, particularly Norwegian and Scottish ones, had continued to hunt whales. Given the limited numbers and slow reproduction rates of whales, and aiming to protect the Southern right whale as their breeding grounds are huge sources of tourism, the Argentinian government had labelled whales as protected species, yet due to the political instability, it failed to enforce its protections and foreign ships wound up taking advantage of the situation. However, now that the ineffective reactionaries of old are gone, it is on our best interest to keep foreign exploiters away from our nation, and as such, Chairman [FOP.GetLeader] has proposed a bill in which whaling will now be banned in the Argentine Sea, and any ships caught in the act shall be prosecuted. While some conservatives have labelled the measure as extreme, as it now bans all whaling in the region as opposed to just over the protected Southern right whale, the overall public has received the ban positively. This is believed to be due to how the yearly migration of whales attracts thousands of internal tourists, making it one of the many well regarded national attractions.
Interesting.
Restructuring of the Asociación del Football Argentino
The fusion of the Asociación Argentina de Football (Amateurs y Profesionales) or AAFAP and the Liga Argentina de Football (LAF) into the Asociación del Football Argentino back in 1934 was believed to usher a new era for the sport in Argentina. However, the political climate and the war changed the prospect of the new AFA as it has now been forced to reshuffle its staff due to the regime changes, as many of its wealthy investors have either lost their wealth due to wealth redistribution measures, or fled the nation outright. However, the government stepped in to help the association, along with many other sports' associations in order to help transitioning them into the new system, and with the government intervention, changes to the AFA's competitive rules have been revised. One example of this regards to the teams from the interior, since they had been excluded from the professional categories of the Association, favouring instead teams from the Capital and its surrounding area. Starting from this year's tournament onwards, teams from the interior, like Rosario's 'Newell's Old Boys' and 'Rosario Central' which are now formal members of the professional division, will be encouraged to join the league in order to foster a more equal representation throughout the nation, as opposed to focusing the sport on the Capital and the surrounding area.
The people's sport is back!
Protests in the Interior Turn Into Riots
As our centralising reforms are finally taking effect, the farther-most provinces of Argentina have flared up in protest against our government. These protests, taking part mostly on provinces like Salta, Santiago del Estero and La Rioja, have accused chairman Liborio, and by extension the government, of favouritism with regards to Buenos Aires, which is now an even more undisputed seat of power than it has ever been. The government responded by trying to disperse these protestors, as investigations of reactionary intervention in said provinces are being carried out, which caused the protests to devolve into riots, forcing the new security forces to violently suppress the protests. While the general censorship of press has allowed most of the details to remain muddy, the news of the events still managed to get out, with some sensationalist outlets in exile labelling Liborio as 'The New Juan Manuel de Rosas'. While we don't have much to worry about from the interior, unrest from the inner provinces is expected to remain so long as the government keeps pushing for centralisation around Buenos Aires' hegemony as the conflict between the local power of the provinces and Buenos Aires has existed in the nation since its inception.
Let's hope the Provincianos have learned their lesson...
Construction of El Libertador
As the work of the Comite de Seguridad de Estado increases, the physical limitations of their office in Buenos Aires has been slowly reducing the effectiveness of the agency. To solve this, one of the projects proposed by the army before the civil war has been brought back to relevance, and that is the construction of a massive building in Puerto Madero to house the Agency. Originally envisioned by architect Carlos Pibernat under a commission of the Direccion General de Ingenieros (General Directorate of Engineers), it was designed to boast seventeen floors and occupy nearly half the block it was meant to be constructed on. The project was unfortunately abandoned due its cost in the heat of the civil war, but members of the CSE have brought it back for the government to review. With little opposition against it in the congress, the construction of the Agency has been officially passed, and construction is expected to end in about 5 years, with the CSE slowly accomodating on the finished wings as the building is completed.
Should be enough space for all the paperwork...
Saboteurs Successfully Infiltrated [FROM.FROM.GetName]!
The brave men and women we sent into Argentina have managed to covertly bypass the enemy's defences and are now in position to prepare further operations. Once hostilities break out between us and the reactionaries, those saboteurs will enact havoc in [FROM.FROM.GetName].
All according to plan.
Our Saboteurs Were Caught!
Terrible news! The team we sent into Argentina to infiltrate [FROM.FROM.GetName] was intercepted by the Argentine secret police. With the entire cell either captured or forced to flee for their lives, the operation has been a failure. Worse yet, this has led to an increase in police activity in the region, meaning that we won't get a second chance to attack them here.
Remember the fallen.
Patagonian Saboteurs in [FROM.FROM.GetName] Were Caught!
Great news! Our secret police caught a group of socialist spies in [FROM.FROM.GetName]. From the collected evidence it is almost certain they planned to sabotage railways and wreak havoc in this region upon the start of the conflict. Some of the rats flee for their lives, but it is certain that their operation failed.
Great!
Railway Sabotage!
Reports are pouring in from all over the country that operatives seeded by the perfidious Syndicalists have initiated a terror bombing campaign against our railroads! Several of our critical transport routes and train depots have been hit by a string of bombings and arson attacks, rendering our railways in several sectors completely inoperable. Our military engineers expect the repairs to take at least a month to complete. Until then, our forces will have to march by foot and will suffer from supplies shortage.
Deploy the engineers! Our railways must be repaired as soon as possible!
Patagonian Terrorism!
With our conflict with the perfidious Patagonians heating up once more, we've received numerous reports of terrorism in our territory. Several Patagonian rebels have managed to embed themselves and are waging campaigns of terror against our forces, inciting local rebellions against our government. As a result of this cowardly act, we've been forced to deploy armed police and soldiers to mount rear-guard operations against these bandits. While hardly a critical blow to our war effort, it'll be quite some time before we can root them out for good.
Were we blind?! Send in the army!
Support The Internationale
With Argentina unified and our regime stabilised, it is time to repay our debts to our European comrades. A new World War is deciding the fate of the European Revolution, and our allies badly need food, resources, and industry to succeed. [ENG.GetAdjective] and [FRA.GetAdjective] ambassadors continue to ask for economic assistance - what can we spare?
Limited food supplies - we can't spare more resources.
Food supplies and limited material assistance.
Food shipments, as well as extended material assistance.
Everything we can scratch.
[FOP.GetName] Provides Food Shipments
A new World War is deciding the fate of the European Revolution, and [FOP.GetAdjective] comrades decided to assist our struggle with food shipments. The convoys from Buenos Aires will ensure our people are fed.
Thanks.
[FOP.GetName] Provides Food Shipments and Limited Material Assistance
A new World War is deciding the fate of the European Revolution, and [FOP.GetAdjective] comrades decided to assist our struggle with food shipments and limited material assistance. The convoys from Buenos Aires will ensure our people are fed, and [FOP.GetAdjective] products will ease the hardship of the wartime.
Thanks comrades!
[FOP.GetName] Provides Food Shipments and Material Assistance
A new World War is deciding the fate of the European Revolution, and [FOP.GetAdjective] comrades decided to help us with a wide variety of products, including food, consumer goods and machinery. The shipments from Buenos Aires will greatly assist our economy during the wartime.
Thanks comrades!
[FOP.GetName] Provides Extended Economic Assistance
A new World War is deciding the fate of the European Revolution, and [FOP.GetAdjective] comrades have answered our requests, promising to provide everything they can, including food, consumer goods and machinery. The shipments from Buenos Aires will greatly assist our economy during the wartime.
Thanks comrades - we will never forget your assistance!
The Battle of Buenos Aires
While the CUSC have attained victory in the TUC, it seems the Anarchists were not happy with the results. Disregarding Soto's speech that legitimises chairman [FOP.GetLeader], Anarchist militias led by Severino de Giovanni and other notable Radical Anarchists across Buenos Aires have begun mobilising against us. As their forces seemingly put a choke-hold on the capital, the Chairman has seemingly called for unity from the Casa Rosada. Whether this will be answered by fellow minded socialists or simply ignored it's up to speculation for now.
What is Ghioldi doing?
Di Giovanni Sieges the Casa Rosada
As Ghioldi's calls for unity have been seemingly thoroughly ignored, the few troops the CUSC could muster near the Presidential House have fought as hard as they could before being pushed back by more numerous militias. For now, the hardened revolutionaries have barricaded themselves inside the Presidential House.. Holding radio contact with the forces under siege, General Liborio Justo has decided to take the initiative, asking reinforcements to be mobilised from Tigre and Mar Del Plata to aid the Capital forces. However, while they march to help the capital, the anarchists have begun consolidating their hold on the Capital City, and Justo has decided to cross the Avenida Parque towards Buenos Aires' Industrial heartland. However, with the limited forces he currently possesses, two options have been brought forward. He could assault one of the revolutionary armouries set up near the Parque Centenario, which would cut off the Anarchists from a significant asset to increase their numbers, or he could secure the Fabrica Militar de Polvoras y Explosivos in the north, a few kilometres away from the famous Hippodrome, which would cut off the Anarchists from a major weapons factory.
We need that factory! March northwards!
Weapons for our men are vital, head to Parque Centenario!
Fabrica Militar de Polvoras y Explosivos Secured
After heavy fighting through the Palermo Commune, we have managed to push the Anarchists out into the Recoleta Commune. With the factories now safe and secure we can focus our energies on pushing towards the Armouries as reinforcements arrive. Every moment we waste is time lost for the defenders trapped in the Casa Rosada, who are starting to see their lines falter as the Anarchists have finally brought in artillery pieces captured during the civil war. With the anarchists shelling their position, it's only a matter of time before they enter the Casa Rosada and fully execute their coup. If the Casa Rosada falls, neutral troops to the coup might stand down and we will be alone to face this injustice.
Onwards, Compañeros!
Armouries Secured
With the Anarchists committed to assaulting the Socialist positions around the armoires, we were able to slip behind them and perform a pincer attack. Cut-off from their main force and with nowhere to go the Anarchists ended up surrendering after heavy casualties. As reinforcements arrive from Tigre and Mar del Plata having and acquiring the weapons stockpile, we are prepared to take the Fabrica Militar de Polvoras y Explosivos back from the Anarchist militias. Every moment we waste is time lost for the defenders trapped in the Casa Rosada, who are starting to see their lines falter as the Anarchists have finally brought in artillery pieces captured during the civil war. With the anarchists shelling their position, it's only a matter of time before they enter the Casa Rosada and fully execute their coup. If the Casa Rosada falls, neutral troops to the coup might stand down and we will be alone to face this injustice.
Let's pray this was the right call...
Armouries Devastated
Our choice to take the Fabrica Militar de Polvoras y Explosivos and preserve the valuable tooling and materials there have come at a cost. We have suffered heavy losses to the Anarchist militias, who having realised their best move was to delay us, they decided to slowly withdraw from the Armouries near Centenario before pounding the building with a concentrated barrage, razing it to the ground with whatever equipment that they hadn't already taken with them to Puerto Madero. With the armoury destroyed, however, not all is lost. The reinforcements led by Comrade Mansurova have finally arrived from Tigre and Mar del Plata. While both Justo and Mansurova have begun preparing a plan of attack, every precious hour wasted means more of our comrades dying in the Casa Rosada.
Comrade Ghioldi still needs us!
Factories Devastated
Our choice to take the Armouries in Parque Centenario and capture the weaponry there have come at a cost. As our forces finally were able to move into the Fabrica Militar de Polvoras y Explosivos, we were met with an empty factory. The anarchists had seemingly taken all the valuable tooling and materials that they could carry and abandoned the building. Shortly after a concentrated barrage hit the factory from Puerto Madero, seemingly in hopes to add insult to injury and raze the factory to the ground. While it is not all lost, the reconstruction of the Argentinian industry will be delayed by this loss. While the factory was destroyed, not all is lost. The reinforcements led by comrade Mansurova have finally arrived from Tigre and Mar del Plata. While both Justo and Mansurova have begun preparing a plan of attack, every precious hour wasted means more of our comrades dying in the Casa Rosada.
Comrade Ghioldi still needs us!
Breaking the Siege
As Mansurova and Justo finish doing their preparations and our troops are outfitted with the equipment seized from the armouries, a rather desperate radio transmission from the Casa Rosada has reached the outside forces, asking them to step in as quickly as possible as Artillery bombardments have begun on their area. As such two plans have been drafted in order to try and help the encircled defenders. The first one is to do a diversionary attack on the Casa Rosada with a small group, leading the attackers to believe we are aiming for a full breakthrough, while the bulk of our forces mobilises to Plaza San Martin, where our engineers believe the Artillery pieces should be. However, this plan is risky, as we don't have a confirmation the artillery is actually there, and we could be potentially wasting time the defenders don't have. The alternative is to launch a full on assault on the Casa Rosada's surroundings, and try to open a way for our men to be evacuated. While Justo thinks it is possible for us to break through, the Command has had to acknowledge that casualties will inevitably be high as the Anarchists still own the Artillery pieces and will likely attempt to do suppression barrages on our forces. Without much time left, a decision, however risky, will need to be made...
Try to break through the encirclement.
Move towards Plaza San Martin.
Breaking the Siege
As Mansurova and Justo finish doing their preparations and more eager troops arrive to the Capital to help restore the government, a rather desperate radio transmission from the Casa Rosada has reached the outside forces, asking them to step in as quickly as possible. As such two plans have been drafted. The more ambitious one, utilising armoured cars, would focus on breaking into the encircled area and rescuing our forces trapped there, then pulling out and slowly strangle the enemy forces to death as their legitimacy and numbers dwindle. The other plan is to redirect a mass infantry charge towards Plaza San Martin, where our scouts state that the anarchist artillery has been concentrated. Regardless of the choice, there is no more time to prepare and the attack must be carried out now if we wish to save our government.
Try and break through the encirclement.
Try and take out the artillery.
The Breakthrough Attempt Fails
Having chosen to break through the encirclement and get our men out, a seemingly desperate attack has taken place along the Avenida de Mayo. While the initial bid to break through was starting to work, the anarchists began shelling our advancing forces, causing severe casualties before they seemingly ran out of artillery shells. Unfortunately, the force that remained the men and munitions to adequately carry out the attack and the enemy forces were able to repel them. Reports trickling from the Casa Rosada indicate that the situation is desperate and that they may not hold on much longer.
Stage another attack!
Artillery Successfully Captured
Having chosen to stage an attack on Plaza San Martin, we have fortunately managed to catch the anarchists completely off-guard, who expected us to be kilometres away and to be delayed by their barricades long enough for them to reposition the pieces to the Eastern Area of Puerto Madero. With the capture of the artillery pieces, we now have a massive asset for us to capture the Presidential House, and using coordinates given to us from the presidential house via Radio we're finally starting to cause some heavy casualties to our enemies.
Our men shall soon break through.
Our Forces Break Through
Having chosen to break through the encirclement and get our men out, our valiant attack has taken place along the Avenida de Mayo. While an anarchist artillery barrage took a heavy toll on our forces, we were able to take out all barricades to the presidential house. However, being under heavy bombardment, it's uncertain how long we will be able to hold this line, and comrade Ghioldi in the Casa Rosada has requested that the wounded be evacuated first before the rest of the forces can pull out. Justo has been angered by this decision, stating that it's putting the formerly encircled forces and the relief force at risk if all of them don't evacuate now, specially since Ghioldi himself was amongst the first to be evacuated.
No need to disobey, evacuate the wounded.
Try to keep the encirclement open and extract as many troops as possible.
Artillery Successfully Captured
Having chosen to stage an attack on Plaza San Martin, we have fortunately managed to catch the anarchists completely off-guard, who expected us to be kilometres away and to be delayed by their barricades long enough for them to reposition the pieces to the Eastern Area of Puerto Madero. With the capture of the artillery pieces, we now have a massive asset for us to capture the Presidential House, and using coordinates given to us from the presidential house via Radio we're finally starting to cause some heavy casualties to our enemies. However, Comrade Ghioldi is growing impatient and wants us to utilise the artillery to break through as soon as possible, while Comrade Justo insists that they can keep picking off Anarchist pockets with barrages like they're fish in a barrel.
Comrade Justo is right, keep picking them off!
Comrade Ghioldi is in dire straits, we must help him!
The Government Falls
Having little means to stage another offensive, a terrible transmission arrived to Justo's forces. With the encircled forces having lost Commander Vladimir Ovseyenko and seeing no other choice, Ghioldi has opted to surrender the house and to renounce as Chairman, appointing Di Giovanni as his successor. Di Giovanni, now Chairman of the Argentine Commune, has demanded all troops to stand down. Disgruntled, the Communist officers have decided to head towards the Ports north of Retiro, where a ship awaits them to take them to France. As the new regime formalises, Communist forces lay down their arms or flee into exile along with their remaining leaders.
Damn you, Severino!
Battle Preparations
Having captured the anarchist artillery in Plaza San Martin, we're now ready to take the offensive to the Casa Rosada. With our stranglehold encroaching ever closer to the Government's house, we're now faced with a debacle. Via radio comrade local commander, Vladimir Ovseyenko has requested us to attack fast and hard through the Luna Park area. This would open up the encirclements for our troops to flee north, but the area is heavily defended by the Anarchists who were quick to realise an attack from the north was going to be inevitable. While we have made a series of barrages on the area, it's clear that their forces are hiding inside the buildings and are taking negligible damage based on our scout reports. Comrade Justo on his end has proposed for the artillery to support smaller offensives from the Avenida de Mayo, the Avenida Julio Argentino Roca and the Plaza de Armas, all of them from the opposite direction of the Plaza San Martin. This would ensure the attacks hit the anarchist weak spots and allow our forces to break through the enemy lines in a slower, yet more methodical way. Regardless of the choice, our forces in the Presidential House don't have long before they're overrun, and if they are, then the chances of our rule surviving are slim.
Focus on helping offensives to the south and the west.
There's no time, assault the Luna Park!
The Thrust Fails
With the Anarchists fully expecting an attack on the Luna Park, our forces were decimated by the defenders who employed hidden machine gun nests in the rubble and snipers in the damaged buildings to thin out our forces before their infantry mopped up the rest. While our artillery pieces made a creeping barrage to allow our forces to retreat safely, it's now uncertain whether we'll be able to mount another attack before it's too late
Even Achilles fell, in the end.
The Anarchists Collapse
With all of the columns attacking the weak spots of the Anarchist defence, we were able to slowly push back the Anarchists closer and closer to the Casa Rosada, where they were ultimately forced to break off the encirclement. An anarchist assault via the Luna Park area was attempted to try and retake their guns, but our forces were easily able to hold the line, especially as our new guns found the anarchists exposed without the cover of the collapsed buildings. The losses that the Anarchists have sustained are too prohibitively costly and now it appears they will no longer be able to effectively break out from their encirclement in Puerto Madero. Now, the last thing remaining is to finish mopping up Severino's forces, but our regime seems all but secured.
This is the end for you, Di Giovanni.
Relief Force Suffers
Lacking the equipment and manpower to keep the corridor open, our forces are dwindling heavily as anarchist barrages continue pounding our forces trying to evacuate as many of our wounded soldiers as possible. However, our efforts for evacuating all of the wounded seems to be working as we have rescued practically all of the wounded defending the Casa Rosada. However, with the healthy other half still pinned down by heavy fighting, Justo suggests it may be wise to pull back and then push the anarchist back before trying to rescue their forces from the enemy. After all, with renewed supplies they may be able to hold long enough for us to mount a full scale offensive.
Pull back for now.
Keep the encirclement open.
The Defence of Avenida de Mayo
Opting for keeping the line open, the anarchists have finally realised that we don't intend to retreat from the premises and have begun staging offensives on the sides of the Avenida de Mayo. However, our forces are managing to hold off their attacks and it seems that soon we will be able to retake the offensive and drive these fanatic anarchists back to their positions.
Good news, for a change.
The Avenida de Mayo Offensive
With our troops of the relief force withdrawing from the premises of the Casa Rosada, a small detachment stayed behind to act as a decoy to the Anarchist forces, seemingly indicating that High Value Targets still remained in the building. With them acting as a distraction, Justo ordered a full scale offensive on the entirety of the Anarchist front, and it's only a matter of time before their forces fall against ours.
Justo had nothing to fear, it seems.
Siege of the Casa Rosada Restarted
With our forces trying to keep the lifeline to the Casa Rosada open, a devastating barrage hit our defenders head on, having our forces fall to disarray, where they chose to fall back to the premises of the Palacio San Miguel. However, undeterred, General Justo has ordered another offensive to break the enemy lines, and thanks to the reinforcements pulled from the Casa Rosada along with the fresh reinforcements coming from the interior, it's only a matter of time before the Anarchists fall.
Justo shall guide us to victory!
Justo's Offensive Breaks Through
Despite being forced to attack against his will, Justo was still able to organise a capable attack on the Luna Park area in coordination with an artillery strike. The Anarchist forces, having suffered a lethal blow by an advancing Justo, are now fleeing in disarray towards the coastline, we have managed to secure the Casa Rosada and our government. As our forces march eastwards to finish quelling the rebellion, however, Justo has begun protesting Ghioldi's actions during the crisis, qualifying him as both a cowardly and reckless leader.
Let's hope it's nothing serious.
Battle of Buenos Aires
While we may have secured the majority vote in the Trade Union Congress, it appears the Communists and their supporters are undeterred. Calling for the vanguard to secure the revolution, the Communists and their supporters have begun to move against us. Coming from Rosario after the successful campaign in the interior that helped us win against the reactionaries, they intend to perform a pincer movement on Buenos Aires and cut it off from the rest of the country before moving in for the kill. While we have already called for reinforcements in the south, it's clear that skirmishes have already started throughout the country, and they may be delayed long enough for us not to survive the tide.
We shall endure.
Communist Forces Take San Nicolás de los Arroyos
Outnumbered, we have ordered our forward columns to do a protracted defence, engaging the enemy and retreating before reinforcements could arrive. While this tactic is starting to show results as we are slowly delaying the Communist advance, today we count our first major geographical loss. The small city of San Nicolás de los Arroyos has just been overrun by Communist forces. With the defenders having set up fallback lines from Ramallo to Zarate, it seems the Communist forces are creeping ever closer to the capital. A final confrontation seems inevitable, and we can only hope our allies in the south can come to our aid fast enough.
We have plenty of ground to delay them.
Question of the Paraná
While we have effectively secured control of Buenos Aires and have established our defensive lines, the Communists appear to have regrouped on the other side of the Paraná River. While crossing the Parana to reach Zarate would prove difficult, it's clear that the Communists are poising themselves in a way that they can attack these cities from several angles, limiting our options to deal with their forces. Our officers have submitted two proposals for consideration to deal with the enemy force. The first involves sending our forces across the Parana and taking the fight to the Communists. Scout reports indicate we outnumber them, and by attacking them we may catch them off-guard. The second proposal by our officers is to strap the bridge to Zarate with explosives, making crossing the Paraná via boat the only possible means to reach Zarate and Tigre, the forward defences of Buenos Aires. What should we do?
Attack is the best defence.
The bridge isn't that valuable.
Our Offensive is Decimated
It seemed that our offensive across the Paraná would be a success initially, as we managed to smash through the countryside barricades. However, as the road split towards Gualeguay and Gualeguaychú, our forces also split in order to cover both towns in case of a possible counter offensive. We were then defeated in detail, as each garrison in those towns managed to outnumber, outgun and outmanoeuvre our forces individually, whereas together they might've stood a chance. Regardless, our forward forces have been smashed and are currently retreating back to the Bridge, with the enemy forces hot on their heels.
Is blowing the bridge still in the cards?
Zarate Bridge Destroyed
As the Communist forces reached the bridge, we were lucky our engineers were setting their final charges on the Southern End, and as the Communists began to pour into the bridge, one of our officers took the initiative and decided to let them through into an ambush. Once a sizeable force, of about a regiment, had crossed the bridge with more men on their way, the charges were finally detonated, causing many casualties, and completely demoralising the troops that were now stranded on our side of the river. While officially our officers have reported that the encircled troops surrendered, we have gotten unconfirmed reports that summary executions have been carried out by our troops against their political opponents. It seems like we're back to the times when our nation was in a full blown civil war...
Let's hope the locals aren't mad at our decision...
Defence of the City
With the Communists hot on the heels of our forces, we were unable to set the charges in time to destroy Zarate Bridge, and now the enemy forces are pouring into the town of Zarate. With our forces being evenly matched, and with Tigre being our last line of defence, we now have to decide how we are going to approach this. Some officers have stated that a retreat would help us last long enough for reinforcements from the south to arrive in strength, but some have rightfully pointed out that if we retreated further, we will lose the capital and we would be forced to surrender. In light of these, it has been suggested our troops take over civilian buildings and use them as improvised blockades, forcing the Communists to sweep house by house in order to move forward. This may delay them long enough for reinforcements to arrive, but it would put civilians on harm's way.
Dig in and hold!
Retreat! We still have Tigre!
Defence of the City
With the bridge blown, the Communists have been forced into assaulting Zarate only from the western bank of the Paraná River, facilitating our placement of barricades. However, victory is still far from secure, and a large contingent is approaching Zarate. While our officers are confident that we can hold them on the barricades, some have suggested a retreat towards Tigre would be wiser, and avoid us losing men unnecessarily. However, given the numerical advantage of the Communists, they may be planning to do a pincer movement and encircle Zarate, making a retreat from our entrenched positions a very risky move. What should we do?
Fall back now, we can't lose too many men.
Let them crash on our barricades!
Communists Offensive Halted
After hours of furious urban combat, the Communist offensive has been halted by our brave troops. With the proximity to civilian targets rendering Communist artillery bombardments ineffective, we were able to defeat them in detail this time by forcing sections of the Communist forces to fight in trap-ridden buildings. While their forces remain an active threat in our sector, it seems they will have to find another way into the capital.
A welcome victory.
Communists Take Over Zarate
While our forces had managed to dig in deep into the city, with several lines of barricades, facing off an overwhelming force still proved to be a too tall order. With our forces decimated, the survivors are retreating to Tigre in hopes of mounting a new defence that can stop the Communists.
Is this the end?
Communists Manage to Drive Out Our Forces
Having chosen to have our forces take over civilian buildings for military use, we thought we would have a significant advantage over the Communist forces edging their way into Zarate. However, it seems that this strategy has completely backfired as the locals have informed to the Communists both the locations as well as the size of our forces. With this betrayal, the Communists were easily able to dislodge our forces utilising grenades and artillery barrages. As our sectors got picked off one by one, the order finally came to retreat, and now the surviving men are marching to Tigre to try and organise one last defence.
Is this the end?
Communists Set Aflame
As our forces set up line after line of barricades, the Communist forces, forced to attack from a single angle, crashed on our defences. While we lost the first few defensive lines, the casualties for the Communists vastly surpassed ours, and so Zarate remains under our control. While the Communists remain at the gates, it is clear that their advance is halted and our forces will be reinforced.
We stand victorious!
Moderate Anarchists Remain Dominant
With the end of the TUC the Moderate Anarchists have managed to remain on top of the other TUC members, holding a two thirds majority of the seats. However, many of the seats the USA holds are loyal not to Arango and Soto, but to Giovanni. With Giovanni being an active detractor of the moderates, it seems we will need to take measures about it
Organise a meeting.
Rumours of a Coup
With each hour passing by causing the Congress to grow in uncertainty as the leading coalition seems to be in internal conflict, informants have arrived at the Casa Rosada to inform Chairman Soto that Giovanni not only has no interest in talking but that he is actively plotting to overthrow our government! With little evidence to support or deny these allegations, the chairman will have to decide on his own whether meeting with Giovanni is still worth the trouble.
Extend the invitation regardless.
Prepare to arrest Giovanni!
Meeting with Giovanni is Successful
Despite expectations of the contrary, Giovanni accepted the invitation, and he laid out his demands for his support for the USA to remain in the TUC. While the outcome of the negotiations remains unclear, it seems that Soto and Arango have come out satisfied with the demands, and talks to further bolster the unity within the Anarchists will continue.
A happy ending?
Antonio Soto and Emilio Lopez Arango Assassinated
Terrible news have reached the Congress today, as the Chairman Antonio Soto and his partner Emilio Lopez Arango have been found dead in their residences. While an investigation is currently ongoing as to how the assassins could've reached the Chairman, many are already looking to the TUC to choose a new leader. Severino di Giovanni has come out in the TUC speaking strongly about how despite his differences, this assassination only proves that in this time of uncertainty, more radical measures are required to pacify the nation and further the world revolution. While his call for unity in the USA seems to be well received, many detractors like Diego Abad de Santillan have been quick to point out that Giovanni's anarchists may have been the perpetrators of the Assassination...
Santillan needs to stop his conspiracy theories...
Giovanni Captured!
With the rumours of the coup having swayed chairman Soto, he issued an order to arrest Giovanni. When a column came to capture him, they found him on a meeting with his loyalist members, and while it seemed for a moment that they'd come peacefully, a shoot-out ensued between his inner circle and our forces. Despite heavy casualties for both sides, Severino has been captured alive, and furthermore, evidence of planned assassinations for both chairman Soto and Emilio Lopez Arango have been discovered and will be presented to the Congress for examination soon, where a trial will be held to imprison Giovanni. While many anarchists in the USA still see Giovanni in good eyes, the evidence we will present in the Congress is sure to convince them that, at the very least, Giovanni was taking his revolution too far, to the point of betraying his own revolutionary comrades.
Let's hope this is the end of the radicals...
Central General de los Trabajadores Reborn
After talks with his running partner Ángel Borlenghi, Baldomero has passed a bill via decree today in which he allowed the Central General de los Trabajadores back into the Trade Union Congress, and it made it the de-facto state Union. The Congress, unexpectedly, harshly protested this measure, going so far as to claim that Baldomero is secretly a reactionary by bringing back one of the collaborationist unions with the old regime. However, the membership numbers of the CGT have granted a great deal of power to Baldomero in the Congress, and with the support of the FORA, the CUSC and the USA are unable to repeal his bill. Whether that secures Baldomero's position or further weakens it, remains to be seen...
They have been defeated in their own game, it seems...
The USA and the CUSC Are in Open Conflict
While it was foreseen that the CUSC and USA wouldn't take to the resurfacing of the CGT into the political scene kindly, the extent on which they are willing to go against it has been greatly underestimated. Their complaints have turned from yelling and insults to outright rebellion, with several columns marching in Buenos Aires to try and remove Baldomero from power. Luckily for us, it seems that a lack of coordination and communication between the two have led to them to go into open conflict. According to our agents, they seem to think that one or the other is defending our regime. In the Casa Rosada, many have been quick to point out that now may be the best time to take the fight to them, taking out both their forces before they get a chance to rally reinforcements. Others have said that perhaps it would be best to wait them out, and deal with the remaining forces after their dispute is over, but such a move would be risky since it'd give them a chance to reinforce from outside the city. What should we do?
Let's take the fight to them now!
Let's wait out the storm...
Order Restored
Choosing to strike at both sides while they were too busy fighting each other, the Battle of Buenos Aires has finished in our favour, with our forces managing to catch several enemy columns off-guard, leading to a quick and decisive victory by our smaller forces. With this move, both the CUSC and the USA have been removed from any position of power, and while their seats in the Congress remain, it's only a matter of time before Chairman Baldomero declares their unions illegal and seizes all power for the CGT and the FORA.
A victory for the real socialism.
The International Expeditionary Force Leaves Argentina
With the defeat of the reactionary regime in Argentina, the generals that aided our fledgling military have fulfilled their objectives, and the leadership in [INT.GetNameDef] has recalled them in preparation for the final showdown with Germany. While we will now be left to fend for ourselves, the lessons we've learned with their aid will help us create an armed force capable of aiding the Internationale in their efforts towards World Revolution.
Makhno's duty in Argentina has ended with the defeat of the reactionary regime. The great Ukrainian has achieved ultimate triumph, and [INT.GetNameDef] leadership has recalled him before of the decisive clash with Germany. While we are now on our own, the lessons we've acquired from his and other members of the military mission aid will help us build an armed force capable of assisting the Internationale in their efforts towards World Revolution.
Fare thee well.
International Expeditionary Force Stuck in Argentina
With the defeat of Argentina's reactionary regime, the generals who assisted our fledgling military accomplished their goal. Unfortunately, the Internationale has been vanquished by reactionaries, leaving the generals with nowhere to go. At the very least, they have a safe place to stay, and their skills are still needed in Argentina...
Welcome to your new home...?
Return of the Patagonian Expeditionary Force
Makhno Returns to [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName]
With the defeat of the Argentinian regime, the generals we sent to aid their revolution are now free to return. With their objectives fulfilled, we have recalled them to [Root.GetNameDef] so they might help us in the coming wars with the experience they gained in the Far South.
Since the 1930s, Patagonia has been a haven for socialists, anarchists, and revolutionaries from around the world - a stronghold of the workers next to the reactionary regime of Buenos Aires. The Third Internationale Expeditionary Force, led by Russian Bolshevik exiles Aleksandr Yegorov, Mikhail Frunze and Iosif Stalin alongside the Ukrainian anarchist Nestor Makhno, arrived on behalf of Paris to aid in the world revolution in South America by assisting the Patagonian revolutionaries. When the Russians returned to their home country as a consequence of its recent civil war, the expedition fell under the sole command of Makhno. Under Makhno's leadership, the expeditionary force fought valiantly to defeat the reactionary Argentinian regime and fulfil the unification of Argentina under the banner of the red flag. With their duty complete, the expeditionary force and Makhno are now on their way back home to Paris to continue the revolutionary cause.
Despite the collapse of the Chilean war effort, the generals we sent to aid the Patagonian revolution have successfully evaded capture by reactionary [ARG.GetAdjective] forces. They have now arrived in [Root.GetNameDef]. Even if their mission was ultimately a failure, the experience they gained in the Far South will prove invaluable in the coming conflict against [GER.GetNameDef].
Since the 1930s, Patagonia has been a haven for socialists, anarchists, and revolutionaries from around the world - a stronghold of the workers next to the reactionary regime of Buenos Aires. The Third Internationale Expeditionary Force, led by Russian Bolshevik exiles Aleksandr Yegorov, Mikhail Frunze and Iosif Stalin, alongside the Ukrainian anarchist Nestor Makhno, arrived on behalf of Paris to aid in the world revolution in South America by assisting the Patagonian revolutionaries. When the Russians returned to their home country as a consequence of its recent civil war, the expedition fell under the sole command of Makhno. Despite their valiant efforts, the Patagonian forces found themselves forced to retreat on numerous occasions, until [FOP.GetLeader] was finally forced to attend peace negotiations with the Buenos Aires government. As such, the expeditionary force and Makhno, along with other prominent Patagonian leaders have fled to France, carrying with them the dream that the revolution would return to Argentina one day.
Welcome back, comrades.
Russian Officers Leave for Russia
With a new Red Russia firmly established, the officers from the Internationale that were exiles from Russia have requested their transfer back to help their comrades. While it is a shame to see them go, their help in the last few years has been greatly appreciated, and we hope they are successful in their endeavours.
Safe travels.
Officers Return from [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]
With the outbreak of a revolution in Russia, Marshal Tukhachevsky and his colleagues serving for the Internationale after their exile following the failed October Revolution have returned to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and are willing to help us once more to save Russia from the reactionaries.
The Communists' Final Power Struggle
The Radical Anarchists Final Victory
Giovanni Declared Guilty and Imprisoned
Baldomero Secures Victory
With the Anarchist Forces finally surrendering and Severino di Giovanni being taken in for trial, a power struggle has erupted within the ranks of the CUSC. With Chairman Ghioldi's inaction almost having caused the complete collapse of the revolutionary government to 'Reactionary Agents', Justo has raised a successful no-confidence vote within their party, who has withdrawn their support from Ghioldi in the Congress. Having lost all allies and finding no exit, Ghioldi has opted to resign from his position, leaving the decision of who will be the new Chairman to the majority faction in the TUC. With the USA being almost completely delegitimised by Di Giovanni's actions, the CUSC has become undoubtedly the majority faction of the TUC, and with the power vested in them, they have elected as chairman the hero of the recent events, General Liborio Justo, to lead the nation for the foreseeable future. After being sworn into office, Justo gave a stirring speech stating that the Argentine revolution is only the first step towards the liberation of the proletariat in America from the Imperialists.
With reinforcements arriving from the south, the Anarchist columns have been able to advance from Zarate towards Rosario, smashing the Communist forces in their way. By the time they were on the outskirts of the city, the Communist forces had offered their surrender to us. Chairman Giovanni has accepted their surrender, but has passed a bill, with ample support in the Trade Union Congress, to ban the CUSC from holding any seats at all. While this has caused some stir amongst the Communist Party members, their forces have already been decimated, and risking prison, exile or even outright execution for betrayal of the revolution, most have complied to the ban and have quit from the Trade Union and later the party. The new influx of members in the FORA and the USA have now greatly bolstered the power that Giovanni and the USA hold over the nation. With the nation fully under his command, it remains to be seen whether Giovanni's vision of a nation without a government will manage to survive in practice.
Having presented the information of Giovanni's planned assassination to Soto and Arango to the Congress, the members of the congress, even those holding seemingly radical seats, have plead guilty on the case and Giovanni will now rot away in the Ushuaia Penitentiary. With this move, the power balance in the USA is now solidly on the moderates side, with the radicals having lost their leader and having their close followers de-legitimised. Now, it is up to Chairman Soto and the USA with a majority of the seats in the Congress to deal with bringing back Argentina from the brink of chaos towards a Socialist Utopia.
Facing off against both the USA and the CUSC, Baldomero has come out triumphant and smashed both groups' paramilitaries in Buenos Aires. Ordering the rest of their forces to stand down under the authority of the now consolidated Congress, Baldomero has kept his position of chairman despite the odds. With the CGT and the FORA now as the dominant forces of the TUC, Baldomero stands poised to start the Argentinian reconstruction and see the revolutionary ideals of the Frente Obrero realised, or at least, what he envisioned in the Frente Obrero...
Viva el Secretario General Justo!
Viva el Compañero Di Giovanni!
Viva la Anarquia!
Viva Baldomero!
The CUSC Seizes Power
Led by the now renowned general Liborio Justo, the Communist forces have rallied and managed to reach the Presidential house after defeating the anarchist forces in his path, imprisoning the members of the USA still trapped in the building and declaring himself Chairman of the Argentine Commune. The Trade Union Congress was convened and the members of the USA outright kicked out from the Congress, with the other unions recognising the new chairman, whether out of loyalty or out of fear. Whether this move will secure the Congress' power or undermine it and focus it on the Chairman, it remains to be seen. What it is known is that the balance of power in the nation continues to only change through violent means...
Revolution requires sacrifice.
The Radical Anarchists Manage to Take Over
Despite the CUSC's best efforts, Severino di Giovanni's forces have been successful in taking over the Casa Rosada after dealing with the Communist forces, imprisoning the chairman and forcing him to sign a resignation, handing over the power to the USA and to the now Chairman Severino di Giovanni. The Trade Union Congress was later convened, and the new Chairman has been officially sworn in, with some coercion necessary towards some of the opposing unions. With this hostile take over, many speculate that the USA now holds undisputed power, and that the Trade Union Congress holds no real power anymore. Whether that means Giovanni's rule will be more autocratic, or less given his anarchist ideas, remains to be seen...
What a paradox.
Status of Immigration
During the Conquest of the Desert, the Argentinian Government was eager to attract settlement to the region. Among those who came were Welsh Settlers, who established the community of Y Wladfa in 1865. While they are the most famous, there are also many other European settlements in the region. These settlements are seen as an example of cultural replacement by the Natives, and while these settlements will be allowed to stay for the sake of stability in our kingdom, we will have to decide whether we want to keep encouraging settlers to keep coming to our nation.
We will reduce immigration.
Patagonia is open for everyone!
The Question of Religion
Prior to colonisation, the native Mapuche followed an extensive belief system. Their religion is similar to other native faiths found on the continent, being decentralised and largely centred around myths and spirits. While there have been many efforts to spread Christianity into the region, there have always been holdouts of the old ways; in some cases even some merging of old Mapuche myths into local legends. As part of our effort to gain support from Mapuche groups, many are calling on the king to recognise the old faith as the official religion in the kingdom. On the other hand there are the King's inner circle of advisors who are deeply influenced by highly Catholic integralist teachings, they argue that we must adopt Catholicism as our official faith and intensify efforts to spread the faith. Others members of the cabinet have suggested that we take neither side, and allow both groups to coexist and spread in peace in our nation. What should we decide?
Give Mapuche traditions their rightful place.
Catholicism is here to stay.
We should strive for tolerance in our society - let each faith have its place.
Declaration of the [FROM.GetName]
The forces of the Frente Obrero Patagónico have triumphed decisively over Carlés' Argentina and seized the capital of Buenos Aires. With this victory the socialists have openly proclaimed the creation of a \
A serious victory for socialism.
Moderate Socialists Restore [FROM.GetName]
When war raged between Carlés' Argentina and Chilean-backed Patagonia no one would've thought that [FROM.GetName] would survive the day. In an astounding turn of events the Palacios led coalition of the USA has declared [FROM.GetName] reborn and a return of the suspended constitution.\n\nIntegrating many member of the other factions, they have begun implementing a more liberal democratic system than either their comrades or the Carlés Regime. It is unknown whether Patagonia will survive the turbulence of such a regime change but many are hopeful for the nascent regime and their isolationist policy.
Best of luck to them.
Communists Seize Power in Argentina
After the Socialist victory in the Argentino-Chilean War, the government seemed to be slowly settling down for the Argentinian Nation. However, the results of the recent Argentinian Trade Union Congress seemed to have not been satisfactory for the Comite de Unidad Sindical Clasista (CUSC), which, led by the now Chairman Liborio Justo, spearheaded a coup d'etat.\n\nWhile they faced some resistance, the fledgling government's forces were unable to stop the Communists, and the Congress is now fully in control of the CUSC. Whether this will put an end to the violent political disputes in Argentina or further inflame tensions on the war-weary populace, it remains to be seen...
Socialist calls for unity only go so far, it seems...
Comrade against comrade, is this really the way?
Radical Anarchists Seize Power in Argentina
After the Socialist victory in the Argentino-Chilean War, the government seemed to be slowly settling down for the Argentinian Nation. However, the results of the recent Argentinian Trade Union Congress seemed to have not been satisfactory for the Unión Sindical Argentina (USA). While the moderates accepted the result, radicals quickly staged their own takeover, led by Severino di Giovanni.\nAfter marching on the Presidential house, they proceded to take over the Congress, where Severino has now been sworn is a Chairman, and the rivaling unions of the USA have been removed from the Congress.\nWhether this will put an end to the violent political disputes in Argentina or further inflame tensions with the war weary populace, it remains to be seen...
Socialist calls for unity only go so far, it seems...
Comrade against comrade, is this really the way?
[FOP.GetAdjective] Chairman Found Dead
After the Socialist victory in the Argentino-Chilean War, the government seemed to be slowly settling down for the Argentinian Nation. With the results pointing at a clear majority of the Unión Sindical Argentina (USA), many were expecting the new government to finally stabilise the situation. However, it seems that was not meant to be, as Chairman Antonio Soto, and his main political ally, Emilio Lopez Arango, have been found dead.\nThe moderates in the USA, now leaderless, quickly lost their grip on the union to the leader of the radicals, Severino di Giovanni, who was quick to uncover a conspiracy by the other Congress factions and quickly executed a takeover. While many see the uncovering of this conspiracy as the turning point of Argentinian Political stability, others wonder if the rule of Severino will live up to his predecessors.
How barbaric!
Let's hope the new Chairman can handle the situation.
Chairman Baldomero Removed from Power
After the Socialist victory in the Argentino-Chilean War, the government seemed to be settling down for Argentina. With the results pointing at a clear majority of the Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA), many were expecting the new government to assume its duties and finally stabilise the situation. However, this unfortunately never came to be, as Anarchist and Communist forces both clashed at the capital, and the victorious side from the skirmish quickly went against Chairman Baldomero's forces. After securing Baldomero's resignation, [FOP.GetLeader]'s forces quickly took over the Congress, expelled the opposition and sworn [FOP.GetLeader] as the new chairman. Whether this will put an end to the violent political disputes in Argentina or further inflame tensions with the war weary populace, it remains to be seen...
Socialist calls for unity only go so far, it seems...
Comrade against comrade, is this really the way?
Grandes Trabajos de Progreso
A new war is on the horizon, and reactionaries in Buenos Aires can launch it at any time, therefore we must be prepared. New roads, supply hubs, expanded food production and railway network have the potential to significantly strengthen our supply chain and allow us to deploy additional troops.
Construct Supply Hub near [ARG.GetAdjective] Border
Expand [CHL.GetAdjective] Railways to Patagonia
Expand Food Production in [FROM.GetName]
Upgrade Roads in [FROM.GetName]
Islas Malvinas Development
Improve Infrastructure on the Islands
Move Argentines To the Islands
Expand the Southern Atlantic Naval Bases
Socialist Immigration
After stabilising our nation, we are now able to take advantage of the rising immigration to our nation. Many socialists and syndicalists in Europe see the necessity of spreading their ideology to the world, and we are the first socialist South American nation that has the chance to spread it across the continent. This gives us the opportunity to further boost our population and to become the South American home for socialism.\n\nProjected Immigration Report for [GetYear] : §G[?FOP.fop_im_factor]%§!
Attract [FROM.GetAdjective] Socialists
Immigration to Argentina
Adds Modifier: §YImmigration to Argentina§!
§LAfter stabilising our nation, we are now able to take advantage of the rising immigration to our nation. People from the Old World, running from wars and instability, are eager to settle in Argentina. Immigration speeds up ongoing industrialisation but increases tensions in the society.\n\nThis modifier will be increased with more immigrants arriving to our country.§!\n\n
Steel Refining Begins
Steel Refining Expands
Oil Extraction Begins
Oil Extraction Expands
Patagonian Resource Exploitation Completed
Integrating Northern Argentina
Expanding the Administration
End the Chaos
Integrate the Northern Administration
Rebuild the Administrative Structures
Appoint Revolutionary Bureaucrats
Handling the Civil Unrest
Propaganda Offensive
Secure the Proletariat
Suppress the Countryside
Re-educate the Military Officers
Reconstructing the North
Begin Reconstruction
Rebuild the Cities
Rebuild the Industrial Centres
Collectivise the Countryside
Strike the Reactionaries!
Strike [FROM.GetNameDef]!
Nationalise British Rails
Nationalise German Rails
Industrial Expansion Plans
Industrialise [FROM.GetName]
[FOP_socialist_civs_for_state_loc] of [FROM.GetName]
Socialist Industrialisation
Anarchist Development
Communist Expansion
Sabotage Decisions
In order to lay the groundwork for our invasion of the North, we have received plans to infiltrate and begin to sow chaos and disorder behind the reactionary lines. Sending in our brave comrades to sabotage infrastructure and stir up the local populace to aid us in our revolution.
Infiltrate [FROM.GetName]
Prepare Railway Sabotage in [FROM.GetName]
Prepare Terrorist Cells in [FROM.GetName]
Conduct Railway Sabotage
Launch Terror Campaign
LP
Liga Patriótica Argentina\n§LA far-right paramilitary group similar to the Romanian Iron Guard, the Liga Patriótica Argentina has become the most influential political organisation within Argentina since the Chistmas Coup.\n\nLiga was found in 1919, when Carlés was appointed as a commander of the paramilitary volunteers that were sent in to end protests of the workers on English-owned plant. 'Liga Patriótica Argentina', as they called themselves, were responsible for the murder of hundreds of striking workers. In 1921 and 1922, during the rebellion in Patagonia, LPA forces caused gruesome acts of violence against strikers both in Patagonia and during a general strike in Buenos Aires.\n\nIn 1930 Liga participated in Uriburu's coup, who, with the support of the army and the LPA, ousted the government and installed a corporatist, ultranationalist military dictatorship. In 1932, the military regime collapsed after Uriburu's death. After a power struggle, UCR member Julio Roca became the new head of state. Roca began to seek a peace settlement with the Patagonians. Carlés took advantage of the popular outrage and launched a coup d'état on the 24th of December 1935 when Liga with the support of navy and parts of the military captured the capital.\n\nThe LPA sees the salvation of Argentina, the return to former greatness and the removal of all hostile elements as their primary goal; they act extremely populist on the outside, claiming to serve the Argentinian people for a greater good.\n\nFounded: §Y1919§!\nIdeology:\n- National populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Nationalism§!\n
Libertadores de Junio
Libertadores de Junio (Grupo de Oficiales Unidos)\n§LIt is a secret club that reflects and comprises 'the heart and soul of the military leadership.' It is also known as the Group of United Officers (GOU). Created during Julio Argentino Pascual Roca presidency in 1933 due to military opposition to possible peace treaty with Patagonian socialists.\n\nAlthough they oppose ex-President Roca's conciliatory stance with the FOP's 'godless socialists,' they are disillusioned of Carlés policies, viewing him as a 'dangerous radical,' and would prefer a firmer hand, one that has the backing of the Argentine people behind it...\n\nThis group has strong nationalist and Catholic ideas.\n\nFounded: §Y1933§!\nIdeology:\n- Militarism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Catholic conservatism§!\n
PJ
Partido Justicialista\n§LAlthough not a party they are an important group, they comprise Juan Domingo Perón's political network who themselves are only a few radical Argentine officers and some trade union leaders. Perón espouses a concept of a party in service of a strong and just leader who would unify the population into bringing about social justice, these ideas however marginal, hold great appeal to a population tired of political squabbling and sterile dictatorships. It remains to be seen whenether Perón's group hold any sway in the new Argentinian political climate.\n\nFounded: §Y1930s§!\nIdeology:\n- Populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Personality Cult\n- Reformism§!\n
UCRA
Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista\n§LThe UCRA was part of a broad movement calling itself 'anti-personalist', which questioned the figure of Hipólito Yrigoyen (president from 1916-1922 / 1928-1930), whom they accused of being 'personalist' and undemocratic. Created in 1924 from a rupture within the UCR, In the 1928 elections, it presented the candidacy of Leopoldo Melo, who lost to Hipólito Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR. Starting in 1932, it joined the coalition called the Concordancia that won the 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca becoming a president.\n\nFounded: §Y1924§!\nIdeology:\n- Conservatism\n- Capitalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDN
Partido Demócrata Nacional\n§LThe PDN (PNA until 1932) was one of Argentina's oldest political parties and closely connected to the Roca family, who provided two Argentinian Presidents in the last 50 years: Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz (1880-1886, 1898-1904) and Julio Argentino Pascual Roca (1932-1935).\n\nIt was created on March 15th, 1874, after the union of the Autonomist Party and the National Party. It was since its inception a highly important party, and the Roca family became very influential within the party, with Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz becoming a president in 1880-1886 and 1898-1904. It later became the bedrock of la edad de oro (1880 - 1916), boasting a booming economy and a flood of immigrants from Europe which strengthened Argentina's industry, becoming one of the most prosperous contries in the world before the Weltkrieg. Meanwhile, its main rival became the Radical Civic Union (UCR). It was criticised for its use of election fraud, which lead to PNA dissolving with its members joining Conservative Party and the Democratic Progressive Party.\n\nFollowing Uriburu's death in early 1932, the PNA was reborn as Partido Demócrata Nacional (PDN) for the upcoming 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca being its leader, and PDN, thanks to electoral fraud, won by a landslide. Roca was inaugurated president, and he promised to find a compromise with their syndicalist neighbours Patagonia and Chile. Although many hoped that Roca would bring back the good old times and strengthen Argentina's position globally, this did not happen.\n\nAlthough he took a less radical course than Uriburu and developed plans to recapture the lost territories at Patagonia, launching small skirmishes into FOP territory and successfully retaking Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego thanks to the navy, he scrapped plans to send the army into Patagonian core territory, deciding to focus more on improving the economy. Roca's takeover disgruntled the military and the LPA, and due to his political liberalisation, rumours started to spread in 1935 that there would be an imminent peace settlement with the Patagonians, causing outrage across the nation. This was enough for Carlés and the LPA to launch a coup on Christmas day, putting Roca and his ministers under temporary house arrest as Carlés proclaimed himself President.\n\nFounded: §Y1932§!\nIdeology:\n- Economic liberalism\n- Conservative liberalism§!\n
UCR
Unión Cívica Radical\n§LFounded on June 26th, 1891, the party quickly became influential over Argentine politics, causing the 1893 Radical Revolution and the 1905 Radical Revolution, which later led to reform in terms of election fraud. Two presidents of Argentina to be part of the Radical Civic Union were §YHipólito Yrigoyen§! and §YMarcelo Torcuato de Alvear§!.\n\nIn 1916 the Argentine General Election took place, being the first where the Roque Sáenz Peña Law was implemented, establishing universal, secret and compulsory male suffrage. Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR, ended up winning the elections.\n\nHis tumultous presidency between 1916 - 1922, with the secession of Patagonia, had Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear replace him as the UCR candidate for the 1922 elections, which he won. Argentina saw slight economic improvement right until the British Revolution occurred, which led to the crash of April 1925. Despite this, Alvear ordered the navy to capture the Falkland Islands and South Georgia. This increased morale and trust in the government, but led to the radicalisation of the military which had been previously humiliated by the Patagonian Rebellion, and now stood in the shadow of the popular navy.\n\nIn 1928, Yrigoyen was surprisingly appointed as the Radical Civic's Union candidate for the general elections instead of the current and relatively popular Marcelo Alvear. Despite this, Yrigoyen won by a large margin, which led many to speculate that it was due to election fraud.\n\nYrigoyen's most important opposition was the military, which started planning a coup against him. This eventually happened on September 6th, 1930, as Uriburu, with support from Carlés and the LPA, took over and proclaimed himself president of Argentina, banning political parties, arresting democratic politicians and suspending the 1853 Constitution. Yrigoyen's supporters, called Yrigoyenists, were tortured alongside other political opponents of his regime. Yrigoyen himself was held under arrest at the Martín García Island.\n\nUriburu eventually died in early 1932, and Argentina went back to democracy under conservative politician Julio Argentino Pascual Roca.\n\nFounded: §Y1891§!\nIdeology:\n- Liberalism\n- Radicalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDP
Partido Demócrata Progresista\n§LAfter its creation in 1914, it gained some popularity and gained over 100,000 votes in the 1916 general elections. It became Argentina's third-most important party after the popular Radical Civic Union and the National Autonomist Party, battling the spot with the Socialist Party. After Uriburu's coup, the Democratic Progressive Party regained some popularity.\n\nFounded: §Y1914§!\nIdeology:\n- Social Democracy\n- Protectionism\n- Federalism§!\n
FORA
Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (IX Congreso)\n§LThe Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA), sometimes simply called Partido Socialista (PS), is a broad moderate socialist party which mostly backs the course of Soto and Lopez Arango. The party is dominated by two influential and charismatic figures: Manuel Baldomero Ugarte, an old guard socialist with nationalist anti-imperialist and Hispanicist roots and Alfredo Palacios, who was the fist elected socialist deputy in the Americas back in 1904. Baldomero's and Palacios' alliance however is quite weak and they are only interested in upholding their pact until the country is finally “liberated”. Other important members of the PS include Alicia Moreau de Justo, leading Argentine anarchist, and Nicolás Repetto, called by some the 'Father of Argentinian Socialism' who however mostly lives off of past glories.\n\nFounded: §Y1901§!\nIdeology:\n- Radical Socialism§!\n
USA
Unión de Sindicatos Argentinos\n§LIn 1936, The Anarcho-Syndicalists are by far the most influential political faction in the Patagonian Worker's Front. The moderates, under the leadership of Antonio Soto, hero of the Patagonian Rebellion, and Emilio López Arango, one of the most important theorists of the anarchist labourmovement in Argentina and a FORA member from Buenos Aires, have ruled the FOP in a stable coalition for over ten years; Soto and Arango are seen as ideological unifiers, however radical circles within the party have begun to criticise the moderates louder than ever in recent times, demanding further decentralisation of the state to finally achieve the long-awaited Anarchist utopia. The radical wing of the USA is dominated by Severino Di Giovanni, a native Italian who only arrived in Patagonia after the horrors of the Italian Civil War, and Miguel Arcángel Roscigna, a known criminal pushing for the very controversial 'expropriative anarchism'.\n\nFounded: §Y1922§!\nIdeology:\n- Syndicalism\n- Anarchism§!\n
CUSC
Comité de Unión Sindical Clasista\n§LThe CUSC is dominated by Bolsheviks, communists and other right-leaning socialists, many of whom hail from Russia. Chairman of the party is Victorio Codovilla, former leader of the old Buenos Aires-based Communist Party of Argentina, but the true power within the CUSC lays in the hands of Rodolfo Ghioldi; Young, charismatic and radical, he is seen as superior to Codovilla by many of his party colleagues. The latter however has good relations to the Bolshevik émigré community in the Commune of France and therefore to the Syndicalist International as a whole, making his position fairly entrenched as of now. The infamous bandit Alfredo Fonte, while largely irrelevant in politics, also has ties to the CUSC leadership, along with the infamous 'politician' Liborio Justo.\n\nFounded: §Y1929§!\nIdeology:\n- Communism§!\n
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
Argentina
Argentinian
Argentina
People's Republic of Argentina
the Democratic People's Republic of Argentina
Argentinian Free Territory
the Argentinian Free Territory
Socialist Republic of Argentina
the Socialist Republic of Argentina
Araucania
Araucanian
Araucania
Andesia
Andesian
Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
Patagonia
Patagonian
Patagonia
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Argentine Commune
the Argentine Commune
Argentine Commune
the Argentine Commune
Argentina
the Argentine Republic
Rodolfo Ghioldi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRodolfo Jose Ghioldi began his career in the Argentinian Communist party right as it formed in 1917, being elected as the vice-president Federación de Juventudes Socialistas. He worked as a teacher the following years as the revolution in Russia waned, and once the events of the Semana Tragica and the Patagonia Rebelde occurred, he was laid off from his work during the following red scare due to his political views. Seeing little purpose in staying in his home city of Buenos Aires, Ghioldi pulled strings in the Communist Party to be sent to Patagonia with his brothers Americó and Orestes. After his arrival, factional disputes between the Party and the Anarchists led the leader of the party, Luis Emilio Recabarren, to eventually commit suicide. With the help of Moisés Isaakovich Kantor, Ghioldi was quickly able to campaign and become the leader of the Communist Party, leading it from 1924 onwards with the help of his brother Orestes. The compromising nature of Ghioldi was able to help defuse the tensions between Anarchists and Communists in Patagonia, helping both coordinate their efforts against their common enemy in Argentina, but while this has made him a respectable figure among moderate circles and the opposition, the radicals within the Party have been quick to accuse Ghioldi of favouring other parties' interests above theirs.§!
Antonio Soto
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1897, in Ferrol, Province of La Coruña, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntonio Soto Canalejo's' father died when he was very young, and he was forced to move to Argentina with his brother when he was just thirteen years old. Already as a teenager, he was exposed to the anarchist ideals by the people he met while he travelled with the 'Serrano-Mendoza' travelling theatre company. He participated in a strike of trade employees in Trelew, Chubut province, that turned into an open rebellion, with him fighting alongside the strikers. Although the revolt was crushed, he gained valuable experience for his future uprising.\n\nWhen the Second Patagonic Strike came about, after wealthy landlords decided to ignore the requests that had been agreed between the strikers and the government, he decided to join up with the strikers and organise their insurrection. The strike led up to a stand-off at the 'La Anita' farm, where Soto rallied the disillusioned workers with a fiery speech and managed to hold back an army detachment lead by Lieutenant Colonel Varela. His forces began growing with simple workers who wanted better working conditions and eager idealists alike, slowly but steadily managing to drive the army to a stalemate until the affair became public and the government called off the military. 'El Gallego' has become a legendary figure for the workers in the FOP and anarchists worldwide, and having allied with Emilio Lopez Arango in order to secure the stability of the USA, much is expected from the chairman for the following years...§!
Manuel Baldomero Ugarte
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1875, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy family, he attended the 'Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires', where he became an avid reader and enthusiast writer. In 1897, he travelled to Paris in order to continue his studies. He assisted Philosophy and Sociology courses and began following Jean Jaurés after the US's intervention of Cuba in 1894, where he began manifesting his hatred towards imperialism. He joined up a group of young writers in Argentina and they all affiliated the Partido Socialista. However, the Partido Socialista's conservative leadership by Juan B. Justo quickly antagonised the young group, which formed its own more combative faction within the PS.\n\nWhen the FOP broke off, Ugarte couldn't stand Juan B. Justo's inaction, and decided to leave towards the newly-born nation. While Ugarte has shown devotion to the revolutionary ideals, he also has many differences with his fellow revolutionaries. He staunchly defends freedom of religion and the concept of nations, reaffirming his love for the Argentine nation and culture. However, he also believes in joining forces with other socialists in order to stop imperialism into South America, and as such, he'll strive to unite South America under his banner.§!
Antonio III
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1888, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L\
Liborio Justo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of the Argentine General Agustin P. Justo, 'Quebracho' was raised within a military background as his father worked as headmaster of the El Palomar Military Academy, allowing Justo to spend time with whom, ironically, he'd end up fighting against during the revolution. While generally shielded by his father from the anti socialist regimes that kept appearing in Argentina, Liborio decided to embark on a personal crusade southwards, first touring through the vast expanses of Patagonia to mingle with the rural peasantry, and later to fully join the revolutionary movement as an asset, having prepared for it bringing as many books as he could muster from his father's collection in El Palomar. Quickly, he became one of the most important assets for the Communist militias trying to face off the Argentine Army, and while far from being as skilful as his father, he proved to be a decent field commander. This, paired with his firebrand advocacy for South American revolution and the overall overthrow of Capitalism, quickly allowed him to rise in relevance in the Communist party, and while he originally lacked the political clout to beat Ghioldi, Liborio eventually got his chance to shine in the coup against the government. Now standing as chairman, Liborio has even publicly stated that he sees himself as a 'Messiah of the Latin American Revolution', and that the Argentine revolution is just the first step towards a bigger plan...§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of the Argentine General Agustin P. Justo, 'Quebracho' was raised within a military background as his father worked as headmaster of the El Palomar Military Academy. He entered the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Buenos Aires in 1919, during the zenith of the University Reform. Liborio quickly subscribed to this political movement and through out the 20s would publish related articles. Soon Justo subscribed to Marxism, as well as bolshevism and joined the ranks of the CUSC. Later Justo left for Patagonia to participate in the 'Argentine Revolution', where he would meet many important individuals who would propel his career. Overtime Justo began to agitate more and more for Patagonia to take a similar course to that of Bolshevik Russia, advocating for an internationalist, centralised and communist government. Within the CUSC he would lead the growing 'radical' wing, which aims to wrestle the leadership of the party from the 'moderates', led by Rodolfo Ghioldi. Quickly, he became one of the most important assets for the Communist militias trying to face off the Argentine Army, and while far from being as skilful as his father, he proved to be a decent field commander.§!
Paulina Mansurova
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of Russian Bolshevik exiles, Paulina learned from her family the crude reality of the Russian Civil War. Nevertheless, when the FOP formed, she decided to risk her life in order to help the revolution. Despite not having formal military experience, her handling of both Spanish and Russian language have facilitated communication between the military staff and many of the Russian exiles who now reside in the FOP.§!\n\n§YNotes: She's known to be in contact with Mikhail Frunze and Mikhail Tukhachevsky, from whom she's currently learning formal military strategy.§!
Miguel Arcángel Roscigna
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMiguel Arcángel Roscigna, inspired by the assassination of police chief Ramón L. Falcón at the hands of the anarchist Simón Radowitzky in 1909, began taking an interest in anarchism and reading anarchist literature during most of the 1910s, taking part in several anarchist groups. In 1924 he made up his mind and decided to aid Radowitzky and several anarchists to escape from the Ushuaia Penitenciary by signing up as a prison guard there. With the aid of Apolinario Barrera and the Chileans Ramón Cifuentes and Ernesto Medina, they were able to organise a successful breakout and reached the FOP just as the Argentinian coastal guard was about to catch up to them. Since then Roscigna has signed up in the FOP's militias and his popularity after the breakout has led him to be chosen to lead by his own troops. However, learning about the events in the Russian Revolution, he has grown wary of the communists in the FOP, and actively works to sideline and hinder their influence.§!\n\n§YNotes: Close friend of Radowitzky and of Buenaventura Durruti. Aligned with the Radical anarchist faction. Strongly opposed to the Communist Faction.§!
Marc Augier
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1908, in Bordeaux, Gironde, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMarc Augier grew up amidst the chaos and suffering of the Weltkrieg. After the defeat at the hands of the Germans and the Civil War, the Revolution brought with it peace and prosperity. Augier graduated into college under a syndicalist government, where he started a law degree but eventually left to pursue his passion for Alpinism. He also expressed sympathies for the Sorelian faction and served in the local militias. During an expedition to Patagonia, he came into contact with life in the 'Revolutionary Frontier', a place where bureaucracy hadn't yet 'corrupted' the revolution. Seeing how formidable the Andes were and that all help was welcome, he enlisted into the Patagonian Army in 1932. He quickly climbed through the ranks due to his expertise in mountain warfare, as well as Ugarte's political support.§!\n\n§YNotes: He's known to be in contact with Jacques Doriot, but he has so far refused to return to France, where he thinks his primitivist views will still clash with those of his fellow revolutionaries. Aligned with Ugarte's faction.§!
Umberto Lanciotti
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1894, in Forano, Umbria, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt the age of 19, Umberto emigrated from Italy to France and then to the United States in order to find work. While in the United States, he went on to a long and prolific career of hopping from one job to the next, accumulating experience in coal mines and refineries, automobile factories, and banks. With the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, he ran into issues with the law and went into hiding, finding his way to Detroit where he became an active participant in the anarchist scene of the city. In June of 1920, he served as a waiter aboard the cruise ship Andrea Costa where he secretly returned to Genoa, working alongside the new Socialist Republic to repair the railroads before leaving for Britain surreptitiously 7 months later. In March of 1925, he then travelled to Buenos Aires and then crossed the Rio Negro to link up with the Anarchist forces there, meeting Severino di Giovanni. His ability to clandestinely move about and terrorise the forces of the reactionary north, along with his fierce loyalty and determination, quickly prompted him to rise up the ranks.§!\n\n§YNotes: Aligned with the Radical Anarchist faction.§!
Kurt Gustav Wilckens
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1886, in Bad Bramstedt, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving studied for most of his youth to become a gardener, economic hardship forced him to enlist in the German Army in 1906 where he was assigned to the Garde Schutzen Bataillons of Prussia. When his mandatory 4 years of service were over, he travelled to the United States to learn more about gardening, and it was there where he learned about anarchism. After taking part in several strikes and industrial sabotages, he was deported back to Germany in 1920. Having learned in the US about the growing anarchist movement in Argentina, he quickly sailed once more towards the new world, arriving at Buenos Aires the 29th of September 1920. He began working in the FAUD sponsored local newspaper 'Der Syndikalist' of the German community until the Great Patagonic strikes came to be. After the initial months of near disbelief at the events, Wilckens decided to join his brothers in the south with Andrés Vázquez Paredes helping in his escape. Despite his extremely pacifist posture, he has decided to join the FOP's militia and his gentleness as well as his conviction has managed to make him rise through the ranks.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although willing to take up arms for the anarchist ideals, Wilckens despises violence in all of its forms. Aligned with the Moderate Anarchist faction.§!
Esteban Lucich
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Dubrovnik, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEsteban Lucich lacks any formal military experience, but he has become friends with the illegalist anarchist professor Germán Boris Vladimirovich, who has convinced Lucich to join the FOP's army. Since then, Lucich has proven his strategic talent, although he has proven to be cruel towards his own troops in order to reach his objectives.§!\n\n§YNotes: Lucich is known to have a psychotic and ruthless personality, which gives him a bad reputation among the FOP's populace and his troops. Aligned with the Radical anarchist faction§!
Micaela Feldman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1902, in Moisés Ville, Santa Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a Jewish family that escaped the Tsarist pogroms, Mika has taken an active political role since she was 15 years old. In 1923, Mika flees to the FOP with her husband, Hipólito Etchebéhère. She has since then joined the FOP's army, gaining plenty of experience with the constant skirmishes along the border with Argentina.§!\n\n§YNotes: Aligned with the Communist faction.§!
Juan Antonio Moran
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1895, in Rosario, Santa Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was a helmsman sailor by trade and twice became secretary of the Federation of Maritime Workers. He also led port strikes that were notorious for their ferocity. Juan Antonio Morán participated in the 1922 General Strike in Buenos Aires, where he fought alongside members of the Federation of Maritime Workers against paramilitary Liga Patriótica squads. Later, he and the majority of the Federation's active members joined protesting workers in Patagonia, where he is in charge of the fishing industry, convoys to Chile and the Internationale, as well as naval reconaissance.§!
Luis Alberto Quesada
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1919, in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFearing prosecution, his parents fled to Patagonia in 1922. He is still pursuing his military education; for example, in 1935, he visited the French Commune and received basic military training as a pilot. He is one of the Patagonian army's youngest corporal officers, but he shows great promise.§!
Alfredo Palacios
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1878, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfredo Lorenzo Ramón Palacios has long since been a symbol of the growth of moderate socialism in Argentina. Known as the 'Lawyer of the Poor' for accepting to act as lawyer in cases where his clients, usually working class members, could not afford his services without charging them, Alfredo became the first Socialist deputy in Argentina by earning the votes of the workers of the Immigrant-dominated neighbour of La Boca. As deputy, he continuously pushed for pro-labour legislation, but due to the complicated Argentinian political landscape or his own personal convictions, he was never able to finish any of his mandates as deputy. Having being kicked out of the Socialist party in 1915 for accepting to duel another politician (an act that was forbidden by the party), he worked mostly as Professor in the Universidad de Buenos Aires until he became headmaster of the Universidad Nacional de La Plata. Unlike the Ugartistas in the Socialist Party, Palacios silently opposed the Patagonian revolution, choosing instead to campaign for change within the system until the Christmas Coup forced Palacios to go into hiding. Resurfacing after the Patagonian victory, Alfredo was quickly able to utilise his political clout to earn his candidacy to General Secretary, and now, he stands as the leader of the Argentine nation. An idealist man, Palacios seeks to follow Juan B. Justo's dream, and so he'll seek to restore the Argentine Republic as it was before the revolution, before continuing to reform it into being a workers' paradise.§!
Severino di Giovanni
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1901, in Chieti, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSeverino Di Giovanni arrived in Argentina as a young adult refugee from the Italian Civil War, in one of the many waves of Italian immigrants that arrived in the nation over the last few decades. Settling in the town of Morón, he began working in the anarchist newspaper La Antorcha before the events of the Patagonic Strikes led him to flee to the South. Once in Patagonia, he settled in Puerto Madryn and began working on his own newspaper, called the 'Culmine'(Culminate), where he attempted to coordinate the southern anarchists not just against the reactionaries in the north, but against those who he deemed as pseudo-revolutionary political parties aiming to manipulate the revolution just to gain extra votes. As the war with the north dragged on, he rose quickly within the ranks of the USA, and his role as a challenging voice against Soto and Arango quickly came to a head. Now that he stands as the new Chairman, Severino has an even more radicalised version of a Workers' Utopia than any other faction dares to conceive, and it remains uncertain whether the USA will continue to support him as thoroughly as it has so far if his ideas and the idea of pragmatically rebuilt Argentina collide.§!
Guillermo Mac Hannaford
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1890, in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a well-off family, Guillermo Mac Hannaford had enjoyed a rather comfortable position in the army, serving as part of a military attaché to Bolivia before serving under Gen. Nicolás Accame. It was at this point however that things took a turn for the worst, and the Major found himself accused of spying on behalf of Paraguay and Chile, leaking state secrets to the powers in question. From what our investigations can surmise, these charges appear to be fabricated and devised as part of a GOU-backed plan to remove him from his position. Ultimately however his sentence was ended prematurely when he was rescued from captivity by our forces. While some may doubt his ideological commitments, the fact he is one of the few Argentine officers to join our cause makes him a welcome addition.§!\n\n§YNotes: Neutral in the factional disputes.§!
Consejo del Reino
§YFounded:§! §L1860, in Araucanía, Wallmapu§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFormally constituted in 1860 to serve as something of an equivalent to the British House of Lords for the French adventurer Orélie-Antoine I's ephemeral kingdom, the \
Leonidas Barletta
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine socialist narrator and essayist, Leónidas Barletta belongs to the writers of the Grupo de Boedo who defend social realism. After rebellion in Patagonia he fled South, where he is mostly involved in journalism and playwriting. He is the editorial secretary of the magazine 'Claridad' and directs the cultural newspaper 'Propósitos', a forum for the independent Argentine left. Through newspapers and magazines he publishes articles in which he defended the value of literature as a testimony and denunciation of social problems, as well as spreads cultural influence of the socialism.§!
Emilio López Arango
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1894, in Cudillero, Province of Oviedo, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in 1894 in the principality of Cudillero, located in the province of Oviedo, Spain, to family of fishermen. He emigrated to Cuba at 14, where he was in contact with the proletarian privations making his first weapons as a salaried worker due to his material needs. He later returned to Spain and then Argentina in 1910 joining the bakers' guild, becoming part of the bakers' workers' organisation in Buenos Aires, where he soon became one of the most active militants, becoming editor of 'El Obrero Panadero' (The Baker Worker). He couldn't attend school due to it being too costly for his family, so he learned by himself. During a strike, he was arrested due to a clas between the strikers and strikebreakers, being processed and sentenced to a year and a half in prison. There, he met with militants Apolinario Barrera, Teodoro Antilli and others, as well as having time to practise writing and reading a lot. After being released from prison, serving the full sentence, he returned to his guild, returning to being editor of El Obrero Panadero. Then, he passed to the anarchist newspaper 'La Protesta' (The Protest), where he later worked alongside Diego Abad de Santillán, another prolific anarcho-syndicalist.\n\nDue to the Patagonian Rebellion, Patagonia seceded from Argentina and became a syndicalist state. Arango went to Puerto Madryn from the capital via a fishing vessel, staying in Patagonia since. He joined the Patagonian Workers' Front faction and, among with his close friend and comrader Antonio Soto, is seen as a ideological unifier of the Front and one of the key figures of Moderates.§!
José Fernando Penelón
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1890, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNot much is known about him until the year 1906, where he became a union leader during a graphic workers' strike led by Luis Bernard. He joined the Socialist Party of Argentina that same year and collaborated in the formation of the first trade union. In 1908 he intervened in the foundation of the Socialist Youth, laid the foundations and outlined the orientation of the Trade Union Propaganda Committee which managed to organise 18 unions. He later joined the Buenos Aires Graphic Federation, a guild, in 1910, and in 1912, as the Buenos Aires Graphic Federation managed to be recognised for the first time by the employers as representative of the workers of the sector, reformism began to be designed. He also intervened in the founding of the 'Carlos Marx' centre of studies When the Socialist Word newspaper made its first publish, Penelón criticised this reformism. In 1915, he was elected as the director of the Graphic Worker newspaper, and he later founded the Argentine Committee of the International Red Union. He also ran for national deputy in 1916, but lost. He was expulsed in 1917 from the Socialist Party of Argentina due to his criticism of reformism, and he went on to found the International Socialist Party of Argentina, later the Argentine Communist Party.\n\nIn March 1st of 1919, a little under two months after Semana Trágica occurred, Penelón manifested in behalf of 'The International' with a writing condemning heavily the actions done by the government and mentioning the horrors that peaceful citizens and defenceless ones suffered during that event. Penelón's house, alongside other syndicalist leaders, was raided, which led to FORA requesting guarantees for Penelón not to be persecuted. Later in the summer of 1920, strikes broke out in Patagonia which led to a general strike and then an all-out rebellion (called the Patagonian Rebellion), which ended up seceding Patagonia with the rest of Argentina, and Penelón fled south to build a new future in Patagonia. Here, Penelón was resposible for diplomatic contacts with other socialist contries, desperately securing international support for the fledgeling state.§!
Victorio Codovilla
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1894, in Ottobiano, Pavia, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in 1894 to a middle class family, being the youngest of seven sons from Venancio Codovilla and Juana Ferrandi. Victorio attended secondary school in a commercial school in Mortara and there he met Egisto Cagnoni, a socialist leader through whom he joined the Italian socialist youth. When he had to leave his studies for economic reasons, he joined a telegraph company in 1910 and the following year he joined the Italian Socialist Party (PSI), where he aligned himself with the internationalist current.\n\nOn December 12, 1912 he arrived in Buenos Aires after being sent by the PSI, and joined the Argentine Socialist Youth, spelling his original name 'Vittorio' as 'Victorio', but he soon left the moderate socialist groups and joined the socialist supporters of the Soviet Russia, now refugees due to their defeat in the Russian Civil War, which would later become the Argentine Communist Party, where he quickly rose to leadership positions. Due to the Patagonian Rebellion, Victorio, alongside other syndicalist and socialist figures, were sent on fishing vessels to Puerto Madryn, where they remained. Victorio later became chairman of the Comité de Unidad Sindical Clasista (CUSC), a totalist faction actually led by Rodolfo Ghioldi, who many see as superior to Victorio. This faction is considered one of the most important in Patagonia alongside USA and FORA.§!
Candido Testa
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 13th, 1900, in Cicagna, Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in Italy and fought on the socialist side during the Italian civil war. After the war, he joined Patagonia to help workers organise a military force. Currently serves as the commander of the 'Death Battalion' (Batalló de la Mort), one of the most capable formations in the Patagonian militia force, containing some of the most ruthless men and women in the entire state.§!
Álvaro Yunque
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1889, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LÁlvaro Yunque is an Argentine writer, a representative figure of Argentine left from the 1920s, when he began to collaborate in magazines of the time and published his first books. Short story writer, playwright, historian, essayist and predominantly a poet, as he liked to call himself, his literary work includes more than fifty published titles and as many unpublished ones. Along with Leónidas Barletta and others, he led the group of so-called social writers, joining them in the Grupo de Boedo, a group of writers who publishes in the 'Claridad'. He is a contributor to 'La Protesta', as well as dosen of other magazines and newspapers. Member of the CUSC.§!
Rodolfo González Pacheco
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1883, in Tandil, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRodolfo González Pacheco is an Argentine writer, playwright, orator, anarchistic journalist and activist. In 1911 he left for Mexico to collaborate with the magonistas on the Mexican Revolution and returned to Argentina in 1914. In 1917 he published 'La Obra' (The Work), a newspaper of the anarchist group of the same name. He is editor of the anarchist newspaper 'La Antorcha' (The Torch) and a collaborator on 'La Protesta'.§!
Geronimo Arnedo Álvarez
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1897, in San Nicolás, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeronimo Arnedo Álvarez is an Argentine politician and communist activist. Descendant of a family of Argentine peasants, from 1913 he initially worked as an agricultural laborer on the plantation, and later at the refrigeration plant and a loader at the port. In 1921 and 1922 he participated in strikes and went to Patagonia. In 1925 he joined the CUSC. In 1933 he became a member of the Central Committee of the CUSC, going entirely to Party work. Between 1930 and 1932, during the dictatorship of General José Félix Uriburu, he worked underground and tried to rally the forces of the Argentine proletariat. At the end of 1933 he was sent to the French Commune, where he studied at the International School.§!
Diego Abad de Santillan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1897, in Reyero, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe emigrated to Argentina alongside his parents in 1906, where he studied at a commercial school and worked as a bricklayer, blacksmith and railway assistant, but later returned in 1912 to Spain to study there. After finishing high school in León, he went to Madrid, entering the university in 1915 to study Philosophy and Letters.\n\nThere he was imprisoned for a year and a half at Cárcel Modelo for participating in the general strike of 1917, and it was during his stay in prison that he became decisively closer to the anarchist workers' movement, as he was impressed by the moral quality of the anarchist workers, which later led him to formulate an ethical and social interpretation of anarchism. After he was released in 1918, he returned to Argentina, where he continued as an activist in the Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA) and editor of the anarchist newspaper 'La Protesta'. After the secession of Patagonia from Argentina after the Patagonian Rebellion, Santillán joined the anarcho-syndicalist party 'Union of Argentine Syndicates'. His contributions to Front, among political and writer activities, include working in Economy ministry of the Front.§!
Antonio de Tomaso
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1889, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine socialist politician. The son of Italian immigrants at the age of 24, Tomaso earned a doctorate in law from the University of Buenos Aires. Affiliated with the Socialist Party in 1912, he was a deputy between 1914 and 1921. In the Parliament he took the socialist positions on issues of foreign relations and defence. Fled Argentina in 1922 and, among other socialist politicians, continues his career in Patagonian Workers Front. De Tomaso was Minister of Agriculture in 1930-1933, and as part of that cabinet, De Tomaso showed great innovative capacity, in line with European socialists that debated the role of the state and planning in the economy.§!
Gregorio Bermann
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1894, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine psychiatrist, philosopher, activist, author, and humanist. He was a leader in the student movement Argentine University Federation in Cordoba during the first half of the 20th century. Bermann had a highly influential role in the university reform of 1918 in Argentina, which spread throughout the country and influenced the way Higher Education was taught in many other Latin countries. He continued to play an active role in university reform up into the 1930, when, during the dictatorship of Uriburu he was prosecuted and forced to leave the country due to his leadership in student movement and his leftist views, and he fled to Patagonia. He is a socialist and is a part of the intellectual network of the CUSC from the 1930s onwards, participating in the anti-far-right movement and in the opposition to various right-wing governments through the years, including that of Uriburu.§!
Roberto Noble
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1902, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to privilege in the city of La Plata, Roberto Noble developed a socialist ideology as an adolescent, having already earned some renown by 1918 agitating for the movement to reform Argentina's university system, whose curriculum had hitherto been largely dictated by conservative Catholics. Obtained a Law Degree at the prestigious National University of La Plata. In 1922 he joined the Patagonian Workers Front, and since then is active as politician, joirnalist, and among others, he maintained contacts with underground socialists in the territory that is controlled by reactionaries.§!
