Morocco Focus Tree
Morocco
Moroccan
Morocco
Commune of Morocco
the Commune of Morocco
Commune of Morocco
the Commune of Morocco
Commune of Morocco
the Commune of Morocco
IILS
Al-Ittihad Al-Ishtirakiy Lilqawat Al-Sha'abiyah
Hizb Al-Istiqlal
Hizb Al-Istiqlal
Sulalat al-'Alawiyyin al-Filaliyn
Sulalat al-'Alawiyyin al-Filaliyn
Sulalat al-'Alawiyyin al-Filaliyn
Sulalat al-'Alawiyyin al-Filaliyn
IMA
Ittihad al-Maghrib al-'Arabi
Jabhat Lildifae ean Al-Muasasat Al-Dusturia
Jabhat Lildifae ean Al-Muasasat Al-Dusturia
Alhizb Almaghribiu Alliybiraliu
Alhizb Almaghribiu Alliybiraliu
IWIS
Alaitihad Alwataniu Lilquaa Alshaebia
Al-Hizb Al-Aishtirakiu Al-Maghribiu
Al-Hizb Al-Aishtirakiu Al-Maghribiu
Al-Hizb Al-Shuyueiu Al-Maghribiu
Al-Hizb Al-Shuyueiu Al-Maghribiu
A Time of Troubles
Recent years have not been kind to Morocco. Facing poverty and underdevelopment, our people have withstood, but suffered. We are strong as a nation and people, but we can no longer ignore the issues. From now on, we are committed to solving the troubles of our nation.
National Infrastructure Plan
The NIP seeks to rejuvenate our failing infrastructure within our national cities. From here, we can continue with other projects to improve the living standards of our people.
Moroccan Railways
The one thing we can thank the French for is their railways. However, many of the railway projects that were started in the early 1920s were never finished, despite German aid, leaving many areas difficult to access. Undertaking such a task will not only improve our ability to move throughout the nation and our access to resources, but also improve our living standards.
Agadir-Rabat Railway
Since the German liberation, Agadir has become a major trading hub for our nation, connecting the rest of Africa to Europe. It is only logical that we improve the connections between it and Casablanca so that we may further reap its profits.
Ask for German Help
Our relationship with the German Empire has been quite beneficial for our people and our development. Given our special relationship, they have stated that they would be more than happy to further aid our industrial reforms.
The Port of Casablanca
Casablanca hosts our most important trade and naval dockyards. However, they have fallen behind in our industrial and infrastructure reforms. Expanding these dockyards should provide us with a greater opportunity to expand our trade links and naval forces.
Royal Budget
As decreed by Mohammed V, our new budget shall include drastic increases in spending for infrastructure development to improve our people's living standards, and also to provide education and health services.
Development Plan
Our government has devised a Strategic Development Plan to further nurture our industrial capacity across the nation. With the blessings of Mohammed V, we can begin work.
Foreign Industrial Expertise
While we are doing our best to stimulate our industry with new development projects, we should still seek foreign developers to help guide our industrialisation.
New Laws for New Times
Our legal system is based on outdated principles that hold back our progression. We should seek to modernise them and also to separate civil and religious law.
Invest in the Old Capital
Casablanca has for some time fallen behind in infrastructure development, which reflects poorly when foreigners see our crumbling buildings of old. It is time to revitalise such buildings and improve the city as a whole.
Manufacturing Incentives
Our government should push to give incentives to foreign businesses that invest in our nation. Then we can show the world that Morocco is a place of innovation and development.
The Berber Question
For centuries, we have tried to assimilate the pagan-animist Berber tribesmen in the Rif. Now that our rule is stable, the question has been raised within our government: should we continue to enforce Arabisation onto the region?
The New Western Realm
Morocco has undergone massive changes in recent times, and we must decide if we should focus more on industry or on infrastructure to maximise our potential benefits.
Francophobe Rhetoric
Many of our people despise the French, especially considering what they put us through during the Weltkrieg. Encouraging such revanchist sentiment will allow us to gain further war support for any future conflicts we may need to justify.
The King's Gendarmerie
Mohammed V has sought the creation of an elite Gendarmerie to safeguard his citizens and to maintain public order in times of strife. These brave men will ensure the internal security of our nation is maintained.
Parliament of Morocco
Despite moving our capital to Casablanca, our parliament still resides in Rabat, which means its capital status remains purely de-jure. With our urban development policies in place, we see it fit to build a grand new parliament house to host our government and lead our people from our brand new capital.
Beyond Al-Qarawiyn
Al-Qarawiyn is our oldest and most treasured educational institution. However, our higher education should not be relegated to a single location in Morocco, but should be readily available throughout our major cities.
Industrialise the Realm
Although our nation has made rapid strides in development, our innovation should not cease but rather should continue as we lead Morocco into the future.
The Royal Army of Morocco
Our army has stood proudly for hundreds of years. However, there are many new methods we can investigate to improve their efficiency and reputation.
Learning from our Mistakes
Our army is too informal and disorganised. A Royal Army should be more than just local militias and ad-hoc leadership. The fact that we have noted such issues is a start, but we must take action to remedy them.
Begin Army Reform
No longer will inefficient bureaucracy weigh down the RAM! From this day forth we will seek to provide a solid command structure by which our army shall prosper.
New Equipment Standards
Taking cues from the Europeans, we have now implemented basic standards for our weapons and other military equipment. This should help improve our army efficiency.
Patriotic Propaganda
We have noticed an unsettling amount of apathy and poor morale within the RAM's ranks. To rectify this, we have enlisted the aid of German propaganda experts to inspire additional fervour in our soldiers.
Lessons from the Prussians
Studying the Franco-Prussian War has shown us that the German army utilised a well trained, structured, and modern army to crush the French in less than a year. Sharing the same sentiment, we seek to adapt those ideas in the modern age.
Request German Military Mission
The German army is highly disciplined and well-prepared for any engagement they might face. Our diplomats, sensing an opportunity, have approached the German government to request a military mission to assist our development.
Moroccan Officer Schools
We rely too much on foreign officers to lead our armies. We are making efforts to create our own officer school so that the Moroccan Army is lead by Moroccans.
Enlist the Berber Horsemen
The Berbers are highly proficient with the use of their horses in combat. If we could encourage them to join our army, they would definitely prove to be a valuable asset. In time, they could even pass their skills on to our other cavalrymen.
A New Kind of Horsepower
Armoured vehicles have revolutionised modern warfare. A division of our own armoured cavalry would give us an advantage against many other nations, and even the playing field against our neighbours in Algiers.
A Modern Age of War
Our harsh landscape is difficult to traverse by foot and causes our men to suffer from heat stroke. In this day and age, armies are supported by mechanised units which will reduce our overall attrition and bolster the speed with which our forces can be redeployed.
Heroes of the Weltkrieg, Heed the Call
During the Weltkrieg our men were recruited into the French Armed Forces to fight the Germans. While the situation has changed since then, the men who survived the conflict have invaluable military experience and skills that can be passed on to the rest of the RAM.
Modern Army Hierarchy
The RAM has made rapid strides to modernise, and with our own equipment, training, and leadership it seems only reasonable that we modernise our command structure to incorporate these developments.
A Legacy of a Thousand Years
Our Nation has stood the test of time for over a thousand years! With our new and improved armed forces we shall sure stand for another thousand yet!
New Uniforms and Training Drills
Our uniforms are old and impractical for modern warfare. Looking elsewhere, we have taken inspiration from the newest designs available to ensure our soldiers are best equipped for their deployments.
Modern Artillery
A common saying in German artillery regiments is: 'Infantry win battles, but artillery wins wars.' Observing the raw firepower displayed during Germany artillery demonstrations, we have decided to take this sentiment to heart and ensure our troops have satisfactory artillery support.
Moroccan Navy
Our navy as it stands is small, old, and outdated. It is high time we took steps towards modernising our navy, given the ongoing European naval modernisation.
The Atlantic Kingdom
Facing both the Atlantic and the Mediterranean is excellent for our trade. However, it is both a blessing and a curse, given that we must also cover two seas. We are, however, more than willing to step up to the challenge, and we shall protect our seas and our trade.
Watch Over the Straits
Our position on the southern portion of the straits of Gibraltar puts us in an advantageous position, as we have the means to control the flow of ships into and out of the Mediterranean. This is definitely something we should seek to exploit for our own benefit.
Submarine Engineering
Utilising submarines, which are excellent at raiding convoys and harassing smaller fleets, will be invaluable for a small nation such as Morocco.
Trade Interdiction
With our new naval technology, we have greater means to strike at our enemies' trade routes and cripple their supply lines. As in our pirate days of old in the Mediterranean, those who would wage war against us should fear us.
Foreign Naval Experts
Observing the tactics utilised by the Europeans in their Navies, we would be foolish not to request their assistance to advance our tactics and doctrine.
Dockyards of Casablanca
Casablanca is our largest and most vital port. In light of our recent developments, we should further expand our dockyards to support our burgeoning navy.
Royal Moroccan Air Force
The Royal Moroccan Air Force currently exists only in name. We must begin to develop it into a proper fighting force so that we may rule our skies.
Foreign Flight Instructors
We should seek assistance from foreign aviators to bolster the RMF's skill in the air.
Reverse Engineering
We have noticed many innovations from the aircraft manufacturers of Europe, and we believe that we can adapt some of them to our own models. We have sent a purchase order for a few older aeroplane models for our engineers to analyse.
Royal Naval Aviation
We should also encourage our industry and Air Force to support the Royal Navy in their endeavours.
Modernise our Aircraft Inventory
Our entire aircraft inventory has consisted of Weltkrieg-era fighter craft. We should look to expand our Air Force so that we have a variety of planes to cover all the roles of modern air combat.
Control the Skies of Africa
We have managed to train a cadre of pilots using the aircraft we have been able to procure. While not as impressive as larger European air forces, this gives us the means to control our own skies.
The War Above
Our RMF doctrine is as important as our aircraft. If we lack a clear understanding of aerial tactics and strategy, we will never be as effective as we could potentially be.
Airbase Expansion
To support our nascent air force, we have set out a plan to expand the airbases at both Anfa and Rabat-Salé, so that we may have adequate facilities for our new craft.
Off with the German Yoke!
The German Empire has for too long exploited our nation for their own self-gain! Now we cast aside our chains and seek our own future.
A Deal with the Devil
As much as it pains us to seek out a European Empire for aid, the only logical path to ensure our long-term freedom is to seek the aid of the British.
British Counterweight
We have sought improve our relationship with the British and the Entente Cordiale to bolster our standing and secure our position in international affairs.
International Recognition
As a result of our alliance with the Entente, we have been informed that the British Empire has formally guaranteed our independence to ensure our safety from external threats. This will greatly increase our prestige in matters of international diplomacy.
Once More into Europe
After the first Weltkrieg, we never thought that we would be fighting alongside the French. However, our allies have called us to arms to assist them on the battlefield. They have affirmed that they value and respect our sovereignty, and so we are more than happy to fight by their side.
Our Friends on the Other Side
Our nation should not seek support from foreign imperialists, as they have only brought pain and suffering to our people. We should look to our fellow African nations - Egypt, in particular, seems to be a potentially advantageous ally.
Treaty with Libya
Our Maghrebi brothers and sisters in Libya share a common history of oppression by imperialist powers, so it is only natural that we come together as friends to safeguard against any future degradation of our national sovereignties.
Egyptian Imports
Encouraging trade between Egypt and Morocco will solidify our position within the Cairo Pact, and will also cultivate industrial and economic growth for our mutual benefit.
The Timbuktu Claim
We lost control of Timbuktu almost 100 years ago, but now that we have strengthened our state and bolstered our armed forces, it is time to demand that the French return our historic territory so that we may restore the Pashalik.
Prepare our Defences
We know that the Europeans would be more than happy to once again assert their imperial rule over our people. In anticipation of any attack, we must fortify our lands so that we can adequately defend ourselves in the event of an invasion.
Prepare to Strike the French
The French hold territory that rightfully belongs to us and the people of Africa! However, we cannot rush headlong into battle without carefully prepared plans; we must have every advantage over the Pieds-Noirs.
The Commune of Morocco
The monarchy has for too long collaborated with western imperialists and exploited our people. From this day forth the people shall be governed by the Moroccan Workers Congress.
Revolutionary Fervour
While not everyone within our Commune agrees on our vision for the future, we must make it clear to them that without us there is no future for Morocco.
Seizing Rural Means of Production
Our people are organised, and opposed to all forms of exploitation by the capitalist administration. It is time we allow the workers to control their own production.
Deal with Reactionary Berbers
The Al-Barbar people continue to practise archaic traditions that are contrary to our new revolutionary movement. We must address this issue and cut out this infection before it can spread.
Our Socialism
We shall not merely copy the form of Syndicalism as developed in other nations. We need to create our own branch of Moroccan Socialism, that reaffirms our commitment to lead Morocco into an age of democracy, pluralism, and respect for the basic principles of individual and collective freedom.
Light of Africa
Our revolution has brought about the emancipation of the workers in Morocco. Through empowering them, we have become the beacon of hope for all peoples in Africa, that one day they can be free from their colonial overlords.
Trade Guild Democracy
Attempting to implement Orthodox Syndicalism in Morocco is unfeasible, given the current state of our country. We believe that we can instead establish a form of S.G. Hobson's Guild Socialism, which, while similar to Syndicalism, focuses more on reforming the existing apparatus of state rather than seeking to abolish it completely.
Freedom and Justice
We emphasise that under the rule of Mohammed V there was no freedom - only slavery. As we aspire to represent our people, we will strive to emancipate our people and give them true liberty and justice.
Direct Rule from Marrakesh
The other factions are unable to see that our revolution is at risk by failing to implement a centralised government. We must save our people from themselves so that we do not succumb to bourgeois democracy. To ensure that our future is secure, we must lay the foundation for democracy under democratic centralism and the principles of Totalism.
War for Africa's Soul
The people of Africa have for too long suffered under the chains of European greed and exploitation. The time has come to drive the oppressors out!
Royal Budget Adjustment
Development Plan
Foreign Industrial Expertise
Modern Army Hierarchy
Officer Academy
Berber Horsemen
Francophobia
Modernised Legal System
Light of Africa
Thousand Year Legacy
New Gear, New Drills
Watch on the Strait
German Military Mission
GFX_MOR_intro
History of Morocco
In 1904, France and Spain carved out zones of influence in Morocco. Recognition by the United Kingdom of France's sphere of influence provoked a strong reaction from the German Empire, and a crisis loomed in 1905. The matter was resolved at the Algeciras Conference in 1906. The Agadir Crisis of 1911 increased tensions between European powers. The 1912 Treaty of Fez made Morocco a protectorate of France, and triggered massive riots. By the same treaty, Spain assumed the role of protecting power over the northern and southern Saharan zones.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, the Zaian Confederation of Berbers rebelled against France and received ample Central Power support, but failed to achieve any major victories until after the fall of France. While various pretenders attempted to negotiate with the German Empire, they were inconclusive, and in the end, Mohammed V was placed on the throne after his father abdicated. The new Sultan signed a new treaty with the Germans, one whose influence on internal Moroccan affairs was greatly diminished compared to the French Protectorate. The treaty is carefully worded as to render it as amicable as possible. However, tensions still flare up on occasion, sometimes requiring the German-backed Royal Guard to intervene.\n\nAs the '30s roared in, Morocco recovered from the Protectorate era, yet relations with Algiers remain quite cool, even to the point that some nationalists advocate strengthening the alliance with the German Empire to secure Moroccan independence. The Sultan must safeguard Morocco against not only the revanchist French elites in Algeria, but also the savage revolutionaries in Paris who see Morocco as a gateway for the revolution into Africa and the Islamic World.
Morocco Asks for Support
The Moroccans are asking for a military mission to help develop their army.
They are doing just fine by themselves.
Send a military mission to aid their development.
Germany Refuses to Help
Germany has denied our request for a military mission.
We will grow stronger regardless.
Germany Sends a Military Mission
Germany has agreed to send a military mission to Morocco within the week. The group they are sending is comprised of 50 advisors and support staff and will advise us for the next eighteen months.
This will only make us stronger.
Morocco Overthrows the Protectorate!
Sensing our weakness against our enemies in the current conflict, the treacherous Moroccan government has elected to abandon our alliance at our darkest hour. The Moroccan King and his advisors summoned our ambassador to inform him that all of our forces in the region are to leave the country and that they will be declaring neutrality in foreign affairs. This is a deep insult, given how much we've aided their independence from French domination and how much they have benefited from our continued protection. No doubt, their neighbours are looking now with glee at the opportunity to carve up their lands thanks to Moroccan short-sightedness. Still, given our current circumstances, there have been calls within the cabinet to accept this turn of events as fait accompli. With our attention focused on achieving an ultimate victory over our enemies, it might not be worth adding Morocco to that list.
We have bigger problems to worry about.
They will not get away with this!
Mohammed V
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1909, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn soon after the Hafidiya that saw his uncle seize the throne from his own brother, Sidi Mohammed bin Yusef would see the capitulation of the nation to two imperial powers from the start of his youth. After the death of his father, Moulay Yusef ben Hassan, in 1927, Mohammed would ascend the throne as Mohammed V at the mere age of 18. Initially indifferent to Germany's entrenchment, he would approve of laws that increased Germany's ever-growing presence in the nation, which often enraged the local populace. As he grew older, he began to realise the importance of uplifting the Moroccan people while understanding the nuances of maintaining loyalty to a nation as powerful as Germany. However, as the years pass, and as the Germans encroach further onto Morocco, he himself has wondered if such a state of affairs can continue within his lifetime.§!
Leon Sultan
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1905, in Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Abdallah Ibrahim
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1918, in Tameslouht, Wilaya'at of Marrākish, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mohamed Hassan Ouazzani
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1910, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mehdi Ben Barka
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1920, in Ar Ribāt, Wilaya'at of Ar Ribāt, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mohammed al-Makki al-Nasiri
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1906, in Ar Ribāt, Wilaya'at of Ar Ribāt, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Ahmed Balafrej
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1908, in Ar Ribāt, Wilaya'at of Ar Ribāt, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Ahmed Bahnini
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
T'hami El Glaoui
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Tifoultoute, Wilaya'at of Marrākish, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mbarek Touzounini
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Tizounine, Wilaya'at of Marrākish, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Allal al-Fassi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1910, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Muhammad al-Muqri
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1854, in Wajdah, Wilaya'at of Wajdah, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Abdellatif Sbihi
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Salé, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Hélène Cazès Benatar
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1898, in Tangier, Wilaya'at of al Rif, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Abdul Hayy al-Kattani
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Malika al-Fassi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1919, in Fès, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Abderrahim Bouabid
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1922, in Salé, Wilaya'at of Fès, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Johannes Bernhardt
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1897, in Osterode, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Klippel
§YBorn:§! §LApril 19th, 1872, in Liebau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Kühnel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1882, in Neubrandenburg, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, German Empire§!
Paul Geuthner
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Eisenach, Eisenach District, Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, German Empire§!
Jan Nehera
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1899, in Kostelec na Hané, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jacques Lemaigre Dubreuil
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1894, in Solignac, Haute-Vienne, French Republic§!
Amahrok Ben Mouha Amahzoune
§YBorn:§! §Lin Khenifra, Wilaya'at of Maknās, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mbarek Bekkaï
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1907, in Burkan, Wilaya'at of Wajdah, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Mohamed Bachir El Bouhali
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1912, in Beni Ayat, Wilaya'at of Maknās, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Benhammou El Kettani
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in the Sultanate of Morocco§!
Driss Ben Omar El Alami
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1917, in Zerhoun, Wilaya'at of Maknās, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Abd al-Rahman ibn Zaydan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1873, in Maknās, Wilaya'at of Maknās, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Amir al-Mu'minin
Staunch Anti-Colonialist
Committed Unionist
Arab Nationalist
Devoted Patriot
Nationalist Agitator
Political Opportunist
Influential Pasha
Grand Vizier
Relief Organiser
Controversial Scholar
Ruthless Businessman
Krishna Raja Wadiyar IV
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1884, in Mysore Palace, Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKrishna Raja Wadiyar IV, Prince of Mysore, is a scholar at heart. Renowned for his great collections of music and literature, and singular amongst Indian lords for his patronage of higher-learning, Krishna Raja Wadiyar yearns for enlightenment. His vision of an Indian 'city-on-a-hill' however, was nearly dashed with the end of the British Empire and the turmoil that followed. Now, as leader of Mysore, he strives to illuminate southern India, and perhaps one day, the entire sub-continent.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1884, in Mysore Palace, Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar
Jayachamarajendra Raja Wadiyar V
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1919, in Mysore Palace, Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJayachamarajendra Raja Wadiyar V, Prince of Mysore, has succeeded his erudite uncle to the throne of Mysore. Jayachamarajendra, much like his uncle, is an academic. Unlike his patron predecessor, however, he is himself a noteworthy artist. Jayachamarajendra seeks to paint all of India, not just the Federation, into a harmonious mosaic incorporating the subcontinent's many peoples and ways of life; through skilful policy, his idealist fantasies may yet be in reach.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1919, in Mysore Palace, Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Kodandera Subayya Thimayya
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1906, in Madikeri, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Narasimharaja Wadiyar
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1888, in Mysore Palace, Mysore, Kingdom of Mysore, India§!
Mysore
Mysorean
the Kingdom of Mysore
Mysore
Mysore
Mysore
Socialist Party of Mysore
SPM
Socialist Party of Mysore
SPM
Socialist Party of Mysore
SPM
Praja Samyukta Paksha (People's United Federation)
Praja Samyukta Paksha
Praja Samyukta Paksha (People's United Federation)
Praja Samyukta Paksha
Praja Samyukta Paksha (People's United Federation)
Praja Samyukta Paksha
Praja Samyukta Paksha (People's United Federation)
Praja Samyukta Paksha
Mysore Executive Council
Executive Council
Mysore State Forces
State Forces
Karnataka Ekikarana (Unification of Karnataka)
Karnataka Ekikarana
Natal
Natalian
Natal
Natal Focus Tree
Natal Rings True!
After a long struggle against the treasonous government in Pretoria, we, the loyal subjects of the Crown, have finally secured our young state against those who would do harm upon us. Now that the guns are silent and the protection of the Entente has been assured, we may finally start tending the affairs of government.
The Native Question
While we are no longer part of the South African state, we have inherited what is perhaps its most important legacy - the rule of a white minority over a native African majority. With the old South African status quo now upended, this is a matter that we cannot afford to ignore.
Speak Softly
While relinquishing their monopoly on power remains unthinkable to the white population of Natal, there is a feeling among some that the Third Boer War has upset the status quo to a point where a re-evaluation of the government's relationship with the native population is unavoidable. More liberal voices in Durban seem poised to pivot government policy towards a light-handed direction.
Work with Native Trade Unions
Class-conscious aspects of the native population have been organising themselves into trade unions for some time now, with the aim of better coordinating their activities. While the largest among these, the ICU, is generally seen as aligned with syndicalism, it is also not a monolithic organisation, nor is it the only trade union in Natal - which means there is some room to reach an understanding.
Native Labour Regulation Act
Abuse of native labour has been rife throughout South Africa for decades, as native workers have historically been cheaper and subject to weaker labour laws - the Industrial Conciliation Act explicitly excluded black workers from its protection. A product of union negotiations, the Native Labour Regulation Act aims to curb at least some of the excesses that native labourers face.
Recognise a Zulu Paramount Chief
Since the conquest of the Zulu people, both British and South African authorities have not recognised the defeated Zulu king's heirs as chiefs of all the Zulu - and even if we had, a succession crisis broke out in 1933 between multiple claimants. Now that the Zulu comprise a much larger share of our country, the time has come to intervene and declare a single Zulu Paramount Chief to ensure national stability.
Encourage Zulu Communalism
Most of Natal's native population belong to Zulu tribes that possess distinct traditions. By encouraging the tribal structures, recognising and supporting the tribal rulers and increasing their stipends, the Natalian government hopes to cultivate a sense of Zulu communalism that could serve as an alternative to syndicalism and curb revolutionary tendencies in the country.
Collaborate with Dube
John Dube, leader of the African National Congress, has been a well-known native rights activist for decades, striking a conservative course while still advocating for legal equality for the African population. In a bid to circumvent the radical ICU and the divided Zulu chiefs, some negotiationists among the government have looked to his figure as a means of finding a palatable path towards reform.
Establish the Land Settlement
As advocated by Dube, the government in Durban has drawn up a plan to extend the amount of land allocated to be owned unconditionally by the native population. It is hoped that, by extending land-holding rights to more natives, they can be drawn away from more radical politics - why would they want to overthrow a government that gave them land?
State-Sponsored Native Education
The native population has lacked education for as long as we have been on the shores of Natal, as white-dominated government have previously shown no interest in extending education to them. No longer - pursuant to our new conciliatory strategy, the government has decided that the Zulu peoples will get state-sponsored education to increase their overall welfare.
Establish the Native Council
People are satisfied with their government when they feel that said government is acting in their interests - and one of the easier ways to do this is to give them representation in the government. To this end, a native council is to be established, in order to advise the government on the affairs of the native peoples.
Carry a Big Stick
While they have asserted their independence from South Africa, the ruling white minority does not feel as secure as they'd like - like the government it seceded from, the Natalian state fundamentally fears the onset of radicalism among the native African majority that it governs. Hardliners among the government have been pushing for harsh measures to ensure that syndicalism finds no foothold in Natal.
Suppress the ICU
The Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union, the largest trade union in the country, has made substantial inroads into Durban within the last decade - a fact that horrifies the Entente-aligned white government of Natal, who see the union as a vehicle for syndicalist activity. The government, looking to assert itself, has already begun to crack down on ICU activity and arrest known syndicalist sympathisers.
Root Out Native Syndicalism
A full-blown red scare has gripped the halls of government - with every known syndicalist arrested, fear of 5 more unknown ones dominates the minds of the white population. Attention has increasingly shifted away from the cities and towards rural areas, where it is feared that syndicalists may find support among natives - whether the fears are founded are not, a new crackdown is already underway.
The Asiatic Question
Although certainly a minority compared to the native population, Natal is home to a substantial Indian diaspora, the legacy of indentured servants brought over from British India. While not as pressing an issue as native relations, the Indians are not a small group, and are both economically significant and politically conscious of their persecuted status - and so clarification of their relationship with the government is necessary.
Frustrate Indian Business Ventures
The white settler population has long looked at the Indians of South Africa with suspicion — they have often set up small businesses that are able to outperform their white competition. White-run businesses are more than eager to get an edge on their rivals, and have been pushing Durban to find ways to restrict Indian business 
Provoke Indian-Zulu Antagonism
Despite their shared history of persecution at the hands of the white South African government, Indians and the Zulu have not always been on the same page - the cultural gap between them is quite large, and it wouldn't take very much to spark hostility. The government, desperate for ways to feel less vulnerable, is not above trying to prevent these two groups from uniting against them.
Full Indian Immigration Stop
The flare of anti-Indian sentiment that has been stoked by our government is starting to reach its natural conclusion - several members of Parliament have decried the continuing influx of immigrants as a destabilising factor, and have petitioned the government to block their furthered entry into the country. Given the recent anti-Indian stance of the government, Durban seems poised to take up the request.
Suppress the Natal Indian Congress
As the primary interest group for Indians in Natal, the NIC has fallen increasingly under pressure in the face of a wave of anti-Indian sentiment across the country. Now they have become the targets of a red scare, with their opponents charging them as proxies of the Indian National Congress and other enemies of the Crown - a connection that might exist for some, but is likely not true for the whole organisation. The distinction does not seem to matter to the government.
Asiatic Land Tenure Act
A bill originally suggested before the Boer War, the Asiatic Land Tenure Act - derisively known by Natal Indians as 
Establish the Indian Council
Although relations between white settlers and Indians have rarely been good, our small state desperately needs to both make friends and bolster the economy as much as possible - as such, an olive branch must be extended to the Indians of Natal. The establishment of a permanent Indian Council should hopefully provide Indians with a voice in government to help address the issues they face.
Abolish Indian Pass Laws
Although white businesses complain about Indians moving in and outcompeting them, is this not simply the free market at work? Competition breeds success, and our young nation needs all the success it can get its hands on. Several pass laws restrict Indians from entering and doing business in certain parts of the country - it's time that we recognise their existence as arbitrary and allow entrepreneurship to flourish.
Indian Representation in Parliament
It is a natural right of all people to be represented in some form of government, something that has not been afforded to the Indians of Natal for some time. Although there have been some difficulties smoothing over relations, and the white settler population is always hesitant to share power with others, the Indians ultimately represent a small enough share of the population that having representation in Parliament can finally be considered.
Open Higher Education to Indians
Much like South Africa, almost every major institution in Natal is segregated in some way, and education is no difference. The university system in most of the country is barred to non-whites, a truth that deprives many Indians of valuable opportunities and keeps them gated from paths to social mobility. Now that we've been working to better integrate Indians into Natal, it's time that we began to open the gates.
Building a Nation
Ours is a fledgling nation, a province that was never supposed to be independent but has been forced into being so by its circumstances. As it seems that South Africa will not return to the Crown any time soon, we must learn to bear the burden of nation building - Natal must learn to ring true if she is to last for long.
Pass the Natal Constitution Act
Natal has gone from having the status of a province of another body to having the rights and duties to match that of a Dominion. One of these duties is to uphold the British legacy of responsible government and the rule of law - and now that Natal has been severed from South Africa, there is something of a void at the highest level of the legal system. It is time for us to write a constitution, as other Dominions have done.
Welcome the British Influx
Natal is a proudly British state - the white settler population here is overwhelmingly of British descent, as opposed to the Dutch Afrikaners present in the rest of South Africa. With the war's conclusion, there are several loyal British subjects who are now ruled by a tyrannical Afrikaner regime. It is our duty to allow these people to return to the Crown's patronage.
Scrap the Use of Dutch
One of the remaining legacies of our previous membership in the Union of South Africa is the persisting use of Dutch in some corners of government, as was required of us to accommodate the Afrikaners. However, as we are no longer sharing power with Afrikaners, then what use is there for maintaining the status of Dutch? It would be easier and more productive to change all arms of government to one language - English.
Embrace Natal's British Identity
The Afrikaners have made much of their legacy as the heirs of the Boer republics, those rebellious states that Britain has fought what is now three wars to try and subdue. We, however, are not like them - we are a proud Dominion of the British Crown, and its foremost arm in this lonely corner of the world. We know that our destiny is with them, and that we are stronger for it.
Reform the Division into a Supreme Court
Now that Natal will go on on its own, we must reform the provincial division which previously was the highest provincial court in the land, into a genuine Supreme Court which will decide the fate of Natal's legal issues once and for all. This should resolve the final legal issues brought by our independence.
Separate the Natal Police
Going alone at it means that the Natal Police will have to be separated from the South African Police, as we can no longer rely on the instructions from Pretoria. The Natal Police Force shall henceforth be responsible to the Dominion government, and will be directed in accordance to its needs only.
Seek Imperial Support
The imperial government in Canada is much needed to help to continue to build our new nation, and to turn it into the Entente's new outpost in the Cape. Entente resources have already been made available to us during the Third Boer War - all we need to do is ask.
The National Reconstruction
Natal has been torn apart by war. Now that the cannons have ceased, it is our national responsibility to bring back Natal to its pre-war prosperity - no small feat after a civil war that will likely define a generation. Even so, Natal shall rise to the occasion.
Redirect IEDC Funds
IEDC funds for the Union of South Africa had already been approved when the war broke out. Of course, Natal is significantly smaller than South Africa, but on the other hand, we have been devastated by war as well. Let us petition the IEDC to redirect its planned funds to us instead, now that South Africa so narrow-mindedly decided to follow its own path.
Found a Central Bank
Using South African currency shall do no longer: this makes us dependent on South Africa and undermine the image of our independence and loyalty to the Empire. If we are to do this however, we will need to form a central monetary authority first however.
Issue the Natal Pound
With a Central Bank in place, it is time to replace all South African currency with one that is uniquely Natalian. No longer shall we be subjected to the monetary desires of Pretoria - economic independence shall herald our national and political independence.
Invest in the Natal University College
The Natal University college is the largest public place for education in the nation, but it still struggles to match the likes of the Stellensbosch and the Witwatersrand. Let us invest in it to ensure our research capacity remains properly up to speed...
Encourage Cash Crop Farming
Cash crop farming has been found to be extremely profitable all over the world, and the climate of Natal is very amenable to the cultivation of cotton, citrus, and bananas. Should these industries be expanded, the nation will see its profits go through the roof - we have a duty to see that our young state becomes a prosperous one.
Expand the Port of Durban
The Port of Durban is already one of the busiest ports in Africa, and now that we enjoy favourable trading terms with our fellow Entente states, it is poised to be a leading exporter of goods from the region to other Entente economies - which isn't to mention the new strategic duties placed on the port. An expansion of the port is most certainly in order.
Shipyards in Durban
While we already have something of a domestic shipbuilding industry, it was merely a part of the greater South African one. As we, of course, are now separated from the shipyards of Cape Town, our duties to the Entente have increased - and our shipyards shall increase to match.
Trading with the Empire
Trade is the lifeblood of such a small state as ours. Luckily, we are in a prime position to enjoy preferred trade status with our peers in the Empire, and obtain much-needed contracts for both import and export. We merely have to reach out to the other Dominions and make a deal.
Improve the Train Lines
While Natal is a small state, she is one with great ambitions of an industrial economy, something that is simply not possible without modern and efficient railways. Much of our rail network was designed to be oriented around the greater South African one, something that must also be rectified
Expand Newcastle's Steel Mills
Newcastle is the largest steel-producing region in Natal by quite a margin, and the industry dominates a large part of the local economy. While previously, it had to contend with competition from other mills in South Africa, Newcastle now has the undivided attention of both Durban and the Entente at large - and with this comes a flow of investment to help it meet its new obligations.
Develop Newcastle's Industry
With the early steel expansion efforts starting to produce profits, we can begin to reinvest these gains into other industries. Newcastle has the capacity to sustain other ventures that could serve to not just diversify the economy, but also serve as the foundation for domestic military industry - something that seems increasingly to be a necessity.
Found the NBC
With South Africa gone, the South African Broadcasting Company is no longer applicable to Natal either. It would be irresponsible for us to simply let our radio infrastructure wither on the vine - the national interests obligates that we build our own national radio broadcasting corporation which will serve as the voice of the government towards the people.
Trade with Mozambique
The Portuguese colony of Mozambique has always been important to Natal - Natalian industries have often imported valuable resources from our neighbour, and used them to make manufactured goods for export. While this relationship was disrupted by war for some time, now that we enjoy a period of peace, we can take steps to reintegrate our regional economies.
Two Can Play the Game
For the longest time the Boers have remained convinced that have held the upper hand by utilising irregular warfare to their advantage. But they have made one fatal error, we Natalese know our land just as well and are just as capable in the tactics of deception and subterfuge. After all, two can play the game.
Phase in New Standard Equipment
Natal must obtain the latest Entente rifle models and production licences, in order to ensure a level of standardisation and thus lessening the burden on supply chains. Unified equipment standards can help ensure uniform training regiments and more efficient fighting.
Procure Entente Advisors
While we have many patriotic veterans wishing to help train up future generations of soldiers at our disposal, it wouldn't hurt to keep abreast of current warfare developments by working with our Entente allies.
Establish NSIS
Cryptology, espionage and secrecy have always been defining elements of warfare but Natal is lagging behind in this department. We must form our own espionage division, the Natalese Secret Intelligence Service, to combat those who would do us harm.
The Zulu Question
In the realm of military affairs, Natal faces a problem - its military remains segregated in favour of the white minority, reducing its already small manpower pool to nigh dismal levels. While the white-led government has always been nervous about giving the natives arms, for several reasons - a little bending of the rules can be made to end this problem. Needs must when the devil drives.
The Natalese Royal Army
Bestowed on us by the King himself, the Natalese Royal Army will form the independent ground forces operating in defence of responsible rule in South Africa. With increased coordination and concentration, our planning capabilities should be much stronger.
Incorporate Fullerite Doctrine
J.F.C. 'Boney' Fuller is one of Canada's leading tank theorists and while his ideas are a bit...interesting, his work on armoured warfare is incredibly fitting for the long stretches of savanna and other flat locales that make up Southern Africa.
The Durban Light Infantry
One of the most senior units in the old South African army, the Royal Durban Light Infantry have long served with distinction and pride. By properly incorporating their legacy and allowing them to train other units in the methods of light and swift warfare, we can create a capable and quick ground force division.
Marmon-Herrington Designs
Marmon-Herrington was the foremost designer and producer of armoured cars and motorised equipment for our South African predecessors. We can salvage some prototype designs that have been left behind for incorporation into our own motorised divisions.
Extend Army Motorisation Contracts
As our army begins to take shape, it is becoming apparent that we will need help for our ambitious motorisation plans. Where holes need to be plugged, private companies can take up contracts to manufacture trucks on our behalf.
Commission Tank Designs
Lacking our own designs to salvage, we'll need to license and commission new tank prototypes for our budding armoured corps. Canada would be most helpful here but we can't rely on their charity forever.
Armoured Warfare Formations
We need to properly incorporate the use of armoured fighting vehicles, be they mechanised infantry or big old tanks, into our fighting capabilities. Large armoured formations will be the vanguard of our army.
Guarding Overhead
The fledgling Royal Natal Air Force must be reorganised so that it's primary purpose is to support troops on the ground and disrupt enemy operations. That way we can totally sabotage any opposition in our path.
Ground Targeting Training
In supporting our troops we cannot just bomb an area indiscriminately and hope for the best. Our pilots must be trained to be able to hit precision targets from high altitudes. An incredible task, but not an unachievable feat...
Red Soil Under a White Sky
To achieve total ground-air synchronisation is no simple feat, but in doing so we will vanquish our enemies like never before. The soil will be stained red, under a sky filled with white smoke.
The Bureau for Munitions & Labour
With the engines of war ramping up, we will need to establish a proper service to coordinate the internal production and acquisition of munitions as well as the native labour corps. We should look to mobilise the latter into servie of new arms plants.
Lease Entente Fighter Designs
Aerial dogfighting and escorting is the bread and butter for the RNAF but currently we lack native designs to form the basis of our fighter wing. With some assisstance from Canada we can put this right.
War in the Bush
Much of Africa is dense forest, jungle and bush. With Natal forming the imperial vanguard in protecting the colonies, we must prepare our troops for the eventuality we are forced to fight in such inhospitable terrain.
Incorporate Askari Scouts
Askari soldiers have long been a loyal element of our forces, and they know their homelands very well. By properly incorporate local scouts we can have a large corps of capable reconnaissance experts at our disposal.
Masters of the Irregular
Like our Boer adversaries, we too know how to use the land to our advantage and how to leverage an arsenal of skilled men over an army of grunts. What we may lack in firepower and raw recruits, we can more than make up for in skill, cunning and guile.
Training on the Savanna
While our climate is more akin to the temperate Mediterranean than tropical jungles of the Congo, military exercises in the heat do not exactly lend themselves to good health. By utilising the savanna for long training exercises, we can ensure our soldiers are able to deal with more difficult climates.
Training on the Savanna
While our climate is more akin to the temperate Mediterranean than tropical jungles of the Congo, military exercises in the heat do not exactly lend themselves to good health. By utilising the savanna for long training exercises, we can ensure our soldiers are able to deal with more difficult climates.
Expand the Natal Carbineers
Having served with distinction, the Royal Natal Carbineers are an old force in the South African army, having earned a reputation of being fearsome warriors. By expanding the numbers of the Carbineers, we can impart some new tactics to the rest of the army and new recruits eager to prove their mettle.
Expand the Natal Carbineers
Having served with distinction, the Royal Natal Carbineers are an old force in the South African army, having earned a reputation of being fearsome warriors. By expanding the numbers of the Carbineers, we can impart some new tactics to the rest of the army and new recruits eager to prove their mettle.
Form the Natal Bomber Division
With a focus on a smaller and more elite army, kitted out for special operations, the Royal Natalese Air Force will become our main fighting force, focusing on total destruction of the enemy via way of extreme destruction and tactical airpower.
Saturated Destruction Exercises
With our army operating on a more smaller scale, we can afford to be far more aggressive with our bombing runs. Rather than leave anything to chance, large areas of military interest will be attacked and saturated with a rain of hellfire.
By the Veil of Darkness
Daytime air assaults are a dangerous game, leaving our pilots open to attack but at the same time giving them the visibility they so desperately need. Night operations are risky but with adequate training we can counter this to a degree.
The Natalese Parachute Corps
With our army moving to focus on elite troops and specialist operations, we should invest in keeping the old South African 'commando' tradition alive while making them fit for the modern age. Death from above need not come in the form of a bomb, but a regiment of highly trained warriors too.
Evasion, Adaption & Survival
Being dropped deep behind enemy lines is a dangerous task and our parachutists must be armed with the tools necessary to ensure their immediate survival, ability to evade enemy forces and adapt to circumstances so they may live to fight another day.
Rapid Envelopment Doctrine
Our commandoes will need to be quick and able to rapidly organise themselves on the ground. In doing they'll be able to quickly launch a vertical envelopement and respond to threats.
The Natalese Maritime Regiments
Being a coastal nation, borne of maritime tradition, it is only natural that we take our backs to the sea and learn to fight from the waves. With our enemies protected by the deep blue ocean, we should show them this is no protection at all.
Amphibious Landing Exercises
Our troops must be able to efficiently and swiftly launch from the sea to shore and secure a beach-head in rapid succession. It's no easy task but with adequate training, any challenge is surmountable.
Naval Commando Exercises
While our marines will be the first troops to land and establish a beach-head, they will need to survive the initial onslaught, likely while lacking proper supply lines and be forced to push against enemy forces. It is imperative they receive the proper training to survive this initial onslaught.
Form the Royal Natalese Navy
Though coming from more than humble origins, the newly christened Royal Natal Navy has come into its own. Though not a large Navy by any means, it can still provide South Africa's original goal of defending the Cape against any who threat the Entente and Natal's interests.
Expand the Durban Dockyards
With more or less the entire South African Fleet changing colours to hoist the Union Jack over the Prinsenvlag, Natal has been left with a fairly large fleet for its size, but she lacks the facilities to maintain them. We will need to expand our dockyards to ensure we can properly support the one true navy.
'Nipper' Warfare
Destroyers are cheap, quick and reliable. Ideal ships for a coast guard and protecting their larger cousins, if weak. A large fleet of destroyers will form ideal 'nippers' to harass enemy ships and make way for our own.
Manoeuvre Exercises
The seas are large and our naval forces small. If they want to live to fight another day then they must be swift and quick, able to disappear into the night at a moment's notice and paralyse our enemies with quick manoeuvre skills.
Shipping Escorts
Cruisers make for excellent mini-capital ships, are swift and versatile and will be form the backbone of the forces protecting vital shipping routes. After all, we can't let Natal be isolated from the King!
Hallifax at the Helm
With Admiral Hallifax defecting to Natal in its time of need, he has taken the helm of the Natal's Navy and is helping direct our fledgling forces. Soon enough we shall be a force to be reckoned with!
Establish the Natal Sea College
Lacking a proper maritime academy at the present moment, it is time to appropriate some academic facilities in Durban and turn them into a proper naval college so that new recruits and veteran captains can learn a thing or two.
Refurbish Coastal Basing Facilities
If we are to have a means of proper power projection then we'll need to have proper facilities to base our naval forces. Currently lacking, our coastal base facilities could do with some polish and new paint. Maybe a little more...
Coastal Air Squadrons
With the Air Force focusing on greater coordination with ground forces, the Navy has opted to form its own independent Naval Bomber air wing. This has allowed for greater coordination and the ability to provide naval bombing strikes, where they are sorely needed.
Loyalist Bastion
Where the rest of South Africa brazenly abandoned his majesty in the time of need, Natal stands as a shining light in the service of the king-emperor. The only one of the four colonies united in the Union of South Africa in 1910 to still be in the imperial fold, and it will remain that way.
Native Labour Regulation Act
The Native Labour Regulation Act regulates the use of native labour in Natal, subjecting the native labour force to certain regulations that, although more limited than those of white people, at least guarantee some basic rights. It is popular with the natives as they are now afforded protection, while the white working class approves as it gives them less of a disadvantage at the labour market compared to a native worker.
Zulu Communalism
Most of Natal's native population belong to Zulu tribes. By encouraging the tribal structures, recognising and supporting the tribal rulers and increasing their stipends, the Natalian government has cultivated a sense of Zulu communalism that limits the capacity of syndicalism to take root in the Zulu population.
Land Settlement
To limit the influence of syndicalism among the native population, the government has decided to extend the amount of land allocated to be owned unconditionally by the native population. After all, why would one support an anti-ownership ideology if one owns land for oneself?
Native Education
Under South African rule, state-funded native education was completely absent, with education opportunities for the native population being entirely limited to religious institutions. This changes now, with certain base education being provided for by the state, even for the native population. Low literacy among the native population does not benefit us either.
Decaying Zulu Traditionalism
A faltering leadership and lack of opportunity in the traditional Zulu lands are causing the traditional tribal structures among the Zulu people who make up the majority of Natal's population to decay. The vacuum left by the crumbling traditionalism leaves allows for the introduction of dangerous ideologies like syndicalism among the Zulu people and drives Zulu's to Natal's urban areas, where they come to compete with the poor whites in a similar fashion as in the rest of South Africa.
Militant Native Socialists
The harsh measures against native syndicalism by the Natalian government have radicalised the Natal ICU. Its ability to represent native interests is curtailed as the viciousness of the struggle with the authorities scare off many, but those who stayed have only become more violent.
Indian Diaspora
Natal has a significant Asian population, who arrived in the region as indentured workers in Natal's sugar plantations during the 19th century. By now, they mostly live in Indian neighbourhoods in Durban and other urban areas.
Indian Diaspora
Natal has a significant Asian population, who arrived in the region as indentured workers in Natal's sugar plantations during the 19th century. By now, they mostly live in Indian neighbourhoods in Durban and other urban areas.
Repressed Indian Diaspora
Natal has a significant Asian population, who arrived in the region as indentured workers in Natal's sugar plantations during the 19th century. By now, they mostly live in Indian neighbourhoods in Durban and other urban areas.
Indian Diaspora
Natal has a significant Asian population, who arrived in the region as indentured workers in Natal's sugar plantations during the 19th century. By now, they mostly live in Indian neighbourhoods in Durban and other urban areas.
Represented Indian Diaspora
Natal has a significant Asian population, who arrived in the region as indentured workers in Natal's sugar plantations during the 19th century. By now, they mostly live in Indian neighbourhoods in Durban and other urban areas.
Indian University Students
Previously access to higher education was very limited to Indians, owing to racist bars reserving access to whites. The government has loosened these regulations, meaning the Asiatic population of Natal no longer needs to travel overseas to be admitted to university college.
Judicial System
The Natalian Judicial system is a combination of South African and British traditions. The system selectively makes use of South African jurisprudence according to the recommendations of the so-called 'Judicial Transition System'. Use of Roman-Dutch law as is customary in South Africa is not in effect anymore.
National Reconstruction
We have been fighting our former countrymen of South Africa. This has resulted in destruction and pain throughout the nation, and now it is time to rebuild it.
Monetary System
After seceding from South Africa, Natal didn't have any control over its currency as these are all under control over South Africa. To resolve this problem, a special Natalian monetary system of a central bank is being crafted by the government.
Imperial Trade
The Spirit of Resistance
In the face of adversity we take well after our forefathers. Big guns might win battles but pluck and spirit win wars.
The Natalese Royal Army
With the support of the King himself, the Natalese Royal Army stands ready to vanquish foes of the Empire.
Guarding from the Skies
The Natalese Royal Air Force has been formed to primarily focus on the defence of ground troops and supporting their efforts.
Death from Above
With our army being more focused on specialist operations, the RNAF will have to take up the bulk of fighting via way of tactical and strategic bombing runs.
The Royal Natalese Navy
With our backs to the sea, we are the masters of the Cape and beyond. For the King, Natal shall rule the waves!
The §YImperial Economic Development Council§! will be more likely to prioritise us.
A §YConciliatory Approach§! will be taken.
A §YRepressive Approach§! will be taken.
§YThe Zulu and Indian population will be more focused on their mutual antagonism than on the White Government's policies.§!\n
§YThe government now has a reason to arrest large amounts of Zulus and the Indian diaspora will be cheering it on.§!\n
§YUnhinged Zulu rioting will take place in the Indian neighbourhoods of Durban, forcing many Indians to flee, distracting them from the government's policies against them.§!\n
Chose to take a §Yconciliatory approach§! towards the Zulu majority.
Chose to take a §Yrepressive approach§! towards the Zulu majority.
Chose to take a §Yconciliatory approach§! towards the Indian diaspora.
Chose to take a §Yrepressive approach§! towards the Indian diaspora.
Natal's Secessionist Force
The Provincial Council of Natal has overwhelmingly the declaration of loyalty to the Empire, and the Natalian population already decreed its support for the course of action, both in electing this provincial council as through their signing of the Natal Covenant.\n\nHowever, a reaction from Pretoria is likely to be forthcoming, and if Natal is to survive then a certain military backing will be required.\n\nTo this end, the Provincial Council-now-to-be-Natalian Parliament has called upon all the king-emperor's loyal subject to take up arms in defence against the vile Boers in Pretoria. To the relief of the government, the call has received an enthusiastic response, and the Natal Mounted Rifles have defected to the secessionists. Certain military leaders of the UDF also declared their support for our cause.
To arms, for his majesty!
Loyalist Militias Rise!
Our choice to seize the moment and declare our independence is far from universally supported. While in both the Cape and Transvaal provinces a full-on declaration of secession could be avoided on account of the large segment of conservative Afrikaner populations that strongly support our republican cause, these provinces still have a significant white English-speaker demographic incensed by our abandonment of the Imperial fold. Certain groups of liberal Afrikaners in the Cape have also sided with the Anglo-South African cause to bring South Africa back into the imperial fold. As such, militias which have declared support for the Natal government have risen up, and it has to be concluded that the government does not exercise effective control in the Eastern Cape coast between Natal and Port Elizabeth any longer.
We will crush those traitors!
Loyalist Militias Rise!
Good news! English-speaking populations and even certain liberal Afrikaner groups in the Cape have denounced the government's declaration of the republic and have risen in Natal-aligned militias throughout the country. The most they have seized effective control over a significant chunk of the east of the Cape Province between Natal and Port Elizabeth, and in the urban areas of Port Elizabeth itself, Cape Town and Johannesburg loyalist militias are skirmishing with South African Army units.\n\nThroughout the country, support for the imperial cause is present, but defeating the Boer menace will likely not be an easy task to fulfil.
The Boers should be afraid!
Rejoining the Empire
We have left the treacherous and illegitimate republic by the grace of God. Now it is time to swear our fealty to the one and true legitimate king once more.\n\nRealistically speaking, the overwhelming support we are receiving here in South Africa is likely insufficient to actually defeat the Afrikaners and their professional military. Therefore, our envoy, who will be leaving from Mozambique where he will be joined by a representative from Southern Rhodesia, will also request formal recognition by the Empire and seek official reinforcement. We recognise that the focus of the exiles is at the homecoming, we do. But if we, his majesty's loyal subjects from Southern Africa, are to help them fulfil this goal, we will need their help.
Safe travels!
Natal and Southern Rhodesia seek our recognition and support
The Afrikaner Nationalist government of our now-former dominion of South Africa has declared itself a republic and distanced itself from the Empire. Two provinces of South Africa, the provinces of Natal and Southern Rhodesia, which have an English-speaking white electorate, have denounced this illegal secession and declared their own independence from the newly-minted Republic of South Africa.\n\nOf course, the South African government has exerted its intention to reclaim the loyalist provinces. These provinces have now sent envoys to us begging for our recognition and our intervention to save them from near-certain domination by South Africa's Dutch-descended, numerically larger, Afrikaner settler population.\n\nThis brings forth a dilemma, for a third Boer War could become costly and distract from the homecoming to a degree, but on the other hand we can hardly condemn our loyal subjects to Boer rule.
We will send what support we can.
South Africa is *not* slipping from our grasp - send in the troops.
The [From.GetFactionName] Promises Reinforcements
Great news: our envoys have arrived from [From.GetNameDef]. They affirm that the [From.GetFactionName] has agreed to support our cause and that reinforcements are on their way to relieve the pressure exerted by South African forces on our local forces. All we have to do now is hold out long enough for these forces from across the empire to arrive!
God save our gracious king!
The [From.GetFactionName] Joins the Fray
Great news: our envoys have arrived from [From.GetNameDef]. Any fears or scepticism about being left to our fate were put to rest, as their response exceeded all our expectations. They reaffirmed their unwavering support for our cause and promised immediate military intervention in order to put down the illegitimate republic. Thanks to their support, our victory is all but guaranteed.
God save our gracious king!
The Port Elizabeth Declaration
'Recognising that the Republic of South Africa Constitution Act has never properly been granted Royal Assent and asserting that Afrikaner support can grant no mandate under any circumstance to sever the relation between South Africa's British population and the British crown, this document affirms that the Republic of South Africa does not form a legitimate and indeed sovereign state in any capacity.'\n\nThis is the opening sentence of the Port Elizabeth Declaration, a document drafted by the mayor of Port Elizabeth and signed by several prominent members of the Natal administration. The document asserts that the republican government of South Africa holds no legitimacy and radically amends the South Africa Act as it was before the Republic of South Africa Constitution Act, establishing a federal model similar to Canada or Australasia, and entrenching the monarchist form of government. The significance of the document comes forth from it being subsequently approved by the Natalian parliament, staking their claim to being not merely a secessionist entity, but a rival government to the republic intent on usurping its position after the end of the Boer War.
A Federal South Africa shall rise!
The Port Elizabeth Declaration
The treacherous Natalians and their illegitimate parliament have passed the Port Elizabeth declaration, which had been drafted by the mayor of Port Elizabeth. The document denies the legitimacy of the Republic of South Africa, and makes for a Natalian claim of being the true South African government, with an amended South Africa Act that entrenches the monarchist form of government and bases itself on a federal model similar to Australasia and Canada. This declaration significantly increases the stakes of the war, because now it is either victory, or death.
Oorwinning of die dood!
The Navy Defects to our side
South Africa's navy has never amounted to much, merely being a small detachment of ships acquired from the Royal Navy. The limited Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve's officer corps, as well as most people in the vicinity of its primary base, Simon's Town near Cape Town, sympathies with our stated goals and have defected to our ranks and set sail from the beleaguered Simon's Town toward Durban.
Natal rules the Waves!
The Naval Volunteer Reserve Defects
Disaster, the navy of the Union of South Africa, the Naval Volunteer Reserve, has defected from our ranks and declared their allegiance to the rebels in Natal. While this isn't much of a surprise, given the sympathies held by most marine personnel and the inhabitants of the main marine base of Simon's Town, it is still considered a setback as military control could perhaps delay the influx of supplies from the British Empire or delay any potential invasion, to which we are now certainly exposed.
Treachery on the land and in the sea!
Peace with [SAF.GetNameDef]
We have successfully defended [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] from the republicans of South Africa, and their morale is dangling as a result of the failure. We could take this opportunity to enforce peace and secure the independence of [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] and their loyalty to the Empire, but this would entail giving up on the hoped notion of destroying the republican government and restoring British governance throughout all of South Africa.
It is time to extend the olive branch.
We will not rest until those vile republicans are destroyed!
The Newcastle Convention
As our war against the Unionists drags on, and little progress has been made on either side, the secessionist government in Natal has approached us with an offer of peace. Should we agree, the rebels would give up their bid to restore the Union of South Africa under their leadership, but we would have to accept the independence of both Natal and Rhodesia.\n\nMany in our government wish to continue the war regardless, as this could very well be our last opportunity to deal with the rebels, and accepting the offer would see our nation fragmented for the foreseeable future. It is, however, unlikely that we will see an end to this conflict any time soon, and it is hard to deny that our war-weary population wants to see it end as soon as possible. Regardless, it is time to make a decision.
Signed and stamped.
No peace with British bootlickers!
The Newcastle Convention
[ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] has finally secured its independence. In the Natalian industrial town of Newcastle, a historic location because of its involvement in the drafting of the Pretoria convention of 1881, representatives of [FROM.GetNameDef] and [ROOT.GetNameDef] as well as other Entente representatives have signed the treaty that ensures their continued existence. The treaty does mean that [FROM.GetNameDef] will also live to see another day, and that any pretences of an alternative South African government are forfeit. Hopefully this will serve for us to be equal and friendly members of the international community for the coming future.
At least we survived...
Natives in Natal
The former Natal Province, and now the Natal dominion, is not only the heartland of the Anglo-South African diaspora: in this same region, the legendary Shaka Zulu consolidated the Zulu kingdom, which lasted until their eventual defeat to the encroaching British Empire in the Anglo-Zulu war in 1871.\n\nThis historical background is the primary reason that still today, most natives, who make up a very large majority of Natal's population, are Zulu's. Like South Africa we are a white minority-ruled state, as the province and colony of Natal were. The new government should however re-evaluate the status of the Zulu people, now that Natal has left South Africa and reattained full self-governance.
To an extent, cooperation is necessary.
Only repression can keep White Natalians safe.
Working with the ICU?
Back when we were part of South Africa, affiliating with the ICU would have been unthinkable, and the result of such actions revealed themselves when Labour minister Walter Madely did so, causing a split in the party.\n\nOur government is not afraid to indeed work with the ICU for the betterment of Natal. The ICU has a lot of influence on the native population, but their radicalism is somewhat unsettling. Moderates exist among their ranks, however, and prime minister Boydell believes that moderate trade unionism among natives can be cultivated by recognising and working with the Natal ICU instead of constantly vilifying them. Others propose the influence of the ICU can be worn down by establishing new moderate trade unions with whom the government will engage.
We can surely lure the ICU away from its radicalism!
We should organise non-radical unions instead.
Recognising a Paramount Chief
Since the demise of the kingdom of Zululand, events have not fared well for the Zulu monarchy. The family has merely been recognised by the government as the chiefs of the Usuthu and to make matters worse, since the death of Solomon kaDinuZulu Zulu in 1933, this throne has been disputed between his sons: Pikokwaziwayo Victor kaSolomon Zulu, Thandayiphi kaSolomon Zulu and Cyprian BhekuZulu kaSolomon. In the meantime, the South African government had appointed Mshiyeni kaDinuZulu Zulu, Solomon's brother, as the regent of the chiefdom.\n\nThe new Natalian government's consideration is that the best defence against syndicalist infiltration among the Zulu people is to recognise a paramount chief of the Zulu nation once more to strengthen the tribal structures, but this does mean a stand will have to be taken: one of the princes' claims must be enforced in order to allow us to declare one paramount chief of all the Zulu.
Prince Pikokwaziwayo, as the oldest son.
Prince Thandayiphi, the regent's recommendation.
Prince Cyprian, who was designated as heir in a schoolbook.
Cooperation with John Dube
John Langalibalele Dube is the leader of the African National Congress (ANC) in Natal, a native rights group with some similarities to the ICU, albeit much smaller. It is the avid conservatism of this man that has attracted the attention of the government: at a time when syndicalist influence among the Zulu people is growing while the descendants of the Zulu king are busy infighting for the right to the Usuthu chiefdom, Dube is seen as a possible route towards preserving the native traditional structures, forming a defence against syndicalist demagoguery. As Dube is a native rights activist, cooperation goes both ways however.
Let us invite him for a cup of tea!
Indians in Natal
Natal's Asiatic community is primarily descended from Indian indentured workers who were imported to work on the sugarcane plantations in the region. Nowadays, they make up a substantial portion of the Natalian population, one larger than the white diaspora. To the annoyance of their white counterparts, many Indians have very successful small businesses that outcompete their competition. As a result of this, the white population of Natal had curtailed their civil rights long before the Natal's inclusion in the Union of South Africa.\n\nThe Asiatic community is politically aware and treating them poorly will likely result in mass actions. However, if we are to cater to them we ought to be careful, for the white electorate will likely disapprove. With the independence of Natal asserted, a policy towards these Natalian citizens needs to be formulated.
We need to work together more closely.
Surely we cannot allow them to outcompete us!
Race Riots in Durban
Disaster... After an Indian man allegedly hit a Zulu girl, Zulu rioters have assaulted ethnic Indians in the Indian business district of Durban. In their rage, they have started attacking individual Indians, stoning vehicles of Indian drivers, looting Indian stores and burning Indian property. According to an informant, the Zulus are organised by troublemakers who have decided it 'is time to rid the country of Indians'.\n\nThe police is ready to follow the town council's instructions. According to the police chief intervening as soon as possible would be necessary to limit the amount of casualties to be expected.
Make sure it does not become a true massacre, but don't let it end too soon.
A harsh crackdown on these Zulu barbarians is warranted!
Let the Zulu have their fun.
Asiatic Representation Council
The Natal government has decided to grant the Asian diaspora in Natal a certain degree of representation. Whereas they previously held no political influence at all, an Asiatic Representation Council made up of whites will now be elected by the Asiatic population of Natal, giving them at least a degree of representation, even if Natal's whites are not prepared to share power with them on an equal basis.
A step in the right direction, I assure you!
General Elections of [GetYear]
With the end of the war, it is time the Natalian (white) population elects a government with a mandate. The provisional independence coalition of the Union Federal Party and the Dominion Party has dissolved and the last few weeks they have been campaigning against one another. Most expect that one of those two will secure a majority, though if parliament proves hung, there is a slim chance that a coalition of the Natal Labour Party and the leftovers of the South African Party might be able to form a government instead, banishing both the supposed larger parties to the opposition. The National Party also partakes on an unambiguous reunionist platform, but they are not expected to be competitive anywhere but in Durban-North.
The Union Federal Party gains a working majority.
The Dominion Party wins over half of the constituencies.
A coalition between Labour and SAP proves successful.
Victory in the Boer War
Once again, the British stand victorious. D.F. Malan's rebellious republic has been vanquished, and rightful imperial order has been restored. South Africa's future is once again firmly aligned with the British Empire and the Entente. It is now up to us to ensure this will have been the last time South Africa is drenched in blood. Surely the third time is the charm?!
God save the King!
Federal Elections of [GetYear]
It is time to hold our new federation's first federal elections. Much like in the Union, most of the electorate is still white, but it is most definitely different from before: large amounts of Afrikaners affiliated with the treacherous National Party, or those who fought on the Boer side during the war have been disenfranchised, making up for the demographic gap between Afrikaners and English-speaking South Africans.\n\nThe election is somewhat similar to those in the early days of the union, with Nicholls' Union Federal Party fulfilling the role of the English-speaking Unionists and the South African Party, now led by Jan Hendrik Hofmeyr following the retirement of general Smuts, being supported by Afrikaners, although most former Nationalists, insofar they are not disenfranchised, do not recognise themselves in the liberal path Hofmeyr is pulling the party towards.
Victory for Nicholls, father of the Federation!
Hofmeyr's liberal programme wins the day!
Militias occupy the Houses of Parliament
'The notion that, after having defeated Afrikaner forces, the mechanics of democracy once again put the Afrikaners in power at the cost of South Africa's British population, is unacceptable.' is what the MP for Roodepoort, Charles Stallard, of the fringe Dominion Party declared. Today was supposed to be the festive assembly of the first federal parliament of South Africa, after the SAP's victory. Not so, as militias who fought for the Federal side during the Boer War occupied Cape Town's Houses of Parliament at this very day. Stallard, acting as the speaker for these rebels, directed the Governor-General directly: to safeguard the interests of the British diaspora in South Africa, parliament is to be suspended for an undetermined period and the Governor-General is to assume control of the government in a similar fashion to Australasia's situation in the 1920s, while a Dominion Party caretaker government shall assist in this task.\n\nThe Governor-General then stepped up and...
... invoked his Emergency Powers to follow up on the call!
... denounced the disrespect to the democratic process.
Militias retreat from the Houses of Parliament
Following the denunciation by the Governor-General, Stallard and the militias were forced to conclude that without the requested support of the crown, their attempted coup would stand no chance. The militias then surrendered and the parliamentary process was resumed as it was originally planned. Later that day, prospective prime minister Jan Hendrik Hofmeyr, announced his understanding for the British concerns, and as a reconciliatory measure announced he would pardon all soldiers involved with the occupation besides those who orchestrated it, whose punishment he would instead personally commute to a maximum of five years in prison if they were to be sentenced more than that.
A rocky start to a new beginning
Federal Elections of [GetYear]
The mandate of the federal government has run out and the governor-general has called elections once again. The South African electorate in all of South Africa's states have gathered to elect a new parliament to represent them in Cape Town. Politicians from both the UFP and SAP, having spent the season campaigning for their seats in the federal parliament, are awaiting anxiously if their hard work has been rewarded by the voter.
The Union Federal Party gains the majority!
The South African Party triumphs!
General Elections of [GetYear]
With the five year mandate of parliament complete, it is time for the Natalian electorate to elect a new one. The main parties competing to form a government are the Union Federal Party of Nicholls, the Dominion Party of Stallard and the Labour Party of Boydell. Now nothing is left but to await the results...
The Union Federal Party gains a working majority.
The Dominion Party wins over half of the constituencies.
A coalition between Labour and SAP proves successful.
The 'Coloured' Enfranchisement Act
Now that J.H. Hofmeyr has received his newly acquired majority in the new Federal Parliament in Cape Town, he has tabled his most controversial bill yet. And it is going to pass: in the federal elections Hofmeyr gambled that at least the more moderate right-wing Afrikaners, deprived of their own party which due to its involvement with the attempted secession from the Empire is now illegal, would be too dense to vote for the English-speaker Union Federal Party of Heaton Nicholls, and as such did everything within his power to have progressive candidates nominated. In this way, he created a coalition of Afrikaners and British progressives, which shattered the UFP despite the gerrymandered districts ensuring the British vote would be decisive.\n\nSeeing the writing on the wall with the SAP majority, and unwilling to alienate a clearly about to be enfranchised 'coloured' voter base, the UFP has decided to support the bill, while quietly assuring their constituents in Natal that they will allow this to be a step towards enfranchisement of the Indian population of Natal. The only opposition in the federal parliament comes from the hard-line segregationist Dominion Party, with colonel Stallard condemning the prime minister's bill, claiming ‘the new states of the South African Federation are not like the provinces of the Union which can be told what to do by Pretoria; this bill great oversteps the bounds of federal authority.' However, his objections will not stop the bill from passing. The Dominion Party is only a minor player in parliament.
The bill passes comfortably!
Language Battle in Stellenbosch
We have been working hard to anglicise South Africa, and part of it was to convince institutions of higher education to drop their Afrikaans and teach in English instead. Unfortunately, one of the oldest and most prestigious universities in South Africa, the University of Stellenbosch, prides itself on a long tradition of primarily teaching in Afrikaans and shows unwillingness to comply with everything we try to do to get it so: bringing over Anglophone professionals, giving support to complying universities over them, denying grants to them. They are still actively hiring Afrikaans professors and continue to teach the vast majority of their subjects in Afrikaans. They are a lone island of Afrikaner culture which we seem to be unable to get to budge.
Enough! Teach in English or be relegated to the history books!
Revoke every last privilege and Pound of funding!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Join the Entente
After we refused to help the pro-British rebels in South Africa, few thought that they would defy and defeat the republic on their own. Yet they did somehow prevail by themselves, and now, [From.GetNameDefCap] has formally applied once again to rejoin the British Empire and sphere of influence. At this point, there seems little reason to refuse them...
Let the Union Jack wave proudly once again!
Impressive, but the whole point was to ditch South Africa!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
Unsurprisingly, [From.GetNameDef] was more than happy to welcome us back this time. With the Boers defeated [Root.GetNameDef] shall stand, hopefully this time permanently, with the Empire!
Say it with me, Boer, God save the King!
[From.GetNameDefCap] rejects us once again!
Unbelievable! First the [From.GetAdjective] left us in the cold during the struggle against the Boer menace. Despite their lack of reinforcement in what beforehand seemed a hopeless struggle we still managed to prevail in our loyalty to the Empire, which we expected to promptly rejoin now that we have won. Not so unfortunately, because for whatever reason, they simply do not want us. We have been nothing but loyal, and this is our thanks?!
Maybe we should join America!
The Federation Rekindled
Event for a post-Boer War peace Natal - someone else has defeated the Boers and given them control over the rest of South Africa, so Natal reforms itself into the Federation.
Victory, snatched from the jaws of defeat.
