Legion of the Slavic Nations
KPRP
Komunistyczna Partia Robotnicza Polski (Polish Communist Workers' Party)\n§LFounded in the wake of the Russian Revolution by Polish communists, the KPRP's heyday was short. After the collapse of Soviet Russia and the successes of the Western syndicalist revolutions, the KPRP is a shell of a movement, forced underground and fighting for relevance even within the far left.§!\n
ZZZ
Związek Związków Zawodowych (Union of Trade Unions)\n§LThe core of the Revolutionary Committee, the Union of Trade Unions is made up of anarchist and syndicalist exiles and emigrés in France, organising underground activities in Poland proper. The ZZZ is an effort to unite the different syndicalist-minded groups under Chairman Kazimierz Zakrzewski's leadership. The main part of the ZZZ is composed of the Piłsudskian Generalna Federacja Pracy (The General Federation of Labour), and Lew Marek's anarcho-syndicalist and internationalist Anarchistyczna Federacja Polski (Anarchist Federation of Poland).§!\n
Centrolew - PPS-L
PPS-L
Polska Partia Socjalistyczna - Lewica (Polish Socialist Party - Left)\n§LThe PPS's radical wing, led by the anarchist Zygmunt Zaremba, is a minority within the party. They act as a liaison between the Revolutionary Committee and the moderate PPS, organising underground activities under the PPS's wing.§!\n
Centrolew - PPS
PPS
Polska Partia Socjalistyczna (Polish Socialist Party)\n§LThe social-democratic PPS is one of the two major opposition parties, forming the Centrolew bloc alongside the People's Party. Norbert Barlicki's party has strong sympathies with both republican and socialist anti-monarchist movements, but currently maintains a carefully pragmatic stance towards the Kingdom.§!\n
Polska Partia Socjalistyczna (Polish Socialist Party)\n§LThe social-democratic PPS and their allies managed to overthrow the kingdom and promise a new, more democratic Poland. They seek further parliamentarism, building a strong social safety network and restricting the power of Poland's aristocracy and business elite.§!\n
Centrolew - PSL
PSL
Polskie Stronnictwo Ludowe (Polish People's Party)\n§LThe second half of Centrolew is the People's Party, the result of the unification of several populist, liberal, and agrarian parties. Having strong ties with its equivalent in Galicia, Maksymilian Malinowski's party serves as the main vehicle for republicanism, even if it currently maintains a pragmatic stance towards the monarchy.§!\n
Polskie Stronnictwo Ludowe (Polish People's Party)\n§LOriginally formed out of several populist, liberal, and agrarian parties, the People's Party have successfully achieved power after the Clover Revolution, and is now in a position to build the Poland they have promised to build: where peasant, priest and lord are all equal before the law.§!\n
MKP
Międzypartyjne Koło Polityczne (Interpartisan Political Circle)\n§LFormed in 1915 out of moderate National Democrat and liberal parties, the MKP decided to collaborate with the Central Powers. It is a coalition of the Democratic-National Party, the Party of Real Politics, the Polish Progressive Party, the Party of Polish Statehood and a number of other organisations. The party acts as a representative of the middle ground in Polish politics. It would be considered socially conservative, economically liberal and constitutionalist, and is supported by the middle class and economic sector in particular.§!\n
ChZJN
Chrześcijański Związek Jedności Narodowej (Christian Union of National Unity)\n§LAn alliance of Christian Democratic and National Democratic parties which disagree with MKP's economically liberal approach and pro-German foreign policy. ChZJN, or Chjena, champions for national democracy and Catholic social doctrine, and while pragmatic towards the monarchy, seeks greater independence for Poland through legal means.§!\n
Chrześcijański Związek Jedności Narodowej (Christian Union of National Unity)\n§LAn alliance of Christian Democratic and National Democratic parties, the deeply Catholic and nationalist ChZJN seeks to safeguard Poland's traditional social hierarchy, independence and the Church's position as the soul of the nation.§!\n
MKP-SP
Międzypartyjne Koło Polityczne - Stronnictwo Państwowe (Statehood Party)\n§LThe conservative and openly pro-German wing of the circle. Led by Władysław Studnicki, the party seeks closer relations with Berlin and to uphold the traditional rights of the szlachta.§!\n
Geheimrat
Geheimrat (Privy Council)\n§LThe Geheimrat is an informal advisory board to King August IV, composed mostly of the King's German and Austrian military and economy advisors and pro-German Polish magnates. The Geheimrat has no interest in Polish liberties, but rather seeks to maintain the King's position and Austro-German interests in Poland. The unofficial head of the Privy Council is the most influential German citizen in the country, leader of the military mission, Wolfgang von Kries.§!\n
Generalgouvernement Warschau
Generalgouvernement Warschau\n§LThe General Government of Warsaw is the final nail in the coffin of Poland's independence. Supported by the loyalist generals and Germans, the Governor-General rules with an iron fist, mercilessly quelling any dissent. Elections and the constitution are suspended indefinitely.§!\n
LN
Liga Narodowa (National League)\n§LEstablished in 1893, the National League began as a conspiratorial organisation created from the Endecja movement. The radicals of the Endecja under Roman Dmowski are not welcome in Poland, and their leadership is exiled in Moscow. During the years, they have forged connections within both the Russian far-right and Polish underground organisations, plotting to liberate Poland one day from external and internal enemies.§!\n
ZSP
Związek Syndykalistów Polskich (Union of Polish Syndicalists)\n§LFounded by the supporters of Kazimierz Zakrzewski, the ZSP is officially a broadly syndicalist and democratic organisation, but in practice adheres to Zakrzewski's personal ideology. The mass movement is largely based around Zakrzewski's role as the leader of the revolution, and is made immensely popular because of the patriotism of the common people, and their mistrust towards \
ZSP
$POL_totalist2_party_long$
SZW
Syndykalistyczny Związek \
PPS
Polska Partia Socjalistyczna (Polish Socialist Party)\n§LThe former radical wing of the PPS has found itself as the moderates of the socialist republic. They seek a democratic and relatively decentralised Poland, fearing that the revolution will yet turn on itself and become tyrannical, like so many revolutions before it.§!\n
PPS-P
Polska Partia Socjalistyczna - Prawica (Polish Socialist Party - Right)\n§LNow in the minority, the right-wing faction of the PPS is lukewarm at best towards the revolution, and is best described as fellow-travellers seeking to maintain at least some aspects of parliamentarism in Poland.§!\n
PC
Polskie Centrum (Polish Centre)\n§LThe Centre is a minor conservative-liberal party that is mostly composed of earlier monarchists and the moderates of the MKP who did not retire from politics. They prefer keeping economic ties to Germany and Austria would oppose any war with either, seeing it as the utmost folly.§!\n
SPZ
Stronnictwo Państwowo-Zachowawcze (State Preservation Party)\n§LThe State Preservation Party is a conservative grouping of the ex-MKP politicians who speak for keeping many of the structures from the kingdom and avoiding dramatic reforms or foreign policy changes, as they see those as possibly harmful for Poland's security.§!\n
OZN
Obóz Zjednoczenia Narodowego (Camp of National Unity)\n§LThe OZN is essentially a political arm of Edward Rydz-Śmigły's military clique. It presents itself as an apolitical organisation that seeks to unite all political groupings in Poland under one banner. In practice, its political programme is almost copied from the National Democracy movement, mostly composed of militarism, nationalism and anti-Semitism.§!\n
SN
Stronnictwo Narodowe (National Party)\n§LAfter the National Democrat movement was allowed to organise openly again, the disciples of Roman Dmowski founded the National Party as their political arm. While on paper the movement is merely Christian conservative, in practice the party is very radical. As most of the moderate National Democrats are involved in ChZJN, the National Party is filled with those who were banned earlier - far-right radicals around Adam Doboszyński and hardcore Endeks with no love for the democratic system.§!\n
ON
Organizacja Narodowa (National Organisation)\n§LIn Adam Doboszyński's theory of the nation, the multiparty system is anathema to national unity. Instead, the elite should be united under a single political organisation, which is able to coordinate the entirety of society according to Christian and distributionist doctrines. This group of virtuous men will act as the teachers and organisers for the people, and ensure that the political hygiene of the masses is developed.§!\n
Poland
Polish
Poland
Polish Socialist Republic
the Polish Socialist Republic
Polish Socialist Republic
the Polish Socialist Republic
Polish Socialist Republic
the Polish Socialist Republic
Polish People's Republic
the Polish People's Republic
Polish People's Republic
the Polish People's Republic
Republic of Poland
the Republic of Poland
Republic of Poland
the Republic of Poland
Republic of Poland
the Republic of Poland
Republic of Poland
the Republic of Poland
Republic of Poland
the Republic of Poland
Poland
the Kingdom of Poland
Poland
the Kingdom of Poland
Generalgouvernement Warschau
the Generalgouvernement Warschau
Central European Confederation
Polish-Czecho-Slovakian
the Central European Confederation
Commonwealth
Commonwealth
the Commonwealth
Slavic National Union
Slavic
the Slavic National Union
August IV
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 29th, 1887, in the Potsdam City Palace, Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn August Wilhelm Heinrich Günther Viktor of Prussia, August IV of the house of Hohenzollern was crowned King of Poland in the silver regalia of August III in 1921. As a Prince in Germany, he was criticised by his father, Kaiser Wilhelm II, for his love of jewellery and for keeping the company of artists in his Potsdam villa. As King of Poland for the last fifteen years, he has attempted to rule well, despite his reign being dogged by allegations of his own effeminate personal mannerisms, as well as by his strained relationship with his wife, neither of which serve him well in a deeply conservative, Catholic country.\n\nOn a political level, he has been compelled to hand more power to the Sejm, becoming a genuine constitutional monarch whose functions are largely ceremonial, and whose prerogative powers are largely wielded by his prime minister. King August's unfortunate fate is seemingly to be disliked by all sides: to the nationalists he is a symbol of intolerable German domination, to the pragmatists he is a necessary evil, and to the Kaiser he is his least favourite son.§!
Aleksander II
Alexander Ferdinand von Hohenzollern
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1912, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Alexander Ferdinand was only eight years old when his family moved to Poland. His youth would be overshadowed by the quite distant and difficult relationship of his parents, and the pressure of expectations: he would have to take up the throne of Poland eventually. Alexander pursued a career in the military, following typical footsteps for a German aristocrat. While he has been educated in Polish culture and language, he remains mediocre in it at best. That does not stop him from being the most popular member of the Polish royal house, and it is widely hoped that he will eventually marry a Polish woman.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1912, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKing Aleksander II, born Alexander Ferdinand was only eight years old when his family moved to Poland. His youth would be overshadowed by the quite distant and difficult relationship of his parents, and the pressure of expectations: he would have to take up the throne of Poland eventually. Alexander pursued a career in the military, following typical footsteps for a German aristocrat. His service in the Polish Air Force won him much fame and admiration from the Polish public, and in many ways the shared war-time troubles have made him way more accepted in Poland than his father ever was. His decision to marry a Slavic noblewoman instead of a German one also helped to convince the Polish public of their king's dedication to Poland, not to Germany. However, Aleksander is untested in politics, and one can only guess how good a peace-time leader he will be.§!
Feliks Kon
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1864, in Kamionek, Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Kazimierz Zakrzewski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1900, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPerhaps the leading visionary among the Polish left, Kazimierz Zakrzewski has come a long way from the Krakówian suburbs, to Paris, and back to Poland again. Born in 1900, young Kazimierz started up an academic career in his father's footsteps. His studies were abruptly cut short when the young idealistic-minded student of Antiquity joined the Polish Legions with high hopes of liberating his country from the Tsarist yoke. Like many other Legionnaires, after the war Zakrzewski was disillusioned by the new Kingdom of Poland, which was regarded as little more than a German puppet regime by many. During this time he became interested in the philosophy of socialist thinkers such as Sorel, Jouhaux and Brzozowski, and joined radical \
Leah Feldman
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1898, in Odessa, Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLeah Feldman is a truly remarkable woman - she has witnessed Russian, French and British revolutions, fought against the Cossacks with Nestor Makhno, and organised Jewish resistance movements in Palestine. Even her birthplace is not known for sure - she claims Warsaw, while her British passport states Odessa. What is known, however, is that she grew up in a poor Polish-Jewish émigre family in London, and became involved with the local anarchist movement early on. In 1918, she sailed for Petrograd to witness the birth of the first truly socialist nation, but was quickly horrified by the brutality of the Bolsheviks, and decided to join with Nestor Makhno's forces instead - fighting against both the Reds and the Whites until the anarchists were defeated and forced to escape.\n\nFeldman ended up in the young French Commune and joined Lew Marek's group of Polish anarcho-syndicalists. During these years she became truly interested in Poland's cause and was one of the most active members of the Polish Revolutionary Committee after Dr. Zakrzewski, whom she disagreed with in nearly everything. Unlike Zakrzewski, Feldman travelled considerably, joining the British Revolution and later toiled in Palestine for the Jewish freedom. \
Jerzy Czeszejko-Sochacki
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1892, in Nieżyn, Chernigov Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJerzy Czeszejko-Sochacki studied in Saint Petersburg and was deeply connected to Russian, Lithuanian and Polish communist movements already during the Great War. After the collapse of the Bolsheviks, his party was forced underground - like most of the Polish far-left - and Czeszejko-Sochacki went to exile in France. There he found new ideological foundation from the teaching of Marcel Cachin and the French councilist approach to the revolution. In Poland, Czeszejko-Sochacki has been somewhat outside the power struggle around Zakrzewski.§!
Zygmunt Zaremba
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1895, in Piotrków, Piotrków Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZygmunt Zaremba joined the Polish Socialist Party at a very young age, for similar reasons as many others - to further the cause of Polish independence, like his family had done a generation before in the January Uprising. Zaremba was an active student organiser and the youngest member elected to the Central Workers' Committee of the PPS. However, he was not a follower of Piłsudski, nor did he see cooperating with the Germans as a way out. Quite to the contrary, he was adamantly against any kind of coalition talks or cooperation with the monarchy in Poland. His belief in uncompromising workers' democracy seems unflinching, and this attitude has sent him to prison multiple times. Since his latest release, he has been operating from Galicia, crafting connections between Polish and Ukrainian socialist independence activists along with his Ukrainian wife, Natalia. Unlike Kazimierz Zakrzewski and the ZZZ's leadership in France, Zaremba never believed that the Polish liberation could come from any other source than Poles - and their brothers in neighbouring countries.§!
Norbert Barlicki
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1880, in Sieciechów, Radom Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNorbert Barlicki rose to national prominence in 1918, when he vehemently opposed the Brest Treaty and read the declaration of free election to the Council of State. For this, he was imprisoned in the Modlin Fortress, and was released only after the war was over. His most radical socialist stances moderated quite a bit afterwards. Instead of the hardline socialist line that many in his party believed in, Barlicki was a man of the united front. Be it idealism or pragmatism, he believed that the best way to help the Polish people was inside the system, through untiring grassroots work to improve people's livelihoods. For this, he fostered close ties with the People's Party, having been affiliated with them already since the PSL's foundation.\n\nThis cooperation finally brought fruit as grand old man of the PSL, Tomasz Nocznicki, became prime minister in the 1930s, with Barlicki a cabinet minister. Many reforms and the widely successful Four-Year Plan were seen as proof that the German-imposed monarchy could serve the common people's interest - and even if the government eventually fell, it gave the current PPS-PSL alliance a very concrete goal.\n\nBarlicki's optimism was unfounded, as after the chaotic 1938 election the Centrolew bloc was swiftly denied forming a government despite their victory. Seeing no other options, Barlicki eventually caved in to the radicals of the bloc, and protests turned into revolution, with the overthrowing of the monarchy and declaration of the republic. In a twist of fate, the only man with faith that the monarchy could have been salvaged, became the republic's first leader. Norbert Barlicki could forge an alliance between the workers and the peasants that overthrew the king, now he needs to keep the front united.§!
Stanisław Wojciechowski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1869, in Kalisz, Kalisz Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Wojciechowski was born to a middle-class family in the suburbs of Kalisz, and like many of his compatriots, started his radicalisation during his studies. He participated in the founding congress of the Polish Socialist Party in Paris in 1892, and was an active trade union organiser, often at odds with the police. The French authorities expelled him, and Wojciechowski made his way back to the Kingdom of Poland, where he threw himself into activism. He worked closely with Józef Piłsudski and the PPS, but also maintained contacts to the National Democrats, as he believed that the entire Polish political establishment is needed for independence.\n\nAfter 1905, Wojciechowski started to become disillusioned with political parties and trade unions, and instead focused on agricultural cooperatives as the basis of Polish liberty, and tried to improve the life in the Polish countryside. These efforts were cut short by the Great War. Wojciechowski evacuated to Russia with the National Committee, and tried yet again to forge an alliance with the National Democrats, with little success. Disappointed, he returned to the Kingdom of Poland in 1918, with his family and focused on the social activities and food relief in the war-torn kingdom. In the 1920s, he joined the PSL and became a university lecturer. In his lectures, he always stressed the importance of economic democratisation as a precursor to political democratisation, and held that as long as the kingdom was dominated by capitalists and great landowners, Poland cannot truly be a democracy. A long-time senator, Minister of Agriculture in the Nocznicki cabinet and chairman of the Society of Cooperatives, Wojciechowski is a respected and experienced politician and social activist. While initially reluctant to accept the presidency, he was convinced by interpartisan support from the Sejm to stand for one term - merely to safeguard the young republic's critical first years, and then to withdraw from politics.§!
Jan Woźnicki
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1881, in Nieszawa, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJan Woźnicki is part of the right wing of the PSL. He became a member of the National Democrats in 1904 as part of the struggle against Russification of the education system. He was imprisoned by the Tsarist authorities in 1906 for using his position as teacher to organise resistance, and soon after left the National Democrats, disappointed in Roman Dmowski's peaceful stance and principle of non-violent resistance.\n\nInstead, Woźnicki joined the Polish Legions and soon after, the PSL. He has served in the Sejm multiple times, primarily focusing on education and anti-corruption programmes. The past two decades have made him respected on both sides of the political spectrum as a reliable centrist.§!
Mieczyslaw Michałowicz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1876, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Stanisław Mikołajczyk
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1901, in Dorsten-Holsterhausen, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Mikołajczyk was born into a family of a miners in Prussian countryside. He never progressed into higher education, but that did not stop Mikołajczyk from joining the Prussian section of the People's Party and from organising rural youth movements against Germanisation policies in the Province of Posen. Organising peasant strikes and protests did not bring him support among German authorities, but he did manage to escape any prison sentences. Working together with the Poznanese National Democrats, Mikołajczyk managed to help many Poles buy land and defend their right of ownership against the German Settlement Commission. After annexation of the Province of Posen to Poland, Mikołajczyk was elected into the national Sejm with strong support from his home region. His experiences from the struggles in the Posen Province have convinced him of the need for broad coalitions in Polish politics, as he sees Germans as a greater threat than the National Democrats.§!
Józef Chaciński
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1889, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJózef Chaciński became involved with the National Democratic youth organisations from an early age, while studying law in Warsaw. After a brief period of imprisonment by the Tsarist authorities, he left the country in 1909 and studied in Switzerland. There he built contacts with the National Democratic movement, and after his return to Poland, joined the Christian-National Party - part of the ChZJN bloc - and became a very visible politician within the bloc, trying to moderate the most radical ideas in the Polish right. Chaciński is a solidarist and believes that both excess liberalism and socialism have failed to increase common people's happiness, but also that the National Democrats should not forget the common peasants.§!
Adam Chądzyński
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1882, in Górki-Grubaki, Siedlce Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdam Chądzyński comes from family of minor landowners, and was initially involved in the National League, but split from them in 1908 over the question of collaboration with the Russians. Chądzyński came to lead the National Worker's Union (NZR), a solidarist and Christian working-class party. The NZR became positioned as a small independent party between MKP and ChZJN, maintaining a small but loyal base. Chądzyński pragmatically supported the Ponikowski governments, but could just as easily side with ChZJN when preferable. This position as an odd centrist between the more right-wing Christian Democrats and the liberal PSL has made Chądzyński much more influential than the mere popularity of his party would suggest.§!
Władysław Grabski
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1874, in Borów, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWładysław Grabski comes from a noble family that made fortunes through sugar beet farming, which secured a good education for Władysław and his siblings, Stanisław and Zofia. Władysław studied agrarian economics, and took over the family estate after his father's death. He believed in the role of the education of the peasantry as a means of strengthening the Polish national identity, and ran an illegal Polish-language school for peasant children. Eventually, he was imprisoned by Tsarist authorities, before becoming a member of the National League, and being elected to the Russian Duma. From there, he focused on improving the quality of life in the Polish countryside, in cooperation with the authorities.\n\nGrabski was imprisoned by the Germans in 1917 after criticising their economic policy in occupied Poland too harshly, but as a silver lining could complete his third volume devoted to the situation of Polish peasantry. Ironically, he went straight from prison to becoming a minister in the Józef Świeżyński's government, thanks to his skill and popularity in Poland. In 1919 he founded the ChZJN with his brother, leading the party to become a major power in the Sejm for over a decade. Even though he stepped aside from leadership positions within the party after the 1920s, he has remained possibly the most popular National Democrat politician in Poland.§!
Wojciech Korfanty
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1873, in Sadzawki, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWojciech Korfanty grew up in Silesia, and from early age took part in the struggle for the Polish language and culture against the Prussian authorities. He was expelled from his secondary school after making negative remarks about Otto von Bismarck, but nonetheless graduated in economics and joined the National League. After a brief imprisonment for agitation and leaving Endecja, Korfanty founded his own Democratic-National Society and was elected to the Reichstag, with even some German support. His deeply held Christian Democratic convictions made him relatively popular among Catholics across the language barrier, and it made him somewhat of a centrist candidate after Upper Silesia's integration into Republic of Poland, as he is Christian Democrat but not adherent of Roman Dmowski.§!
Edward Rydz-Śmigły
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1886, in Brzeżany, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a son of an impoverished family from Eastern Galicia, who lost both of his parents before his tenth birthday, young Edward's life did not seem to offer much. He became a soldier under the pseudonym \
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1886, in Brzeżany, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a son of an impoverished family from Eastern Galicia, who lost both of his parents before his tenth birthday, young Edward's life did not seem to offer much. His foster family was wealthy enough to offer Rydz, a promising painter and artist, a chance to get an education. In the Jagiellonian University Rydz joined the Union of Active Combat and Riflemen's Association and became an adherent of Józef Piłsudski. Adopting the pseudonym \
Roman Dmowski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1865, in Kamionek, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Adam Doboszyński
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1904, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdam Doboszyński was born into a family of landed gentry in Kraków. His father was a lawyer and a liberal politician. At first, it did not seem obvious that he would become one of the most prolific Polish far-right theorists - his youth was relatively normal, and he was only a child during the Great War. After his father's death in 1929, Adam took over the family estate near Kraków. During this time, he started writing.\n\nThe Creditanstalt Crisis in 1931 shook the whole Austro-Hungarian realm dramatically, and inspired Doboszyński to associate with the National Democrat movement in both Poland and Galicia, becoming increasingly dissatisfied with the state of both Polands. Doboszyński travelled widely and became greatly inspired by theorists of distributism, such as Gilbert Chesterton, and the larger movement of Catholic social teachings. Doboszyński became a political theorist in his own right, and started to merge Polish nationalism with the social science of the Catholic Church. Using the relatively liberal publishing laws of Galicia to become a prolific author, his texts were distributed widely on both sides of the border. Doboszyński criticised both capitalism and socialism as structures that crush the human spirit, and called for a spiritual awakening of the Poles. Many say that he correctly predicted the German economic crash of 1936.\n\nBy 1936, Doboszyński had become a National Democrat organiser and speaker, touring the Polish countryside and agitating against the foreign monarchs ruling over Poles, against the Freemasons and Jews who controlled the Polish society, against the socialists and liberals who did not understand the good of Poland. Despite multiple close calls with the police and periods of underground activity, Doboszyński's fame only grew, and reached its pinnacle when he led a raid into Myślenice and stuck against the town's Jewish population with his militia. After a minimal time in prison, he fled to Russia, to the National League's exiled leadership, and became the leader of the National Democrat movement after Dmowski's death.\n\nIn power, Doboszyński is finally in a position to put his theories into practice. In his vision, the ideal society is that of the pre-Enlightenment era, where industrialisation had not yet released man's greed and lust, and where a strong family unit and the Church provided meaningful and moral social surroundings for people. It is his belief that with tireless work, this bygone golden age of humanity can be brought back.§!
Wolfgang von Kries
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1868, in Schmentau, Province of Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in rural Pomerania to a Thuringian family, von Kries aimed for an administrative career. He served in the army, as was expected from a Prussian nobleman, and was appointed into the administration of the Generalgouvernement Warschau during the Weltkrieg. He proved to be a natural-born organiser, with an eye for detail and great ability to learn everything there was to know about his new duties. These qualities secured him promotions, and by the end of the war he was the Governor-General of Poland. With this role he saw through many economic reforms in Poland, such as the creation of the Polish Mark. After the coronation of August IV, von Kries, who knew the Polish situation possibly better than any other German, was kept as the king's right-hand man and eventually stationed to Poland permanently as a military attaché and head of the German military mission in Poland.§!
Eustachy Sapieha
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1881, in Biłka Szlachecka, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEustachy Sapieha comes from an old princely family of szlachta, rich and well-known. His political career began in 1916, when he became a relief organiser in Warsaw and an associate of Józef Piłsudski. He became one of the earliest diplomats in the service of the Kingdom of Poland, and was sent to Switzerland to negotiate with the Polish National Committee. Despite Roman Dmowski not being willing to cooperate, many centrist National Democrats joined the Interpartisan Circle from Sapieha's encouragement. Eustachy Sapieha would serve as the Polish ambassador in Austria in the 1920s and became part of King August IV's inner circle. Politically, he is seen as a liberal-conservative centrist and is known as an opportunist politician and tenacious negotiator.§!
Antoni Ponikowski
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1878, in Siedlce, Siedlce Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntoni Ponikowski has become something of the king's trusted man. Initially a member of the National Democrats and later the Christian Democrats, Ponikowski was among the Polish intellectuals during the Great War who turned towards building the Kingdom of Poland, rather than continue Roman Dmowski's hopeless war. Ponikowski became one of the leading figures of the Interpartisan Political Circle, formed out of the conservatives and moderate liberals who supported the Regency.\n\nPonikowski has served multiple times as the prime minister. During his terms, Ponikowski has sought to walk the narrow middle path, cooperating both with moderate liberals and Christian Democrats. Ponikowski has been largely untainted by political scandals and is a commonly a patron for Polish composers. At the latter stages of his political career, his retirement had already been planned, but the immensely close 1934 election could not allow anyone else to form a cabinet.§!
Aleksy Ćwiakowski
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1895, in Sygontka, Piotrków Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAleksy Ćwiakowski was born into a peasant family near Częstochowa and studied law in the Jagiellonian University. He was briefly active in the Polish Military Organisation, but abandoned activism quickly and joined the PSL. Disappointed in the party's anti-monarchist stance, he founded his own party, the Progressive Peasant Union, which eventually merged into the MKP in 1934.\n\nĆwiakowski came to represent the young wing of the monarchists, and focused his efforts in winning over the peasantry with policies competing with the PSL's ones. As a surprise decision from the king, Ćwiakowski was appointed as the prime minister after the 1938 election as someone new and a visionary who could reform the monarchy into something with lasting popular support.§!
Władysław Studnicki
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1867, in Dyneburg, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWładysław Studnicki was a socialist radical in his youth, and was sent to Siberia for eight years. After his exile, he moved to Vienna and shifted rightwards in his political beliefs. However, he did not embrace National Democrat passivism - rather, he argued that an independent Poland could only be achieved through an alliance with the Central Powers and the dismemberment of Russia. He briefly flirted with the idea of an Austro-Polish union, but after the Dual Monarchy's failures in the Great War, Studnicki became convinced of a pro-German orientation being the only sensible option.\n\nHis rise to national prominence started in 1916, when he was deeply involved in founding the Kingdom of Poland, and was among the chief negotiators for the treaty that secured Chełm for Poland. His political organisation, The Polish Statehood Party, grew into a large part of the MKP with support from Polish Germans, industrialists and other pro-German conservatives. In Studnicki's beliefs, democracy has no special value compared to the continuing statehood of Poland - which should ultimately be the only thing that matters.§!
Stanisław Dubois
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1901, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Dubois is the great-grandson of an officer of the Napoleonic army, and the son of a lawyer. His political awakening came in 1918, when Norbert Barlicki held a speech demanding free elections in the Kingdom of Poland and condemning the Treaty of Brest. Already a radical student, in Barlicki's tutorship Dubois adopted radically socialist views - though unlike his mentor, Dubois hardly moderated with age. He became an organiser and activist in the PPS, and was appointed as an editor of Poland's most popular political magazine, the Robotnik, in the late 1920s. During his editorship, the Robotnik was often censored for its uncompromising critique towards the monarchy's elites.\n\nWhile his mentor Barlicki became the leader of the party's moderates, Dubois radicalised in the other direction, continuously pushing for a more uncompromising stance, building contacts with the far-left and radical republicans. During the 1938 revolution, Dubois was the leading figure in organising the general strike, and became de-facto leader of the uprising in Warsaw. Now appointed as prime minister, Dubois is finally in a position to ensure that Poland never again slips into authoritarianism.§!
Maksymilian Malinowski
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1860, in Ciechocin, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaksymilian Malinowski was born in the German partition, and as a teacher became involved in the Polish struggle against Germanisation policies. He became a publisher of peasant activist papers and eventually moved to Warsaw after he was no longer welcome in Prussia. There he joined the National League in 1900, though he was quickly disappointed in the passivist stance of Roman Dmowski.\n\nMalinowski started to sketch an ideology of his own, in his magazine \
Bogusław Miedziński
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1891, in Miastków Kościelny, Siedlce Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBogusław Miedziński became involved with the PPS Combat Organisation already when he was 15 years old, and dedicated his early years to the Polish Legions. As an able organiser, Miedziński became adjutant and second-in-command to Edward Rydz-Śmigły in the Polish Military Organisation. It was during these years when he developed unflinching loyalty towards Rydz, and became part of his small group of trusted companions. After the ceasefire, the men stayed in contact, even if they were forced to the side-lines of the political life in the kingdom. Miedziński was elected to the Sejm from the PSL's list, and quickly gained the reputation of a political opportunist and backstabber, and an opponent to the monarchy, loyal only to other ex-Legionaries. He envisioned the ideal Republic of Poland to be guided by the military, likening it to the rule of the Shogun in medieval Japan - and this military leader would naturally be Rydz-Śmigły.§!
Tadeusz Bielecki
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1901, in Słupia, Kielce Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA young teacher disillusioned with the monarchy, Tadeusz Bielecki became a National Democrat activist in the 1920s, and organised school strikes against Jews in Polish universities. He proved a charismatic leader and gathered many of the \
Paweł Lew Marek
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1901, in Radymno, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaweł Marek was a Galician Jew initially active in Lwów, where he tried to forge cooperation between Polish, Jewish and Ukrainian anarcho-syndicalists. After having multiple clashes with the authorities, he emigrated to France, where he joined the National Revolutionary Committee of Polish socialist exiles. In 1931, he was sent to Poland to coordinate syndicalist activities there, and under his leadership the Anarchist Federation of Poland grew into a formidable organisation, inspired by the dream of democratic syndicalism and a Poland free of ethnic persecution and political oppression.§!
Stanisław Bukowiecki
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1867, in Włonice, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Bukowiecki, the grand old man of Polish syndicalism, was acquainted with Kazimierz Zakrzewski from the Polish Youth Union \
Maurycy Klemens Zamoyski
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1871, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCount Maurycy Zamoyski comes from a wealthy aristocratic family with significant estates in both Galicia and Poland proper. Zamoyski had already joined the National League by 1905, and became a proponent of cooperation between the Slavic brothers of Poland and Russia. Despite his pro-Entente sympathies, and even his role as the vice-president of the Polish National Committee in 1918, he returned to Poland in 1919 and was elected to the Senate in the first elections. Zamoyski, possibly the richest man in Poland, maintained a cautious stance towards the monarchy and was among the top patrons of ChZJN. However, he has preferred to appear as a moderate in politics, and not tie himself too tightly into any single political party.§!
Stanisław Downarowicz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1874, in Łochów, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Downarowicz was a strangely centrist independence activist. Despite his initial cooperation with the PPS, which led to his imprisonment by Tsarist authorities, he acted as a Rifle Team organiser without following either Piłsudski or Dmowski. During this time he was in exile in Galicia, building many contacts in Lwów, until he could return to the Kingdom. He joined the Polish Progressive Party in 1910, which would later become one of the core parties inside the MKP, and has kept to a moderate liberal political path ever since. Downarowicz is among the most visible faces among MKP's progressives, who seek to liberalise the kingdom, rather than go ever-deeper into authoritarianism.§!
Janusz Radziwiłł
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1880, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Janusz Radziwiłł, often titled the man behind the king, is a wealthy aristocrat and magnate, whose palace in Warsaw has become the unofficial meeting place of the Polish landowning and corporate elite. He has been a supporter of the monarchy from its very first days, and was the Regency Council's ambassador to the negotiations concerning the appointment of the Polish king. Some say that he should have insisted on an Austrian monarch; others applaud him for his negotiation skills that secured Chełm for Poland. Ever since, he has been in the heart of August IV's circle of advisors, carefully balancing between supporting the king, and acting as an independent-minded conservative, able to draw allies from across all political parties.§!
Sejm
August Hlond
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1881, in Brzenskowitz, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wiesław Gerlicz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1872, in Abramów, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Andrzej Wierzbicki
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1877, in Chava, Tambov Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Marian Dąbrowski
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1878, in Mielec, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Michał Kalecki
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1899, in Łódź, Piotrków Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Cezaria Jędrzejewiczowa
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1885, in Dorpat, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Wanda Wasilewska
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1905, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Henryk Ehrlich
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1882, in Lublin, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Stanisława Paleolog
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1892, in Rumno, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Tadeusz Kossakowski
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1888, in Kishinev, Bessarabia Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Tadeusz Schaetzel
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1891, in Brzeżany, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Józef Zając
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1891, in Rzeszów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludomił Rayski
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1892, in Czasław, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Edmund Knoll-Kownacki
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1891, in Pomiechówek, Płock Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Stefan Rowecki
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1895, in Piotrków, Piotrków Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Ludwik Skrzyński
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1893, in Odessa, Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mieczysław Smorawiński
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Kalisz, Kalisz Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Stefan Adolf Mossor
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1896, in Kraków, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Mieczysław Rawicz-Mysłowski
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1896, in Nowy Dwór, Kherson Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Wiktor Thommée
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1881, in Sventiany, Vilna Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mieczysław Dąbkowski
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1880, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Edward Szystowski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1896, in Vindava, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Witold Urbanowicz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1908, in Olszanka, Suwałki Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Janusz de Beaurain
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Xawery Czernicki
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1882, in Giedejki, Oshmyanskiy District, Vilna Governorate§!
Janusz Groszkowski
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1898, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Ludwik Hirszfeld
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1884, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Zygmunt Puławski
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1901, in Lublin, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!
Stanisław Karłowski
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1879, in Grąbków, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Konstanty Rokossowski
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1896, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a mixed Polish-Russian family, Konstanty Rokossowski hails from the noble Rokossowski family, even though his father, a railway officer, was as removed from traditional nobility as one could get. Rokossowski had a difficult childhood: he lost his father early in his life and he had to abandon school in order to make a living for the rest of his family. He caught up by reading books in Russian and Polish in his spare time, only to fuel his life-long conflict on whether he was Russian, Polish, or something in between.\n\nIn 1914, alongside his cousin Franz, the 18-year old Konstanty signed up for the retreating Russian armies and became a cavalryman, serving with distinction and achieving the rank of non-commissioned officer. They had to part ways when the October Revolution broke out however - Franz joined the Polish Military Organisation, and Konstanty was one of the first to volunteer for the Red Army. There, he quickly rose in rank as a capable cavalry commander but he could not turn the tide - the Soviet regime collapsed and fell, and Rokossowski was forced to flee.\n\nAfter years of soul-searching across Europe, he ended up in France, where he came into contact with the Polish socialists in exile and enrolled in the French army officer corps. Though he maintains contact with the other former Bolsheviks, Rokossowski has grown distant from the Russian revolutionary cause and thus did not follow them to Argentina - his eyes turn towards Poland instead. Perhaps there, in his other homeland, he can find purpose.§!
Kazimierz Sosnkowski
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1885, in Warsaw, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKazimierz Sosnkowski, descended from poor nobility on his mother's side, was a passionate composer and interested in architecture in his youth. His academic career was cut short by the revolutionary mood in Poland, which prompted him to join the Polish Socialist Party and their struggle against the Tsarist officials, because he saw it as the only organisation that was willing to truly fight for an independent Poland. He was forced to move to Kraków to avoid the Russian police, and there he met Józef Piłsudski, a man he would idolise like so many other to-be-Legionnaires. He continued the fight in the PPS Combat Organisation and was a co-founder of the Riflemen's Association, finishing his studies of architecture in the meantime.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, Sosnkowski became Piłsudski's right-hand-man and proved to be a brilliant and cool-headed field commander. He was arrested alongside Piłsudski and Slawek during the Oath Crisis and spent the remainder of the war in prison. During his imprisonment he played over 500 games of chess with Piłsudski, developing a passion for the game. After the war he abandoned his political activism for some time, focusing on music instead.\n\nSosnkowski was allowed to return to the army in the late 1920s, but was kept to the sidelines due to his close friendship with Piłsudski. Too skilled to be kept in menial duties for long, eventually he served in multiple military delegations and other organisational duties, speaking fluent German, French, English, Italian, Russian and Greek.§!\n\n§YNotes: Suspected to harbour sympathies for the republicans, but is officially apolitical.§!
Józef Haller
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1873, in Jurczyce, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJózef Haller von Hallenburg was born into a minor szlachta family near Kraków. Both his father and grandfather took part in the failed Polish uprisings, and he was raised in deeply patriotic and Catholic surroundings. Young von Hallenburg received a top-quality education, going through Lemberg, Hungary and Moravia before attending the Artillery School in Vienna. He served 15 years in the Austro-Hungarian army, but resigned in 1910 because \
Stanisław Sosabowski
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1892, in Stanisławów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Sosabowski was born to a poor working-class family in Stanisławów. During his meagre studies he became involved with activist, pioneering, and scouting organisations, before being drafted into the Austro-Hungarian army in 1913. His baptism of fire was in the great Przemyśl fortress. Sosabowski took part in mountain fighting in Slovakia and was grievously wounded multiple times, receiving all medals available for non-commissioned officers before the end of the war.\n\nAt his own request, Sosabowski was transferred to Lublin and took part in organising the Army of the Kingdom of Poland after being promoted to lieutenant. He continued his studies in the Warsaw Military Academy after the war, and focused on the training of the Polish special forces and later on even took part in German Fallschmirjäger exercises, planning to implement the usage of paratroopers into the Polish special service.§!
Adam Koc
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1891, in Suwałki, Suwałki Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdam Koc was born into an aristocratic family from Podlasie. His career in independence activism began during the 1905 revolution as he took part in a school strike - an action that led to Koc being expelled from his school. He joined the National Workers' Union, a pro-Endecja party, and radicalised further during his studies in Kraków. Even though he considered Władysław Studnicki his mentor, Koc nonetheless joined the Union of Active Struggle despite its socialist leanings. He met Józef Piłsudski and the other famous Legionnaires and eventually became Slawek's deputy in the Polish Military Organisation, organising partisan actions behind the lines in the Russian part of Poland.\n\nAs the war continued, Koc wanted desperately to get to the frontline. As it was impossible to cross no-mans-land, he travelled illegally through Finland, and after multiple unexpected problems he made his way to Piłsudski's headquarters and officially joined the Legion. He ended up participating in the occupation of Lublin, but after getting caught for taking part in nationalist agitation among the Lublin Poles, he was sent to the frontline despite his bad eyesight. There, he was badly wounded, but kept organising support for Piłsudski in hospital, and later, in imprisonment.\n\nAfter his release in 1919, Koc befriended Edward Rydz-Śmigły during their brief exile in Galicia before being allowed to return to their homeland. He was elected to the Sejm as a nonpartisan delegate, though he supported the Christian-Democratic Party in many of their initiatives. Also active in many veterans' organisations, Koc became an important figure among the Polish right-wing, often being seen as Rydz-Śmigły's right-hand man.§!\n\n§YNotes: Associate of Edward Rydz-Śmigły.§!
Leon Berbecki
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1874, in Lublin, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe \
Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1867, in Garbów, Lublin Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJózef Dowbor-Muśnicki's roots can be traced to a Calvinist Lithuanian family who settled Sandomierz in the 17th century. He served thirty years in the Russian Army, seeing action in the Far East and in the Great War. By 1917 he was a Lieutenant General and appointed as the commander-in-chief of the Polish forces in Russia, with the goal of organising the Polish soldiers into their own national units. The Polish Corps in Russia had roughly 64,000 men at their command, making Dowbor-Muśnicki an important warlord in the constantly shifting Russian political situation, where initially the Poles cooperated with Aleksandr Kerensky's government, since it had promised autonomy for Russian minorities.\n\nWhen the October Revolution brought the Bolsheviks to power, Dowbor-Muśnicki tried to tread the path of neutrality, but was thrown into the White side after the Poles resisted all attempts to disarm them. His corps took control of the city of Bobruisk in White Ruthenia, and held against the Bolsheviks until the Brest-Litovsk Treaty was signed and the Bolsheviks retreated from the western governorates. The German army surrounded Bobruisk, and a standoff ensued. Many of Dowbor-Muśnicki's officers sought to fight the Germans to the last, and tried to pull off an unsuccessful coup against the esteemed general. After their failure, Dowbor-Muśnicki surrendered, and was transferred to the newly-established Kingdom of Poland as a prisoner of war alongside his army.\n\nAfter the war, Dowbor-Muśnicki entered the service of the new Polish Army, and became one of its most experienced generals. He has done much to ensure the army's apolitical nature - both by keeping the radicals from promotions, but also by turning a blind eye to old events. In Dowbor-Muśnicki's words, he is a nationalist and only a nationalist, believing that the military men should not hold political opinions. This attitude has made him seem very supportive towards the status quo of the German-backed monarchy, and his enemies in the political extremes like to paint Dowbor-Muśnicki as a coward who has only served foreign masters all his life. His supporters - especially \
Zbigniew Antonowicz
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1894, in Kalisz, Kalisz Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZbigniew Antonowicz's military career began in 1915, when he volunteered for the Puławy Legion, which was created as a Russian counterpart to the Polish Legions fighting with the Central Powers. Antonowicz lost an eye when the Legion was covering the Russian retreat over the Nurcem River. Despite his wounds, he managed to bring reinforcement orders to his unit HQ. After a year of recovering, he continued the war regardless. The Legion was later disbanded, and in 1917 he joined Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki's 1st Polish Corps. Alongside the unit, he was eventually integrated into the Polish Army. As an able engineer, Antonowicz's military career has been mostly focused on fortification works.§!
Mikołaj Bołtuć
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1893, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMikołaj Bołtuć graduated from the Pavlovsk Infantry School in 1914 and was sent straight into the firing line. He fought on the Baltic Front and in 1917 as part of the Polish Legion in the Finnish Civil War, which fought against the Finnish Reds mostly on the Karelian Front. After the collapse of the Tsarist regime, Bołtuć joined the 3rd Polish Corps in Russia, mostly operating in Ukraine. In June 1918 the unit capitulated to Austrian forces, and among others Bołtuć was sent to Poland after agreeing to serve in the new royal army. Bołtuć is seen as a dependable and careful leader, and is a personally firm believer of an apolitical and nonreligious military.§!
Władysław Anders
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1892, in Błonie, Warsaw Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWładysław Anders is from an old Reformed Livonian German family. He entered the Russian army in 1910 as a volunteer and sought to serve in the dragoons, being an ardent lover of horse riding. He fought on the Romanian Front, and was wounded multiple time during the Weltkrieg. After the collapse of the Russian Army, Anders joined Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki's 1st Polish Corps in Russia and fought alongside them until the corps surrendered to the Germans at Bobruisk and was eventually integrated into the Polish Army. Like Dowbor-Muśnicki, Anders is staunchly apolitical.\n\nAnders is quite a famous equestrian, and is also an active member of the Military Automobile and Motorcycle Club. To him, cavalry is a rapid weapon, and at a time where cavalry is losing their ability compared to modern weapons, something else must take their place as a rapid, mobile force capable of flanking manoeuvres. This mindset, and his brilliant combat record, brought him the command of the first Polish Armoured Division, formed as part of Heinz Guderian's reforms.§!
Henryk Dobrzanski
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1897, in Jasło, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenryk Dobrzański was barely 18 when he abandoned his studies, lied about his age and joined the Polish Legions, where he was a reckless cavalryman and earned a rapid promotion. During the Oath Crisis, he was in the minority of the Legionaries who accepted to swear allegiance to the Kaiser. He proved his loyalty yet again in Rarańcza, where his superior, Józef Haller, ordered the unit to turn against their Austrian allies and escape to the Russian side. Dobrzański and men close to him did not obey, and were imprisoned in a Hungarian prison camp for the mutiny of their comrades. After the war, he returned to the Polish service, and showed a good understanding of manoeuvre warfare and hit-and-run tactics. In civilian life he is a famous horse rider, who has brought Poland international fame in winning numerous prestigious races and competitions.§!
Juliusz Rómmel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1881, in Grodno, Grodno Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuliusz Rómmel comes from the old, polonised Baltic German family of von Rummel. He followed his family's military tradition and joined the Russian Army, rising rapidly through the ranks during the Russo-Japanese War and on the Austrian Front in the Great War. He led 3rd Polish Corps in Kyïv in 1917, when he surrendered with his men to the Austrian Army, and was swiftly integrated into the new Polish Army. In the last war, he was proved especially skilled in manoeuvre warfare on the wide plains of Ukraine, utilising cavalry and light artillery effectively - though his opponents often paint him as the very example of anachronism who still believes in the strategies of 1917 to fight his wars.§!
Wacław Stachiewicz
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1894, in Lwów, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWacław Stachiewicz was always more loyal to Edward Rydz-Śmigły than to Józef Piłsudski, having acted as Rydz's close associate already in the Polish Legions. Stachiewicz is an intelligent and well-educated soldier with deep interests in military topology and cartography. As an able officer, he was accepted to the newly-founded Polish army and has primarily been in organisational roles, though his career advance has been slow, as it's been hampered by his close association with nationalist circles.§!\n\n§YNotes: Associate of Edward Rydz-Śmigły.§!
Stanisław Magnuszewski
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1888, in Dyneburg, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStanisław Magnuszewski was born in Latvia and from an early age aimed for a military career, graduating from the Alexeyev Military School in Moscow as part of the military engineering corps. Magnuszewski was primarily an organiser and an engineer, rather than a very bold soldier. He rose steadily and eventually served under General Józef Dowbor Muśnicki's corps, and was involved in the dramatic capture of Bobruisk fortress by the Polish Corps. Like the entire unit, he was demobilised and integrated into the Polnische Wehrmacht. During peacetime, he has served as a military teacher.§!
Antoni Szylling
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1884, in Płoniawy, Łomża Governorate, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntoni Szylling was forced into a military career after multiple clashes with Tsarist authorities threatened prolonged imprisonment. He was a member of a secret socialist combat organisation, owned numerous illegal weapons, and after a brief arrest, he was drafted into Russian army in lieu of continuing his sentence. Despite this rocky start, he proved to be a decent officer, and was a Major by the time Russia exited the war. After being taken prisoner, Szylling agreed to serve in the new Polish army. He is best described as a cautious, bland tactician, who avoids risks and fulfils orders to the word. Such attitude has served him well in the army, leading to several promotions.§!
Bolesław Wieniawa-Długoszowski
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1881, in Maksymówka, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBolesław Wieniawa-Długoszowski is a colourful officer. Doctor, poet, a man whose two passions are women and horses. In his youth, the young scion of the prestigious Wieniawa family would rather associating with the bohemian art scene, than focusing on his studies. His serial relationships and conversion to Protestantism already made him quite infamous in the high echelons of Polish society. In contrast, his military career began similarly to many others'. He joined the Riflemen's Association and followed Józef Piłsudski through the trenches of Eastern Europe as his personal adjutant, where he was decorated with the highest awards for bravery for his daring cavalry operations.\n\nWieniawa-Długoszowski spent some time imprisoned alongside Piłsudski, but was allowed to continue serving in the newly-established Polish Army. He was passionate about cavalry warfare, and acted as trainer and inspector whenever he was not posted abroad as military attaché, or in some kind of trouble - such as being sentenced to five days in prison for duelling. Art remained his true passion, and he arguably spent more time translating literature into Polish, and writing his own works, than he spent in military exercises.§!
Józef Unrug
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1884, in Brandenburg an der Havel, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Joseph von Unruh, Unrug was raised as part of the wealthy Prussian aristocracy with a long military tradition. He graduated from the naval college in 1907 and commanded a U-boat in the Weltkrieg. Von Unruh was already before the war disenchanted with modern Germany, and developed a strange form of polonophilia, believing that the Poles had the romanticism and the passion that was lacking in Germany. This was supported by him being partially of Polish descent from his father's side. He disagreed with Germany's new Mahanist doctrine of a blue water navy. As a romanticist disappointed with the Kaiserliche Marine, he was mostly kept in training duties in the Baltic. After the war, he has served in Germany's Baltic Fleet before the tumultuous events of the Second Weltkrieg and the re-establishment of the Polish navy after two centuries. Now Józef Unrug, the admiral has been able to combine two of his passions: sailing and Polish culture.§!
Jerzy Świrski
Jerzy Dąbrowski
Marian Rejewski
Krystyna Skarbek
COP
AVA
FB Radom
Perkun
Zakłady Przemysłowe Stowarzyszenia Mechaników Polskich
CWS
PZInż
PKP
Fablok
PZL
PWS
LWS
RWD
Stocznia Gdańska
HSW SA
Cruiser Tanks
Multi-Role Tank Designer
Polish Socialist Party
The National Union
Centrolew
The Interpartisan Circle
Effeminate King
§LThe King is noted for his flamboyant jewellery and for keeping the company of artists rather than officers. It does not make him hugely popular with the Poles, but it makes him even less popular with his father, the Kaiser.§!
The Geheimrat
§LThe King prefers to delegate many matters of state to his royal advisors in the Privy Council. They are often picked to act as experts of the subjects the King has not much interest in, such as military matters.§!
The Geheimrat
§LThe King is known to delegate much power to his prominently German council of officers, industrialists and landowners, putting their interests first and foremost.§!
The Geheimrat
§LThe King's Privy Council is predominantly composed of Austrophile industrialists and magnates, who speak in favour of deeper economic connections to Galicia and the Dual Monarchy.§!
The Geheimrat
§LThe King has surrounded himself with predominantly Polish nobility to advise him in the matters of state, who use their political connections to assist the King.§!
Patron of the Painters
Figurehead Hohenzollern
King of the Elite
Eternal General-Governor
Honorary Pole
Cult of the Great Man
Marshal of the Nation
Naczelny Wódz
The Kaiser-Maker
The Last Hohenzollern
Man of the United Front
Revolutionary Nationalist
Lifelong Agitator
'Makhnovist Grandma'
Compromising Councilist
Opportunistic Negotiator
People's Army Theorist
Polish Exile
§LA member of the Polish socialist underground, forced to flee Poland for their safety and currently serving the Internationale in the hopes of seeing a socialist Poland arise.§!
Poland Focus Tree
The Emergency Session
In a Speech to the Sejm, the King has put pressure on its members to resolve the crisis quickly, lest he make good on his threat to use his significant powers to resolve the issues plaguing the nation as he sees fit. The Sejm will begin working to pull Poland out from the crisis, while in the background the King will begin deciding whether he feels the parliament can really be trusted to do what he asks of them.
Strengthen the Interpartisan Circle
Compromising with Polish liberals through concessions may be an unpopular choice to some in court, but it is a far better option for maintaining popularity and long-term stability going forward. Through reinforcing the influence of the moderate \
Empower Provincial Assemblies
Poland has long had a system of regional assemblies, known as Sejmiki, which have survived throughout the nation's long and turbulent history. The power of the Sejmiki fluctuated depending on the strength of the central government, and their competencies can often vary between regions. By empowering these assemblies, we can help our citizens feel engaged in local decision making, being more inclined to take their grievances through moderate institutional means.
Concessions to the Unions
The crash resulting from Black Monday has shown that there are flaws in our economy: the insecurity and misery brought about by economic decline has led to many seeing these flaws as an indictment of traditional politics, leading them to be seduced by the siren's song from Paris. While we may disagree with syndicalists in almost every way, making minor reforms on policy areas such as workers' rights and welfare would go a long way in keeping the average worker on our side.
Form the Königstreue
King August has always surrounded himself with a significant number of advisors, many of whom represent the interests of German business and social leaders. These figures have long been pushing to have their place at the King's ear institutionalised, to protect their position going forward. While this decision will not be popular among Poles left on the outside, they have promised certain kickbacks in return for support from the Palace which is desperately needed in these times.
Work with the Elites
Now that the position of the King's closest advisors has been entrenched, they have begun to make further \
Royal Tours
An unfortunate side effect of the King choosing to elevate many Germans into an entrenched position of power, is a growing feeling among the populace that the monarchy is far more concerned with representing German interests than Polish ones. In a bid to assuage these sentiments, the King's staff have drawn up a significant list of itineraries of tours and details of patronages which will serve to win the Palace a lot of goodwill with the average citizen.
Direction of the Privy Council
Now that the King has begun shaping the makeup of his inner circle, attention has begun to focus itself on the Privy Council. This body, composed of a mixture of German and Polish members, has an extremely close relationship with the King and plays a big part in fostering the ties between the Palace and different groups. The King will have to carefully decide who he wishes to appoint to his council, as it will be difficult to balance the demands of the Germans and Poles.
Foster Polish-German Ties
While the King's efforts to win the support of powerful German interests have begun to pay some dividends, many of his advisors are now calling for him to deepen the ties even further, firmly placing the Polish nation into the German fold. They are certain that they can convince their contacts in Berlin to make significant investments in the nation's economy, provided the King makes it clear he is a firm friend of Berlin.
Guarantee the Holdings of Landowners
While making some compromises with leftist groups has spooked many wealthy individuals in the nation, the King wishes to make it clear that such steps in no way mean that there are any plans afoot to dismantle large rural interests. The Palace plans to do this by creating legal safeguards against what they call \
Address the Land Issue
While almost no one in the government wishes to see the kind of land robbery the Centrolew is speaking of, there's much to improve in our current situation. There are many estates which are ran very inefficiently, and also many which are too small to be truly productive. By rationalising land usage we should be able to improve the productiveness of Polish agriculture.
A Weapon against the Underground
There has always been suspicion that shadowy organisations wield a significant amount of power within the nation, but the exact scale of this has always been a mystery. It is because of this that we have embarked on the expansion of our domestic intelligence services in order to finally root out the underground schemers.
Rein in the Sejm
While some form of communication between the people and the King can be good, the Sejm has enjoyed far too much power to do as it wishes. There are many within the King's inner circle who rail against the body, questioning what many of the representatives' true intentions are. While there are a number of ways they propose to remove this alleged infestation of traitorous elements, this move will represent a radical shift in the balance between the Palace and Sejm.
Safeguard Liberties
While there are many differing political opinions we may find dangerous or harmful, to attack or try to silence them would likely only lead to far greater backlash. It is because of this that more moderate members of the King's inner circle are calling for enshrining fundamental rights to speech and other freedoms in the Kingdom, so that while these dangerous voices may shout, few will have any reason to listen.
Drop the Gold Standard
The Gold Standard has long been part of conventional economic thought with many comforted by the stability seemingly offered by gold backing. For many pro-German interests, it also tied our economy firmly to gold-backed Mitteleuropa. With the crash from Black Monday, the dependence on gold has left our economy unresponsive. In a bid to escape this trap, many within the government are now calling to abandon gold backing and switch to a fully fiat currency.
Float the Złoty
By taking our currency off the Gold Standard, we had to be careful in order to not cause a total currency collapse. Now that some time has been allowed to pass, we can properly reintroduce the Złoty in its new floating form. While this will likely lead to more fluctuating prices, it should hopefully grant us greater means to work our way out of the crisis, while also winning us some support for having a more independent currency from Berlin.
Loans from Foreign Banks
While the crash has made many reluctant to trust the large German and Austrian financial institutions, which they blame for causing the crash, the fact is that these organisations still possess significant capital which can be used to pull us out of the crash. While this move will preserve the status quo of tying us to Berlin and Vienna, it will make it far easier to pull our economy out of this crisis.
Nationalise the Bank of Poland
In the eyes of many, this crash has shown the perils of tying our economy to great powers which will always put their interests above ours. Because of this, many want us to begin pursuing a more independent fiscal policy, something which they believe will help keep us insulated from future instability. This move will not come without consequences however, as it will be a lot harder to raise capital without the vast reserves of Berlin and Vienna.
Pave the Country Roads
The crash has resulted in there being many individuals who are incapable of finding work, which has created a negative feedback loop where they are then unable to spend money, resulting in those who rely on their custom also going under. In a bid to break this cycle, many have proposed getting our unemployed to work in vast public works performing construction, which will have the side benefit of also improving our infrastructure in previously ignored areas.
The Cooperative Movement
Peasant cooperatives have long been a way for poorer rural populations to improve their lot. The combination of providing security and a form of social participation for the rural population have made them a very useful institution to encourage. It is because of this that many are proposing we encourage the creation of new cooperatives which would go a long way to make our food producers secure from market fluctuations.
Marketplace of Mitteleuropa
The trade opportunities present in Poland, thanks to our position between Germany and Austria, should not be so easily discounted. While there are many who propose trying to pull our nation out of the crash by trying to stimulate a domestic economy, the reality is that encouraging a strong export market is a far more proven way to bring cash flowing into our nation. We will begin fostering export markets over domestic ones in order to bring about such conditions.
The Statist Approach
Many would rather sell out our economy to foreign interests in a misguided attempt to bring in more money, ignoring the fundamental issues with placing our fiscal stability at the hands of other nations. If we wish to actually recover from the crash, we must stimulate the economy for our citizens. By encouraging domestic spending and trade, we can restart the fundamentals of our economy, rather than rely on some vague hope of recovery trickling in from Berlin.
The Second Four-Year Plan
While the first four-year plan may not have been a perfect economic policy, the positive effects of the plan are undeniable. Facing another period of industrial and economic decline, many within the government wish to embark on a second plan, hoping to recapture some of the magic of the first. This will set lofty industrial targets for our nation to reach, but should it succeed, it will pave the way for a new prosperous time for Polish industry.
German Investment Plan
Though we may wish to avoid making our economy unnecessarily dependent on foreign capital, the reality is that we will struggle to achieve our industrial targets alone. Therefore, we will begin taking out loans with German banks, with the general aim being that we will be able to easily pay them back through the industrial expansion they will fund.
Rural Literacy Campaigns
Much of our rural population was never able to receive any form of education, and this has gone a long way to entrenching the economic divides and advancement problems in our nation. In a bid to remove the barriers many rural individuals experience due to their lack of education, we will intensify efforts to eliminate rural illiteracy across our nation. While it may prove costly, it is hoped that it will pay off in the long run.
Renovate the University of Warsaw
First established in 1816, the University of Warsaw has had a long tradition of educating the brightest minds in Poland. While this tradition gives it a lot of prestige, a modern centre of education requires far more than status - there are many new fields which require specialised facilities for their exploration, and if we wish to keep our premier educational institution abreast with foreign counterparts, we must invest in its modernisation.
Fuel the Industries
While we have traditionally relied on what's found above the surface for our wealth, many now look eagerly at the potential treasure lying underneath. Not diamonds or gold, but coal. Lots of it. While many of these deposits have been exploited for domestic use, expanding mining operations to a true industrial scale has the potential to transform our nation's economy - providing money not just from the coal itself, but also the many industries that require coal to function.
Expansion of the Electrical Grid
The multitude of benefits from electrification are a matter debated by none. This technology has existed in our cities since the first electric lighting was installed in Warsaw in 1880. While the sector has enjoyed steady growth since then, there are still many in our nation who do not enjoy the benefits of electricity. As part of the modernisation of the economy, many are calling for a focused expansion of electricity across our nation, so that no town will be left in the darkness.
Modernise Urban Infrastructure
Many of our cities are old, and their infrastructure reflects this. A combination of age and underfunding has made our cities seem archaic, with many public services and housing either at their limits or crumbling. A series of ambitious plans have been drafted to completely revitalise Poland's urban areas and their services.
The Central Industrial Region
The flagship of our ambitious industrial programme, the Central Industrial Region will be a concentration of Polish industrial output in the region around Warsaw. This will take advantage of being in the centre of our nation and economy - a beating industrial heart which will represent the transformation of our economy into that of a modern industrial society.
Fund the Construction Sector
While it may sound redundantly obvious, it will be impossible to build an industrial region without the construction services to do so, as we are already finding companies struggling to meet the specifications of modern factories. Funding will be allocated for the expansion and modernisation of construction companies and their equipment. This effort should hopefully allow us to speed up the growth of our industrial capabilities.
War Industry Bureau
While the growing tensions on the continent are bad for peace, they are a good time for arms contractors. In a more pragmatic view, the ability to have a strong arms sector is extremely useful should the nation come to need it. This is the impetus behind the creation of the War Industry Bureau which will oversee the arms manufacturing and logistics sourcing side of the military.
Eastern Europe's Workshop
Looking back on our efforts to build a new crown jewel in our economy, it is almost justified to feel a small sense of pride. We have transformed the area around Warsaw into one of the foremost industrial centres in all of Mitteleuropa, one that is notable in both scale and modernity. While there is still plenty of work left to do, a new golden age for Polish industry is only just beginning.
Expansion of the Consumer Industries
While heavy industry on its own sounds impressive, it is worthwhile to remember that if there is nobody to buy their produce, it is a pointless endeavour. Therefore, we must also make sure that we do not forget to focus on expanding the light consumer goods sector as well. Increasing our population's ability to purchase goods will have the dual benefits of boosting economic growth whilst also hopefully improving the average standard of living.
Stalowa Wola
To further the growth of our new industrial heartland, there has been significant talk of establishing steel works in the region in order to take advantage of the pre-existing coal and iron ore supplies found there. These steelworks, known as Huta Stalowa Wola, will provide thousands of jobs in the region, with plans even being drafted for an entirely planned city to house workers in the plant.
Expand the Chemical Industry
The new and exciting industries of synthetic rubber and fuel production have the potential to be a great boon for nations, such as our own, which struggle to find sufficient supplies of resources. With help from German petrochemical experts, government capital is being directed towards the foundation of new synthetic rubber facilities near the town of Dębica, which will hopefully be the first step in a new economic sector helping to make us more self-reliant.
Domestic Aircraft Manufacturing
The new fields of aviation are seen by many to shape the future of travel and warfare. It is because of this that the next target of government capital is generally seen to be the creation and expansion of a full aviation sector, one which is hoped to be capable of producing domestic aircraft comparable to domestic efforts elsewhere. While reliant on government investment to get off the ground, many hope that these companies will soon be able to soar on their own.
General Inspectorate
Unfortunately the Polish armed forces have been allowed to languish in a state of stagnation for far too long, but as tensions increase across the continent, the will is finally present to fundamentally remake our armed forces. The first step of this will be the creation of a separate body which will oversee its modernisation, hopefully allowing a form of impartiality to prevent any new funding simply increasing officer salaries.
Structural Reorganisations
To begin reforming our armed forces, we must first attack the fundamental structures which make them up. By standardising and updating the administrative and command structures of our military, we can lay the seeds for future growth and expansion, confident that inefficiencies and irregularities have been wiped away.
Malkowski and Malkowska's Legacy
The principles and discipline of scouting, combined with its training of useful skills, like navigating and hiking, are immensely useful for instilling military principles in young children, while also providing them with exciting extracurricular activities. Scouting in Poland was fostered by Olga Małkowska and Andrzej Małkowski, who established institutes to teach scouting principles. By encouraging these organisations, we will foster a generation trained in many useful skills.
Saving Polish Blood
While the willingness of our soldiers to give everything for their country should never be discouraged, we should aim to avoid needless suffering where possible. For any quick heroic death there will be countless slow ones - broken bodies bleeding their life essence into the soil. With timely and trained medical intervention, we can prevent as much of this as possible and get them back to fighting - or at least let one more voice will continue to be heard by their loved ones.
Lessons of the Trenches
The legacy of the trenches haunt society as the enduring image of the Weltkrieg: the mud and cold all worsened by poor construction practices, and a refusal to accept that more permanent fortifications would be necessary. In the future, it will likely be necessary to accept that trenches will play a key part, and by accepting this fact we can hopefully prepare to make our trenches be more bearable and more defensible for those forced to use them.
Obrona Narodowa
The idea of secondary units to support the operations of official troops has been a long standing one, with various militias existing across the world with such a goal in mind. In order to make such a practice more efficient however, many within our military are proposing a state-sponsored volunteer force which will exist to assist the standing army. The name they propose for this organisation is Obrona Narodowa - National Defence.
Mossor's Cavalry Reform
In the west, the role of cavalry units was torn to shreds by machine gun fire: the image of cavalry with sabres charging to their death became a defining notion of the war. In the east however, the wide plains and more fluid nature of warfare has led to cavalry still having a place, but it cannot survive unchanged. Because of this a reform plan has been drafted by one of our commanders, Stefan Mossor, proposing to transform our cavalry into a form of elite mobile infantry.
Equestrian AT Equipment
While many have seen armoured vehicles as the death knell of mounted warfare, the reality is not nearly as simple. The versatility of horses makes them far more able to traverse terrain than vehicles. Proponents of the cavalry force propose expanding this advantage by providing our cavalry with small anti-tank weaponry such as AT rifles, making them able to pierce armour and destroy these vehicles.
Motorised Dragoons
By transporting a cavalry division's equipment by truck and not by horse, the average speed of a unit will increase, and it is able to field more and heavier support weapons, bringing it on par with a normal infantry division's combat power.
Centre for Higher Military Studies
While initiative and natural skill have traditionally been everything good officers needed, the increasingly complex nature of modern warfare will rely on men capable of understanding things which one cannot simply learn on the job. To do this we will establish a new military think-tank capable of enhancing and furthering understanding of modern military tactics and strategy among our officers.
Expand the Academy of Warsaw
The academy at Warsaw is the centre of our officer corps, training many of the junior officers and strategists who shape our military. By pouring increased funding into the body, we can ensure it continues to push out top class graduates. However, is also likely that this modernisation will lead to increased doctrinal squabbling between the various schools of thought. It remains to be seen which will emerge as the orthodoxy.
Combined Arms Warfare
The final years of the Weltkrieg saw a type of warfare far different than what had been seen at the beginning. While men marched across the fields of France, they were no longer the only deciding factor: above them airplanes strafed and fought, artillery behind the lines duelled with greater precision, range and firepower than anything in 1914, while brutish metal beasts lumbered alongside them. This will be how the next war will be fought. We must be ready for it.
Start the Six-Year Plan
While planning to modernise, reform and expand our military is a worthy notion, these plans are little more than fantasies if we do not have the industry to create such a force. Because of this, we will match our programme of military expansion with a parallel programme of expansion in the military industry sector, which other members of the government propose could be tied into broader industrial plans.
Military Research and Education Institute
The advanced equipment required for modern warfare requires genuine innovation and funding to bring into reality: because of this, the government will order the creation of a body to organise military research and to ensure resources are directed towards the right projects. This will also be responsible for assigning funding to projects that would struggle otherwise.
Maroszek's Self-Loading Rifle
An Engineer named Józef Maroszek has come to the new Military Institute with an interesting demonstration: a personal design which he has been refining for a number of years for a rifle which would be far easier to operate than current bolt-action rifles, being capable of firing any time the trigger is pulled (provided it has ammunition of course). This design quickly attracted the support of the Institute and has become one of the first projects approved for further funding.
Artillery Modernisation
Artillery has proven to be one of the greatest deciders of modern war, and the innovation seen during the Great War thoroughly reshaped the field of Artillery research. Twenty years on however, our artillery equipment and training are beginning to seem outdated, and there has been fresh interest in beginning a modernisation of our Artillery Corps, outfitting them with better guns and training them on modern calculations and ranging.
Finish the 8TP Programme
There has been a great deal of exploration and interest in the creation of a Polish tank force, seen as being perfectly suited to the nation's relatively flat geography and tradition for mobile warfare. These efforts have culminated in the 8TP programme, based on the Swedish Landsverk L-60, which will create the first armoured units in a bid to explore how they operate in the field most efficiently.
Project Urugwaj
While we have begun exploring armour technology, we are small fry compared to some of the armoured vehicles seen in other armed forces. This reality has caused us to begin exploring specialised anti-tank weaponry and anti-tank tactics which will allow our infantry and other units to easily slay the metal beasts.
Improved Tank Designs
Our initial experiments into armoured warfare have convinced many to see the advantages in modern warfare, but at the same time the lessons learnt from the experimental units have also shown us the limits of our current armoured vehicles. To overcome this hurdle, fresh funding is being allocated for the design of better armoured vehicles which will be able to go toe-to-toe with foreign counterparts.
Germany's Eastern Bulwark
Bordering the frontier nations in the East and situated closest to Berlin, our nation is in the middle of Germany's order in Eastern Europe. This fact causes us to play a critical role in strategic planning for the entire alliance. By building our nation up as a strong and stable German bastion, we will be able to make ourselves of great use should the need arise while also getting further support from Berlin for our military.
Contracts with CWS
Centralne Warsztaty Samochodowe, created in 1918 to service our army's equipment, has expanded in scale since its humble origins, growing now to be able to produce their own native designs for cars and motorcycles. It stands to reason then that we would support this native company by providing them with lucrative contracts to produce vehicles for our army, strengthening the key bonds between military and industry.
Expand PZInz
Państwowe Zakłady Inżynierii (National Engineering Works) is a company which is fairly experienced in making a wide range of military and civilian vehicles, which are frequently licences of foreign designs. By providing them with funding to expand their operations into the production of domestic armoured vehicles, we will gain access to a relatively stable domestic supplier for our new armoured units.
Develop the 22TP
The earlier 8TP programme has shown the power a more modern tank fleet can have on the battlefield. Looking to expand on this earlier success, plans have been drawn up for the creation of a vehicle which is even larger, better armed and can run more efficiently. This tank has been termed the 22TP by many of its designers, and should we support it, it will truly make our armoured force the envy of the Reichspakt.
Integrated Communication
Our position in the middle of the Reichspakt will make us a key hub of communications, and it is important as part of this that our army is able to work as one and quickly and efficiently communicate with each other. To facilitate this, we will centrally structure our communications system to be standardised and stratified in order to ensure information can gets to who it needs to, when it needs to.
Artillery from the Sky
In the last war, artillery was the nightmare of the common soldier. The idea that at any moment you and everyone in your unit could be wiped out by an enemy you couldn't see is a powerful fear factor. The modern technology of aerial attackers has brought this idea to a new level, with proponents of such warfare pointing to the fact that with proper training, airstrikes can be far more surgical than artillery. This pitch has swayed many in our military, as \
Army-Air-Coordination
While there will always be some resentment between different branches of an armed force, since most soldiers like to believe they have it far worse than their counterparts, it is important not to let these feelings blossom into a full blown inter-service rivalry. While many within the army may see ground units as the only ones that really matter, it is important to make sure that our aerial units work closely with them to maximise their effectiveness.
Mechanisation of the Cavalry
While the cavalry has done an incredible job at keeping their tactics relevant in the rapidly evolving nature of warfare through converting to a sort of mobile infantry, the sad fact is that it is merely holding back the tide. We must make steps to mechanise our cavalry troops to ensure their speed can still remain relevant in the wars of tomorrow.
Centralised Fuel Supply
With the growing mechanisation of our military, it is important that they always have enough fuel to keep them in operation. This has led to calls to create a central organisation to manage the distribution of the fuel supplies of our nation. While this will mostly affect our military through ensuring access to oil, it will also manage other fuel reserves to ensure that they are directed where they need to be.
Wojna Błyskawiczna
The reformation of our military into a mechanised force has led to the creation of a new doctrine of war becoming the orthodoxy — one which relies on speed to win wars. This centres around using a vanguard of armour and airpower to break through enemy forces before using fast-moving motorised infantry to exploit breakthroughs before the enemy can recover. These tactics have even gained a name among our troops, \
Vanguard of the Internationale
The working nation is as uniform as a fighting army. Work is a unifying principle for the nation, just as is war for the army. Polish worker-soldier will act as the spear into the side of Eastern Germany, while the Communards stab the German Eagle in the west.
Art of Operational Planning
Comrade Rokossowski has come home to his nation bringing his theories of Deep Operation. This theory calls for the use of multiple army units all functioning as one. The principle behind these massive operations is that by moving an entire front as one, you destroy enemy units as one on a tactical level. This high-level approach to warfare will take some time to fully implement, but the results it promises will make it worth it.
Strength of Local Initiative
While the crux of deep operations is the strategic level, but that does not mean that the individual tactical level is not also important. As part of this, we must make sure to encourage independent thought in our units in order to ensure any tactical advantages that present themselves are properly exploited by commanders.
Skill of Misdirection
As part of moving our forces as one, it is important that we do not let our enemy realise how they are being manipulated. Instead, we should lead them into the false sense of security that operations are proceeding normally. This misdirection is key to defeating an enemy, blunting his attacks through feigned retreats before overpowering him with a strategic counterpart. We must strengthen our cryptological skills in order to ensure that the enemy cannot decipher our plans.
Spirit of the Hussars
The key to outmanoeuvring an enemy is the ability to be where you want to be, before the enemy can stop this. While traditionally this was done through forcing men to march, modern technology allows us to move faster than any infantryman. By providing our army units with means to reach their objectives quickly, we will ensure they can easily out-manoeuvre their enemies.
Coordination with the Communards
In joining the global revolution, we have become just one part of the great struggle to liberate all of mankind from the shackles of economic slavery. Alone, our cause would be doomed, but by working with our fellow syndicalists, we can act like the twin grips of a vice, slowly crushing the Germans in the middle. In order to ensure this works properly, Internationale diplomats have been noticeably keen to send advisors to oversee the direction of our military and military planning.
Tools for the Shock Troops
In order for our units to break through the enemy and destroy them, they must be properly equipped to crush their opponents. Because of this there has been a strong push to focus our attention on the development of new artillery and infantry equipment, which would hopefully mean that our divisions are able to operate on a far higher level than their opponents.
Eyes from the Sky
While the fight on the ground may seem like the key to deep operations, in reality it is something far more unquantifiable - information. The ability to know how the enemy is moving before he engages is invaluable for planning front movements. Because of this, there has been a great interest in developing technologies to perform reconnaissance of the enemy's movements, both on the ground and in the air.
Concentrated Destruction
The ability for airpower to tear an enemy to shreds is invaluable, as the range and accuracy it can provides leaves artillery severely wanting. In particular the developments in versatile multirole bombers, which can attack both enemy units and strategic targets, are of great interest to military planners as a boon to their operational plans.
Tactical Annihilation
While Deep Operational doctrine typically focuses on the strategic level, it is important to remember what the purpose of those great sweeps of army units is: the complete and utter annihilation of the enemy on a tactical level. By first blunting a more powerful enemy and then crushing him as he is overstretched, we have created a type of war which will make the Germans wish they never marched against the Polish Workers.
Legacy of the Legions
The Polish Legions established during the Weltkrieg have played an important role in the development of the modern Polish state. They had no tanks or planes, only stubborn hearts and an untiring belief in the Polish nation. Technology is useless if the army lacks the spirit to use it, and it is this aspect we should focus on.
National Defence Fund
Military acquisitions are an expensive process, particularly when trying to purchase more modern equipment. The reality is that funding our military modernisation has the potential to bankrupt us. To get around this a proposal has been drafted with support both in government and the army to establish a \
State Aviation Works
The development and production of aviation, vital to our national defence, cannot be left to the fickle hands of private contractors. Because of this, a plan has been established to take aircraft production completely under state management, to ensure that the designs created are completely up to government specifications and army demands.
Domestic Plane Models
While many propose simply producing licences of foreign designs, many within nationalist circles are uncomfortable for the potential this has of leading our aviation development sector into decline. Because of this, there is broad support for looking instead to domestic aircraft designers when producing our aircraft, as while it has to potential to take longer, it will ensure we are not beholden to foreign companies to create our equipment.
Modernisation of Artillery
While our earlier modernisation of artillery units has gone a long way to keeping those units relevant with the rapidly developing pace of warfare, there is always potential to innovate further. New calculation technologies and even higher calibre guns mean that sufficient investment could allow our artillery units to hit the enemy even harder than before.
Motorisation of Cavalry
While we possess some of the most potent cavalry units in the world, unfortunately the writing is on the wall for horses. The potential offered by adopting trucks and cars to transport our troops is simply incomparable. Therefore, by transitioning our cavalry units to using these vehicles instead of their traditional mounts, we will enter them into a new era of their proud history.
Adoption of the 14TP
While the speed of light tanks has often received the most attention from proponents of armour in our nation, many in Rydz-Śmigły's circle now look eagerly towards the fledgling area of the so called \
Moral Education
While many see soldiers as simply a uniform and a weapon, this is far from the truth. Our soldiers serve as representations of our nation's pride and willingness to protect our ideals. They cannot do this if they are not fully appreciative of the ideals they represent when serving. In order to make them never forget their duty, the army command have proposed a healthy nationalist education to be given to all our soldiers in their training process, tying military and patriotism.
National Volunteer Corps
The slow attrition of combat is an unfortunate but inevitable part of modern war. As experienced troops are whittled down by combat, the men replacing them are prone to being less experienced, also weakening morale in the process, as men feel their comrades are being replaced by \
Shield of the Slavic World
With our recent history under the boots of foreign empires, it can be easy to forget our proud history as one of the greatest military powers in Eastern Europe. While we are still not quite at the level of comparative military dominance we once held, we have at least begun to recapture that old spirit. Our troops now march with their heads held high, remembering the reason they fight, the idea they represent, that of a Poland which will never be truly defeated.
Armia Ludowa
Władysław Sikorski is among the men who earned their combat experience in the Polish Legions during the Weltkrieg. Unlike some of his counterparts however, he has an ambitious vision for how the Polish army must operate during the next war. Rather than a conventional armed effort, his plan centres around a massive mobilisation of resources behind the military, pooling state and popular will into one effort to crush the enemy.
Unify the Command Structure
When waging a war with the total military and economic strength of the state behind it, it is vital to ensure that decisions on how to use it are made properly. While some call for simply centralising this control behind a single figure, Sikorski's proposal calls for the creation of bodies under the government capable of directing national resources properly and effectively, which would also prevent the army taking control of politics in such a time of crisis.
Establish a Reserve System
One of the major elements of the popular army concept is the usage of mass mobilisation of the population in the event of conflict. One of the first steps of this will be the establishing of a reserve system to manage and allocate forces effectively should the masses be called upon. This will also keep a list of all potential recruits and their economic necessity to minimise disruption to the logistical side of the military.
Military Self-Sufficiency
When the war comes, it is likely that we will be on our own. If we are to utilise this concept of a massive concentration of state resources properly, we must ensure that our military is not dependent on foreign suppliers for critical equipment. As part of this, there has been a great push to expand the domestic arms sector to produce for any of the key needs of the army.
Professional Core
While mass mobilisation is certainly the most dramatic part of Sikorski's reform plan, it is not the only element. He promotes the idea of a small, specialised core force, envisioning them as motorised and equipped with the best weaponry available. This would make them capable of being the spearhead of any operations, breaking difficult enemy units and filling a role almost comparable to shock troops.
Doctrine of Infantry Tanks
While the showy field of armoured warfare has won many proponents in recent years, this idea of exclusively tank warfare is seen as short sighted under the new vision for the Polish army. While tanks certainly have conditions where they can be useful, their high cost to build and operate makes them far less appealing than a capable infantry unit. To assist this vision, new tank designs are being proposed that rather than acting on their own, would support the infantry in the field.
Air Defence Squadrons
The aerial theatre of operations is core to the plan for a popular army. The first part of this is the creation of a fighter force which is capable of protecting our territory from airborne marauders sent by the enemy, rather than attacking them in their home turf. These fighters will be ready to meet the enemy when they arrive, and deter them from making such forays in the future.
The Bomber Command
Once national airspace has been secured by our fighter aircraft, the real work can begin for our aerial forces - bombing the enemy. This will involve the usage of multirole aircraft capable of attacking both enemy ground targets and key pieces of infrastructure and manufacturing which will cripple their ability to reinforce their troops when our ground forces start their attack.
Polish Citizen-Soldier
As the dividing line between civilian and soldier becomes increasingly blurred under the plans for a popular army, many have been keen to ask where the line actually is? The answer is simple: there is no such line. When the war comes, our citizens and soldiers will become one and the same, as the state itself is transformed into an instrument of war, one where every Pole is part of the fight in some form or another.
The Unshakeable Will
Thanks to Sikorski's reforms, we have succeeded in transforming our military and state into something entirely new. Every citizen of our nation can now feel like a part of the greater engine of national defence, all working to bring about complete and utter victory. When the time comes and we are all called upon, nothing will be left to waste - all will spring to their duty whether that be in the factories or on the frontlines. As one, we are unbreakable.
Election of 1938
The elections of 1938 are shaping up to be rather crucial, with many doubting the ability of the current government to survive in the face of rising opposition to their rule. This ranges from more socialist parties on the left, to staunch conservative forces on the right. It remains to be seen who will have their hands on the tiller when the ballots are counted, but it is certain they will shape Poland to their vision.
Revolutionary Republic
To the surprise of many in the political centre, the monarchy has crumbled and a new Polish Syndicalist Republic has risen from the rubble. The new government is still uncertain and will have to begin rapidly taking steps to entrench itself and begin transforming the old capitalist and German-dominated economy into one that is both socialist and Polish.
Workers' Economy
The economy of a syndicalist state is one which is supposed to be both run and controlled by the workers. For a nation such as ours, which has long been controlled by entrenched interests which worked against the average person, the economy is fundamentally unfair. Therefore, we will begin to create a system where the common workers will control the Polish economy.
Topple the Tyrants
While we have our external tyrants, there are many within our nation as well. From nobility to cruel landowners, much of our nation is controlled by unaccountable local dictators. While many have fled in the wake of the revolution, those that remain will be removed and the structural economic legacy they left will be torn down.
The Myth of the Revolution
As the dust begins to settle, the new Syndicalist nation stands at a crossroads. The coming weeks will force us to make many choices as to the form of our new republic - choices whose legacy will likely cast a shadow on Polish history for years, if not decades to come. A new Poland has been born and it remains to be seen what that will look like.
In Zakrzewski's Light
In the fight for dominance over the soul of the new republic, Zakrzewski's adherents of the committee has come out on top. They reject mere \
Brzozowski-Sorelian Thought
Two main influences behind Zakrzewski's philosophy are Georges Sorel and Stanisław Brzozowski. According to their thinking, the Nation is composed of the workers, and only the workers. Those who leech off the fruits of labour of others are not Poles, but parasites.
Catholic Social Teaching
Catholicism is an integral part of Polish identity, even if the Church is a counter-revolutionary enemy. Through incorporation of Catholic social teaching and worker-priests this link does not need to be severed.
Moral Syndicalism
While syndicalism is traditionally seen as an economic model more than anything else, the writings of Sorel go into far more depth about how such a society should be structured. Syndicalism must include moral rejuvenation of the working class, which must represent the idealised man.
Revolutionary Nationalism
While many see the socialist struggle as an internationalist one between all of the proletariat, reality is far more complicated. As the Italian writer Enrico Corradini proclaimed, there are also 
Piłsudski's Vision
While never a true syndicalist, Józef Piłsudski has become an idol for Zakrzewski and his followers, particularly adapting his ideas of an Intermarium into their goals of liberating Eastern Europe as a whole from its oppressors. To them, issues such as language have little meaning compared to greater class struggle.
The People Must Decide
While the fear of the moment can make it tempting to centralise, to allow the iron fist to direct a nation in a time of crisis would make us no better than our enemies. If we want to show the world who we really are and what we stand for, we must allow the pluralistic side of the committee to flourish, planting the seeds of a democracy by and for the working class.
Chairman Zakrzewski's Dictatorship was averted.
The Supreme Chamber of Commerce
Founded in place of the Senate, the Supreme Chamber of Commerce functions as the syndicalist \
Land of Free Men
Under the old liberal system, there was only freedom for specific groups, who divided the classes into arbitrary groups to keep them weak. Under the new socialist system, all shall enjoy true freedom, the freedom to live and die as equal men, beyond the traditional divides in our society. While instilling this mindset in the average person will be difficult, we will show them how to care.
Peasant Cooperatives
While many look to the trade unionist systems in France and Britain as a model for the new nation, Poland is quite different from either of these examples. Our rural population has led to many proposing instead to encourage the growth of Peasant cooperatives which will be able to collectively elevate Peasant communities and break the traditional mindset of competition which kept them divided.
Healing the Scars
The old order thrived on division. The ability to keep the common man divided from his brothers was key in keeping him trapped in his chains. While we have made steps in waking people from this trance, there are still old grudges which will take more than a few statements to heal. If we can successfully foster further erosion of our traditional divides, we will create a stronger nation.
The French Model
As the two most successful Syndicalist states, it is only natural that they would set the example for future revolutions to follow. The kinks already worked out in Paris and London means that we don't have to figure it out as we go along, and while much of our nation is not as industrial as France or Britain, we can find workarounds for involving our rural population in the process.
Embrace Internationalism
Liberty does not speak one language and does not really represent one nation. While our nations may seem different, in reality our goals are identical - that being the desire for total liberty from oppression and subjugation. Unfortunately, there are still many who labour under oppression, and it is our duty as free peoples to end this gross injustice.
Equality Triumphant
Through our efforts, we have dismantled the systems of unfairness and injustice to their very foundations. The people of our nation now enjoy liberties almost unparalleled in the world, granting them personal, economic and religious freedoms which would have once seemed impossible. Though there is still much work to be done to better the lives of our people, we can know that in a time where many wish to undo freedoms and rights that we stand firm.
Red Intermarium
The peoples of Eastern Europe have long been oppressed by various masters, be they Russian, Austrian or German. The dream of the Intermarium is one which would undo this - the cooperation of the region's peoples which would allow them to stand tall against imperialism. While many dismiss such ideas as unrealistic or idealistic, they once said the same about Syndicalism in Eastern Europe, and they will be proven wrong again.
Polish Socialist Republic
We must admit the facts - even if we incorporate our smaller neighbouring peoples into our nation with good intentions, we will be seen as the conquerors. A government that drags the Polish people into a war has already abandoned its primary duty - to improve the lives of the Poles.
Central European Confederation
What truly united the Commonwealth of old were shared interests and loyalty: a desire to build a better tomorrow for everyone instead of mindless conquest that would only bring bloodshed. It is this path of cooperation that we must strive for if we are to see the old days of glory return.
Ascension of the Centrolew
In a grim turn for the pro-German elements in our nation, the Centrolew bloc has managed to secure a victory in the election. Falling to the left politically and economically, these parties envision an ambitious series of reforms to break up the status quo and strengthen democratic control over the nation's political direction. Their plans are also likely to involve further decoupling of Poland from the German economic hegemony and working closer with their brothers in Galicia.
§SThe Centrolew government decreases the possibility of a socialist revolution massively.§!
Embrace Secularism
Key to the goal of a Poland which works for all her citizens is enshrining a nation where they will not be judged by their creed. To ensure that the state cannot be used to disadvantage those of other faiths, a wedge will be driven firmly between it and the church. While we have no issue with being religious in private, these are two spheres that should not interact, no matter what some in politics may demand.
Free and Secular Education
The youth represent the future of our nation, and while education in our nation has made incredible advances in recent years, there are still many who miss out because of economic or geographic circumstances. In a bid to rectify this failing, it has been proposed to offer free education to all who want it, using a curriculum which would be centrally managed to ensure all students are taught the same knowledge.
Enshrine Minority Rights
For the various religious and cultural minorities of Poland, the election of a new government does little to give them hope that discrimination against them will end, just because the current people in power are opposed to it. To prevent any progress we make in healing archaic divisions being undone by our successors, we will make steps to enshrine the rights of minorities in law.
Female Suffrage
The idea of womens' suffrage has spread rapidly across the world in recent decades, as women began to end their silence and demand equal rights to men. Through their activism they have managed to secure major victories in their struggle, with many nations in Europe granting women the right to vote. With more radical individuals in power, these calls finally have a voice in government: the time has come for Poland to join the liberal nations of the world and let women have their say.
Shackle the Senate
The upper house of the Sejm has proven itself to be the citadel of conservatism and reactionary thought, allying itself with the Germans rather than with the people of Poland. This archaic institution has one purpose: to slow down progress. In our ideal Poland such an elitist body would not exist, but for time being we can only reduce their influence in favour of the lower house.
Curtail the Geheimrat
The King's Privy Council is the very embodiment of unelected elites controlling the nation instead of the people of Poland. One way to restrict their influence is to curtail the membership to only true citizens of Poland, which would greatly reduce German influence over us.
Land of the Peasants
The majority of our nation belong to the class of relatively poor peasants who work hard and receive little thanks for their labour. Campaigning on a platform of expanding democracy and reforming archaic institutions, many within the government wish to centre programmes around making this nation one which is made by and works for the peasants via popular land reforms and attempting to better their economic prospects.
Create the Chamber of Labour
Believing the nascent urban working class to be the future of the Polish economy, there are many within the more urban cohort of our government who believe working to better their conditions should be core to our reforms. One of their first ideas to do this is to create a \
Nationalise the Vital Sectors
While we do not entirely reject the free market like the far more radical syndicalists do, there are strong voices within our administration who believe that the government is the best to provide what they term \
Creation of Small Farms
There are many problems with the current distribution of land in our rural areas, and while many propose more cautious reform, such a programme would not do enough to eliminate the roots of the problem. Rather, many believe that a more total redistribution of the land is needed to create a fairer situation for peasants, taking it from those who own the land and giving it to those who actually use it.
Secure Workers' Rights
It is a fact of life that people need to work in order to have a comfortable life, a fact that gives employers an unfair degree of power over the conditions that they can demand their workers to be forced to endure. This is an area where the state actually has immense power to do good, using its sheer power to compel employers to display a minimum level of care towards their workers. This should hopefully limit accidents and deaths in our industrial sector.
National Healthcare
Medicine has made great strides in recent years, but unfortunately these developments do not reach all equally with disadvantages in areas often being unable to get equal treatment with the wealthy. Nobody should die simply because they were unable to afford healthcare or were unable to access it. The government will provide healthcare to all in our nation - a basic good to make our citizens' lives infinitely better.
Unionisation of the Peasants
While most think of unions as representing the interests of workers in grimy factories, farmers are just as capable of working together to represent their interests. To help our rural areas transition to a more representative system for their sector of the economy, the government will support the creation of unions for our peasants and farmers. After all, if they go on strike, who will provide the food the rich need to survive?
Union with Kraków
Kraków, the old royal capital of Poland, lies just beyond our border along with the rest of Galicia. This origin of the partition is entirely artificial, enforced by Austrians and Germans rather than Poles. With the election of a more liberal government, there have been increased calls to unite with the region which has long been a shelter for democrats and republicans. This will not be easy, as any such union relies on the consent of Berlin and Vienna.
The Austro-Hungarian Empire is §Rnot§! in civil war.
Nationalise the Infrastructure
Trains, roads and ports are all key parts of our nation's transport infrastructure. In spite of this importance, much of their maintenance is left to a chaotic myriad of groups, which has produced less than stellar results. It would be better for the state to step in and take direct management of key infrastructure in order to ensure resources are being directed for the greatest return for the people.
Thorough Land Reform
Land reform has been the key economic and social question for our nation, and it is one our government must attempt to solve as part of our more peasant-focused reforms. Our plan envisions a careful but comprehensive reform of land usage within our nation, which will allow many to actually access the land which they work so hard to make productive.
People's Banks
For many in our nation, access to loans and capital vital to improve their economic situation is very hard to come by. The reality is that many financial institutions are unwilling to lend to peasants. In a novel idea to solve this problem, the government has proposed a system of communal banking where members of a community would all contribute, and from which loans could be better provided, hopefully allowing greater access to cheap credit.
Democracy and Transparency
Democracy is not just something which can be enacted in laws, it is something which must be built up in the minds of the population. By making them think democratically, understanding and respecting civil and political liberties as core parts of their lives, they will be able to foster our democratic system into something which can exist organically with full consent from the people.
Unicameralism
While many liberal democracies operate on a bicameral system where a lower house must cooperate with an upper house of some form, this system serves as an extra degree of separation of the people from their government - something which is anathema to our beliefs. Therefore we will empower a single legislative body to make decisions in our nation, ensuring a direct line between voters and the policies of the government.
Sincere People's Government
A government must be more than simply a set of policies or men in offices - it is supposed to embody the beliefs of the majority and work for the people. While some may call it idealism, arguing that no democratic system can withstand the realities of governance, we will strive to prove them wrong by creating a government which works by and for the people.
The Dawn of Progress
Thanks to our efforts, we have totally overhauled the political and social makeup of Poland while not wholly abandoning the things which make us unique. Democracy is not always the most inspiring ideology and is frequently attacked by those seeking to make it seemed flawed, but we have shown that idealism still has its place. A new Poland has been created - a model for other democracies to follow.
His Majesty's Cabinet
Despite the determined attempts of the opposition, the Pro-German Circle has come out on top in the election. With their victory, it is likely that the ideas of strong, stable government will continue in the future, with the Circle attempting to strengthen the centre against increasingly powerful fringes and a careful reform of government institutions along the Circle's principles.
Empower the Geheimrat
The election was a concerning time for many of the more actively pro-German members of the King's inner circle, with genuine concerns of the opposition taking power. Now that their position has been confirmed for now, many are now pushing to strengthen their bonds with the King to ensure that the correct voices advise him on policy in the future.
Entrenched Constitutionalism
While we have significant disagreements with the more radical Centrolew, we do share their belief in reform of the legislative system, providing more power to the Sejm and putting these bodies in a more equal balance with the King. This will hopefully also win us support from more moderate Centrolew supporters who will support moderate reform over none at all.
Ally the Szlachta
As the party representing a more stable balance between expanding native representation and preserving the key institutions of our society, we are in a great position to align ourselves with more liberal members of the nobility. Their support will allow us to make inroads in rural areas while also hopefully winning us some concessions when the time comes to answer the question of land reform.
Fill the Railway Gaps
Our legacy as a mere province has left us with a rather chaotic rail network, with a lack of connections between our internal system and that of our neighbours. This hampers our ability to transport by rail and benefit from our very central location in the Reichspakt, with many routes simply going around Poland even if it adds extra distance to their journey. Solving this lack of connection could provide us with a lot of benefits economically and logistically.
Friends in Vienna
For many within Centrolew, Austria represents a far more comfortable middle ground as a trade partner, both thanks to being a traditional shelter for democrats, and also because it would not result in us becoming further tied to Berlin. With the pre-existing economic connections to Galicia, encouraging economic ties between us and Vienna would be in the interests of both nations.
Allies in Lewiatan
In an effort to avoid ceding any more economic leverage to Berlin, a group of Polish industrialists known as \
The Constitutionalist Coalition
A truce has been made between the republicans and the monarchy. United in defence of Polish democracy, the moderates of both sides have agreed to form a surprise coalition to stem the radicalism from both sides, trying to maintain a careful balancing act.
Allies in Berlin
As the largest source of foreign investment in our economy, it is only natural that we should seek to further develop our ties with Germany. While some claim that this makes us more liable to suffer should the German economy experience spirals, they fail to argue how a Polish economy would be immune to such a crash. In addition, by proving ourselves to be such a reliable partner to Berlin, we will likely have a lot of persuasion from German business interests to stay that way.
Attract German Corporations
Thanks to our efforts to prove ourselves as a reliable investment location, we have received a lot of interest from large German conglomerates looking either to establish new operations, or expand already existing ones. These companies have the potential to provide a lot of indirect benefits to our economy, provided we can convince them to follow on from these probing inquiries.
Rule by Royal Decree
In issues of national concern, it is not useful nor \
Guarded Democracy
While democracy is a good on principle, not every man is mature and good enough to be trusted with decisions regarding their country. As Roman Dmowski often said, the Commonwealth of old squandered its might in democratic bickering and plotting. We must ensure that the Sejm will always stay on the right path, regardless of communist agitators and others who would see Poland subjugated again.
Unite the Poles
With Germany making indications that they are willing to move beyond the status quo that has prevailed since their victory in the Weltkrieg, many have proposed to lobby Berlin on the issue of Polish unity, specifically around Galicia. Should this proposal be accepted, it would represent a major change in the situation of all Poles and be a huge victory for our government.
Primacy of the Sejm
It is impossible for one man to rule alone, and the Sejm has already prove itself to be more than capable of handling some duties as loyal servants of the King. This delegation has continued to the point where the Sejm has functionally become the controlling body of government, and there are those proposing we formalise this relationship, while at the same time making it clear they will still work with powers bestowed by their Monarch.
Manage the Unions
While few dispute that Unions can play an important role in society, their noble idea is very liable to being infiltrated by elements which claim to represent the interests of the workers. In order to prevent our unions becoming corrupted, the government will mandate government-appointed officials be placed in key union positions, while at the same time having plants within the unions to cut out the rot before it can spread.
Royal Academy of Arts
It is important that the people remember that the King is their King, and cares about their culture and history. In an effort to demonstrate this fact, plans have been drafted to create a royal institution to foster the Arts, which will demonstrate the King's willingness to support Polish culture and arts.
In the Middle of Mitteleuropa
The Central Industrial Region, our new economic core, also has the potential to be an economic hub for the entirety of Mitteleuropa. By strengthening rail and industrial links between the Region and the rest of Eastern Europe, we have the potential to have a nexus of the entire half of the continent in our hands, on par with any of the great cities of Europe.
Secure the Magnates
The large estates of our nation serve as a key part of safeguarding Polish economic interests, in spite of their inefficiencies. While majority Polish, there are great estates controlled and populated by those who are not Poles. These estates have few friends and are often hated by Polish landowners due to claims of undercutting. To get these Magnates on our side, we will begin dismantling these non-Polish strongholds and transform them into proper Polish communities.
Abolish the Royal Veto
With the status of the Sejm as the primary governing force entrenched, there have been growing calls to abolish the ability for the King to veto any legislation he sees fit. Many criticise this both for the pure undemocratic nature of it, and because it makes little sense given the King has given up most of his other powers. With the agreement of the Palace, the government will finally abolish the veto and make the Sejm the sole law-making body in Poland.
The Path of Least Resistance
Through the efforts of the Circle, Polish politics have been reformed at a slow but steady place. A new balance between the King and the people has been struck, showing that monarchies are more than capable at adapting to changing circumstances around them. With the threats to the further left and right now on the backfoot thanks to decisive action, the centre has triumphed in Poland - an island of stability in stormy seas.
Christian Conservatism
With the rise of the more right-wing and nationalist elements of Polish politics, culminating in their recent seizure of power, Polish politics are likely to see a rapid shift towards a more traditional style of governance. The new government generally focuses on intertwining Polish nationalist beliefs, with the traditional dominance held by the Catholic Church in the nation, arguing the strength of one is directly proportional to the other.
§cEven as a monarchy, nationalist Poland will not necessarily be loyal to Germany.§!
Cement the Church's Status
In one of the first moves of the new government to entrench its ideals, plans are being drafted to recognise the Catholic Church as the state religion of Poland. They argue that by formalising the status quo, they will recognise the important role the Church has played in preserving our Nation's spirit. While this is supported by many Catholics, it is looked upon fearfully by religious minorities, fearing it may entrench pre-existing discrimination by providing legal legitimacy.
Purge the Nationalist Terrorists
The nationalist elements within our nation are nothing but a danger, managing to convince Poles that opposing the rule of law is somehow in their best interests. This dangerous thought threatens to spread if not swiftly removed, lest it corrupt the entire nation. Eliminating these radical nationalists will help in moderating the discussion of independence, while hopefully removing a potential threat.
Outlaw the Austrian Agents
While there are many within our nation campaigning for some degree of separation from the Germans, not all of these have entirely pure motivations. Concern has been raised due to representatives who come from the Austrian Empire to the south. While these individuals claim to be entirely independent, their reliance on Galicia has not gone unnoticed - because of this, there are many who have begun calling to act on these potential saboteurs before they can undermine us.
Arrest the Socialist Agitators
The radicals of the left make big claims, ceaselessly ranting about the injustices of capitalism and what they claim is a positively feudal system. Worryingly, this talk appears rather popular among our lower classes, who seem to believe the idealistic portrayal of the Syndicalist societies in the West. It is important that we crack down on this talk quickly, before it can get even more out of control.
Christian Trade Unionism
The rabid preachers of the left like to place themselves as the sole representatives of workers' rights, a convenient brush to paint their opponents with. In reality, valuing human dignity and fairness are far more connected with the teachings of Christ than those of any intellectual. To prevent the corruption of our workers, we will encourage the creation of unions based on papal ideas - a system of neither capitalism nor syndicalism which will protect Catholic values.
Eliminate Class Divisions
The petty divisions of class are entirely arbitrary and pointless, created by others to divide one Pole from another. It doesn't take a syndicalist to see that this is not right. In our new Poland, we must work to erode and eventually destroy these divisions - a move which will both unite and strengthen our people, being able to work as one to counter their enemies abroad which would seek to exploit these divisions.
The Christian Coalition
Despite our disagreements with the Germans, they were right in one matter: monarchy is the natural social order of any Christian nation, and therefore the Polish Catholics should seek not to oppose, but to glorify the monarchy and its stand against godless socialism.
Reinforce the Parliamentary System
While our current parliamentary system has a lot of serious issues in the eyes of many in government, the more pragmatic can see the clear benefits of working through this flawed structure to provide our decisions with a much greater degree of legitimacy. Fostering a strong parliamentary system will also have the benefit of making the people feel truly engaged with our policies, giving them a more bottom-up feeling of power.
Slay the Hydra of Capitalism
Recent decades have seen multinational capitalist systems dominating the global order. These structures, sold as positive and equal, in reality serve to exploit the weakest peoples and nations by pre-existing controllers. If we do not reverse this course, we will all be subordinate to foreign markets, and our nation's will would effectively be nullified. Despite the challenges, we must fight against this hegemony, so our nation will stand when the markets bring all others tumbling down.
First Marshal of Poland
Edward Rydz-Śmigły has taken up the mantle of Marshal of Poland, the supreme leader and protector of the nation. He has carefully fostered this aura around himself of being an embodiment of the Polish nation, commanding it as he would any military unit. Now at the helm of the nation, his policies will likely focus on entrenching this image and correcting the \
The Party of National Unification
The challenges facing our state require a united political front against our enemies: the petty divisions of conventional politics simply distract and undermine our struggle. We must further strengthen the image of the OZN as a party which all Poles must support. Campaigns will be mounted against those who attempt to denigrate and attack the noble aims of our party. Their gossip will not be tolerated.
Centralisation of Power
Despite our efforts to counter division and squabbling, many refuse to keep with the programme. It has become clear that the people cannot be relied on to act in their best interests. We must demonstrate to them that the united and uncompromising state, guided firmly by its leader, is the only way to bring Poland into a brighter tomorrow. Through intense propaganda efforts and a regulation of dangerous thought, we will make this united nation a reality.
The Saviour of Poland
Thanks to the efforts of Rydz-Śmigły, the enemies of the Polish people are slowly being driven out. The regime has been building up the image of the Marshal as a guiding hand, taking the reins of a nation heading to ruin, and setting us back on the right course. It is important the people of Poland never forget this deed, and new laws are being proposed which would require portraits to be placed in all public buildings across the nation. A small thanks for his noble effort.
Corporatism
The economic and social sectors have long been framed as being pitted against each other, all competing for resources and money. This destructive child of Liberalism serves to do nothing but breed division and discontent. In the new Poland, a more harmonious economic model is envisioned, modelled on the principles of corporatism. Rather than competing, the separate economic sectors will be mandated to work in tandem, like the individual organs of the creature that is the economy.
Social Altruism
Through the previous damage of the free market, many have managed to slip below the cracks and now live in abject poverty. Embracing the Christian ethos of charity and alms-giving, we will aim to alleviate their suffering, providing them with the basic requirements needed to live life as God wished them to. This goodness should hopefully make the lives of the poor better, while also show it is not godless syndicalists who value the lives of the unfortunate, but all good Christians.
Managed Land Reform
While solving the issue of unequal land distribution is obviously one which must be solved to allow our people to prosper, we must be careful to not capsize the boat when trying to change tack. Any radical action like that envisioned by other reformers would only alienate landowners and do greater damage in the long run. Therefore, we must engage in careful and fair distribution of land assets, properly compensating any who lose their property.
Polonisation Programmes
It is unfair that in a nation of Poles, it is often those not of native blood that control significant amounts of our nation. These minorities keep to themselves, extracting wealth from our nation and people. We must take firm action to eliminate these groups, either through integration into Polish culture or through a destruction of their power and social cliques. After all, there are already nations for Germans or Ukrainians: Poland should be for the Poles.
The First of the Slavs
While we are obviously firmly committed to the ideals of liberty for all Slavs, we cannot let such a cause come at the expense of our own nation's right to prosper. We must work to create the ideal Polish nation before we go about trying to assist in the liberation of our Eastern brothers, some of whom directly oppose the goals of a strong and defendable Poland. Once our people are reunited again under our banner, the Polish eagle will soar high across the East once again.
True Catholic [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
Through our efforts, we have turned the Church from something increasingly marginalised into a core pillar of our state. Across the nation, our people slowly rediscover not just their patriotism, but their faith. The strong ties between Rome and Warsaw will never be broken, and we can only hope that his Holiness will be willing to return our faithfulness in the future. A brighter, more moral future is about to begin for the true sons and daughters of Poland.
The Exceptional Individual
According to Adam Doboszyński, every generation has their exceptional individuals, and those persons must take a guiding role in completely reforging the Polish national identity into one which does not strongly connect to the Church, but actively implements their ideas for social, political and economic organisation.
Poland was freed by Russians
The Liberation of Greater Poland
Greater Poland is the home of our movement, the stronghold which has never surrendered to the German yoke, despite the Prussian attempts to eradicate their culture for the past century. New Poland can only be born with Poznań!
Root Out Those Without Faith
There are many in our nation who do not hold the true teachings of Christ close to their heart, either holding alternate interpretations or ignoring his word completely. In the first steps of our new state, we must eliminate these elements if we wish to succeed in our mission to transform the Polish nation. While this move will likely be very unpopular, it will likely break the power of religious minorities to ignore the word of God.
End Army Factionalism
Too long has our military been divided along political lines, over ideological squabbles over Piłsudski's \
The Monoidea
Years of corruption by the market and western notions has led to a general fouling of the Catholic and pure nature of our people. Germans and Russians have managed to convince them that they are somehow different from each other. We must take steps to purge these thoughts, reinstating the brotherhood of all Christians, before the foreign elements of our nation are able to exploit these schisms and completely overpower us.
Hijack the Endecja
For our movement to succeed, our best strategy is to appeal to National Democracy's core. By stressing the importance of Catholicism and traditional values, we can sway their supporters behind our cause.
Convert $social_conservative_coloured$ and $national_populist_coloured$ popularity into $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity.
Convert $social_conservative_coloured$ and $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity into $national_populist_coloured$ popularity.
Convert $social_conservative_coloured$, $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ and $national_populist_coloured$ popularity into your ruling ideology.
Moral Planning of Society
Many forget that societies are based on the behaviour of those within them, and in the eyes of many, the answers as to what \
Land For All
The peasant family is the cornerstone of the Christian nation: without them there would be nothing. Every family should have their own plot of land, and their own means of subsistence, without being dependent on the whims of a land-owner or an industry capitalist.
National Distributism
The philosophy of distributism is a major lever against socialism, allowing us to provide the broadest level of prosperity while not destroying the things that keep our nation holy. By implementing these principles of industrial decentralisation and cooperatives, which would prevent the exploitative practices of Socialism or Capitalism damaging our nation in the future, Workers in the future will work together as human beings, not as members of some class.
Small-Scale Production
As an example of economic decentralisation, we must strike at the mining industry. Too long the mines have profited only the small amount of capitalist elite. Every village will be encouraged to smelt the metals for their own tools, as part of great reclamation of work from the capitalists and socialists.
Unity of the Western Slavs
While the Western Slavs are often a disparate people, who we have admittedly had strong disagreements with in the past, we are still related to some degree or another. It is because of this that calls are increasing to formalise our unity with other Slavic nations, showing that while we may frequently have our disagreements, we will always resist those who attempt to confiscate the liberty of us all.
Towards the Great Nation
The reforms begun by our government are only the beginning, paving the way for our nation and its morals to rise as a beacon to other Christian states, proving that existing in the modern world does not require abandoning your god or your morality to bring about prosperity. We can only hope other nations will soon see the light as we have, as we are currently the only cutting edge of the Christian movement worldwide.
Total Catholicism
Ultimately Poland will be organised according to Catholic principles and Catholic principles only. This total form of national Catholicism was referred to as \
Rebirth of the Polish Fleet
Now that our nation has finally reconnected with the sea, we must make sure to defend our access to it. The established naval powers are likely to try and domineer us if we do not act quickly, and so proposals have been created for the creation of a Polish Navy - our first real naval force since the 17th century. While our initial ships and officers are unlikely to change the world, they will be the first steps for a new branch of the Polish armed forces with a lot to prove.
Grand Shipyard of Gdańsk
The port of Gdańsk was a major centre during German rule, and will likely continue to remain so now that it has been liberated. With our nascent fleet still in great need of more ships, there will be significant opportunities for the shipyards of the city to expand further, turning it into not just the principal port for Poland, but also a major entrepot for the entire Baltic - facilitating significant trade thanks to its river connections with the rest of Eastern Europe.
Maritime and Colonial League
The birth of modern global economies means that accessing vital resources often depends on being able to cross vast oceans. In order to manage all seaborne trade back to our shores, we will create a proper merchant navy, which will ensure that our industry gets whatever products and resources from overseas that it may need.
Establishment of the Admiralty
While the first forays of the navy in safeguarding our maritime area have been broadly decent, relying on this approach in the future will make our navy an inefficient laughing stock. Like virtually all naval forces in the world, we will establish an admiralty to concentrate our naval talent, and plan how to properly allocate naval forces. This should hopefully allow us to function better as a united force rather than as a collection of ships.
Ship Acquisitions
What we need is raw numbers, and we needed them yesterday. We can solve this problem by looking to purchase surplus vessels from abroad which have outlived their usefulness for their former users. Many of these vessels can still somewhat compete however, and with a little bit of renovation and refitting, we will have ourselves a reasonably competent naval force for the moment, which matters far more than having the most modern ships at sea in the future.
Protect the Baltic
Unlike many other nations, we are somewhat lucky to be positioned on the Baltic - a sea which provides fewer advantages to the giant naval forces which dominate the oceans. In this inland sea, skirmish forces can prove very effective at harassing and driving off larger forces. This has led to proponents of a surface fleet pushing for the creation of a force of destroyers and minelayers, which would make any capital force wary of getting too close to our shores.
Hunt and Harass
Unlike many other nations, we are somewhat lucky to be positioned on the Baltic - a sea which provides fewer advantages to the giant naval forces which dominate the oceans. The few ways to escape from this sea make it perfect for using raiders and submarines, which can trap and annihilate unsuspecting forces. This line of thought is espoused by proponents of a more proactive naval stance, which will actively attack those foolish enough to try and sail their vessels on the Polish lake.
Marriage to the Sea
As our fleet continues to flourish, many have brought up the old idea of a \
Professional Army
Poland's army is based on the Polish Legions and the Polish Auxiliary Force that were formed under Austro-German command during the war. \
Polarised Society
Polish society is currently starkly divided. The last two decades have created bitter rifts between supporters and opponents of the King, as well as the larger debate about Germany's true place in Poland. On the fringes of politics, socialists and nationalists fiercely oppose each other, despite the ever-present threat of German domination. This is reflected everywhere - entrepreneurs and landowners covertly lend their support to pro- or anti-German societies, while unions everywhere stoke pro-socialist tensions, with strikes regularly forming and being disbanded by the military police.
Lingering German Control
The Germans have control of a very small portion of the Polish economy.
Slight German Control
German companies have managed to exploit a small portion of the Polish economy.
Moderate German Control
German companies have managed to exploit a moderate portion of the Polish economy.
Strong German Control
German companies have managed to exploit a large portion of the Polish economy.
German Economic Control
The Germans effectively control most of the Polish economy.
Lingering Austrian Control
Austro-Hungarian businesses have a small portion of the Polish economy under their control.
Slight Austrian Control
The Austro-Hungarians have a portion of the Polish economy under their control.
Moderate Austrian Control
The Austro-Hungarians have a sizable portion of the Polish economy under their control.
Strong Austrian Control
The Austro-Hungarians have an extensive portion of the Polish economy under their control.
Austrian Economic Control
Austro-Hungarian corporations effectively control most of the Polish economy.
German-Polish Economic Integration
German-Polish Economic Cooperation
Austro-German Condominium
Austro-Polish Economic Cooperation
Austro-Polish Economic Zone
Independent Economy
Those Left Behind
Polish society struggles with many problems - poverty, wealth inequality, illiteracy - but its biggest problem is the very land it sits on. Poland's land ownership is vastly uneven - a number of very large estates have survived Russian domination and control the agricultural market, while tens - perhaps hundreds - of thousands of small family farms remain impoverished. Limited land reform has been tried, failing to produce results, largely due to government indecision and lack of funds. The population boom of the last decade has only exacerbated the issues further, bringing them closer and closer to a breaking point.
Coalition Shattered
Widespread strikes!
Minor strikes!
Sejm Dismissed
Ukrainian Military Organisation
Martial Law
Independent Dwójka
Expanded Military Intelligence
German Counter-Intelligence
The Great Peasant Strike
Refugees from the General-Governorate
Decimated Underground
Weakened Underground
Active Underground
Central Industrial Region
Trade Hub of the Mitteleurope
Rural Literacy Campaigns
Increased Electricity Production
Agriculture of Great Estates
Modernised Agriculture
Nation of Small Farms
20th Century Cavalry Tactics
Industrial Mobilisation
German-Polish Defence Cooperation
Polnische Wehrmacht
People's Army
The Art of Deep Operation
Legacy of the Legions
National Defence Fund
Coastal Defence Fleet
Raider Fleet
Polish Shipbuilding Contract
Safeguarding Polish Liberty
Control by the Geheimrat
Authoritarian Wartime Measures
Endemic Draft Dodging
Political Instability
Political Instability
National Healthcare
Labour Reform
Agricultural Reform
Common People's [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
State Secularism
Liberal Reforms
Tolerant and Secular [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
Slow Path to Secularism
Resistance to Secularism
Waning Resistance to Secularism
Corporatism
State Catholicism
[POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap] of Morals
The Polish Shogunate
Towards Great Nation
Decentralisation of the Industry
Nationalist Military Education
Rydz-Śmigły's Regiment
The Factory Tax
Worker's Industry Management
Emigration of Minorities
Resistance in Białystok
Chaotic Uprising
The nation is in flames. Some of the units disloyal to the new government have mutineed, while many true Poles have organised ad hoc fighting forces and militias all around the nation. In many parts of the nation the administration and the logistical systems have broken down as the perceived enemies of the state have fled. Some regions are outright refusing to obey us, and are waging their own insurrection. Everything is in flames, but it is the flames that shall bring rise to the new Poland, eternally free.
Organised Insurrection
The Provisional Government has finally tightened its grip over the uprising, and most of the nation recognises our authority. There are still monarchist cells acting against us, but they are becoming increasingly insignificant. The organisation of the state and the army are still in great turmoil, but the elite core of our army has been very efficient at training all of the newly-recruited patriots to become a proper fighting force.
War of Liberation
Poland is united in our common struggle against the Prussian tyrant and those who would wish to enslave and destroy our dear nation. Most of the nation recognises the authority of [POL.GetLeader] and his leadership over the uprising. Thanks to our brilliant officer corps, the army has all but recovered from the chaotic initial uprising, and the mutineers have been replaced with newly-trained bold souls.
Defections and Desertions
Not everyone sees our takeover as just or desirable. Despite our best attempts to convince them, many units have refused to take orders from \
Order of the Knights of Law
Crescendo of Blood
Suppressing the Social Reactionaries
Revolutionary Factionalism
Nationalist Infighting
Syndicalist War Economy
$POL_uprising_crash1$
Privatisation of War Economy
$POL_uprising_crash3$
Every Town Independent
$POL_uprising_crash5$
Recovering Civilian Economy
Revolutionary Republic
Moral Syndicalism
Trade Union Democracy
Cooperative Socialism
Central Industrial Syndicate
Decentralised Economic Planning
Eternal Polish Revolution
Phalanstère Aid Programme
Stability of the [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
[POL_stability_nation]
Despite the appearance of stability, Poland is a restless nation. Many groups resent King [POL.GetLeader] and his government, and Polish politics are hotly contested by four distinct movements, each with their own vision for the country.\n\nThe §SRepublicans§!, the most moderate anti-monarchists, seek the establishment of a democratic republic free of German dominance. They can be appeased through parliamentarism and the enactment of liberal policies, while authoritarianism will radicalise them further. Politically, they are aligned with the §lPSL§! and §SPPS§!, making up the \
The revolution did not satisfy everyone. The Centrolew alliance stands victorious and the monarchists are firmly routed, but challenges persist from both sides of the political spectrum.\n\nThe §tSocialists§! claim that the bourgeois revolution did not go far enough, that it merely changed one oppressor for another. However, many of their supporters can still be appeased with social democratic policies.\n\nOn the other hand, the §nNationalists§! are the greatest opposition to our new republic. Anti-socialist and anti-liberal, they see the republic as morally corrupt and dangerously weak. They will always remain a threat to us, but some of their supporters might be satisfied with policies favouring the peasantry.\n\n§SRepublican§! support: [?POL_rep_influence|S0%%]\n§tSocialist§! support: [?POL_soc_influence|t0%%]\n§nNationalist§! support: [?POL_nat_influence|n0%%]
The national republic does not satisfy everyone. While the monarchists are now a spent force, forces on the left continue to vigorously oppose the government.\n\nThe former §SRepublicans§!, or rather the Centrolew, claim that we are not a true democracy, and vow to fight against the perceived oppression. While we will inevitably have to defeat them by force, maintaining elements of the parliamentary system may take the wind from their sails.\n\nMeanwhile, the §tSocialists§! are possibly even more bold than in the past, as their arch-enemies now sit in the government. A firm crackdown is necessary to contain them - however, smoothing over the fault lines of class division will likely deprive them of support as well.\n\n§nNationalist§! support: [?POL_nat_influence|n0%%]\n§SRepublican§! support: [?POL_rep_influence|S0%%]\n§tSocialist§! support: [?POL_soc_influence|t0%%]
§GLandslide§!
§YSlim Majority§!
§OMinor Defeat§!
§RMajor Defeat§!
The nationalists are §Rnot supporting§! the king's government. [POL_circle_chance]
The nationalists are §Gsupporting§! the king's government. [POL_circle_chance]
Curtail the Royal Veto
Dubois leads the PPS
§MMonarchy§!£crown  popularity: [?POL_influence_change|=+0]
§SThis will strengthen the Republicans.§!
§nThis will strengthen the Nationalists.§!
§tThis will strengthen the Socialists.§!
§aThis will weaken the Republicans.§!
§aThis will weaken the Nationalists.§!
§aThis will weaken the Socialists.§!
§aThis will allow us to subvert Republican influence.§!
§aThis will allow us to subvert Socialist influence.§!
§aThis will allow us to subvert Nationalist influence.§!
§MThis will allow us to strengthen the Monarchy§!
§GHalves§! how often the §YRevolutionary Mood Spreading§! mission fires.
§GHalves§! how often the §YAnti-German Agitation§! mission fires.
Allows the §YRevolutionary Mood Spreading§! mission to be disabled.
Allows the §YAnti-German Agitation§! mission to be disabled.
Aristocratic Charity
The wealthy and noble citizens of Poland have access to many riches, and can surrender a tiny part of them to be distributed to the poor through highly publicised charities - which will get the people to know that the aristocracy will bring benefits to all, not only to the Germans or any revolutionaries.
Endorse Constitutionalist Intellectuals
To gain support among the population, we should fund a few of Poland's numerous political thinkers to publish treatises about the importance of monarchy in Poland, and the need of constitutionalist reforms to reduce the power of unelected, shadowy forces such as the Privy Council.
Lease Royal Estates
The Polish Crown holds a lot of land across the Kingdom, inherited from Tsarist era estates and folwarks. We can convince the King to lease some of it to agribusinesses and local farmers, all while greasing a few palms to let them know that it was thanks to our support.
Start a Royal Tour
The Polish people need to learn that their King and the German staff around him are nothing to fear, and should be served. We will start a propagandised, nationwide royal tour in order to get this image across.
Rally the Monarchists
The Interpartisan Circle is the only thing securing our stable and secure relationship with our much greater neighbours. We must strive for the unity of our party - and with it, unity of the monarchy.
Loyalist Army Commissions
We can pressure August IV to give army commissions to our loyalists in the Polish army, raising their rank and removing their more nationalist peers from key positions.
Commission New Industrial Zone
Tapping the industrialists in the Privy Council, we can start up a new industrial zone in Poland. This investment will create jobs for industrial workers and be heavily propagandised as the fruit of Polish-German friendship.
Inequality of the Countryside
The primary problem of Polish land use is two-fold: either the land is owned by great magnates whose domains stretch for thousands of acres, leading to inefficient land use and unemployment, or the farms are too small to compete against more efficient foreign agriculture. The past governments have been slow to change the status quo, in no small part because of the lobbying by the landowners. The ever-growing social issue of the landless peasantry and worsening agricultural efficiency has forced us to finally seek radical solutions.
Unreformed Areas
Redistribute Land
Completion of the Reforms
Modernised Land Usage
We will start §Greforming§! land usage.
Our current land reform becomes more radical.
§Y$POL_redistribute_land$§! is currently active in another state
More limited reform will be easier to achieve, but it will naturally be less efficient.
Thorough land reform will require much more work, it will also be more efficient.
Radical Land Reforms
Construct Agricultural Infrastructure
Rural Credit Programme
Completed Construct Agricultural Infrastructure
K.O.N.
After the so-called \
There is an ongoing investigation.
Investigate the Unions
Investigate the Bund
Investigate the Officer Corps
Investigate the Church Administration
Investigate the Polish Socialist Party
Investigate the People's Party
Investigate the ChZJN
Compose the Final Report
§cYou will gain National Spirit depending on how thorough your investigations were.§!
§gAll investigations will cost 10£GFX_pol_power less.§!
§gAll investigations will cost 20£GFX_pol_power less.§!
§gAll investigations will cost 30£GFX_pol_power less.§!
Black Monday
The collapse of the Berlin Stock Market in Germany has had similarly catastrophic effects in Poland. All across the country, German businesses have left or gone bankrupt, while our nascent industrial sector has been completely stalled. It shall take time and considerable effort to resolve this crisis.
Public Work Programmes
Cooperative Subsidies
Slash the Tariffs
By removing the barriers of trade and reducing the bureaucracy needed for foreign companies to operate in Poland, we are securing extra investment.
Subsidise Polish Companies
In times like these, free markets only serve the rich. The state must support critical industries, and harbour them from foreign competitors.
Renegotiate the Economic Treaties
Poland and its neighbours will negotiate an agreement to stabilise the stormy economic situation of the Kingdom, turning the §Rnegative national spirits§! into one that is §Gmutually beneficial, depending on Polish, German and Austrian economic influence.§!\nThe more independent the Polish economy is, the less it is harmed, in case it is severed from the rest of Mitteleuropa.
Decisions regarding Black Monday will now be §Gcheaper§!.
Decisions regarding Black Monday will now be §Rmore expensive.§!
§CIf we gain control over §YKraków§!, the following decision will become available:§!
§CIf we gain control over §YLwów§!, the following decision will become available:§!
The Polish Economy
Poland is a large consumer market with plentiful labour. This makes the country desirable for the German and Austro-Czech businesses. Free trade arrangements with them have brought Poland prosperity, but also rising inequality and reduced control over their economy.\n\n§YIn addition to the direct effects, having control of less than 50% of its economy will have consequences for Poland, should they rise up against Germany.§!
[?POL.POL_GER_influence|0H]§Y%§!
[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag] has [?POL.POL_GER_influence|0]% §YEconomic Influence§!\n
[?POL.POL_AUS_influence|0H]§Y%§!
[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag] has [?POL.POL_AUS_influence|0]% §YEconomic Influence§!\n
[?POL.POL_influence|0H]§Y%§!
[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag] has [?POL.POL_influence|0]% §YEconomic Influence§!\n
[ROOT.GetFlag] §Y5%§!
[ROOT.GetFlag] §R5%§!
It costs $pol_eco_texticon_blocked$ Economic Influence to take this decision.
[GER.GetFlag] §Y5%§!
[GER.GetFlag] §R5%§!
It costs $pol_ger_eco_texticon_blocked$ Economic Influence to take this decision.
[GER.GetFlag] §Y10%§!
[GER.GetFlag] §R10%§!
It costs $pol_ger_eco_texticon_ten_blocked$ Economic Influence to take this decision.
[AUS.GetFlag] §Y5%§!
[AUS.GetFlag] §R5%§!
It costs $pol_aus_eco_texticon_blocked$ Economic Influence to take this decision.
[AUS.GetFlag] §Y10%§!
[AUS.GetFlag] §R10%§!
It costs $pol_aus_eco_texticon_ten_blocked$ Economic Influence to take this decision.
@AUS Austrian influence will change by [?POL_influence_change|=Y0%%]\n
@GER German influence will change by [?POL_influence_change|=Y0%%]\n
@POL Polish influence will change by [?POL_influence_change|=Y0%%]\n
 @POLPoland controls at least [?POL_influence_check|H0%%] of the economy.
@POL Poland controls less than [?POL_influence_check|H0%%] of the economy.
@GER Germany controls at least [?POL_GER_influence_check|H0%%] of the Polish economy.
@AUS Austria controls at least [?POL_AUS_influence_check|H0%%] of the Polish economy.
We can fund our recovery with loans from German and Austrian banks, tying our recovery firmly to theirs.
We can fund our recovery through an etatist fiscal policy and by increasing our own money reserve, but it is bound to be a slow process.
Acquire @GER @AUS Foreign-Owned Assets
Seek [From.GetAdjective] Investors
Invite German @GER Industrial Advisors
Invite Danubian @AUS Industrial Advisors
Secure [From.GetAdjective] Loans
Stabilise the Zloty
Exploit the Świętokrzyskie Range
Expand Dąbrowa Basin
The Bogdanka Coal Field
Formation of Polmin
Crossroads of Europe
Warszawa to Łódź
Łódź to Kalisz
Connect to Poznań
The Northern Railroad
Connect to Gdańsk
Warszawa to Kielce
The Silesian Route
Connect to Kraków
Connect into the Czech Network
Cross the Carpathians
Cross the Vistula
Connect to Białystok
Into the Baltic
Road to Riga
Lublin to Chełm
Connect to Lwów
To Brest and Beyond
The Warsaw-[202.GetName] Route
Around the Marshes
Crossroads of Europe
Austrian Interests in Poland
Despite the border, Poland has been closely integrated with the markets of Galicia-Lodomeria and the Habsburg realm in general. These markets are our best weapon to counteract German influence with the Poles.\n\n\n[POL_GER_polish_loyalty]
Predicted election outcome for the Pro-Austrian opposition: [POL_centrolew_chance]
Acquire Polish Shares
Sell Polish Holdings
Siphon Funds to LPP
The main vessel for our interests in Warsaw is Liga Państwowości Polskiej, the League of Polish Statehood. The party advocates for what they call the Austro-Polish solution - union between two Polands under the protection of the Habsburg Monarchy. We were robbed of this in 1919, but there is still considerable support for it among the northern Kingdom under the Prussian boot.
Divert Agricultural Goods
The Second Four-Year Plan
Completion of the Second Four-Year Plan
Support Łódź Textile Industry
Develop The Auto Industry
Refurbish the Old Polish Industrial Region
Improve Urban Infrastructure
New Towns Act
Build Cheap Housing
Levee Construction
Renovate the Warszawa Glowna Rail Hub
Build Starachowice Artillery Factory
Build Radom Arms Factory
Build Skarżysko Munitions Factory
Build Dąbrowa Munitions Factory
Build Jawidz Munitions Factory
Reopen the Central Aviation Workshops
Build Aircraft Factories in Lublin
Expand the Podlasie Aircraft Factory
Modernise the Kraków Industrial Region
Organise Mass Protests
The people of Poland have been betrayed. The usurper on the throne has robbed the rightful government out of power - but the fight is not over, even if the tyrants might pretend so. We must gather our supporters and rally true Poles to fight against this disgrace of a government. We shall never rest until power is ours!
Revolutionary Mood Spreading
Ever since the election, socialist agitation has never really ended. Underground publications are found constantly, and claims of government corruption and inability to improve people's livelihoods is giving strength to their propaganda. As long as there is a malcontent base for the agitation, there is risk of widespread strikes - or Heaven forbid - a revolution.
Negotiations with the Socialists
Even if hope of finding common ground is slim, at least inviting the socialists to the negotiating table will pause their activities to undermine the state.
§[POL_ruling_party]The threat of a revolution has passed, and a socialist uprising will no longer be possible.§!
Anti-German Agitation
The recent elections saw a surge in radicalisation, as many in the countryside felt betrayed again. The revelations of the Kraków documents gave us some insight into just how deep the Endecja's connections are to our nation's elite, and many fear that further discontent might turn into an open move against [POL.GetLeader].
Negotiations with the National Democrats
Even if hope of finding common ground is slim, at least inviting the nationalists to the negotiating table will pause their activities to undermine the state.
§[POL_ruling_party]The threat of a coup has passed, and a nationalist uprising will no longer be possible.§!
§tWhile at war with the Internationale, the unrest will turn into a revolution when both\n1) Socialist support is at least 25%\n2) the Internationale has crossed the Rhine, or Socialist support is over 50%§!
§tWhile at war with the Internationale, the unrest will turn into a revolution when both\n1) Socialist support is at least 25%\n2) the Internationale has crossed the Rhine, the Eastern front of the Reichspakt has faltered, or Socialist support is over 50%§!
§tThe revolution will begin!§!
§nWhile at war, after the start of the Weltkrieg, the unrest will turn into an uprising when both\n1) Nationalist support is at least 25%\n2) the Eastern front of the Reichspakt has faltered, or Nationalist support is over 50%§!
§nThe uprising will begin!§!
Operation Parasol
Over twenty years ago, Józef Piłsudski awarded his most ardent followers the Officer's Badges of the Riflemen's Association, commemorating their graduation from the secret officer's school. Now the covert operation to finally bring Piłsudski's work to completion bears the same name. The struggle that began in Lviv in 1910 is finally nearing its end - and it can only be the total annihilation or total liberation of the Polish nation.
Reach the Sea
Align with Moscow
Align with [BPL.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Align with [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Align with [INT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
§MMonarchists§! are more popular than §SRepublicans§!
§MMonarchists§! are more popular than §tSocialists§!
§MMonarchists§! are more popular than §nNationalists§!
§SRepublicans§! are more popular than §nNationalists§!
§SRepublicans§! are more popular than §tSocialists§!
§nNationalists§! are more popular than §tSocialists§!
§nNationalist§! support is over §n50%§!
§nNationalist§! support is below §n5%§!
§tSocialist§! support is below §t5%§!
Turn towards @INT [INT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
The war is lost. Germany has fallen, and her empire is in ruins. There's little interest in Poland to continue the lost war, and some diplomatic overtures have been made to [INT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] for a truce - even if it may mean betraying our democratic principles.
War Reparations
Turn towards @RUS Moscow
The war is lost. Germany has fallen, and her empire is in ruins. There's little interest in Poland to continue the lost war, and some diplomatic overtures have been made to Moscow for a truce - though the Russians surely won't make peace without a price.
War Reparations
The Dream of Liberty and Progress
Found the Intermarium
After taking the fate into our own hands, we are finally in position to found alliance of our own, democratic and pure from imperialism.
Has completed the Centrolew reforms.
A §nNationalist§! coup attempt has been stopped.
The National Republic
Disgruntled Generals
Adam Doboszyński is a loose cannon with no military experience. He is not fit or capable for superior leadership in times of war. The army will not let the uprising fall and doom all of Poland for one man's ambition.
Old Endecja Revolt
Adam Doboszyński is a dangerous radical. He does not stand for traditional values; he would rather tear down the entirety of old Poland, and build his own, personal tyranny from the smoking ruins. Any God-fearing Pole cannot let him succeed.
Stall for Time
Adds §Y40§! days to the §COld Endecja Revolt§! timer.
Polish-[FROM.GetAdjective] Union
Alliance with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Declaration of the Slavic Union
Enable decisions to integrate @LIT @CZE @SLO @UKR @BLR to the greater West Slavic Union.
§RThis might provoke war with Russia or even the Internationale!§!
Cult of the First Marshal
Edward Rydz-Śmigły's clique of officers have carried the legacy of Józef Piłsudski for decades, trying to emulate him in all things. After Piłsudski's passing, as the man who kept the conspiracy alive, Rydz-Śmigły became his natural successor. And now, with supreme control over the Polish nation, Rydz-Śmigły is finally in position to craft a free and independent Poland in his own image.
Tour the Frontlines
Piłsudski led from the front, meeting his subordinates personally in the most dangerous circumstances. Even as the supreme leader of the nation, Rydz-Śmigły can dedicate time to visit the frontlines, and to build up his reputation among the troops.
Marshal's Postage Stamps
Some may call it tasteless self-aggrandisement, but a good leader understands that the citizens must be constantly reminded of the man who is only ever thinking of their well-being.
Śmigły's Town
To commemorate Poland's re-acquisition of Chełm, the small village of Leonów near the city will be renamed into Śmigłowo, in honour of the Chief of State. This village marks the first temporary barracks made by the Polish troops who moved into Chełm in the autumn of 1918.
Patron Schools
Our children are the future, and they must learn from an early age to be true patriots, whose greatest ideal is the First Marshal himself.
Re-establish the Legions
The First Uhlans Regiment of Polish Legions \
The Syndicalist Republic
The Polish Revolutionary Republic arose from the darkness under leadership of Chief of State Kazimierz Zakrzewski. The only unifying cause for the various factions in the republic is threat of foreign and domestic enemies, who would gladly see Poland in chains once again. No more!
Consolidate the Chairmanship
Zakrzewski has seized power, but it is only the first round. Behind his back, the anarchists and others lacking zeal are plotting to overthrow him, and go back to the failures of all the earlier uprisings. But this time will be different; this time the revolution shall go through.
Reform the ZZZ
The ZZZ has become a bureaucratic, elitist organ where union leadership debate endlessly over the most fruitless issues. To ensure the power of the people, the union elites must be defanged, and the unions must return to their original purpose: to serve the people, not rule over them.
Centralise the Paramilitaries
During the revolution, many groups we have considered our \
Propaganda Campaigns
By taking control of major newspapers and turning them into our spokesmen, we can ensure that our voice is heard more loudly - as it should be.
Compromise with the PPS
The moderate socialists have demanded the Red Guards restricted and controlled, increased democracy and more open publishing. If we wish, we can find common ground with them, and hopefully get their support for the new socialist Poland.
Compromise with the PSL
The peasant spokesmen have demanded the republic to honour its promises to the farmers: increased state support, no land seizures, additional land for small farms and the landless, treating the countryside villages as cooperatives. If we can win their gratefulness, the peasantry will support our new state.
Found the Commonwealth
Found the Central European Confederation
Eastern Autonomies
The Western Slavs
Military Cooperation
The Chełm Line
The Ostrołęka Line
Plan Wschód
Our eastern allies have fallen, and soon Poland itself will be invaded. While we still have time, we must prepare our eastern border to stop the Russian juggernaut.
French Military Mission
British Engineering Aid
Arrange Military Exercises
£rifle_texticon §Y750§! £support_texticon §Y100§!
£rifle_texticon §R750§! £support_texticon §R100§!
More equipment is necessary
Territorial Expansion and Integration
Ultimatum to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Claim [From.GetName]
Increases the cost of further claims by §R8§!
Unlocks decisions to §Yestablish claims§! in occupied Russian territory. You will get a national spirit based on the scale of your claims.
§CFor Ukraine and Belarus to join the Commonwealth, claims must be established either through decisions or forceful annexation.§!
Owns at least 25 states
§RThe Exceptional Individual focus branch will be blocked.§!
Nationalisation of Economy
Organising Workers' Economy
Russia is not backing the National Democrats!
Modify §YNational Engineering Works§! by\n§Y$EQUIPMENT_ARMOR$§!: Max Speed: [?0.1|+=%0]\n§YMotorised§!: Max Speed: [?0.1|+=%0]
Modify §YNational Engineering Works§! by\n§Y$EQUIPMENT_ARMOR$§!: Armour: [?0.1|+=%0]
Poland refused foreign trade exports.
The Circle is in power.
The Centrolew is in power.
§YThis path requires Germany to be distracted by a major war.§!
Does not have an ongoing military exercise.
The effect scales with @POL economic influence.
Slavic Union Signatory
§RThis path is blocked if Russia is Socialist.§!
§gWill create wargoals against non-democratic neighbours if they are not in a faction with Poland.§!
Is the §Y$POL_gengov$§!
Is not the §Y$POL_gengov$§!
The Act of November 5th may have put a Polish state on the map for the first time in more than a hundred years, but not all is well. Though benefitting from a stable and growing economy in its early years, the death of Piłsudski in 1935 put the unpopularity of August IV on full display, with republican, nationalist and socialist forces agitating against his government.\n\nAs the clouds gather in Europe and German hegemony seemingly begins to fade, few know what is in store for August IV's kingdom...
GFX_POL_intro
The Kingdom of Poland
Two decades ago, thousands of Poles fought and died for the Central Powers. This stormy cooperation with two of the three former partitioning powers led to the creation of the Kingdom of Poland, a nation which was a compromise from the beginning, carved out of former Russian territory. The hoped unification with Austrian Poland was denied early on, as Germany sought to wrest Poland from the Austrians and ensure free rein over the so-called \
The Chessboard of Two Kaisers
Poland is much less under German influence than it may seem at first glance - even though the King is Wilhelm II's son, there is little love shared between them. August IV, a lover of arts and culture, has left much of the ruling to his government and his Geheimrat, composed of German, Austrian and Polish men of great importance, such as industrial magnates and military personnel. It is this council where, in seeking the King's favour, a game of political intrigue is played. The most influential voice for now belongs to Wolfgang von Kries, a military man of great experience and an often-seen ensurer of German military interests in Poland.\n\nVon Kries heads the German Military Mission to Poland, tasked with the oversight and training of the Polish army. It has become very much a project of Heinz Guderian, who has been slowly moulding the Polish army into his vision of a modern, mechanised elite force. Germany also owns the KKWiP, the state railway company, securing its connection to the Oststaaten further in the East.\n\nThe Poles have constantly relied on Austrian support in keeping the Germans at arm's length. The Danubian states have a visible influence in Polish public life, with the szlachta's connections to Austrian aristocracy, Czech investments in Polish industry and the pro-Austrian rhetoric of many of the liberal politicians. It is no secret that Austria actively seeks to strengthen its position in Poland, and many Poles believe it will finally rid them of an overbearing Germany. Berlin, however, remains wary, as Poland's strategic location between them and the East is a matter of national security.
The Republican Movement
The so-called Polish republican movement is composed from left- and centre-liberal radicals, generally aligned to the opposition \
The Revolutionary Committee
The Polish Socialist Party was the vanguard of the struggle of Polish liberation in 1905 and later during the Weltkrieg, uniting many of Piłsudski's colleagues under their revolutionary paramilitary organisations. Even though the party still hosts a radical, revolutionary wing, its leadership has walked the moderate path and wields considerable influence in the Sejm. However, within its unofficial sphere, many syndicalist trade unions and left-wing paramilitaries thrive.\n\nThe revolutionary movement is no doubt directed mainly from Paris, where many of the Polish syndicalists and anarchists have escaped under the wing of the so-called \
The National Committee
The Polish National Committee, formed by the Entente as their puppet government for Poland during the Weltkrieg, has not given us peace even after all these years. Their leader, Roman Dmowski, is himself in exile in Moscow, but still holds enormous sway over the Polish right. Even now while his National Democrats are pushed to the political fringe, it is no secret that many still feel loyalty towards him.\n\nThe far-right can be broadly divided into two factions - the conservative nationalists, who are willing to begrudgingly work with us, but would not hesitate to stab us in the back if it meant complete independence for Poland - and the radical nationalists such as ONR.\n\nThese ultranationalists are responsible for dozens of attacks against our government and their political enemies, taking their tactics from the eastern savages like Codreanu and Savinkov. They are vehemently anti-German, anti-Semitic, anti-establishment and beyond redemption. However, the more moderate nationalists can be satisfied, as long as our policies prove that we are not sacrificing Poland's Catholic, conservative nature to the whims of the socialists and the liberals.
§MKingdom - MKP§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1938 election, have over 50% combined monarchist and nationalist support with monarchists being higher than nationalists.\n\n§MKingdom - MKP-SP§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1938 election, appoint Studnicki.\n£white_dot Ensure that mass protests do not organise after the election.\n\n§MKingdom - Chjena§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1938 election, have over 50% combined monarchist and nationalist support with nationalists being higher than monarchists.\n\n§MRepublic - PPS / PSL§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1938 election, have over 50% combined republican and socialist support and appoint either above party.\n£white_dot Have the government dismissed by taking the focus Shackle the Senate or Curtail the Geheimrat\nWait for the Organise Mass Protests mission to time out, and do not send in Guderian to secure the capital.\n\n§MRepublic - Chjena§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Either:\n£white_dot As Social Liberal or Social Democrat republic, pass Secularisation while nationalist support is higher than republican.\n£white_dot In the national populist uprising, fail the mission to control the Sejm.\n\n§MNationalists - OZN§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot As a Social Conservative monarchy or republic, start Operation Parasol during the Weltkrieg.\n\n§MSocialists - ZSP and SZW / PPS - L§! ($syndicalist_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have over 50% socialist support during the Weltkrieg, and the mission Revolutionary Mood Spreading will turn into an uprising.\n£white_dot Don't give Zakrzewski emergency powers.\n\n§MSocialists - ZSP Radicals§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but give Zakrzewski emergency powers and keep them.\n\n§MNationalists - ON§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have over 50% nationalist support during the Weltkrieg as a non-Social Conservative Poland, and the mission Anti-German Agitation will turn into an uprising.\n£white_dot Do not fail the consolidation missions.
King August Addresses the Sejm
Normally preferring to avoid involving himself in the day-to-day politics of the Kingdom, it came as a surprise when August IV, King by God's Grace, expressed his wish to address the Chamber of Deputies of the Sejm directly.\n\nToday, the King spoke in front of the 128 Deputies on the crisis currently engulfing the nation. His demeanour was calm and compromising, as he spoke of his responsibility to do his best for the well-being of all Poland. With unemployment skyrocketing and political violence surging to heights unseen in two decades, His Majesty's responsibility is to decide which path to follow.\n\nAugust's words seek compromise and non-partisanship, but many feel like they hold a veiled threat: either the elected government handles the crisis, or failing that, the King may turn to the less democratic means often pushed by his German advisors. Regardless of their loyalties, something everyone can agree with is the core of the King's speech - drastic measures must be taken.
Onwards!
The Future of the Geheimrat
The King's Privy Council, called the Geheimrat in the German tradition, has come to wield considerable influence in the Kingdom, primarily because of one reason: the King listens to his councillors and is ready to act on their advice. There has always been a competition over the much-desired seats in his council, with important men vying for the chance of getting the King's ear. For a long time, August's most trusted advisor has been venerated General von Kries, who has been a staunch supporter of deep cooperation with Germany and the Heer.\n\nThe current crisis has caused many of the councillors to be questioned, and the King is expected to appoint new men in their position - ones who can truly guide the nation through the crisis, a job the old council proved inadequate to do.
A good relationship with Germany is of upmost importance.
Appointing more Austrians would give us a longer leash.
Appointing more Polish nobles would buy the szlachta's support.
The 24th Congress of the Polish Socialist Party
The Polish Socialist Party convened today in the old fortress city of Radom to elect number of new delegates into the Central Workers' Committee, which makes up the party's leadership. Many feel that the choice of city is highly symbolic, with the date nearing the 75th anniversary of the January Uprising, reminding everyone of how long the city had stood against the Tsarist armies. One can quickly notice the increased police presence in the streets of the well-preserved Medieval city centre, as the members of the PPS gather together from all around the Kingdom.\n\nSome old delegates, such as Mieczysław Niedziałkowski, one of the men behind building the Centrolew alliance, have announced their retirement from political life. Under his guidance, the PPS's direction has been towards moderation and reformism, seeing the united opposition front as the best method of influence. There are two men generally seen as his successors - another moderate Centrolew politician, Norbert Barlicki, and Niedziałkowski's personal friend and Barlicki's protégé, the more radical Stanisław Dubois.\n\nThe right wing of the party, wishing deepened ties with the PSL, has thrown their support behind Barlicki's faction, who is also a former PSL member. However, there is an ever-growing left wing feeling that the party leadership has betrayed their supporters by restricting \
Keep the current course.
The left wing of the party takes power.
Moderate §YNorbert Barlicki§! will take control of the PPS.
Moderate §YNorbert Barlicki§!, supported by Austria, will take control of the PPS.
Radical §RStanisław Dubois§! will take control of the PPS.
Radical §RStanisław Dubois§!, supported by France, will take control of the PPS.
Piłsudski's Legacy
One year ago Józef Piłsudski died in Warsaw, having spent his last decades in retirement and unofficial house arrest. Thousands of people have gathered today to pay homage to the idolised Polish patriot, visiting his grave, and those of many other fallen heroes of Poland's war of liberation. While pro-German elements and the King himself prefer to paint the national hero first and foremost as the leader of anti-Russian struggle, it is obvious that he is also seen as the hero of anti-German struggle.\n\nIn stark contrast to the waning popularity of the King, Piłsudski's memory seems to unite Poles across the political spectrum - even those among the military idolise him. Even if officially it is simply a matter of honouring past heroes, this visible occasion of Polish patriotism does show how little loyalty that the Germans have inspired. Piłsudski's final gift to Poland was a reminder to the Germans: they were foreigners ruling over Poles - they might have their loyalty for now, but if the Empire were ever to show weakness, there would be hell to pay.
Let them honour him.
Restrict the gatherings.
Bitterness Among the Peasants
The south-eastern parts of Poland, such as the deeply agrarian Lublin and Siedlce voivodeships, have long been bastions of the radical People's Party and frequent hotbeds of peasant unrest. This so-called Małopolska, the Lesser Poland, has been hit hard by economic hardship, which has escalated the already strong bitterness of unequal land ownership into full-blown resistance. The PSL has boldly taken up the mantle as defender of the peasants, building a cult of strong Polish peasants as the truest expression of Polishness.\n\nA few days ago the PSL, along with some peasants' organisations, announced a number of marches and demonstrations in the countryside to pressure the government to see their plight. At this point their posturing is hardly a break from the ordinary, but it is still highly disruptive to the economy.
Let the fools demonstrate.
Send in the cavalry.
The Great Peasant Strike
The situation in Lesser Poland has escalated quickly, after the PSL announced a nationwide peasant strike. The Peasant Order Guard, the PSL's militia, has taken control of roads around Lublin, Siedlce, Sandomierz and Chełm, stopping any deliveries of food into the cities. Reports state that many experienced strike organisers have travelled from far to join the PSL's struggle for the peasant's cause.\n\nThe demands are outrageous - nothing less than dismissal of the Royal Government, release of the political prisoners, land reform and social welfare, and even calls for abdication of the King. The protests quickly lost their peaceful nature as the peasant militias started beating government strike-breakers and attacking their homes.
Send in the police.
Negotiate with the demonstrators.
The PPS Declares Solidarity Strike
The Polish Socialist Party, which had stayed silent until now, has finally announced their support for the Great Peasant Strike, and has joined the strike action with their considerable sway over the urban population. With the PPS on their side, the peasant strike has more or less crippled the entire nation, with both the peasants and industrial workers demanding reforms in unison.\n\nThe urban strikes have not gathered the same wide support as they have in the countryside, with many unions expressing worry about the peasant protestor's policy of withholding food shipments to cities. We could use this mistrust between the urban and rural protestors to find a compromise with the PPS.
Do not hesitate to use force.
Compromise with the unions.
Negotiations with the Revolters
The government has opened negotiations with the peasant committees and the PSL leaders. The starting situation feels hopeless, as the protestors' demands are truly outrageous. After days of back-and-forth, some progress has been made. The PSL leadership has agreed to drop some of their more radical claims such as dismissal of the government, and our negotiators have managed to convince them of the need of compromise in the land issue.\n\nWe could stand true to our promises and take the betterment of the countryside as our priority, even if many of our wealthy upper-class supporters will not like it. Alternatively, we can simply stall the negotiations and send in the cavalry to dispel the demonstrations.
Fulfil some of their demands.
Stall the negotiations and send in the police.
Great Peasant Uprising in Poland
A nationwide wave of peasant protests has broken out in Poland, and the events have caused some unrest even in the Prussian side of the border in Masuria, and among the smallholders of Posen.\n\nThe scale of the demonstrations are worrying, and should August IV's government fail to contain the rebels, the strike might turn into actual uprising against our interests. Many in his council have asked Berlin to instruct them on how to handle the crisis.
Auwi has always been too soft on the Poles. Demand action!
Let August handle it the way he sees the best.
§RThis might radicalise the protestors even further.§!
Countryside in Chaos
\
Fine, dispatch the military police.
Ask for German support.
Poland Requests Aid
The Polish government has asked us to dispatch reinforcements to their police force, which has become exhausted and undermanned after a week of fighting the peasant uprising in Lesser Poland.\n\nWe could send a few units of well-equipped and trained Prussian policemen and strike-breakers to protect the German-owned properties in the region - and at the same time naturally help the Polish police contain the situation.
Naturally - this is a matter of German security, too.
Can't they even keep their own peasants in line?
Peasant Strikes Crushed Violently
This time the pacification operations were successful. Reinforced police units broke through the roadblocks and started dispersing the crowds by shooting. Peasants and their families were beat with batons, and more than forty peasants were killed in the skirmishes with militias. Thousands of people were detained under the doctrine of collective responsibility - sometimes most of a village's young men were arrested.\n\nDespite the claims of cruelty and police barbarism, the strike was eventually quelled, and the PSL leaders officially ended the struggle.
Find and punish the agitators and those harbouring them.
Better to get the peasants productive again.
Berlin Demands Action
The rural unrest has also attracted the eye of German government. They have informed us of their intent to support our actions, no matter how harsh, to pacify the countryside, and they expect that the situation will be dealt swiftly. However the undertext of this otherwise polite telegram is obvious - the government in Berlin does not seem to trust us very much in handling this crisis effectively, and they wanted to remind us of that.
With Berlin's backing, we can go all in.
Has Berlin no better enemies than mob of peasants?
Protests Calm Down
The peasant strike has finally calmed down after decisive action from our government. The PSL has announced the end for the demonstrations - for now - and the peasant militias have dispersed back into the countryside.\n\nEven if the crisis was dealt with, it is still a formidable example of the organisational ability of the peasant movement. The strike was not the work of amateurs, but someone who could very well organise a revolution, should they gather more widespread support.
Find and punish the agitators.
Let's not agitate them any further.
The Memory of the '37 Strikes
On the anniversary of the Great Peasant Strike of 1937, police were expecting minor unrest to break out, and had reserves dispatched to Lesser Poland voivodeships in advance. As expected, some peasant marches were arranged, and huge crowds gathered to the rural churches to pay respects to those who fell a year ago.\n\nThere were some calls to free the political prisoners still imprisoned because of their part in the strikes, but for the most part demonstrations remained peaceful this time.
We need to be strict.
Better not to escalate the situation this time.
Free some political prisoners as a token of good will.
Germany Refuses us Support
Berlin will not send us reinforcements. The message is clear: handle your own issues.\n\nWhile understandable, as Germany itself is still facing many internal issues, it does still make our position more difficult. More moderate voices in the King's council are advising on opening negotiations with the strikers, while more hardliners judge any kind of diplomacy as a \
Fine! We'll handle this ourselves.
Let's negotiate with the strikers then.
Support Arrives from Prussia
Multiple units of German reinforcements were dispatched to secure their government's interests in Lublin region today. Working in tandem with our reinforced law enforcement, we have successfully secured the main roads, and are able to start the large-scale suppression of the insurgency.\n\nThe attempts of organised resistance have been dealt with great efficiency, thanks to our superior communications and equipment.
What can the peasants do against Prussian might?
Republicans Smuggling from Galicia
Our southern border has proved to be tiresome to manage, as the population on both sides are often sympathetic towards the Republican cause, and especially the gospel of peasant's liberation by the republicans.\n\nIt is not rare for us to find PSL activists bringing all kinds of contraband into our Kingdom over the border. Political pamphlets, books printed in Kraków, funds, and even known anti-monarchist agitators who have periodically escaped to Galicia. It is quite possible that the Danubian authorities are actively turning a blind eye on such actions, but we cannot prove anything.
Demand the Galician government to act.
Increase border controls.
This is pointless.
Increased Anti-Monarchist Sentiment
There has been yet another surge of membership in anti-monarchist organisations, especially in the League of Polish Statehood, which advocates for a hard break from Germany and a union with Austro-Galicia.\n\nFeeding on the poor situation in Poland - and no doubt, with discreet help from Austria herself - groups like them are openly critical of the King, and many of their newspapers need to be continuously censored to cull out the most radical parts.\n\nThese so-called republicans have convinced many of the need for revolution, one that would throw away the civilised order and sell their nation to the Austrians. We must do our best to convince them otherwise.
Isn't one Poland enough for Vienna?
Counter the propaganda.
Anti-German Publications Spread
The royal authorities have generally kept the opposition newspapers under close watch. Many radical papers such as the socialist Oblicze Dnia and Robotnik have been banned multiple times due to their failure to comply with the censorship laws, and even more spurious publications remain unaccounted for. Lately even the less openly radical newspapers have started publishing texts questioning our alliance with the German Empire, and are calling for increased liberalisation.\n\nWe could take a harsher stance and quell even this critique - though it would carry the risk of pushing the republicans further towards radicalism.
Close these prints.
Let the rabble blame Berlin.
Critique of the King among our Allies
Critique of the King among the Nationalists
ChZJN-aligned politicians have typically refrained from any harsh critique of the King, since our cooperation following the 1934 elections. Despite this, some members of the party have spoken harshly against some of the King's policies, such as the continued influence of General Guderian, and the perceived economic concessions to Berlin.\n\nWhile not actively anti-monarchist, these statements have sparked some alarm among the court, and high Privy Councillors have called for removal of these agitators from public office, on terms of acting against their own government.
ChZJN-aligned politicians have typically refrained from any harsh critique of the King, since our cooperation following the 1934 elections - but their critiques have increased ever since the end of our coalition, citing the influence of General Guderian, and the perceived economic concessions to Berlin.\n\nThese statements have sparked some alarm among the court, and high Privy Councillors have called for silencing of these agitators.
We do not wish to anger our coalition partner.
They can't protect traitors forever.
Let the fools talk.
Silence them!
A Nobleman's Russian Contact
It has come to our attention that a particularly high member of the szlachta has been engulfed in scandal. It was revealed that he had been leaking highly confidential documents belonged to the royal administration to his mistress, who is suspected of being a Russian agent.\n\nThe nobleman himself has been detained and will stand trial for his actions against the Kingdom, but there is no knowing how much information he managed to share with his Russian succubus; the woman herself is nowhere to be found, and is suspected to have fled the country when his criminal dalliance was discovered.
This is highly alarming.
Dmowski's Texts
Yet again we came across pamphlets repeating Roman Dmowski's hateful words being shared in villages, slums, and even in churches. Much of it has been printed by the illegal Endecja newspaper, Gazeta Wolna Warszawska, but their network of underground prints has proven too elusive to crush entirely.\n\nDmowski, the director of this propaganda campaign, has written another fire-and-brimstone essay calling for a national uprising, and throwing off the yoke of the Prussian tyrant. The most worrying part is that many seem to be interested in his promises of a truly Polish and Catholic nation, free of impurities and poverty.
What nonsense!
A Cache of Communard Guns
The police stumbled upon an alarming find: a cache of old Weltkrieg-era rifles, hidden in an obscure warehouse in the outskirts of Warsaw. We have some suspects who could be investigated for possession of these firearms - and possibly even for planning an armed revolution.\n\nThese are not the first hidden guns we have found during the past few years, as it is becoming increasingly clear that the socialist underground is smuggling and producing weapons for their doomed battle. As long as we stay one step ahead of them, and crush these seeds of revolution in the crib, the King should have nothing to worry about.
Confiscate the weapons...
... and start making arrests.
Communard Agent Caught
Late last night we caught a French spy named Pierre Mardellat trying to cross the southern border. His purpose was, as we expected, building contacts with the Polish syndicalists. Mardellat took part in the Congress of the Polish Socialist Party a few days ago, no doubt carrying instructions from the Polish traitors in Paris to stack the party leadership with Communard sympathisers, instead of true law-abiding Poles.\n\nThis kind of direct contact with the Polish labour movement is extremely worrying, but as we have no proof of him actually influencing the PPS conference, there's little we can do legally besides punishing him from espionage.
Punish the agent, but don't push it.
This is proof enough! Persecute the socialists.
Radicalisation among the Workers
It is often said that poverty and hunger breed unrest, and there is plenty of these issues among the poor working class of the Polish industrial centres. It has proven to be an apt breeding ground for all kinds of socialists, syndicalists and communists, ready to listen to the false gospel of liberation preached by the PPS and the French.\n\nThere will always be some non-conformists, but we could limit the amount of radicalisation with some gestures of good will towards the workers, which could perhaps make the less radical ones listen to reason.
What could they do?
We should try to alleviate some of their problems.
Poland and the Agitators from Kraków
Many Polish organisations, chiefly among them the PSL, have always been loud spokesmen for unification with Poland. This is especially true in the countryside along the border, an area acting as a hotbed of peasant radicalism, with many people supporting the activists and their smuggling of political pamphlets and books to the north. Even the Polish municipal administrators and border guards have often turned a blind eye towards these activities, due to their own pro-unification sympathies.\n\nToday, Warsaw has asked us to better coordinate the border controls, in order to curb this criminal activity.
We will help in stopping these radicals
It is not our problem.
The Galicians will Assist us
The government in Lwów agreed to coordinate the border controls, helping us to stop the illegal opposition activities happening over the border.\n\nA Polish-Galician committee was quickly set up to organise our border guards and the police forces better - hopefully through better communication and unified policies we can stop a larger part of these radical activities circumventing the King's law.
Together we will stop these criminals.
The Galicians will Not Cooperate
The Lwów government did not appear to be too interested or even aware of the border issue. They promised to do everything to stop the criminal activities, naturally, but it was very clear they do not intend to do much.\n\nPerhaps this should have been expected - Galicians no doubt actively support the radicals, wishing to destabilise our Kingdom for their own selfish gain.
Accursed false Poles.
The Organisation of the Intelligence Services
Poland's intelligence organisations have been closely intertwined with the German Abteilung both for budgetary reasons, and due to Germany's interest in keeping Warsaw under close watch. This cooperation has become increasingly insufficient, as the defunded German intelligence services have drastically cut their number of personnel assigned to Poland.\n\nDirector Tadeusz Pełczyński has lobbied hard for the foundation of a truly independent intelligence agency, and even the Germans in the Geheimrat do not seem to be entirely opposed to the idea. It would, however, be somewhat more expensive than our current arrangement.
The Dwójka shall be expanded into a truly independent agency.
Simply cooperating with the German Abteilung will be enough.
But our subjects are loyal!
The Przytyk Pogrom
Surges of violence against Polish Jews are by no means rare, but the incident in the Jewish village of Przytyk, near Radom, has shocked the Kingdom. The disorder started from a minor dispute between a Jewish baker and a Polish farmer during the annual town fair. The relations between the Jews of Przytyk were already strained with the Polish Catholic farmers living around the town, and some local Poles were calling for boycotts against the Jews, who were blamed for undercutting Polish farmers' sales.\n\nThe fair turned into a riot, and the Jewish market stalls were attacked and their properties destroyed. The Jews, who had organised their own defence organisation, tried to defend themselves from the numerically superior host of Poles. Finally a Jewish member of the Zionist organisation Mizrachi, fired at the Poles. The shots turned the riot into a pogrom, as the crowd demanded blood. Many Jews were beaten, and some died of their injuries.\n\nAround fifty people were arrested in the aftermath of the riot, both Poles and Jews being accused of violence. Both present conflicting versions of the events, with both claiming to have acted in self-defence.
The peasants are the ones to blame.
If the Jews didn't want to fight, they shouldn't have armed themselves.
Numerus Clausus
The Przytyk Pogrom from two years ago is still fresh in the minds of many Jews, and yet there is already another significant outbreak of anti-Semitism among the Polish. Today, protests and riots engulfed the University of Warsaw, instigated by nationalist fraternities in the institution. While the demands of the students are vague and often contradictory, among those commonly repeated are the resignation of Jewish professors and university workers, such as linguistics professor Rafał Lemkin, who the students believe are peddling \
The King should not override a\ndemocratic decision.
Jewish or not, they are still the King's subjects.
The Jewish Labour Bund pledges support to the King
The King and his cabinet's support to the Jewish organisations has paid off, as the Labour Bund - one of the most important unions in Poland - has voiced their official support for the government, and denounced radical Zionists within their ranks.\n\nThe right is furious of this \
Their loyalty is welcome.
Has won the Bund's support
Rising Violence against Jews
Violence against Jews is nothing new in Poland, but the past week has been especially grim. There have been multiple attacks against Jewish shops and the families who own them, especially in the northern regions where the National Democrats are the strongest. The pogrom in Wysokie Mazowieckie almost reached the scale of the events seen in Przytyk in 1936.\n\nSuch actions are augmented by calls to boycott Jewish shops and craftsmen by major right-wing newspapers, and the government's inaction towards the past cases have encouraged the radical right to be more open and more violent in their anti-Semitic actions.
Nothing new under the sun.
The Kraków Conspiracy
Secret activist organisations have plagued the Kingdom of Poland since its inception, as many of these conspiring groups had been already established during Russian rule. While the state police have been working tirelessly to capture the anti-monarchist radicals, we had no idea about the true scale of the problem. The series of events started to unfold when the Austrian Secret Police raided a small bank. The Unitary-Bank of Kraków was accused of money laundering for criminals, but the documents unearthed were massively more incriminating. The bank was used as a front for funding anti-monarchist activities in Kingdom of Poland - and the police even managed to capture their entire archive of transactions, full of sums and names. According to them, hundreds of thousands of marks have been run through the bank, disguised as business transactions. The money had come from not only other Galician banks, but Russian and Swiss institutions were also prominent.\n\nWhat is more shocking is the scale - almost the entire Polish political establishment is incriminated. Large \
This must be thoroughly investigated.
§CAfter the investigations are over, we will receive a National Spirit based on our choices.§!
§gSince we have formed the §YKönigstreue§!, the cost of investigation decisions is reduced!§!
§gSince we have completed the focus §YWeapon Against the Underground§!, the cost of investigation decisions is reduced!§!
§gThanks to National Focuses we have completed, the cost of investigation decisions is reduced.!§!
German Intelligence Services offer help
Polish security forces have always had close cooperation with their colleagues in Germany. The Abteilung, the military intelligence agency of Imperial Germany, has offered to help KON and the Polish police in our large-scale investigations after the dramatic revelations from the Kraków documents.\n\nWhile unpopular with the nationalists, the Abteilung's involvement would give us the resources needed to find all of the conspirators.
All help is welcome.
We will handle this ourselves.
Investigation into the Church
The Catholic Church in Poland is perhaps the strongest institution after the state and the military, and is not to be meddled with without good reason. However, we have information detailing long and continuous contacts between Church officials - even men as highly-ranked as bishops - and the National Democrats' exiled leadership.\n\nIt is no surprise that many among the church support Roman Dmowski's thoughts, and would rather see the German King gone, but in general the Church has been willing to cooperate with the Kingdom in exchange for the royal patronage. The entire topic is divisive within the committee, with many members hoping to focus on the socialists instead.
Perhaps we should stop this.
The traitors can't hide behind the faith.
We will attempt to root out the §nNationalist§! supporters from the Church bureaucracy.
Endecja Loyalists among the Church
The secret police were able to uncover proof that numerous men in the Church administration have been funnelling funds to the Endecja's illegal publishing operations. The evidence also shows that Church organisations have helped to distribute anti-monarchist literature and leaflets.\n\nThis is worrisome, as interfering with the Church is walking on thin ice, as they have the hearts and minds of many Poles on their side. Moving against them can be risky, both for our popularity and the stability of our ruling coalition - but then again, if we do not act, the Church will continue harbouring the Dmowskites and other traitors.
These men have betrayed the Kingdom.
We have to be very careful.
We don't dare to touch them.
The Germans can take the blame.
Investigating the Trade Unions
Polish urban workers have traditionally been well-organised and have a long history of resistance, together with the Polish Socialist Party. It is well known that the unions are a hotbed for socialists, but the government has been willing to tolerate them, so long as they eat away support from more treasonous syndicalists and anarchists, whose leadership has been forced either underground or in exile to France.\n\nTwo of the largest union organisations are the ZSZ and the ZZZ. The former has mostly sidelined the more radical elements from its leadership, but the ZZZ's leadership is full of revolutionaries, with their president Kazimierz Zakrzewski pulling the strings from Paris like a traitorous puppet-master. The government's strategy has thus far been a reluctant peace with ZSZ and the suppression of the ZZZ - but some think that we have been too lenient in our policy.
Continue the lenient policy.
We cannot allow the Communards to\ninfiltrate us.
We will attempt to root out the Syndicalist supporters from the Unions.
The Fate of the Trade Unions
Based on the results of our investigations, there is no doubt that many Polish trade unions have been in continuous contact with the exiled Zakrzewski and other French lapdogs in charge of the ZZZ. The details on actual French influence are somewhat unclear, but it gives us strong enough case to finally officially ban the ZZZ. There are even more radical voices in the Senate, calling for ban of all trade unions that consider themselves socialist.\n\nThe bans would give us a legal basis to arrest the union leadership and crack down on their conspiratorial activities, but there is fear that it might alienate more moderate socialists and turn them towards the syndicalists. But perhaps that is the cost we are willing to pay to excise this red tumour from our Kingdom?
Ban only the ones proven revolutionary.
Ban all the socialist unions.
Perhaps we should not.
Strikes against the Government
Numerous trade unions have announced strikes as a form of resistance against government policies aimed to suppress them. The leaders of the ZSZ have called the actions of the government as tyrannical, and demand a compromise before they stand down. There are especially large strikes in Warsaw, Łódź and Kielce, with a large number of railway workers and metal industry workers refusing to clock-in, with their actions paralysing large parts of our heavy industry.\n\nStrike-breakers and Endek militias have been clashing with the strikers, but there is hesitancy over using too much force, as many of the unions involved are usually rather moderate, and have worked with the government in the past. Actions that are seen as too harsh might play directly into syndicalist rhetoric. Still, something needs to be done.
We shall not compromise!
Negotiate with the unions.
Send in the cavalry.
Investigating the Jewish Labour Bund
The General Jewish Labour Bund was formed in 1917 out of the ashes of the old Russian Empire, and they have kept no small amount of their past radicalism.\n\nOutwardly socialist and activist, the Bund is a very divisive party in Polish politics. The right has often branded them as revolutionary degenerates, but they are not clearly in the syndicalist camp either. They are also generally anti-Zionists, and seek cultural and social autonomy for the Jews in cooperation with other Polish liberal-leftist parties. However, there are many radicals within their ranks, and persecuting and arresting these Jewish revolutionaries would be a statement that would surely win us goodwill among the right.
Well, you know what the National Democrats say about them...
The investigation should be fair and impartial.
Contacts between the Bundists and the PPS
There are a number of Bund-affiliated trade unions that are members of the ZZZ, but in general the Bund does not endorse syndicalism, and is closer to the more moderate line of Polish Socialist Party. Investigation into the funding and the contacts of the Bund leadership have not revealed anything dramatic - but it has confirmed just how deeply intertwined the Bund is within the Polish left, and how important of a base it is for socialist activists, from the social democrats to the hardline syndicalists.\n\nEven without the political dimension, persecuting a major Jewish organisation would carry serious consequences in ever-more polarised Polish politics, and whatever decision we make can give easy ammunition to the other side.
Supporting the PPS is not illegal.
They are one step away from syndicalism.
The Radical Wing of the Bund
The so called left wing of the General Jewish Labour Bund is composed of a group of syndicalist trade unions affiliated with the ZZZ, and following the lead of the exiled Kazimierz Zakrzewski. Backed by the French Secret Service, they have been trying to grow their influence within the Bund and possibly bring the party into the Third Internationale, and into open opposition to the Polish monarchy. They have been mediocre at best in their attempts thus far, but the grave economic situation has made ever more Jews sympathetic to their radical gospel.\n\nWe could take a heavy-handed approach and outlaw the ZZZ-aligned Jewish unions, or play the long game by favouring cooperation with the moderate wing of the Bund led by Victor Alter.
These revolutionaries are a threat to Poland.
Support the moderate wing.
Surge in Anti-Semitic Violence
For having been the home of a large Jewish population since medieval times, Poland has had a poor track record in restraining anti-Semitic violence. Especially during times of crisis, like during the tumultuous years of 1917-1919, Jews were blamed for many issues such as famine and poverty. It has been the National Democrats' rallying cry since time immemorial: that the Jews are to blame for Poland's suffering, and that they are enemies to Polish and to Catholic culture. For the right, Jews are portrayed as a foreign element, a pro-German cancer festering in the heart of Poland, and for the left they are portrayed as the capitalists and the bourgeois, strangling the Polish peasants and workers with their unearned wealth. And many do believe these words. Incidents like the Raid on Myślenice, or seemingly random pogroms, are commonplace in Poland, and more often than not the police and the courts share this mindset.\n\nDuring the past few months, there has been another major wave of violence against the Jews, prompted by highly publicised accusations towards the Bund in major newspapers. Jewish businesses were attacked in Łódź, and a Jewish teacher was beaten to death in Radom, to mention only the most recent incidents. The police have been slow to react to these events.
Nothing new under the sun.
This is unacceptable!\nThe criminals must be tried!
The Bund's Leftward Shift
In response to the recent wave of anti-Semitic violence, the more radically-minded wing of the Bund has won the presidency, and multiple important council positions under the leadership of syndicalist-minded Henryk Ehrlich, who has campaigned in the spirit of the French and the British revolutions.\n\nEven more moderate members of the Bund begrudgingly accept Ehrlich's more radical tone and his calls for direct action against the oppressive government.
The polarisation continues.
The Investigation of the Officer Corps
Despite our best efforts, the Polish Officer Corps has stood as a citadel of Piłsudskite sympathies. This is perfectly understandable, as most of the men hold him in very high regard. Many of them fought and risked their lives with him, and had dedicated their entire youths to Piłsudski's vision of a free Poland. Some more fanatic Piłsudskites, such as Edward Rydz-Śmigły, were not allowed to return the army, but large majority of the older officers at least admired Piłsudski. A certain amount of respect towards Piłsudski is perfectly warranted, as long as it does not conflict with the army's primary duty: safeguarding the Kingdom of Poland.\n\nThe worrying part is that many officers still hold sympathies towards the republicans and other political factions who worked with Piłsudski. It has not caused any issues thus far, but more pro-German voices in the army have worried for the loyalties of the Piłsudskites should it come to war.
Let's \
Let's just focus on lower profile officers.
Better not to repeat the Oath Crisis...
§YKazimierz Sosnkowski§! will resign from the military.
Mass Protests against the Trial
People have taken to the streets in support of the accused officers, General Sosnkowski first and foremost. Peaceful demonstrations have been organised all across the nation, where people have waved Polish flags and arranged veterans of the Polish Legions to hold public speeches in favour of the accused patriots.\n\nThere has been uneasy calm among the army, but it is obvious that even they do not agree with the government's accusations. The entire debacle has been called \
Throw some medals at Sosnkowski to make it look more like an honour.
The bickering of fools does not concern me.
Activists flock to Syndicalist Unions
It seems that our harsh policies towards the left have radicalised many of their members even further. Socialist propaganda against the monarchy has found more and more eager ears since our crackdowns against the moderate socialists. The membership for the ZZZ-aligned unions has grown dramatically during the past few months, at the expense of the more moderate unions.\n\nWe can attempt to remedy the situation either by tightening the screw even tighter, and punishing those involved for their insolence, or by trying to reverse the radicalisation by supporting the moderate unions.
All unions are inherently treasonous vessels for pro-French agents!
Officially endorse non-socialist unions.
Investigations into the Polish Socialist Party
Polish socialists are no strangers to revolutionary action, and have often been the first ones to act against tyranny, real or perceived. It is no secret that the monarchy was a bitter pill to swallow for the PPS, which has been completely enamoured by Józef Piłsudski's overtly idealistic visions of a republican Poland, spanning from the Baltics to the Carpathian Mountains. Since then, the party has become a lukewarm supporter of the monarchy, but has not shed their radical wing - merely kept it out of the light.\n\nNormally the radicals of PPS-L have been allowed to act, as long as the main party has kept them in check, but KON's investigation has found proof that the radical infiltration runs much deeper in the party than was previously thought. However, our strategy of working with the moderate wing has borne fruit, as Norbert Barlicki has been successful in checking the far-left's power. Starting a political witch-hunt might backfire and radicalise the party even worse.
Polish socialists are no strangers to revolutionary action, and have often been the first ones to act against tyranny, real or perceived. It is no secret that the monarchy was a bitter pill to swallow for the PPS, which has been completely enamoured by Józef Piłsudski's overtly idealistic visions of a republican Poland, spanning from the Baltics to the Carpathian Mountains. Since then, the party has become a lukewarm supporter of the monarchy, but has not shed their radical wing - merely kept it out of the light.\n\nNormally the radicals of PPS-L have been allowed to act, as long as the main party has kept them in check, but KON's investigation has found proof that the radical infiltration runs much deeper in the party than was previously thought. Not only is the radical wing conspiring against the monarchy, but the revolutionary mood has been spreading through the entire party, thanks to the new leadership, radical Stanisław Dubois chief among them. We can surely find proof of contacts with Paris, should we give his party a closer look.
Crush them with mass arrests.
Only arrest the known radicals.
Investigations into the People's Party
The relationship between the People's Party and the monarchy has been stormy ever since its inception. The self-proclaimed enemy of the \
Start making arrests.
Demand them to sort out their ranks.
Protests in the Countryside
PSL agitators have organised large peasant protests in the countryside, especially around Lublin and Chełm, where their militias, armed with cudgels and scythes, have blocked roads and taken over government buildings.\n\nThey are protesting against the government's \
Let the rabble protest.
Peasant Protests
The Endecja Infiltration
Although with one hand the Polish right offers us help, the other holds a dagger. For a long time, the royal government has left the Chadecja and their allies in relative peace, as they have been trusted allies in the Circle's policies, supporting both the military expansion and safeguarding the rights of the major landowners. The Chadecja hold enormous sway in the Kingdom's conservative institutions such as the senate, the Church, the judiciary and the army, and have expanded their influence deeper and deeper during the past years, feeding on both anti-socialist and anti-monarchist sentiment.\n\nEven in exile, Roman Dmowski's word still carries great influence in Poland, especially inside our coalition. Many prominent right-wing politicians that are supporters of the monarchy had been members of the Endecja in their youth, and certainly see Dmowski as their ideological father. This raises a question of divided loyalties, one which we have for long ignored for the sake of parliamentary cooperation with the Chadecja and other conservative parties in the ChZJN.\n\nThis has changed after the revelations that a number of prominent right-wing politicians have kept contacts with their former colleagues in Russia through the Galician National Democrats, who are allowed to operate in relative freedom. Through this pipeline, Roman Dmowski has spewed his pro-Russian propaganda, and directed funds from Moscow to the pockets of Polish senators and noblemen. We have the names - but the question is, do we dare to act?
This is more important than politics. Make the arrests!
We shall persuade some of them to retire.
It's not worth the parliamentary crisis.
The Far-Right Organisations
One of the most alarming developments of the past few years have been the rise of far-right paramilitary groups, chief among them the ONR, the National Radical Camp, which has risen to national prominence thanks to their violent acts towards Jews, and anyone else perceived as the enemies of Christianity. Even worse, ONR's stand against the rule of law \
Start making arrests.
Turn a blind eye as long as they focus on socialists.
Our Collapsing Coalition
The Christian Democrats in our coalition have protested strongly against our \
We must strike a deal.
King August will rule without them.
The End of the Investigations
The largest criminal investigations in Polish history have concluded with hundreds of convictions. There are cases of serious and minor corruption, smuggling, bypassing censorship, being involved with illegal political organisations, supporting terrorism and anti-monarchist activities, as well as conspiracy and treason.\n\nWe have earned the ire of many with our \
The largest criminal investigations in Polish history have ended with numerous convictions. Dozens of cases of egregious corruption, revealed by the Kraków Papers, have been handled severely. Deeper investigations found many more that are guilty of crimes - even some as bold as conspiracy against the throne. The thorough investigations revealed just how well-connected our political opposition is to foreign nations, especially along the Galician border.\n\nOur arrests should reduce their ability to cause us further harm, though many slipped through the fingers of our police, as we did not wish to gather ill-publicity by chasing more dubious cases.
The largest criminal investigations in Polish history have ended with little in terms of actual convictions. Some of the most egregious cases of corruption revealed by the Kraków Papers were handled quickly, but deeper investigations were found wanting.\n\nDue to the lack of solid evidence, only relatively few arrests were made. It is hoped that through mercy to the scandal, the opposition will deflate and the social polarisation of our nation may taper off.
It is better this way.
The Abteilung were involved in the investigations.
The True Loyalties of the Sejm
The Kingdom of Poland has been as stable as it is, largely because of the support from the political centre and moderate liberals. Their promise has always been constitutionalism and adherence to democracy, even if it is guided by the King - which has kept Poland relatively democratic. Unfortunately, that has also enabled the political opposition to organise in the open, to grow in strength and to radicalise.\n\nSome among the right wing of the Circle believe that our past support for democracy was a mistake, and that Poland is doomed to fall into revolutionary fanaticism, should the opposition continue their anti-monarchist agitation on both the left and right of the political spectrum.\n\nNormally, members of the Sejm have legal immunity during their tenure, but there are a number of ways to circumvent this constitutional check, and enable the National Committee of Safety to persecute the leadership of disloyal parties.
Stack the courts to lift the immunity.
Dismiss the Sejm outright.
Nonsense, the constitution is here for a reason.
Can persecute the Sejm.
The Sejm is Dissolved
With King August IV's order, today the Sejm was dissolved. All the members of the lower house were required to resign, while the Senate was prorogued for an undefined amount of time, presumably until the next election. This leaves the governance of the state in the hands of the King, and a temporary caretaker government. In practice, this will freeze any legislation from passing in the Sejm, but it will also remove the legal immunity of the Sejm delegates.\n\nThis move has been met with furious opposition, but little can be done now to reverse it, save for protests. Needless to say, the use of such extreme measures has made it clear to many that the King is not interested in parliamentarism, and is first and foremost looking out for German interests above those of Poland. Still, there are some voices who spoke in favour of him, citing the dissolution as a sad but necessary tool to save Poland from a syndicalist takeover.
A dark day for liberty.
The Count meets the King
Today the King dined with Maurycy Zamoyski, the 15th Ordinate of Zamość. As one of the richest landowners in Poland, Zamoyski is a well-known figure in Polish politics and already a member of the Geheimrat. He has been a loud spokesman for the Polish aristocracy and for cooperation with the National Democrats - and as of late, Zamoyski has made considerable attempts to sway the King's favour.\n\nZamoyski's colourful stories of the adventures and duels of his youth have given him a reputation of an adventurer in the court. His openly nationalistic tone and shared past with Roman Dmowski has made for him many enemies among the King's advisors, who would rather see him fail, but August IV himself is impressed by Zamoyski's charisma.
This man would be a valuable advisor.
The King does not pick favourites.
Zamoyski in the Privy Council
§RThis advisor cannot be manually replaced.§!
Zamoyski's Russian Contacts
A scandal has shocked the nation. Mauryzy Zamoyski, a nobleman in the King's council, has been accused of corresponding with Roman Dmowski's National Committee in Moscow.\n\nAn anonymous source sent the police a number of letters proving that Zamoyski has been in active correspondence with the traitors for years - and many claim that this cooperation has extended to actively helping anti-monarchist organisations and nationalist spies to act against the Kingdom. Zamoyski, naturally, denies everything, and has considerable popular support.\n\nIt would be relatively easy to simply claim the letters as falsifications, and to avoid the backlash of persecuting the richest man in Poland... but if the accusations are true, he might be a dangerous enemy for the King indeed.
Remove him, at ONCE!
Let us avoid a royal scandal.
Nonsense, he is truly a patriot!
The Liberals in the Privy Council
To the great distress of more reactionary-minded councillors, the King has appointed a fair share of more liberal individuals to his advisory council, mostly through his personal contacts in Polish upper classes. One of the most vocal constitutionalists among these is Senator Stanisław Downarowicz - a long-time statesman and friend of the Prime Minister Ponikowski. Downarowicz is a loud opponent of the reactionary policies of the Kingdom, and has always been a voice of moderation and even cooperation with the Centrolew. This has not won him much support from the Germans, nor the conservative hardliners.\n\nIn his latest proposal to the King, Downarowicz suggested closer inter-partisan cooperation with the Centrolew, and has offered to use his many contacts to form a truce with the opposition.
The man is right; let's see what he can do.
Absolutely not!
Downarowicz in the Privy Council
Goodwill from Centrolew
After long negotiations with a number of Centrolew leaders, Councillor Stanisław Downarowicz has managed to convince them to bury their hatchet with the royal government for some time, and to support [GetSecondInCommand]'s cabinet in the Sejm in a few key reforms, in exchange for the government's support for some of Centrolew's programmes, like rural education programmes and increased workers' rights.\n\nBoth sides hope that this informal alliance can reduce the alarming growth of political extremism in both ends of the spectrum, both in their opponents and among their own supporters. It shall remain to be seen if this spirit of good will triumphs.
Excellent.
Support to the Polish Revolutionary Committee
Among many other red emigrés, the exiled syndicalists of Poland have found France welcome them with open arms. The French support for independent Poland is an idea that goes far back to Napoleonic times, and the current Germanic domination over Poland has made the idea shine even brighter. There is a significant Polish minority in northern France, grown out of many emigrations of Poles away from the Prussian or the Tsarist jackboot. They have organised themselves into the Revolutionary Committee of Poland, in Lille, currently headed by Sorelian-minded Kazimierz Zakrzewski, the exiled chairman of the Polish Union of Trade Unions (ZZZ).\n\nThe syndicalists in Poland are either acting from the underground - something they are quite accustomed to by now - or through the left wing of the PPS, the Polish Socialist Party, whose internal struggles are closely followed in France. However, the Revolutionary Committee has little faith in victory through parliamentary means, and is focusing on preparation for the revolution, first and foremost. They are requesting support from us in their covert operations in Poland.
Send them support.
We have other issues at hand.
The Congress of the Polish Socialist Party
Despite social democrats often standing against us in support of the reactionaries, some of their parties are more vulnerable to true, revolutionary ideas than the others. The Polish Socialist Party is among those that would be more susceptible, and their congress this week will possibly be a major turning point for them.\n\nThere are two men competing for leadership, revisionist class collaborationist Norbert Barlicki and the true revolutionary, Stanisław Dubois. Dubois is swearing to return the PPS to their roots, to combat foreign oppressors and to liberate Poland, free of compromises. He would be an ideal ally for us - though some see funding him as a vain effort. It is very likely that the moderate Barlicki will win, thanks to the Austrian bankers behind him... but perhaps we can pull our contacts within the party and give Dubois the edge he needs?
Promise them support, should they elect Dubois.
We shall not support the revisionists.
The §PPolish Socialist Party§! will turn §Rsyndicalist-aligned§!, increasing our influence there dramatically.
The Congress of the Polish Socialist Party
The Polish Socialist Party will gather this week in Radom to elect a new Central Workers' Committee. This is of utmost relevance to us, as one candidate is our good ally, Norbert Barlicki, whereas another is a dangerous revolutionary socialist, Stanisław Dubois, who is obviously in the French pocket. If Dubois and his faction win, it might lead to the radicalisation of the PPS, the splintering of the Centrolew bloc, and the collapse of our efforts in Poland.\n\nSome of the less optimistic people in our foreign office do not like the idea of meddling in Poland even further, and point out that Dubois is unlikely to win in the first place. We can pull few strings to make sure he won't win, though.
Promise them support, should they elect Barlicki
It's not our business whom they elect.
The §PPolish Socialist Party§! will turn §Yrepublican-aligned§!, increasing our influence there dramatically.
Norbert Barlicki elected as Chairman of the PPS
Stanisław Dubois elected as Chairman of the PPS
The vote was a close one - and possibly the most intense in decades. After hours of debate and arguments for both sides, Norbert Barlicki's supporters ultimately won the day.\n\nThe result prompted outrage among the more radical members of the congress, but it seems this outcome gives the royal government a chance to breathe.\n\nBarlicki is not a fire-and-brimstone socialist like Dubois, but he has been open towards cooperation with the monarchy in the past. However, he is known to harbour contacts to the Austrian side of Poland - but then again, so is most of the Centrolew, so that is hardly news.
The vote was a close one - and possibly the most intense in decades. After hours of debate and arguments for both sides, the victor finally emerged. Ultimately, supporters of Stanisław Dubois won the day.\n\nThe outcome prompted outrage among the more moderate members of the party, and many fear that Dubois' bold rhetoric will irritate the royal authorities even further. Dubois has vowed to renew the party's vigour and take a more uncompromising stance towards the monarchy, which he sees as wholly undemocratic in nature. It seems that Polish politics will have quite a leftward shift.
This is the first step towards the liberation of Poland.
The bickering of fools does not concern\nHis Majesty.
It seems like we are popular in Poland.
Our plan didn't work out, it seems.
Support for the Polish Republican Movement
Ever since Germany robbed us of Poland during the Weltkrieg, we have been trying to undermine their monarchy. This project is born out of cooperation with the Austrian Poles, who desire unification with free Poland, and the imperial hawks, who see Poland part of Austria's natural sphere of influence. Despite German attempts to keep Poland firmly in their pocket, we have garnered a lot of influence in the Kingdom - friendship organisations, industrialists, even ministers and councillors.\n\nThe main vessel of our influence is the Centrolew bloc, the democratic opposition to the King's government. We have been supporting the Centrolew for a decade now, primarily through their contacts with the Galician side of Poland. The hope is that if the Centrolew can secure a major electoral victory, they will move Poland dramatically away from the German sphere and into ours - which would naturally benefit both of us more than the current situation.
Send them funding.
We have other issues at hand.
This will §Gstrengthen§! the Polish opposition politically.
Support for the Polish National Committee
The Russian-Polish relationship is a stormy one, but there is one thing they can both agree on: Germany is their natural enemy. This principle has guided Roman Dmowski's cooperation with the Russians for almost half a decade now. Originally this well-known Polish statesman headed the Polish National Committee for the Entente, but after the French and the British revolutions, fate brought him to Moscow, the only Entente government still standing and continuing the fight against the German oppressors.\n\nAn alliance was made: the Russians would support his underground fight against the German monarchy in Poland, and in exchange his Poland would be an ally to Russia. His name and party, the National Democrats, commands enormous respect among the Polish right, one we can utilise to destabilise King August's monarchy to our own gain.
Fund the Polish activists.
We have other issues at hand.
This will §Gstrengthen§! the Polish nationalists politically.
Meddling in Poland
The Polish elections of 1938 are looking extremely tense. There is a good chance that the liberal-socialist Centrolew bloc will dethrone the German lackeys and will get a chance to form a government - something that can give the revolutionary left wing of the coalition a good chance to agitate for a revolution.\n\nWe could sway the election to their direction by calling on the outright syndicalists in Poland to swallow their pride and vote for the radical candidates of the PPS, part of the Centrolew bloc, while also channelling additional funding to our comrades in Warsaw for a more effective electoral campaign.
The Polish elections of 1938 are looking extremely tense. The Austrian-backed liberal coalition, the Centrolew, is making an attempt to dethrone the supporters of King August IV. Roman Dmowski and the Polish nationalists are asking for our support towards their cause - which we could provide by funnelling funding to the pro-Russian elements of the conservatives.
The Polish elections of 1938 are looking extremely tense. The Centrolew, backed by us, has gone to great lengths to win a majority in the Sejm, which could bring about major change in Polish politics - and most importantly, give us the chance to bring both halves of Poland into our sphere.\n\nWe are already funding both members of the Centrolew, the Polish Peasant's Party and the Polish Socialist Party, but additional support could secure the turn in the electoral tide to our favour.
The Polish elections of 1938 are looking extremely tense. The liberal opposition to MKP and the King's government has only grown during the economic depression - and no doubt because of the foreign agents smearing us at every turn.\n\nThe King wishes to keep the elections as legitimate as possible, but we could pressure his government to... skew the electoral process a bit in their favour, accompanied with a large sum to bolster their campaigning.
Fund [POL_supported_party] discreetly.
Make sure they win!
And stain their precious democracy? Never!
Popularity of [POL_supported_party] will §Ggrow!§!
Popularity of [POL_supported_party] will §Ggrow dramatically!§!
[FROM.POL_supported_party] Popularity Surges!
It seems that [FROM.POL_supported_party] has intensified their campaign during the past few days, winning over many formerly hesitant about supporting them. If they can keep their campaign up, it is quite possible that they win the election.\n\nTheir political opponents are already looking for proof of any cheating that would explain this sudden surge.
Quite surprising!
Funding Scandal for [POL_supported_party]
A major newspaper published a shocking story of a well-known figure from [POL_supported_party] and his shady connections to \
This is truly shocking!
There is no evidence of collusion!
The Elections of 1938
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nIt never came. After some counting, it became clear that Ponikowski's coalition remains alive and well in the eyes of the nation. With MKP-aligned parties securing [?POL_royal_influence]% of the seats in the Sejm, and their allies in the ChZJN winning [?POL_nat_influence]%, the newspapers have already begun preparing their morning editions to declare the Circle as the winner of the elections, while the Centrolew have been sent back to consider their future. For the moment, the Kingdom is secure - and the Polish left have been told to try again next time.\n\nIf there even is a next time, that is. Despite his success, Ponikowski has already expressed his wish to retire, leaving a question of who will succeed him. Surprisingly, the favourite has emerged in Aleksy Ćwiakowski - originally a PSL member, Ćwiakowski's peasant-friendly politics have arguably been critical to the Circle's continued viability, and something the liberal young guard views as essential to long-term strategy.\n\nBut the conservatives, turned off by potential agrarian reform and perceived softness against recent unrest, have baulked. Instead, they have suggested to the King that he appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki. An ardent monarchist, the plan is that Studnicki would run a government empowered by royal prerogative to take measures to restore order to the country. The government could point to the elections as providing a mandate...but this claim is dubious, and such an authoritarian turn may spark backlash. The King must decide which is preferable...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nIt never came. Indeed, not only did it not come, but the previous expectations of a nail-biting election have completely evaporated in a sight that will surely confound political analysts for decades. With MKP-aligned parties securing [?POL_royal_influence]% of the seats in the Sejm, the Circle have won an absolute parliamentary majority, embarrassing the Centrolew and even leaving their nationalist partners in the dust. For the moment, the Kingdom is secure - and the Polish left have been told to try again next time.\n\nIf there even is a next time, that is. Despite his success, Ponikowski has already expressed his wish to retire, leaving a question of who will succeed him. Surprisingly, the favourite has emerged in Aleksy Ćwiakowski - originally a PSL member, Ćwiakowski's peasant-friendly politics have arguably been critical to the Circle's continued viability, and something the liberal young guard views as essential to long-term strategy.\n\nBut the conservatives, turned off by potential agrarian reform and perceived softness against recent unrest, have baulked. Instead, they have suggested to the King that he appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki. An ardent monarchist, the plan is that Studnicki would run a government empowered by royal prerogative to take measures to restore order to the country. The government could point to the elections as providing a mandate...but this claim is dubious, and such an authoritarian turn may spark backlash. The King must decide which is preferable...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nHowever, fate has a twisted sense of humour. The final tally has revealed a surprised winner: with [?POL_nat_influence]% of Sejm seats to the Circle's [?POL_royal_influence]%, the ChZJN have eclipsed their senior coalition partners to become the leaders of the monarchist bloc. Few among either the Centrolew or the Circle would have predicted this outcome a couple of years ago - the contest was seen by most as between the two of them, and the ChZJN's sudden ascent has large implications for the future.\n\nUnder parliamentary norms, the ChZJN now has a claim to the premiership, and they have accordingly coalesced behind their chairman, Józef Chaciński. Still relatively moderate among the Polish right, Chaciński can broadly be defined as a solidarist and his government would likely take a more Christian-nationalist direction and seek distance from Germany, but he has made efforts to distance himself publicly from the more radical stances that the Polish right has been known for.\n\nThese assurances do little to persuade the Circle's conservatives. Chaciński's use of pro-peasant and anti-capitalist rhetoric, as well as the ChZJN's implication in the Krakow Conspiracy, has driven some to privately urge the King to appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki to an emergency government in an attempt to circumvent the ChZJN's victory. Ardently royalist and conservative, a Studnicki government could function with royal backing - but it is clearly undemocratic, and would certainly incur backlash. But it is the King's choice...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nHowever, fate has a twisted sense of humour. The final tally has revealed an unexpected winner of the recent political chaos: winning [?POL_nat_influence]% of seats, the ChZJN have completely outmanoeuvred both their former partners in the MKP and their rivals in the Centrolew to secure an absolute majority. Few among either the Centrolew or the Circle would have predicted this outcome a couple of years ago - the contest was seen by most as between the two of them, and the ChZJN's sudden ascent has large implications for the future.\n\nNothing in the Sejm can now deny the ChZJN the premiership, and they have accordingly coalesced behind their chairman, Józef Chaciński. Still relatively moderate among the Polish right, Chaciński can broadly be defined as a solidarist and his government would likely take a more Christian-nationalist direction and seek distance from Germany, but he has made efforts to distance himself publicly from the more radical stances that the Polish right has been known for.\n\nThese assurances do little to persuade the Circle's conservatives. Chaciński's use of pro-peasant and anti-capitalist rhetoric, as well as the ChZJN's implication in the Krakow Conspiracy, has driven some to privately urge the King to appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki to an emergency government in an attempt to circumvent the ChZJN's victory. Ardently royalist and conservative, a Studnicki government could function with royal backing - but it is clearly undemocratic, and would certainly incur backlash. But it is the King's choice...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nHowever, fate has a twisted sense of humour. The final tally has revealed an unexpected winner of the recent political chaos: winning [?POL_nat_influence]% of seats, the ChZJN have completely outmanoeuvred both their former partners in the MKP and their rivals in the Centrolew to secure an absolute majority. Few among either the Centrolew or the Circle would have predicted this outcome a couple of years ago - the contest was seen by most as between the two of them, and the ChZJN's sudden ascent has large implications for the future.\n\nNothing in the Sejm can now deny the ChZJN the premiership, and they have accordingly coalesced behind their chairman, Józef Chaciński. Still relatively moderate among the Polish right, Chaciński can broadly be defined as a solidarist and his government would likely take a more Christian-nationalist direction and seek distance from Germany, but he has made efforts to distance himself publicly from the more radical stances that the Polish right has been known for.\n\nThese assurances do little to persuade the Circle's conservatives. Chaciński's use of pro-peasant and anti-capitalist rhetoric, as well as the ChZJN's implication in the Krakow Conspiracy, has driven some to privately urge the King to appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki to an emergency government in an attempt to circumvent the ChZJN's victory. Ardently royalist and conservative, a Studnicki government could function with royal backing - but it is clearly undemocratic, and would certainly incur backlash. But it is the King's choice...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nBut some victories can only be described as pyrrhic. Indeed, a monarchist government can not be formed - but neither can any other. The Centrolew could not secure the clean victory it was looking for, and the recent break between the Circle and the Chjena mean that they are no longer willing to negotiate on a government. The Sejm is split into three blocs - none of which appear willing to cooperate.\n\nSince the Sejm is not capable of choosing a government for itself, the task falls on the King. Given the pervasive atmosphere of political unrest, conservatives among the Circle have been urging the King to appoint an emergency government headed by the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki, an ardent monarchist. Backed by royal prerogatives, a Studnicki government could function despite the deadlock and crack down on subversive elements - but even in the current situation, it's doubtful that the left and nationalist right would take this move quietly.\n\nBut with no other options presenting themselves...
The laws of the Kingdom of Poland mandate that, barring a state of national emergency, elections to the Sejm must be held no more than 4 years after the previous. The last Sejm elections were a pivotal affair, seeing the demise of the National Coalition and its replacement with the present government. It was also an omen, for even before Black Monday, confrontations between left right were growing more common - 1936 was only an accelerant, and a reminder to the Ponikowski government of the stakes. The Centrolew had every reason to hope that they might find vengeance in this vote.\n\nAnd it was everything they could have hoped for. Securing a majority of Sejm seats between them, the PSL and PPS have proved beyond all doubt that the will of the Polish people is with them, and a more free and equal nation. For now, the ChZJN pay the price for their betrayal, and the Circle are now left to wonder where exactly they went wrong.\n\nThe Sejm appears on track to inaugurate the most left-leaning government in the Kingdom's history - although it is still being negotiated whether its prime minister will be from the agrarian PSL or the socialist PPS. In either case, the government would be expected to be staunchly progressive. Land and labour reform, secularisation, nationalisation of key industries, and the revocation of royal and senatorial vetos - all is on the agenda.\n\nAll unacceptable to conservatives. Between their foreign ties and radical politics, several in the Senate and the Circle see it as essential to block a Centrolew government by any means necessary - and there is one path to do so. In private, the King has been urged to use the recent political unrest as grounds to appoint the Statehood Party's Władysław Studnicki to an emergency government - one that would be unquestionably loyal and could use royal powers to contain subversive elements. But while legally viable, the move is tantamount to a rejection of the election results, and is certain to draw strong reactions even from some moderates. The King must decide whether doing this so soon is worth the risk...
Ćwiakowski will follow in Ponikoswki's footsteps.
If Ćwiakowski can command confidence, then the King will not stop him.
Chaciński can be trusted to helm the government.
Chaciński can be trusted to helm the government.
The PSL's Malinowski is the best option available.
Barlicki and the PPS will be given a chance.
Dubois and the PPS will ...begrudgingly be allowed to take office.
Appoint Studnicki's emergency government to preserve order.
Election of 1938 has occurred
Election Victory for the Circle.
Election Victory for the ChZJN
Election Victory for the Centrolew
As the MKP begins to choose ministers, they have dramatic promises to fulfil. Despite the unrest and major economic depression, the MKP managed to guide the nation through it and keep the support of the people.\n\nThe King has voiced his support of the new government, and most of the upper class seems satisfied for the victory of the status quo. The Centrolew Alliance, debating on what they did wrong, has shown its weakness against the less radical idea of Poland.
The new President of Ministers, young and charismatic Józef Chaciński, has sworn in to lead His Majesty's cabinet. With a slim majority in both the Sejm and the Senate, Chaciński's largely Christian Democratic government will be able to continue with their policies that do not dramatically differ from the ones of the previous government.\n\nIt is however expected that Chaciński will seek to distance the Kingdom from German influence, and enact more nationalistic-minded policies such as legislation against Jewish business owners. It remains to be seen if the cabinet will keep the King's trust in the future.
The King has appointed [POL.GetSecondInCommand] as the new President of Ministers, who has immediately started to form a left-liberal cabinet. The Centrolew now faces massive challenges - to deliver to the people what they have promised, against a deeply conservative Senate and the King who views the left with suspicion, especially after the rise of radicalism in the aftermath of Black Monday.\n\nMany political analysts give the new government one year, maximum; after all, there has never been a Centrolew government in Poland that has lasted through an entire term.
A toast for King Augustus!
May Poland prosper evermore
This is the dawn of progress!
The King Appoints Studnicki
In the absence of a responsible government coalition, the King has appointed Władysław Studnicki, from the Statehood Party, as the President of Ministers. Studnicki's government does not enjoy a majority of the Sejm, but is supported by enough independent members to be able to pass legislation - and should it come to it, they will have the King's executive powers behind them.\n\nStudnicki is an ardent spokesman for deeper cooperation with Germany, and has often reminded the Sejm of the importance of collaboration with Berlin, and as the one and only way to safeguard the continued existence of the Polish state.
Pray to God he will keep the nation in line.
Elections of [GetYear]
Thankfully, the elections of 1942 have gone more peacefully than the razor-thin 1938 result. There have been not large scale protests, nor accusations of electoral fraud.\n\nPerhaps it is because of the heightened security and the war weariness, but it is also true that life is, in many ways, better than it was in 1938. Unemployment is low, the streets are safe and Polish democracy has survived relatively unscathed. This all paves a way for the continuation of the status quo.
The elections of 1942 have gone much more smoothly than the chaotic events of 1938. The rabid paramilitaries are all but gone, and the opposition is driven underground.\n\nFor the first time in decades, the Kingdom of Poland knows stability and security under strong leadership instead of the bickering politicians. A great many opposition delegates decided not to run at all, having lost the support of the people. Those who ran were investigated thoroughly, to make any radical opinions known. All of this led to an easy victory for the current government.
The MKP reigns alone.
A MKP-ChZJN coalition.
A MKP-PSL coalition.
The Constitutionalist coalition stays strong.
ChZJN continues leading.
Elections of [GetYear]
[POL.GetSecondInCommand]'s government has done much to build a safe and secure foundation for the republic, but much of their initial popularity has waned. A disappointing amount of Polish political life has returned to mundane politicking, and debates over small if practical details, as opposed to the great idealism that gave birth to the republic. An essentially three-party system has been created in Poland, with the PPS, PSL and ChZJN. Both parties in government have blamed the other for trying to sideline their allies and only favour their own electorate.\n\nThe People's Party is very much in a kingmaker position, especially as many of their more conservative agrarian members, who joined the party after dissolution of the MKP, have been eyeing a coalition with those further to the right, to avoid further concessions to the left. The socialists are aware of this, and are already expecting treason from their peasant allies. Their virulent election campaign has branded any attempts to work with the ChZJN as concessions to the \
After the monarchist centre was wiped out and the left failed to secure their rule, the National Union found itself as the strongest parliamentary faction. Many former members of the Circle rallied to the Chadecja and the right-aligned parties, seeing them as the best alternative to the monarchy.\n\nWith their support and a strong pre-existing power base, the rightist ChZJN-Endecja coalition has secured control of the Sejm for now, despite a fiery opposition campaign.
The peasant-worker coalition stands firm!
The best way to beat the right is to give them responsibility.
The worker-peasant coalition stands firm!
Chadzynski will form the government.
Miedziński will form the government.
The Circle's New Direction
Poland's long-serving prime minister and the king's trusted right hand, Antoni Ponikowski, had already announced his plans to retire from politics before the next election. Many saw a moderate such as Leopold Skulski as a fitting successor for Ponikowski, but to the surprise of the old guard of the Circle politicians, the party's black sheep won the MKP's internal vote for leadership - and thus becomes the new prime minister.\n\nFormer PSL activist, Aleksy Ćwiakowski, has become the face of the young guard of Polish monarchists. Unlike the old independence men who formed the MKP, Ćwiakowski would rather cooperate with the peasant liberals of PSL instead of the more traditional Christian Democrat allies who have sustained Ponikowski's governments. As proof of concept, Ćwiakowski managed to win a record vote in the traditional PSL and PPS strongholds, through his support towards farmer's associations and strong grassroots presence. In his mind, the MKP cannot remain a movement of the middle class, but the monarchy must win over the Polish peasant if it is to thrive. While he is more radical than his predecessor, he is generally liked both inside and outside the party as a man with fresh ideas and boldness to try them.
Let's see what he can do.
The Royal Veto
Our ambitious legislation, passed with a strong majority in the lower house of the Sejm, is meant to crush the antidemocratic strongholds that have for too long suppressed the common man's rights in Poland. But even with this strong mandate from the people, the Prussian tyrant on the throne has dared to openly move against us. We had counted on the King's tolerance towards liberalism and usual inaction in day-to-day politics, but it seems that his reactionary puppet-masters in the Privy Council have persuaded August IV to stand against us.\n\nWith his hated veto power, the King has single-handedly crushed the legislation that was accepted with an overwhelming majority in the Sejm. With this wildly antidemocratic move, it has become clear that [POL.GetSecondInCommand] no longer enjoys the trust of His Majesty and should resign. Let us see who they can conjure up as leader, when the Centrolew has so great a majority... unless the mere threat is enough to make the King reconsider.
Threaten him with resignation.
The King has vetoed the legislation!
The Resignation of [POL.GetSecondInCommand]
The gamble by [POL.GetSecondInCommand] and his cabinet did not work. King August IV refrained from any further comments, and would not withdraw his Veto. In a parliamentary standstill, the prime minister finally offered their resignation to the King, which was promptly accepted.\n\nThe faith in the Centrolew's ability to reform the system from inside seriously has plummeted, even among the moderates, while the already radical socialists and agrarians have started organising protests everywhere in the country. The Kingdom is thrown into a precarious position with no majority government in sight, and the largest parties in all but revolt against the crown.
All tyrants fall eventually!
Why Die For Dvinsk?
The European war seems distant for an average Pole, despite the government's propaganda that is trying to frame the war as part of Poland's eternal blood feud against Russian Imperialism.\n\nWhile the professional parts of the army have high morale, many enlisted men have little interest in participating in a war that is seen as a far-away one, mainly defending German interests, and not truly threatening Poland.\n\nLeaflets that keep being distributed in Polish cities even suggest that the Poles are in the wrong side of the war entirely. All this has culminated into anti-war sentiment and lacking support for the war effort.
Keep the rabble in the line.
Draft Dodging
There are many who do not see the point in dying for a war that is widely seen as one of defending German interests and German Imperialism. Draft dodging has become endemic in some parts of Poland, with illegal pamphlets on both ends of the political spectrum advocating an anti-war attitude.\n\nNormally bitter enemies, the one thing that the socialists and the ultranationalists can agree is that the war does not help Poland at all. This has inspired many young and impressionable men to dodge the drafts and escape to the countryside, trying to avoid their military service.
We will hunt them down and put them to work, then.
We need to boost our propaganda and explain why we fight.
Treason!
The Royal Defence Council
To solve all the issues plaguing Poland's war efforts, the government has conceded to the lobbying from von Kries, and other Germans, and have announced the creation of the Royal Defence Council to the Sejm.\n\nIn practice, this means that all executive power will be focused in the hands of a small, temporary council composed of the king and his closest ministers, advisors and officers. While such emergency laws are not rare during wartime, many see the act as yet another way for the anti-democratic forces in Poland to suppress their opposition.\n\nWith the emergency powers, the government and the monarch can pass decrees of a temporary nature with minimal parliamentary oversight. In practice, this means that the Sejm will have no saying over the conduct of the war, and that [POL.GetSecondInCommand] - or more probably, a military man the King names - is a dictator in all but name - temporarily, naturally.
Once again, the Polish Constitution is\nmere paper.
Centrolew Makes Their Move
Warsaw had not seen such protests after 1907. In the capital alone, there were tens of thousands of people gathered. The Old Centre of Warsaw was filled with flags with clovers and roses, as a symbol of the brotherhood between the peasants and the workers, the core of the movement. The mounted police were uneasily following the flood of people as they gathered around the Royal Palace and various other government buildings, shouting slogans against the King and his corrupt government. In the fashion of the Revolution of 1905, a general strike was announced to begin the very next day.\n\nKing August IV did not make an appearance to the protestors, as his councillors pleaded for caution. Surrounded in the palace and in the numerous garrisons, the Germans in power realised for the first time just how few they were in number. And as the Centrolew's protest movement spread from the capital like wildfire, they could only hope for a peaceful solution to the wave of discontent.
Mobilise the police! Secure the capital!
Uprising in Poland
It turns out that the Poles have arranged massive protests against the King and his royal government. This mass movement of workers and peasants has arranged protests and strikes in nearly every Polish city, and their rhetoric is increasingly hostile towards us and the King.\n\nWhile they have yet to fire the first shot, we have no guarantees of their peaceful intentions - after all, there are many socialist rabble-rousers among them. Even worse, the protests have spread to the Prussian side of the border as well, culminating in the peasant's march to Posen.\n\nThough this is surely just bravado, Warsaw is asking us for guidance - and should it come to it, our military assistance.
Send in the reinforcements! This rabble will not overthrow a Hohenzollern.
Urge August to negotiate and avoid spilling blood.
The Crumbling Kingdom of Poland
As it was to be expected, the German Kingdom of Poland is coming crashing down. Thousands of republican-minded supporters of the Centrolew parties have organised mass strikes and protests all around the nation, calling for the establishment of a republic and union with Galicia. This news was received in Vienna with a certain Schadenfreude, as it turns out our plans from two decades ago might finally bear fruit.\n\nEven more importantly, in a secret telegram from the Centrolew leadership, we were discreetly asked of our attitude towards the possible change of government in Congress Poland. While we naturally would never meddle with the affairs of another, sovereign state, we could still stay in contact with the Centrolew. After all, should they succeed, who else could they turn to but us?
Declare support for the protestors.
We should not intervene, regardless of Galician opinions.
The Clover Revolution
It is said that every Polish generation has their revolution, and for this generation, it will be the [GetYear] Revolution, already dubbed the \
Guderian's unit will secure the capital.
That is not enough - mobilise more units to keep the order.
The Treason in the Army
Our decision to mobilise additional army units proved to be catastrophic. Faced with the possibility of being ordered to shoot their countrymen, thousands of Poles flat-out refused their orders. This treason did not change depending on their rank either - men as high as generals refused to take the King's orders, or simply ignored them. It is clear that a large part of the army has turned against us, making the situation ever more precarious.\n\nThe King is now stuck in the middle of an uprising with constantly emboldening demands: the resignation of the government, the abdication of the King, the cessation of German military presence, an endless list of social and political reforms. And the revolutionaries hold all the cards.
The traitors!
Retaking the Capital
When the tanks rolled into the suburbs of Warsaw, the first feeling among the people was disbelief. Was the King ready to go this far to scare them? Was he really parading his precious war machines on the streets of the capital? The confusion quickly turned into fear, as the military police and German reinforcements were deployed in great numbers to clear the main part of the city of protestors. Many were turned away at the barrel of a gun or a bayonet. At first it looked like it could work out - both the protestors and the soldiers were told to avoid violence as much as possible, but when the units of the Black Division arrived to free the Palace, the crowd - led by ex-Legionary Stanisław Dubois, radical socialist and agitator - refused to budge.\n\nWhen the protestors started stoning the soldiers approaching with bayonets, Guderian finally ordered the use of live ammunition. Despite protests from his Polish colleagues, the rifles sang. Men and women fell to the street... but instead of routing, they stood their ground, and their previous pacifistic action turned into a chaotic melee.\n\nThe German reinforcements the royalists had received did not hesitate to act. Machine guns were fired from the top of the tanks, and when the hour was over, dozens of dead littered the main street. After securing the Palace, the units started methodically combing through the streets of Warsaw. The capital was the King's once again.
When the tanks rolled into the suburbs of Warsaw, the first feeling among the people was disbelief. Was the King ready to go this far to scare them? Was he really parading his precious war machines on the streets of the capital? The confusion quickly turned into fear, as the military police and infantry were deployed in great numbers to clear the main part of the city of protestors. Many were turned away at the barrel of a gun or a bayonet. At first it looked like it could work out - both the protestors and the soldiers were told to avoid violence as much as possible, but when the units of the Black Division arrived to free the Palace, the crowd - led by ex-Legionary Stanisław Dubois, radical socialist and agitator - refused to budge.\n\nWhen the protestors started stoning the soldiers approaching with bayonets, Guderian finally ordered the use of live ammunition. Despite protests from his Polish colleagues, the rifles sang. Men and women fell to the street... but the core of the protestors did not budge. Instead, they attacked the armoured column with sheer mass, even setting some tanks aflame with improvised fire bombs. More shots were fired, but it was clear that even the Polish soldiers tasked with keeping order were starting to doubt their allegiance. But the incident took away the last remnants of uncertainty from many - after this, there was no forgiving the King.
Mobilise more units! This has to end!
Enact martial law and arrange the firing squads!
The Declaration of the Rzeczpospolita
The manifesto was clear: from now on, Poland would be a republic, led solely by the Polish people and not a foreign autocrat. In the end, that was the one demand that mattered. The King's advisors were furious, as was to be expected. August was advised to ask his father for help, and was told to stall and strike a compromise. But in an atypical moment of decisiveness, August Wilhelm denied them all. \
The manifesto was clear: from now on, Poland would be a republic, led solely by the Polish people and not a foreign autocrat. In the end, that was the one demand that mattered. The King's advisors were furious, as was to be expected. August was advised to ask his father for help, and was told to stall and strike a compromise. He was told to regroup and take the rest of the nation with the force of Polish sabre and German steel. But in an atypical moment of decisiveness, August Wilhelm denied them all. \
Liberty at last!
The Constitution of the Republic
A special session of the Sejm was called as soon as possible. The nation was returning to normality, or at least as much as it could. So was the parliament, with one notable exception - most delegates from the Circle were absent, either because of boycott or because of fear. They were not missed, either, as their absence made the Centrolew the undisputed ruler of the Sejm. [POL.GetLeader] was to be elected as the provisional President, until a proper election could be arranged.\n\nThe more thorny question was that of the constitution. Even though the Sejm had elected to abolish the monarchy with an overwhelming majority, ChZJN and other conservative parties still held a good third of the seats, and in the Senate the Centrolew's majority was even thinner. The planned constitution, modelled after the People's Republic of Belarus, faced fierce resistance from the right, and could not be passed as it required at least a two-thirds majority as per the current constitution.\n\nAfter lengthy debates, many parts of it were defanged. Neither abolition of the Senate nor official secularisation could be turned into law. Though despite some bitter compromises, many of the Centrolew's ideas came to pass. The new People's Republic would abolish censorship, and guarantee equal rights to everyone. Democratic elections for the Sejm would be held every three years, and it would hold the supreme power. The Senate would act only as an advisory body, that could send laws back to the Sejm but not ban them entirely. The President would be elected by the Sejm for the term of five years, but his powers would be greatly reduced from the executive tyranny of the kingdom. The liberal coalition had hopes to eventually enact their more radical policies, but it does not seem to be possible with the current Sejm. Instead, a government must be formed to steer the republic... and maybe eventually solidify the free and equal Poland for the first time after the Partitions. The prime minister will be...
Norbert Barlicki has the trust of the people.
Stanisław Dubois is the hero of the revolution.
Maksymilian Malinowski is a safe bet.
Return of the Polish-German Military Mission
The officers of the military mission in Poland have returned to Germany, Heinz Guderian chief among them. A small group of Germans were able to smuggle themselves out with the support of a few loyalists as the revolutionaries took over most of the country. Now on German soil, Guderian has vowed to pay back the humiliation and betrayal from the army he had helped to train for years.
The officers of the military mission in Poland have returned to Germany, Heinz Guderian and Wolfgang von Kries being the most noteworthy ones. They have spent the past years in [POL.GetNameDef] as military advisors and organisers for the King August IV, and it is largely their achievement that the Polish Army boasts being the best-disciplined force out of our eastern Slavic allies. Now their work is complete, and Guderian is offering his services to the Fatherland once more.
Willkommen!
The First President
As soon as the new cabinet assembled, the provisional president [POL.GetLeader] declared that proper Sejm elections for the president would be arranged, as his rise to the position was by \
Norbert Barlicki
Stanisław Wojciechowski
Jan Woźnicki
Gabriel Narutowicz
Wincenty Witos
Collapse of the Dual Monarchy
The destruction of the Habsburg Empire has sent its aftershocks to Poland. Many business contracts and diplomatic treaties have been annulled overnight, and the pro-Austrian direction of our politics has been thrown into disarray. We shall see how the new Central Europe will look like.
Turbulent times...
The Declaration of the Republic of Poland
Catastrophe has struck the House of Hohenzollern - a revolution in Poland has overthrown King August IV and declared a republic, led by peasants. Many see the revolution as a massive blow to German prestige, and will no doubt increase unrest in the East - and make us look weak in front of the Russians. An even further humiliation, the newborn Polish republic is Austrian-backed, and may soon join their sphere.\n\nThe hawks in our government are calling for bold moves - the restoration of the monarchy through force of arms, even. More pragmatic statesmen do admit that it would be a wasted effort to prop up another unpopular monarchy in Poland - but their new government could be coerced to accept all the same treaties as the Kingdom had. Perhaps it would also be seen as lenience towards the Poles, winning us some hard-needed support there.
Catastrophe has struck the House of Hohenzollern - a revolution in Poland has overthrown King August IV and declared a republic, led by peasants. Many see the revolution as a massive blow to German prestige, and will no doubt increase unrest in the East - and make us look weak in front of the Russians.\n\nThe hawks in our government are calling for bold moves - the restoration of the monarchy through force of arms, even. More pragmatic statesmen do admit that it would be a wasted effort to prop up another unpopular monarchy in Poland - but their new government could be coerced to accept all the same treaties as the Kingdom had. Perhaps it would also be seen as lenience towards the Poles, winning us some hard-needed support there.
This is outrageous! August IV must be restored!
As long as they fulfil their treaties, we will tolerate them.
Ignore them. They will beg to join us soon enough.
§GThanks to our economic influence, the Polish Republic is assured to accept re-joining our alliance.§!
An Ultimatum from Germany
The German demands are simple: total return to the status quo. King August IV will be returned to the throne, and new elections will be called and those complicit in the planning of the uprising will be tried and sentenced, according to the current laws of the Kingdom.\n\nIn practice, this would mean totally turning back the clock - and anyone in Poland can see that it is a futile effort. The demand is widely seen as a decisive way for Berlin to start the negotiations without appearing as too compromising or weak.\n\nOur response might be that...
We will not accept the King back, but we will uphold our treaties with Germany.
We will ask Austria to intervene in our behalf.
Germany is Willing to Negotiate
The German answer was more agreeable than we expected - they offered to negotiate, in good faith, the future relationship between Germany and the Republic of Poland, abandoning all demands of the restoration of the monarchy. German demands are simple: the republic will consider itself bound to all treaties of the Kingdom, including Mitteleuropa and Reichspakt membership. All privileges enjoyed by Germans in Poland shall continue to be enforced, though the Geheimrat can be dissolved due to its irrelevance to the republican form of government.\n\nAll in all, the deal is relatively good - though there are many among our supporters who would see renewal of these agreements as giving up the fruits of the revolution. Asking for Austrian negotiation to make the deal better is also on the table, however - but then again, the Austrian direction does have its opponents too.
The Republic of Poland will uphold its treaties to Germany.
Ask Austria to intervene in our behalf.
A Delegation from Warsaw
Barely after the news of the Polish Revolution had reached Vienna, the Polish ambassador to ourselves was dispatched to meet with the Austrian authorities. As a delegate of the new republican government, they expressed their gratitude for our support - but after the official ceremonies they did reveal their true business.\n\nThey are petitioning us to act as meditator between the diplomatic relations between Germany and Republic of Poland - and, strictly off-books, proposing that this could give great chance for deeper Austro-Polish relations.\n\nHowever, the risk is there - do we really want to sour our relationship with Germany just for Poland?
Pledge them our support.
We should avoid this mess.
The Treaty of Austro-Polish Alliance
A treaty was signed today in Kraków, stipulating an alliance between Vienna and the republican government in Warsaw. The treaty is celebrated in both Poland and Galicia as an act of liberation from German overlordship, but it is not wholly unwelcome in Berlin either: at least the treaty promises to maintain a semblance of stability in the region. The new Republic of Poland shall keep many of their obligations to Germany and the other nations of the Reichspakt, including free passage of troops.\n\nHowever, it still marks a decisive break from German control of Polish affairs, and a major increase of Vienna's importance in the European theatre. Glasses are raised all across [AUS.GetNameDef] to celebrate the victory of liberty.
Finally, free from Berlin's gaze!
We wish your republic luck.
Whatever.
Poland Pledges Loyalty to Germany
After revisiting most of the treaties between our two nations, a solid legal basis for our renewed relationship has been built. The Republic of Poland shall keep most of the old status quo, though they will be granted wider autonomy in the name of respecting Polish democratic institutions.\n\nIn turn, they will continue being a German military ally, and will uphold any and all economic treaties with Germany and German corporate and private actors.
Alright, keep your republic if it means so much to you.
Do they think they can spit in the face of the House of Hohenzollern without consequences?
The Republic of Poland re-joins the Reichspakt
The ardent revolutionaries listened in disbelief as [POL.GetLeader] informed the nation of the treaty that had been achieved between the governments in Warsaw and Berlin. While Poland is free to keep its republican form of government, and is granted some more freedoms, they will still honour the treaties made with Germany concerning the military alliance and defence cooperation.\n\nMost see the outcome as a relief, as the tense situation with Germany can finally be defused and plans for the future can be laid. There is, however, a loud minority, particularly in the PPS, who have denounced the treaty as treason and the selling out the revolutionary ideals of an independent People's Poland. On the other end of the political spectrum, the treaty is flaunted as a proof of the corrupted morals of the Centrolew leadership, ready to sell their country if it keeps them in the power.
A small price to pay for peace.
Vienna Refuses Us
Despite Austria's initial promises, they have decided to ignore our peril, citing their own domestic problems as the reason. We have no option but to return to the negotiation table with the Germans.
We shouldn't had trusted them.
Never!
The Reichspakt Moves Into Poland
In the early morning, the motorised units of the III. Armeekorps crossed the border near Kalisz, as another army corps has crossed the border in the north and is advancing with formations of the Lithuanian army towards Warsaw. In the east, Ukrainian and Belarusian forces have advanced to the suburbs of Lublin. The German Foreign Minister has explained that the lawful, royalist government of Poland has asked its allies in the Reichspakt to support Polish law enforcement in suppressing the French-sponsored syndicalist uprising that has seized control of much of the nation.\n\nOn the ground, the situation is quite different, and everyone knows it. There have been multiple firefights between Reichspakt forces and Polish units, and the bloodshed is expected to get worse as the Germans close in on Warsaw. Many soldiers have joined the revolutionary government, and improvised Red Guards have sprung in Warsaw and Łódź to defend the revolution. There is much left to be desired, however, as a majority of the Polish army is confined to their barracks, away from the cities, thanks to the officer corps who are deeply distrustful of the \
Yet another Polish uprising is crushed.
The New, Old Order
The right to the freedom of association - suspended.\nThe right to the freedom of peaceful assembly - suspended.\nThe right to legal protection - suspended.\nThe right not to lose Polish citizenship - suspended.\n\nOn and on, the constitutional suspensions go, as the liberties of the Poles are taken away, for the good of the Kingdom. The parliament is eerily silent as over half of the delegates are either imprisoned or hiding, leaving only the Circle and their allies with the right to make decisions. And what they have done in the aftermath of the crushed revolution is nothing but a dictatorship, kept loyal with the threat of another German military invasion.
So dies the dream of Polish liberty.
The Polish Republic Defies Us!
After the revolutionaries overthrew King August IV's legal government and established their crypto-syndicalist regime, relations have been extremely tense. Their ploy to rely on Austrian support failed, yet they refuse to budge to our demands to re-join our alliance. Poland's government-in-exile, escaped to Königsberg, has officially requested the Heer to handle the situation.
Move in.
Threaten them to accept alliance.
The Holy See Denounces Secularisation
Our secularisation laws have been received with massive opposition from the right and their support base. It has even captured the eyes of the Holy Father, [PAP.GetLeader], who has called for us to stop and reconsider these plans, given that they would tarnish our relations with the Papacy.\n\nThe Holy See also expressed fears for the people, as anti-clericalism might turn into a \
There has never been a Polish Pope, so how can he know about our needs?
We need to make compromises, lest we face another uprising.
The Resistance of the Faithful
In his address to the people, Archbishop Aleksander Kakowski, a well-respected man and the former head of the Regency Council and Primate of the Kingdom of Poland, has called for all true Catholics to peacefully resist laws they consider to be wrong.\n\nWith endorsement from Pope [PAP.GetLeader], Kakowski's words have fallen on fertile ground, and the Catholic Church has taken a more direct stance against the government's policies of secularisation. The bans on religious symbols in schools are not honoured, and Catholic activists have organised non-stop protests for weeks now. Groups opposing secularisation such as the Catholic Action have surged in membership, as they are spreading their propaganda about the woes of Godlessness and how it has led to oppression of the common people in formerly Catholic nations such as France. The church is quickly turning into safehouse for radicals opposing our regime.
Any good change has to come slowly, sadly.
Only secularism can guarantee progressive society!
The church has always been on the side of the oppressors.
With their current popularity, the §nNationalists§! might attempt to bring down our governments should we proceed.
With their current popularity, the §nNationalists§! do §Rnot§! have enough strength to stop us from enacting our policies.
A Proposal for a United Poland
The so-called Austro-Polish Solution is not a new idea to Vienna. The idea of a union between Congress Poland and Austrian-controlled Poland, in exchange for the eternal gratitude of the Polish state, has raised its head now and then, and had been proposed even by the Emperor Karl. Ever since German Imperialism denied us our chance in 1916, many have abandoned all hopes of such a project. The political tide has turned since then, and it seems that such a union is once again on the table. Warsaw made the official request of starting such negotiations, with German approval.\n\nSimply put, the proposal would mean ceding Western Galicia and parts of Eastern Galicia, yet to be determined, to Poland in exchange for greatly beneficial economic treaties. This solution is both supported by the Poles of our empire and the Emperor himself. According to the supporters of the Austro-Polish Solution, the Galician Poles have not become Austrians in 150 years, and they will not ever become ones - so it would make sense to give them their own state in the Austrian sphere of influence. The opponents of such an idea see it as giving in to the Slavic minorities and compromising the empire.
Of course we support a united Poland, transfer Western Galicia at once!
Since when did the Slavs run our empire?
Supporting the unification of Poland will stabilise our empire and grant us long-term trade benefits.
§RDenying the unification of Poland will alienate the Poles and likely destabilise our alliance!§!
The Austrian Delegation Returns Unsuccessful
Vienna has sent our well-meaning delegation back without achieving much progress in the negotiations over the unification of Poland. Even if their words are polite, it is clear that they were not receptive towards the idea in the first place.\n\nHabsburg tyranny has once again crushed Polish dreams, but it cannot last forever.
It seems you cannot trust them after all.
The §RRadicals§! will massively grow in strength.
The §SRepublicans§! will greatly reduce in strength.
Western Galicia joins [POL.GetName]
A Polish Legionary, Wilhelm Feldman, once said \
Welcome back, brothers!
§CSeveral Poles from Galicia will now be available as commanders and advisors§!
Prospering Polish Trade
Ever since all restrictions on trade were removed between Poland and the Danubian lands, both regions have benefited greatly. Czech and Austrian capital and resources have replaced German corporations in many places.\n\nThe increased trade has increased the living standards of poorer Galicia, which has turned from the periphery of the empire into an important route between Polish heartlands, and the industrial regions of the Dual Monarchy.\n\nEven to those sceptical to the idea at first, it seems that the Austro-Polish Solution has proven to be prosperous for both parties.
A toast to Austro-Polish friendship!
The Unification of Poland
It is a day of national celebration in [POL.GetNameDef]. After lengthy negotiations with the Austrians, the Dual Monarchy has agreed to a union between Austrian-controlled Poland and the Polish heartlands. This union has bought Vienna considerable goodwill among the Poles, and their influence has greatly grown.\n\nEven though some harsher voices in our cabinet have called the treaty a greedy power-grab by the Austrians, there is no cause to be too alarmed - Poland has promised to uphold all the relevant treaties with us regardless of their relationship with Austria. As long as our trains run to the east, all is well.
Congratulate [POL.GetLeader] on his achievements!
Chaos in the Centre
The politicians and organisations associated with the Interpartisan Political Circle and its allied parties found themselves in free-fall after the king was overthrown. Many older politicians have retired from politics, and even more are trying to explain away their earlier support for the monarchy.\n\nIn this radical re-alignment, the surviving parties are doing their best to fill the void. Many have defected to the PSL, and even more into conservative parties or even the OZN. A small centrist liberal party, the Polish Centre, has been founded on the smouldering ruins of the Circle.
The People's Party will welcome anyone!
The ChZJN welcomes them.
We don't need these Prussian bootlickers.
The Śmigły Coup
In the dead of night, shocking events took place in Warsaw. Parts of the Warsaw garrison marched to the district of Rembertów to meet with a group of conspirators led by Edward Rydz-Śmigły and a small troop of men loyal to him. Enraged by the \
So falls the first government of the republic.
Rally the loyal troops to Warsaw!
The Endecja Consolidates Power
After the silent acceptance from Berlin and Vienna, the situation was clear: The coup has been a great success. President [POL.GetLeader] was forced to open negotiations with Edward Rydz-Śmigły, who demanded the resignation of the \
We will safeguard the Polish nation.
General Sosnkowski saves the capital
By afternoon the rebels were in control of all major routes to the capital. President [POL.GetLeader] opened negotiations with Edward Rydz-Śmigły, who demanded the resignation of the \
Force the conspirators to retire.
Exile them away.
Nationalist coup d'etat in Poland
The priority telegram from Poland has told us that the elected government in Warsaw has fallen. A military coup, led by General Edward Rydz-Śmigły, took the capital in the early morning, and after a brief fight with the loyalist garrison, they forced the government to resign to avoid further bloodshed.\n\nThis is a worrying development, as Rydz and his followers are by no means friendly towards our interests. Even if they have declared to uphold their treaties for now, it is doubtful that they will stay loyal if we show any moment of weakness.
We will watch them closely...
Demand immediate elections!
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Ultimatum
[FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has sent us a strongly-worded communique: the military coup by Rydz-Śmigły and his clique is illegal and unacceptable to [FROM.GetAdjective] interests. They demand the army clique to relinquish power immediately and free the civilian government. The threat is veiled, but it is obvious that should we say no, the great powers are prepared to force our hand.\n\nWith the ultimatum, the support base of the coup is rapidly diminishing: what was supposed to be fait accompli presented to Germany and Austria has become a grave threat to our hard-won national sovereignty.
We must agree to their demands, for the sake of our independence.
We shall not bow to them anymore!
Warsaw is Defiant!
Instead of relinquishing power, the Rydz clique has only entrenchened themselves. The Poles have started \
This means war.
It's not worth the fight.
The Issue of Lemberg
Eastern Galicia has always been a dilemma with no clear answers. The city of Lemberg - or Lwów, or Lviv, is mainly Polish, while the countryside around it is primarily Ukrainian. It is a similar situation to cities like Vilnius and Brest, where the Polish urban population has traditionally reigned over the Eastern Slavs. The Lemberg region is especially difficult, as there really are no clear-cut borders between Poles and Ukrainians in a large part of Eastern Galicia.\n\nNaturally, both Ukrainians and Poles see the city as theirs, but ultimately, we are the ones in position to decide it. In addition to the city, there is the rest of Eastern Galicia to consider - which is mostly Ukrainian and Romanian.\n\nWe could cede it to Ukraine as is the popular will or simply keep it under the Habsburg Crown.
Eastern Galicia has always been a dilemma with no clear answers. The city of Lemberg - or Lwów, or Lviv, is mainly Polish, while the countryside around it is primarily Ukrainian. It is a similar situation to cities like Vilnius and Brest, where the Polish urban population has traditionally reigned over the Eastern Slavs. The Lemberg region is especially difficult, as there really are no clear-cut borders between Poles and Ukrainians in a large part of Eastern Galicia.\n\nNaturally, both Ukrainians and Poles see the city as theirs, but ultimately, we are the ones in position to decide it. In addition to the city, there is the rest of Eastern Galicia to consider - which is mostly Ukrainian and Romanian.\n\nWe could give it to Poland for their guarantees of high regional autonomy, cede it to Ukraine as is the popular will, or simply keep it under the Habsburg Crown.
Divide it, but give Lwów to the Poles.
Give everything to Ukraine.
The entirety of Galicia shall become an autonomous region under Poland.
The region will stay with us.
Give Stanislaviv to Ukraine but retain the rest.
The Autonomous Territory of Eastern Galicia
Austria has agreed to cede us all of Eastern Galicia - even the non-Polish regions in the very south. The news was received with joy, as the border controls were removed and one of the many Partitions was undone. As for the Ukrainian issue, they are granted regional autonomy, as was the Austrian demand. They shall have their own regional parliaments and delegates in the Sejm, and they shall enjoy all the same freedoms they enjoyed under the Habsburg Monarchy.
They will have their freedom.
Union with Stanislaviv
Union with Eastern Galicia
After lengthy negotiations, we have failed to secure ourselves the city of Lviv, but the Austrians had the sense to cede at least the Stanislaviv region to [UKR.GetNameDef].\n\nAs a disappointing consolidation prize, they have promised to grant regional autonomy to the Ukrainians inside their borders, but it is hard to believe that they will uphold their promises, no matter how liberal their government is.
After lengthy negotiations, we have finally triumphed over the Poles and persuaded the Austrians to see the reason: Lviv is rightfully a Ukrainian city, and it should remain so.\n\nA national celebration was declared, as the union of Eastern Galicia and Ukraine was proclaimed - one that will never be severed again. The delegates from Warsaw were sour, but that is nothing different from our typical interactions with the Poles.
Welcome, brothers.
Eastern Galicia Slips from Us!
It seems that the Austrians have betrayed us yet once. The perfidious Habsburgs have conspired with the Ukrainians to steal the city of Lwów from us, despite the clear majority of the population being Poles. The fact that prominent Galician Ukrainian organisations pleaded Vienna for this outcome is of no consequence. Ukrainian propaganda about the \
Damned Austrians.
The Union with Lwów
After lengthy negotiations, we have finally triumphed over the Ukrainians and persuaded Austrians to see the reason: Lwów is rightfully a Polish city, and it should remain so. A national celebration was declared, as the union of Lwów and Poland was proclaimed - one that will never be severed again.\n\nThe delegates from [202.GetName] were sour, but that is nothing different from our typical interactions with the Ukrainians.
Welcome, brothers.
The Act of Recovery of [GetYear]
Chełm was annexed into the Kingdom in 1919, and it has remained as the only part of Poland with a significant Orthodox population. Much of this was carried out forcibly in the 19th century, when the Tsarist authorities sought to colonise this part of ancient Polish territory with Russian and Ukrainian settlers. There has already been some progress in reclaiming the national character of the Chełm voivodeship, but the work can start in earnest, after passing of the Act of Recovery.\n\nThis executive order defines a plan to integrate the region properly into Poland, through settling Polish veterans and returning Ruhr Poles to the voivodeship, and by closing Orthodox Churches that are found to have cooperated with Russia and other traitorous elements. Conversion to the Roman Catholic faith will be rewarded greatly.
Unification with Galicia-Lodomeria has brought us millions of new Ukrainian citizens. The earlier government in their foolishness had agreed to grant these Ukrainian voivodeships wide cultural autonomy, including their own local administration and courts. It is exactly this kind of disunity that has made Poland weak in the past. A plan has been drafted to remove these autonomies and properly integrate the Ruthenian Voivodeships into Poland proper.\n\nThe Act of Recovery authorises settlements of Polish veterans and the Ruhr Poles to the region, and widespread assault of the Orthodox Church's power will be started. After all, it was Orthodox Church that did all in their power to support the Russian oppressors who wished the destruction of Poland — how could we trust them after that? Conversions into Roman Catholicism will be greatly rewarded and encouraged.
Poland will be whole again!
The March against Polonisation
The current government of [POL.GetSecondInCommand] has restarted the divisive Polonisation programmes endorsed by the National Democrats. These programmes are in practice legislation that officially discriminates against the Jews and Ukrainians of the Chełm region, and the other minorities in our border regions. Even though many Poles are silently accepting towards anti-Semitic policies, this Polonisation has become a symbol of the perceived backwardedness and reactionary nature of [POL.GetSecondInCommand]'s government.\n\nThe opposition, spearheaded by Jewish organisations such as the Labour Bund, have organised major demonstrations against the government, especially in the southern regions, where the strongholds of the Peasant's Party have openly backed the Jews in a united struggle against the government.
Perhaps some compromises are necessary...
Fix bayonets!
The Birth the of Ukrainian Military Organisation
The Recovery Action of Eastern Małopolska has yielded some results, but the Ukrainian resistance has proved to be greater than anticipated. It seems that their opposition is coordinated and supported by the so-called \
See that the police have all the resources\nthey need.
The Spectre of Piłsudski
The secret police has uncovered disturbing indications that there is a conspiracy spreading inside the military, focused around Edward Rydz-Śmigły's tight-knit group of former Legionaries. It seems that they stayed in contact with each other even after the Polish Military Organisation, the POW, ceased their activities in 1921 after resistance to German rule became futile. Rydz-Śmigły was their leader, having risen to the position after Józef Piłsudski's imprisonment in 1917. We have yet to identify other conspirators or their goals, but it seems probable that men like Adam Koc and Kazimierz Sosnkowski - former comrades of Piłsudski and members of the POW - are involved.\n\nThe important question, however, is what should be done about this clandestine clique inside the Polish military. We could merely promote men loyal to us over them, and break up the Rydz-Śmigły clique all across the country in less important commands... or we could start clandestine talks between the government officials and Rydz-Śmigły's men. The war is coming, and a moment to rise up against the Germans might yet come in near future - and in this fight we would have very similar goals with the conspirators.
Break up the group.
Contact them and offer cooperation.
§RWill disable revolting against Germany.§!
The Coup Plan
A deal with Edward Rydz-Śmigły's group has been reached. When the time is right and German armies are preoccupied, the military will march to Warsaw and arrest the King and his council, and any generals who side against their lawful government. At the same time, operations would be launched to secure control of other major cities, radio stations and the border garrisons.\n\nIt is unlikely that there would be much resistance, as even the republican-minded parties would support us. The greatest threat will be the merciless German response. In a more controversial part of the agreement, Rydz-Śmigły will be named the Chief of State in place of the king, to lead the temporary Council of State, until there is no more need for him and elections will be arranged.\n\nThe conspirators raised their glasses for the upcoming final liberation of Poland, for this time it would last.
A plan by Edward Rydz-Śmigły's associates has been accepted by the most important ministers, a close inner ring which has been in power since Rydz's coup. This \
Na Zdrowie!
The Restoration of Elections
Poland has been freed, under the guidance of the First Marshal. As the threat of war is gone and reconstruction can start, leaders of many parties have started to call for disbanding the Council of State, and creating a genuinely republican form of government. Naturally, Chief of State Rydz-Śmigły has assured that elections will be organised, and the following months saw a surge of political activity. However, strict wartime censorship was still in place, and the Marshal's own party, the OZN, was given a disproportionate amount of media coverage and funding. Alleged electoral corruption sparked some public protests, but Rydz-Śmigły's personal popularity was too great for real mass action to start against him.\n\nAs Poland still officially has the constitution of the monarchy in place, Rydz-Śmigły wields most powers of the monarch, including appointing the cabinet. An inclusive broad front government led by Bogusław Miedziński including ministers from other parties would please most of the minor parties, and would strengthen the regime's propaganda of truly representing all Poles from left to the right, just like Józef Piłsudski had done. However, a smaller cabinet led by Adam Koc composed of \
Maintain the appearance of democracy.
Prioritise efficiency and loyalty.
§CThe event will have two options with the following effects:§!\n
The [GetYear] Constitution
The first act of the new Sejm is to start drafting a constitution, one that would officially change the monarchy-era constitution into something not imposed by foreign tyrants, but rather crafted by the whole nation of Poland. The old constitution had sought to maintain the position of the old elites from the Partition era, but the new one is based around the idea of the common good of all the citizens. However, the citizens are also expected to act in the common good of the nation, and their rights could be limited if they chose not to do so.\n\nThe president is to be the ultimate guarantor of the nation's security, serving for terms of seven years, and having rights essentially identical to that of August IV some years ago. The president is to appoint ministers and military staff, and can veto legislation at will. The president is only responsible to God and to history, not to any lesser body. After all, Poland was free because of Rydz-Śmigły's decisive actions. Without one man rising to heed the call of history, would there even be the new Poland?
Onwards to the brighter future!
The Transfer of Transcarpathia
As part of the division of former Kingdom of Galicia-Lodomeria, it has been decided that the region of Transcarpathia is to be integrated into [ROOT.GetAdjective] lands.
Excellent!
An Almost Lawful Coup
The day is here. The plan is in action. As agreed, the Sejm and the Council of Ministers leveraged their power to bypass ordinary parliamentary process, and granted General Edward Rydz-Śmigły supreme power to 'take action to ensure inviolability of Polish territory and the constitution.' In his role as the Chief of State, the general was essentially handed executive power by the Sejm. Almost immediately, Warsaw was put under martial law to ensure smooth transfer of power. In combined operation by the military and the police, potential dissidents or German spies were arrested in droves. A new body of Council of State was formed mainly from conservative politicians and military men to advise Rydz.
Free, finally.
The Greater Poland Secession
As German armies crumble and their numerous enemies advance deeper, the Poles of their eastern territories, so-called \
Yes, move in.
The Greater Poland Secession
As our armies crumble and our numerous enemies push deeper into the Fatherland, the always disloyal Poles of our eastern territories have seized the moment and declared their intention to secede from the German Empire. The Supreme People's Council has elected Silesian Pole Wojciech Korfanty as their chairman, a man known as a tireless defender of Polish culture on the basis of Christian principles. The Councils have taken control of many border regions with improvised militias.\n\nThere has been little resistance, both because of the complete disarray of the German army, but also because of Wojciech Korfanty's address to the Germans, especially German Catholics, where he portrayed the conflict as a supra-national Christian cause, where Germans and Poles are both on a righteous crusade against the syndicalists.\n\nMany Germans in Poznań, Danzig and the other border regions have expressed their support for Korfanty's idea. After all, if Germany is collapsing, wouldn't seeking refuge in the east be better than living under tyrannical syndicalists?
Absolutely no!
Better Polish than red.
Protecting Polish Democracy
Finally the responsible men are in charge of Poland, and they have the unique chance to re-make the Polish parliamentary system into something that truly looks out for common people, according to the best Christian morals. This means reducing the political influence of unreliable citizens prone to agitation and radicalism. Socialist trade unions and the Bund, radical Centrolew-aligned organisations ran with Jewish money, syndicalists and other fringe extremists - all of these must be removed from the public sphere. Democracy is only as good as its worst voter.\n\nThe new electoral reform is already in works, which will hopefully reduce the political influence of the socialists. However, there is debate on how far we should go in these measures to safeguard our Polish Christian democracy. The party has many legalists who wish to stay purely on the legal path, but the bolder voices argue that extensive use of secret police will be needed to counter the foreign support to our radicals.
Censorship and gerrymandering should be enough.
A Police state is right when it is for a just cause.
Grumbling in the Senate
As the Land Consolidation Act is being prepared, some sections of it have raised much alarm, especially in the Senate. Newly-forged prime minister Ćwiakowski insists on quite large concessions from the szlachta, and argues that to keep the support of the peasants, the MKP must abandon its typical favouritism to the land magnates, and instead rely on wider support base from the countryside.\n\nWhile not radical compared to what the opposition is proposing, Ćwiakowski's plan would lead to drastic cuts to many large estates' shares. To oppose these plans, a large amount of senators from the ruling parties have presented the prime minister with a demand - he has to moderate his proposal, or face a full-blown parliamentary revolt.
Sit down with them and compromise, don't stop until you agree.
If we don't deliver our promises, who will?
The Fate of the Ćwiakowski Cabinet
After prime minister Ćwiakowski refused to moderate his plans for the Land Consolidation Act, the Sejm has been at standstill. A large amount of MKP and ChZJN senators are refusing to support Ćwiakowski, even though he enjoys thin support in the lower house. According to the Polish constitution, the prime minister cannot be voted out - but he also cannot enact laws without support of the both houses. As Ćwiakowski seems uncompromising, the only path forward is his resignation, or his dismissal by the king.\n\nIn the privy council, the king has been urged to remove the \
Fine, dismiss Ćwiakowski and appoint Sapieha.
A backroom deal can be reached.
The Presidential Election of [GetYear]
As per the Polish constitution, the president is elected with a vote in the Sejm, which naturally gives the ruling party much power over the election.\n\nThus, it is more important to find a candidate who serves as a compromise that enough members of other parties can also support, rather than focus on personal charisma or popularity, which would matter much more in popular elections.\n\nThere are multiple experienced statesmen among the ranks of our party who could be put forward in the Sejm.
Norbert Barlicki.
Stanisław Mikołajczyk.
Jan Woźnicki.
Józef Chaciński.
Gabriel Narutowicz.
Wincenty Witos.
Adam Chadzynski.
Władysław Grabski.
Eustachy Sapieha.
Józef Chaciński.
Wojciech Korfanty.
Wincenty Witos.
The Polish Peace Delegation
A group of Polish diplomats have met with our ambassador through their embassy in a neutral country. They have requested to begin talks of a truce and an eventual peace, as [POL.GetNameDef] does not consider the war worthwhile anymore.\n\nThe social democratic Centrolew government of Poland has expressed their wish for peaceful cooperation with the syndicalist states. While not truly revolutionary, the current Polish Socialist Party is known for their belief in true socialism, and we have supported their revolutionary wing in many occasions.\n\nWe could accept peace with [POL.GetNameDef], in exchange that they will put a true revolutionary government in power. This will no doubt set us in a collision course with Moscow.
A group of Polish diplomats have met with our ambassador through their embassy in a neutral country. They have requested to begin talks of a truce and an eventual peace, as [POL.GetNameDef] does not consider the war worthwhile anymore, and they have expressed their wish for peaceful cooperation with Russia against the Syndicalist menace in the west.\n\nSome argue that Polish loyalty can only be ensured through a military victory over their German collaborator government, but more pragmatic voices in the cabinet have noted that an alliance with Poland is a good way to appear as the protector of Central Europe from French Imperialism.
Let's have peace - and war reparations.
Let's have peace - with no strings attached.
Once a German collaborator, always a German collaborator.
The Negotiations Break down
No matter what we offered, the diplomats of [FROM.GetNameDef] have dismissed all our proposals of peace. It seems like they are hell-bent on war, and consider the negotiations as merely a bluff to keep us distracted.\n\nIt appears that we have no choice but to wage this battle into its inevitable, bloody end - but such is the fate of Poland. We were fools to believe in goodwill from the [FROM.GetAdjective].
We shall die fighting!
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Demands
As expected, the [INT.GetAdjective] have demanded that we \
The Russians have been rather graceful in their demands. They have accepted to honour both the current eastern borders of Poland, and the current government of [POL.GetSecondInCommand]. However, they demand immediate demobilisation of Poland's armed forces, and the trial of war criminals and \
We will accept, for the sake of peace.
We shall not become slaves!
A Truce in Poland
The Poles have struck a deal with the Russians, believing that Moscow can save them from the revolution. They have been willing to sell their pride and their democracy to the altar of the Russian Imperialism, as if they do not know the worth of Russian promises already.\n\nNeedless to say, it is but a temporary measure, as Russia cannot delay the liberation of the working people more than a man can stop a river from flowing. The reactionary Poles might have bought some time for their slave nation, but make no mistake - their time will come!
The Poles have struck a deal with the Syndicalists, believing that Paris can save them from us. They have been quick to betray their democracy and faith to become yet another syndicalist puppet nation on the leash of Paris, all clad in the pretext of \
We will crush them in time.
The revolution will claim them soon enough.
Poland Refuses Peace!
To the dismay of all, the stubborn Polish diplomats have refused to continue the peace negotiations.\n\nIt seems that they have chosen to fight to the bitter end - perhaps because they have some misplaced faith that the two behemoths will clash in the following weeks.
The Poles have signed their own death warrant.
The Birth of the Polish Socialist Republic
The snap elections of [GetYear] ended with major gains for the far-left parties. The campaign was anything but fair: now banned \
We will finally break our chains.
The Guns Fall Silent
The armistice has been signed between Poland and both of the opposing alliances. While the end of the bloody war has been a relief to the Poles, one cannot help but notice the air of uncertainty as the Russian troops crossed the border, this time as allies. The more pessimistic observers have noted Poland's position between the two blocs as precarious, and should any hostilities break out, fighting would quickly engulf Polish territory.\n\nThe Russians have done their best to appear as brothers instead of invaders, though it is widely recognised in Poland that Moscow's orbit is the lesser of two evils. Contrary to expectations, the government of [RUS.GetSecondInCommand] has promised to honour Polish democracy, and are willing to work with anyone, as long as they are upholding the peace treaty and seeking to combat the spread of socialism.
The new beginning.
Securing Polish Loyalty
The relationship of Russia and Poland has been a stormy one, and the decades of being apart have not built much trust. Even though the current government of Poland has expressed their willingness to cooperate with Moscow, there are those who wish to go further and ensure that socialism and anti-Russian propaganda will have no room in Poland. We have cooperated with the Polish National Democrats to this common goal, and many in our government believe that Poland governed by them would fit our vision better.\n\nPressuring Poland to arrange new elections, one that Adam Doboszyński's men will win, would be relatively simple feat in the current world situation.
Continue with the plan.
This is nonsense!
The Endek Takeover
It began with a demand from [RUS.GetLeader]'s government to remove collaborators and radical socialists from the government and public positions, or peaceful relations with Moscow \
Trusting Moscow was a mistake.
Germany Approaches with an Alliance
Now that we find ourselves unaligned, Germany has quickly set their sights on us again. Albeit with more a polite tone than last time, they have once again offered us a military alliance. With the current instability in the Danubian region, it would at least defend us from possibly hostile actions by the Austrian ultranationalist regime. However, such an alliance does remind many of Poland's subjugation under Germany during August IV's reign, and thus a more open relationship has also been proposed. It seems that Germans, too, have understood this, and are willing to accept simpler Treaty of Friendship.
Let's ally them - out of our own free will this time.
Let's keep the Germans at arm's length.
Small Farmers' Debt Skyrockets
The Polish countryside is strongly polarised, between very large estates owned by the nobility, and barely self-sufficient smallholders with plots too small to acquire capital for mechanisation or expansion. This has led to many small-scale farmers accruing large amounts of debt to fund the buying of tractors and other agricultural machines for their villages.\n\nDuring the economic boom this was an effective way of increasing the productivity of land, and eventually paying back the debt, but as the prices for agricultural goods plummet after Black Monday, thousands of farmers have found themselves crushed under a mountain of ever-increasing debt, and face the possibility of losing their land to equally desperate banks.
$poland_events.297.d.text$\n\nNeedless to say, this has led the peasantry to turn increasingly interested in the radical programme of the PSL, preaching for their liberation.
$poland_events.297.d.text$\n\nHowever, our recent overtures towards the cooperative movement have alleviated the issue somewhat, preventing the PSL from capitalising on the unrest.
They are on their own.
Our support for the farmers has paid off.
Hunger Riots in Lublin
The economic fallout has struck Lublin particularly hard, and over 8,000 people have been left unemployed. A delegation organised by the socialists first requested, and then demanded, the city authorities to arrange public work for the starving masses. Rebuked, the mass of workers stormed the State Employment Agency. An 80-man strong police unit was dispatched to disperse the crowd, which led to a melee where the police were forced to use the butts of their rifles and bayonets to stop the people hurling stones at them.\n\nFinally after two volleys of rifle fire, the crowd's spirit broke. Leaving at least twelve people hospitalised and two dead, the workers dispersed for now. We can only expect more of such encounters if the economic situation does not improve.
Organise more relief work.
Order must be maintained, with bayonets if it comes to that.
Bloody Friday
Good Friday, the day commemorating the death of Christ, turned bloody this year, as thousands of the unemployed attacked the Zawiercie city hall near Kielce. They demanded to be paid their unemployment allowances, but due to a bureaucratic mistake, the payrolls had not been prepared yet.\n\nThe enraged crowd, fearing for their livelihood, stormed the offices, no doubt organised by the syndicalists. The situation escalated into a firefight with the police, claiming at least two lives. The situation had calmed down by the evening, and the allowances were paid to the people the next day.
The Police were right to use force.
The protests were reasonable.
The Aftermath of the Berlin Crash
It took mere hours for the Warsaw Stock Exchange to crash, once the news reached us of the events in Germany. Numerous corporations - not only German, but Polish as well - had invested greatly into government bonds, which they now found to be worthless. More and more panic selling followed as the chain of dominoes continued their fall. The Bank of Poland, independent of the government, held a sizable amount of German government bonds that had been used to stabilise the Polish market during the past few years.\n\nWith the current turn of events, this proved to be a horrible decision, as a major part of the bank's reserve stock lost all of its value, sending our currency into freefall. Hundreds of thousands of Poles, perhaps millions, have lost their savings and very quickly afterwards, their jobs, as the entire private economy came crashing down. Two decades of economic growth with the German juggernaut has come to a screeching halt, and we are left alone to pick up the pieces.
Oh no...
The Fall of the Eastern Railway
The Polish railway network, managed by the KKWiP (Królewskie Koleje Współpracy i Postępu) is largely owned by a German subsidiary of the KPuGHStE (Königlich Preußische und Großherzoglich Hessische Staatseisenbahn), a Prussian government railway company. This arrangement has secured German oversight over the vital transportation route to the Oststaaten, but also required considerable funding to keep the route operable for major military deployments to the East.\n\nWith a dramatically reduced need for traffic, and cuts to the KPuGHStE budget, the railway's fate is now uncertain. With thousands of railway workers unemployed, the Polish government is under tremendous pressure to buy the corporation out from Prussian hands. This would result in the Poles taking care of the little financial losses, but our military questions how safe it would be to entrust the Poles with the ownership of the most vital route in Mitteleuropa.
We have bigger issues!
Save it, it is a matter of national security.
An Investment Chance in Poland
As it so happens, Germany has decided to abandon their lordship over the Polish State Railways after the KPuGHStE, the Prussian railway conglomerate, could not keep the railway running due to the massive economic downturn and a lack of funds. This railway route is perhaps the single most important railway for Germany, connecting the Kaiserreich proper to her Oststaaten.\n\nThe Polish government is planning to buy the route themselves, but should we decide to, we could buy the majority ownership with loans. While expensive in the middle of the crisis, this move would greatly increase our influence in the Polish economy, and in turn reduce Berlin's sway over them.
This is hardly the time!
This could give us leverage in Poland...
The Fate of the German-Owned Railways
The Polish railway network is managed by the Polish crown company KKWiP (Królewskie Koleje Współpracy i Postępu), which is largely owned by a German subsidiary of the KPuGHStE (Königlich Preußische und Großherzoglich Hessische Staatseisenbahn), a Prussian government railway company. This arrangement has secured German oversight over the vital transportation route to the Oststaaten, but also supple funding from Germany, securing thousands of jobs for Poles.\n\nWith a dramatically reduced need for traffic and cuts to the KPuGHStE budget, the railway's fate is now uncertain. With thousands of railway workers unemployed, we are under tremendous pressure to buy the corporation out from Prussian hands. This would be very expensive and comparable to nationalisation, but it would let us secure the railway workers' jobs - and of course give us full control of the highly strategic transportation route.
This is our chance to buy it.
It's called free trade for a reason.
Polish Railways Crash
With a lack of government buying, KPuGHStE has sold their major share of the Polish State Railways, KKWiP. This has led to the free-fall of KKWiP funds, and a constantly worsening financial situation, forcing the company to fire a large part of its workers.\n\nNeedless to say, this is both an economic catastrophe for Poland and a great setback to German designs to keep the Polish economy on a tight leash.
Damnation!
German-Polish Railway Bailed out by [POL_railway_owner]
[POL_railway_owner] has spent a considerable amount of money to save the KKWiP (Polish State Railways) from collapse, by buying the majority of the shares sold by the German holding company, the KPuGHStE.\n\nWith this major investment, the route and its workers have their immediate livelihood secured for time being.
A silver lining!
Major [FROM.GetAdjective] Investment
It was announced that a major [FROM.GetAdjective] industrial conglomerate is expanding their business in Poland. Some say that foreign corporations already control too much of our economy, but they are ignoring the obvious upsides of such deals: the factories will bring countless new jobs to the Polish people, and with jobs they can support their families and stay out of radical movements.
Business is booming.
No deal.
Monarchy Means Security!
Despite our troubled relations with our great western neighbour, many Poles have started to see a good relationship with Berlin as a safeguard for work and security.\n\nA German-Polish Friendship Association has been especially vocal in organising charitable and cultural events, celebrating the shared history of Poland and Germany, such as their common struggle against Swedish Imperialism in the 17th century, and the common fight against Tsarist tyranny in the Weltkrieg. The most visible, new campaign has used slogan 'Monarchy means Security!', tying Poland's foreign policy and stability into the monarchy. These pro-German campaigns have drawn ire from the opposition, as usual.
Alright.
Try to minimise it...
Major Factories Close Down
A major industrial conglomerate has announced their plans to shut down their factory, leaving approximately 200 workers unemployed as a result.\n\nA reason they have cited is the cheaper costs of labour elsewhere. It is expected for them to move their business to Ukraine, or perhaps White Ruthenia, where labour is even cheaper than in Poland. There is little we can do to make them stay.
Curses!
Future of the Polish Government
Our ambassador at Warsaw has contacted Berlin in need of instructions. The German ambassadors have long since been important advisors to King August IV and almost any government has required at least tolerance from Germany. As the elections are getting closer, and victory for the pro-German MKP seem likely, the ambassador is asking what kind of government would be most acceptable for Berlin. In practice, this will mean either the national liberal side of the MKP, or more blatantly pro-German and authoritarian Statehood Party inside MKP.\n\nOur military and much of the major businesses are sympathethic towards the Statehood Party and Władysław Studnicki for obvious reasons, but more savvy political analysts in the government have pointed out that continuation of Antoni Ponikowski's liberal rule would be more stable and more acceptable choice for Polish opposition - while in practice maintaining all of our current interests in the country, despite their Polish nationalism.
Let's see that Ponikowski wins.
Studnicki is preferred by Berlin.
Do not intervene.
Polish Economic Independence Recognised
Treaty of Friendship and Economic Cooperation
In the aftermath of the economic depression, many German businesses withdrew from Poland, and many of these industries were later nationalised by the government. Despite their cost, the etatist policies enacted have moved much of the Polish economy into the control of the state, and Polish conglomerates such as \
After the economic crash and depression, the Polish economy only managed to stay afloat through their close connections to the economic powerhouses of Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Empire. As they started to recover, the entirety of Mitteleuropa did so with them, Poland being one of the first.\n\nNow with the worst economic crisis and the chaotic elections are behind us, it's time to focus on stability and building a solid foundation for future economic cooperation in Central Europe.
The worst is behind us.
Poland Asserts Economic Independence
In the aftermath of the economic depression, many German and Danubian businesses withdrew from Poland, and many of these industries were later nationalised by the government. Despite their cost, the etatist policies enacted have moved much of the Polish economy into the control of the state.\n\nWe have to face the facts - our leverage in Poland has suffered badly from this, as Warsaw will be much less economically dependent on us in the future. But then again, the situation is no different from many other parts of Mitteleuropa.
Alright.
The Polish Government Contract
The Polish government has signed a lucrative contract with a major domestic industrial conglomerate. The deal will bring our country work and money, and strengthen our influence in the country.
Cheers!
Germany Promises Autonomy
To alleviate growing unrest and war weariness in Poland, the German government has thanked Poland for its noble sacrifices in the current war, and have promised that they will grant us wider autonomy once the threat has passed.\n\nThe promises were greeted with joy in Poland, and they have greatly validated the war in the eyes of the public. There are some who remain sceptical, though after such a public promise, should the Germans break it, it would not look good in the eyes of their other allies.
They are gracious overlords.
There's no point trusting the Germans.
Fulfilling the Polish Promises
The Poles have fought bravely and loyally with us. Despite all the bitterness and bad blood between us, it is undeniable that the Poles are our brothers in arms. Polish and German soldiers have fought side by side through the mud and snow of vast Russia. They have saved each other's lives countless times, and ultimately enjoyed a shared victory against the Russian warmongers who would have rather destroyed Polish independence.\n\nIt is time to fulfil our war-time promises, and officially withdraw much of our oversight and control over Polish affairs. While Polish foreign policy will still remain under our purview, they will be free otherwise.
They have earned it.
They shall have full independence.
They would run their nation to the ground in no time.
A Promise of Autonomy
A Promise of Independence
Despite all the bitterness and bad blood between us and the Germans, it is undeniable that Polish and German soldiers have fought side by side through the mud and snow of vast Russia. They have saved each other's lives countless times, and ultimately enjoyed a shared victory against the Russian warmongers who would have rather destroyed Polish independence. To celebrate this friendship, Germany has officially withdrawn much of their oversight and control over Polish affairs, as they promised during the darkest days of the war.
To Polish-German friendship!
Berlin Betrays Their Promises
Germany has declined to grant us the autonomy they had promised us during the war.\n\nThis disappointment will torpedo any friendly future between our two nations...
We were fools to believe them.
Joint Exercises with [FROM.GetNameDef]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has proposed a major joint military exercise between the [FROM.GetAdjective] and [ROOT.GetAdjective] forces. Exercises between countries of the Reichspakt are not uncommon at all, and we share a lot of the same equipment and training, mostly thanks to our friends in Berlin.\n\nIn this light their plan is nothing strange, and in the constantly darkening international situation, especially with growing Russian revanchism, additional exercises seem justified.\n\nShould we accept, they are also interested in more in-depth branch-specific training that could greatly hone our tactics and practical technology.
Let us perfect our infantry manoeuvres.
Focus on the coordination of artillery.
Prepare a combined arms exercise with armoured units.
So they want to learn our military secrets? Decline the plan.
A Joint Exercise with [FROM.GetNameDef]
A major joint exercise was launched today between [FROM.GetAdjective] and [ROOT.GetAdjective] forces. The manoeuvres were focused on the modern usage of infantry as both a defensive and offensive force.\n\nDespite the new technologies of the 30s, the backbone of our armies will always be the man and his rifle - and it is critical for us to refine the tactics learned from the Weltkrieg into something modern and dynamic, capable of standing against the modernised Russian army once again.
Major joint exercises were launched today between [FROM.GetAdjective] and [ROOT.GetAdjective] forces. The manoeuvres were focused on modern artillery and radio targeting systems.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, artillery proved its importance as the uncrowned King of the battlefield, and with that philosophy we must further advance our artillery tactics. It is the best force multiplier we have against the massive Russian army - and it should remain that way.
A major joint exercise was launched today between [FROM.GetAdjective] and [ROOT.GetAdjective] forces. The manoeuvres were focused on the most modern branch of our armies - armoured columns.\n\nThere are many conflicting ideas on how armour should be deployed even among our own high command, and major armoured exercises like these are good chances to hone our understanding of armoured warfare, combined arms doctrine and the practical capabilities of armour models. If we are to survive the inevitable Russian onslaught, we need to make up for their numbers with superior technology and tactics.
Mobility is the key to victory.
Coordination and communication is invaluable.
Concentration of force will still win the wars.
Lessons of the Exercises
After a thorough analysis of our exercises and technology sharing with our allies, we have identified some aspects of our current military that can be easily improved. The exercise has also taught our commanders practical lessons on using modern equipment in the harsh regions of Eastern Europe.\n\nDespite the occasional inter-cultural clash among the common soldiers, the exercise was considered to be a success by both high commands.
Interesting.
The Appointment of the General Inspector
As professional as the Polish Army may be in comparison to its fellow members of the Reichspakt, a series of reports made by the Ministry of Defence throughout the 30s has spurred the creation of a programme for the general modernisation of the Army. The first task of the programme would be the formation of the General Inspectorate of the Armed Forces, an office which reports directly to the head of state and oversees the modernisation of the military, while also serving the role of commander-in-chief in the case of war.\n\nThe Germans, unsurprisingly, push forward the candidacy of Heinz Guderian. While giving a German such a high role in the Army would be a risky move, he is a brilliant visionary and his ideas of mobile warfare have been applauded by many as the next step forward in warfare.\n\nKazimierz Sosnkowski is another reputable choice, a genius organiser and an intellectual, palatable to many of the factions in the government. A third option would be the uncontroversial Leon Berbecki, whose tireless work is to thank for the good shape of the Polish army nowadays. He is both reasonably popular as a former Legionary, but also among those who cooperated very early with the monarchy.
Guderian, a brilliant visionary, is who we need.
Sosnkowski will turn the Army into a force to be feared.
Berbecki will be a fine General Inspector.
The 22TP Project
The joint German-Polish 22TP Project is the prime example of the fruits of cooperation. The original 8TP has improved upon the original in almost every regard, but it has since been shown to be outdated in just as many ways. The new 9-tonne tank is aimed to improve upon its predecessor, but instead of a general-purpose vehicle, the designers are divided between two visions.\n\nThe Polish lead designer, Edward Habich, has proposed multiple improvements to vehicle's armour, believing that 22TP's function should be infantry support, like its predecessors. Heinz Guderian is proposing to focus on mobility instead, by saving on armour but installing more powerful engines and radios to the units.
Focus on speed.
Focus on protection.
A Polish Ship Contract
As part of laying foundations for the reborn Polish navy, the Navy has hired a local dockyard to refit some of the obsolete vessels they have captured during the war.\n\nWhile minor in the grand scheme of things, the order was nonetheless received with joy by the dockyard workers.
Of course we will help them.
The German Labour Cooperation
A project of dubious morality was started today as the German Ministry of Economy opened the Deutsch-Polnische Zusammenarbeit, an initiative that has been sugar-coated as a wonderful opportunity for the Poles to satisfy the needs of the ever-thirsting German war industry by working in heavy industry, mining and forestry, mainly in the Prussian and Silesian regions.\n\nFor some, it has brought back memories of the Weltkrieg-era forced labour that the Germans recruited from occupied Poland, but this time Berlin has been much more tactful and have promised decent wages - at least compared to the Polish ones - and naturally a way to dodge military service. Joining is purely done on a voluntary basis, though Berlin has been clear that if the soft means do not work, then harsher methods of persuasion will be utilised.
I suppose it beats the Eastern Front.
Every man is needed for the frontlines!
Increased D.P.Z. Recruiting
Germany has intensified their recruitment efforts for the German-Polish Labour Cooperation, and has even made deals to use Polish prisoners to alleviate the constant manpower need of German war industry.\n\nMany of the urban poor have already taken up the offer, and found work in Prussian forestry and agriculture, though a number of scandals about mistreatment of the workers has dimmed the popularity of the work exchange a bit.
They know best.
Decreasing D.P.Z. Recruiting
Thanks to recent events, less foreign workers have been needed in German industries lately, leading to an influx of exchange workers returning to Poland.\n\nThere are hopes that the recruitment will remain low, as it has become more and more unpopular as it has dragged on, and for now the government has scored a victory.
Alright.
Unrest against the German Labour Cooperation
The nation has been shocked by revelations published by the newspaper Robotnik, documenting numerous accounts from Polish workers in Germany detailing their poor treatment, withdrawn pay and false promises by their German managers. Despite the workers being volunteers, the case has generated major outrage, and a delegation from the PPS officially requested the Prime Minister to launch an investigation into the matter\n\nThe more German-minded politicians would rather keep silent about the entire matter, disregarding it as a collection of singular cases of disappointments that do not reflect the labour exchange as a whole. In any case, the people are demanding something to be done.
There's nothing we can do.
Negotiate better terms with the Germans, then.
Agricultural Exports to [FROM.GetNameDef]
[FROM.GetName] has petitioned us to direct more of our agricultural products to their populations, explaining how we need to work together to beat the hardship of the war. Having realised the vulnerability of major cities already in the first Weltkrieg, [FROM.GetAdjective] are now trying to secure enough grain for their urban population from vast farmlands of Eastern Europe.\n\nThey are paying us a lot worse than our farmers could get from private markets - but then again, it is for the common cause, is it not?
We'll accept.
We cannot spare any!
The Delegation of Lithuanian Poles
A committee of Polish and Jewish people of influence - elected representatives, cultural figures, legal experts - headed by Stanisław Narutowicz, have met with the Polish prime minister. They are requesting our government to support them as the new Lithuanian government, formed by the Lithuanian Nationalist Union, has started blatant Lithuanisation policies in the country's multi-ethnic south.\n\nThe Poles and Belarusians claim that these attempts are unconstitutional and tyrannical, and have pleaded the Polish government to support them against Antanas Smetona's designs to fully end the autonomy of the Białystok region, and other ethnic autonomies in Lithuania.
Demand an explanation from Smetona's government.
It's their problem.
Warsaw demands an Explanation!
The Polish Ambassador delivered a politely worded letter from [POL.GetLeader] to us today.\n\nThey have the nerve to demand an explanation concerning the treatment of Poles in southern Lithuania, and invoke some earlier treaties where [POL.GetNameDef] was defined as one of the observers to ensure that Lithuanian ethnic minorities are treated justly.
In Lithuania we obey Lithuanian laws!
Smetona Uncooperative
The response we received from Lithuania was anything but satisfactory.\n\nIn it, Prime Minister Smetona assured that Lithuanian laws will be followed in the entirety of Lithuania, and that foreign countries should not concern themselves with what are Lithuanian domestic issues.
Two can play this game. Send troops to\nthe border.
We did what the delegation asked of us.
Polish Mobilisation!
It seems like the Poles are not joking. Our military intelligence reported that a Polish division has been concentrated to our border near Białystok. Obviously they claim it to be \
Send a force of our own!
This could get out of hand...
§RIf you back down, you might not be able to complete your national focus tree.§!
The Polish-Lithuanian Standoff
After Antanas Smetona became the Lithuanian prime minister, his government has pursued aggressive Lithuanisation policies, including the abolishment of the autonomous regions that had previously been given to Lithuania's numerous minorities. While normally we would not care less of such domestic politics, it seems that the situation has escalated greatly.\n\nBoth Polish and Lithuanian armies have brought troops and equipment to the border, and Białystok is openly resisting the Lithuanian government. The entire situation has turned incredibly messy, and incidents like these almost make many wish that we would not have to act as the judge in the squabbles of the Eastern European states.
Smetona will run his country as he wishes.
Pressure Lithuania to quit their stupidity.
They can negotiate it themselves.
Orders from Berlin
It would appear that the government in Berlin is not at all pleased. Polish forces were ordered to stand down, which was eventually obeyed following considerable protestation.\n\nWhat followed was a harsh crack-down of the Białystok resistance, as the Lithuanian military and police arranged mass arrests to pacify the situation.
Fine, we'll stand down...
... but that doesn't stop us from opposing Smetona.
Another feather for Smetona's cap!
The Birth of the Białystok Resistance
Calming the situation was not as easy as the Lithuanian law enforcement imagined, it seems. During the past few months, the opposite has happened. Poles, Jews and Belarusians are all passively resisting of our Lithuanisation policies, and there seems to be increasing radicalisation among them. There have already been some incidents of arms smuggling, worryingly similar to what the Activist Front has been previously doing.\n\nOur intelligence seems to point out that much of the resistance organisation is funded and directed from the Polish side, to where many leading figures have escaped. Poland has not been willing to extradite them, which leaves us with little choices but to squash the resistance through increasingly tightening law enforcement.
As if the LAF wasn't enough...
German Ultimatum to Smetona
The LTS government had not been worried, as they believed that the Germans would not defend the Poles, not with their own issues with minorities. Perhaps they ignored how much the word of King August IV carried weight in Germany, as Berlin seems to have taken the Polish side on the issue.\n\nThe Germans criticise Smetona's policies for their incompetence, and his failing to maintain stability in the Kingdom of Lithuania. In very plain words, they demand Lithuanian forces to stand down, respect the existing autonomies, and stop inciting unrest in a strategically important region.
Since when have they cared for Poles?
We're not going to stand down on this!
It seems like the Kaiser's son is of some use after all.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one!
Białystok Aflame
As neither side has budged, constantly growing unrest in Białystok finally reached the tipping point. A general strike was called, and the protestors barricaded factories and streets all across the city. The unrest spread to the surrounding Polish countryside like wildfire, and sympathy strikes were arranged as far as in Vilnius.\n\nWith the fears that the Belarusians will soon join the fight, Lithuanian forces used force to scatter the crowd gathered at the Kościuszko Square. Shots were fired, and the Poles in the Lithuanian army started to desert en masse. The situation grew worse every day, and Polish troops that were posted to the border were witnesses to the revolutionary mood, and started demanding that they should intervene to protect their countrymen.\n\nIn a last ditch intervention, King [LIT.GetLeader] made a public appearance, and as the commander-in-chief of the Lithuanian forces, he ordered them away from the border to de-escalate the situation. In the same address, he called upon his counterpart in Poland with assurances that the situation would be solved diplomatically. Antanas Smetona is furious, having counted the King as either an ally, or at least a harmless figurehead.
That traitor!
Cooler heads prevailed.
The Vilnius Summit
The negotiations about the status of southern Lithuania, meditated by both Germany and Austria, have reached their conclusion. Polish representatives were joined by their counterparts from [BLR.GetName], who joined in the complaints about Smetona's government's war on their culture. While Lithuanian delegates argued that the issue is merely domestic, and that even Germany does not have the legal right to change Lithuanian laws, King [LIT.GetLeader] made the decisive choice to suggest a referendum in the relevant regions.\n\nSuch a suggestion was of course seen as treason by the LTS and many Lithuanians, and seen as validation to claims that the king is truly a German, not a Lithuanian. In the end, Lithuanian negotiators had no choice but to accept, even if the outcome of the referendum seemed obvious to everyone.
Catastrophe! Betrayal!
A victory for diplomacy.
Białystok Joins [POL.GetNameDef]
An overwhelming majority of people in the southernmost counties of Lithuania have voted to join [POL.GetNameDef]. It seems that a multi-ethnic Lithuania is dead as a concept, put to the grave by Smetona's ambition.\n\nLithuanian liberals lament it as a tragedy, while the nationalists are furious over being \
Justice!
Greater Lithuania is collapsing under our very eyes!
A Compromise Reached
With German meditation, the situation has been de-escalated. To the great disappointment of Lithuanian nationalists, the LTS government was forced to back down in their ambitious plans of making Lithuanian the sole official language, and they bitterly agreed to maintain the autonomous regions in southern Lithuania. The occasion was widely cheered in both southern Lithuania and in Poland as a national victory.
Great.
The collapse of the Smetona Government
Alantas Smetona's election victory was made possible by the conservative voters of the LKDP throwing their lot behind him. Now that he seems to have failed his party, and brought upon a \
Pride cometh before a fall.
Vawkavysk Joins [BLR.GetNameDef]
Lithuania's southeastern counties have voted to join [BLR.GetNameDef]. It seems that a multi-ethnic Lithuania is dead as a concept, put to the grave by Smetona's ambition.\n\nLithuanian liberals lament it as a tragedy, while the nationalists are furious over being \
Justice!
Poland Proposes an Alliance!
[POL.GetNameDefCap] has invited us to join them in building an alliance of small, democratic states in Eastern Europe and the Balkans, neutral from the meddling of the great powers.\n\nThis alliance between the seas will foster cooperation and mutual defence across the region, and pledges to build a peaceful Eastern Europe, free and prosperous.
[POL.GetNameDefCap] has invited us to their grand alliance project, to secure the freedom of the peoples between German and Russian spheres.\n\nPoland's new leader, Adam Doboszyński, seems like an atypical Polish nationalist, as he appears to genuinely believe in cooperation between like-minded Eastern European Christian peoples.
We will join!
This seems pointless.
[FROM.GetName] is not interested
Disappointingly, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government could not see beyond the typical nationalistic bickering that has kept our mutual region from developing for so long.\n\nAs bad news as it is, we will respect their decision to stay out of our cooperation.
Disappointingly, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government could not see beyond the typical nationalistic bickering that has kept our mutual region disunited for so long.
Sad.
Poland Petitions to join our Alliance
Today we received a diplomatic delegation from Poland, expressing their interest in military alliance with us. They feel that military cooperation would further both of our goals in Eastern Europe, and they claim to possess the most effective army in the region. Should we accept them?
Of course!
No way.
[FROM.GetName] refuses us!
This must be caused by propaganda of our enemies. Why else would our request be so bluntly denied?
They will regret this!
The Money behind the [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
The tabloid \
Shut down the magazine NOW!
Who believes tabloids anyway?
We must take this seriously and conduct an anti-corruption campaign.
The Lewiatan Lobby
During the elections, the Centrolew parties focused much on corruption and the pro-business lobby. Now that they are in power, some anti-corruption investigations have already been launched with additional plans for nationalisation of the economic sector. Collectively, these are making the members of Lewiatan, an association of Polish investors and industrialists, understandably wary of the new government.\n\nSome of the Lewiatan leadership such as Warsaw-based banker Czesław Klarner have announced their intentions to fund the opposition parties, as protest to the \
Well, compromises are part of politics...
We must be incorruptible!
Has a backroom deal with Lewiatan
§RYou will be unable to complete some reforms.§!
The arrest of Centrolew Politicians
In the last night, a series of arrests were conducted against the leaders of the PPS and the PSL. Carried out on the orders of [POL.GetSecondInCommand], the police hit the homes of a few dozen Sejm delegates and transported them to the Rakowiecka Prison in Warsaw, infamous for being used by the Okhrana to jail political dissidents.\n\nThey have been accused of inciting the peasant uprising of 1937, inciting disobedience towards the authorities, organising anti-state protests and preparing to overthrow the legal government. Among the accused there are famous socialist and liberal politicians like Norbert Barlicki, Stanisław Dubois and Maksymilian Malinowski.\n\nWith the arrests, entire leadership of the Centrolew has been practically decimated.
Stability at last.
The Expansion of Polskie Radio S.A. - Raszyn
Earlier today the first broadcasts could be heard throughout the nation from the newest radio station operated by Polskie Radio S.A. in Raszyn. This radio station, with the most powerful transmitter in Europe, has a power of 120 kilowatts, and can be heard from hundreds of kilometres away.\n\nThis long-range station will allow all Polish citizens nationwide to hear the news and other important information from the comfort of their own homes.
A fantastic achievement.
The Expansion of Polskie Radio S.A. - Warsaw II
Continuing the expansion of their national radio network, Polskie Radio S.A. has today begun broadcasting from their second permanent radio station in Warsaw, bringing their total number of stations to five.\n\nThese stations and their coverage of Poland proper ensure that Polish radio broadcasts reach Polish people all across Europe, even crossing national boundaries.
The Polish voice knows no bounds.
The Land Consolidation Act
While most agree that Polish agricultural production is riddled with inefficiency, inequality and social issues, the actual solutions vary drastically. Many landowners are not openly hostile towards selling their excess land to the government, who will then distribute it to the landless - but the question of what exactly is considered \
400 hectares, with exemptions.
400 hectares, with no exemptions.
150 hectares, with the possibility of compensation.
The Land Consolidation Act
White Ruthenia has been a great example of the dangers of socialism, even in \
Only break up the estates owned by non-Poles.
The Poles have to sell the excess land, too.
The Redistribution of Farmland
When [POL.GetRulingParty] came to power, we had a promise: to empower the Polish peasant, the basic unit of any healthy nation. And with our massively ambitious programme to finish the lacklustre reforms of the past, we intend to slay the hydra of the great land magnates once and for all, like our brothers in Galicia did a century ago.\n\nWe shall confiscate the massive fields held by corrupt noblemen, those who have so many times sold their nation to the foreign invaders. We shall also break apart the great estates held by the Prussian elites, acquired with deceit, and ran with the toil of Polish peasants.
But we're not savages, we will compensate\nthe owners.
The corrupt need no more money.
Kielce-Pressburg Line Opened
With their heavy investment in Hungarian railways, the Hungarian government has had an ongoing interest in the developing our connections to their own country, Hungary of course being pioneers in railway development, and having the most international railways connections in the world. When the Polish Railway Authorities approached the Hungarian State Railways to establish a number of new international connections, the MAV were highly interested.\n\nOf these lines, the biggest connection would be the Kielce-Pressburg line. Passing through Kraków in Galicia, the line will terminate in Pressburg, Hungary and offer travellers connections to other Hungarian railways, or to transit onto Austria via Vienna, or down South into the Balkan states.
To Transcarpathian cooperation!
Warschau-Posen Line Modernised
Today, an express service originating from Warschau Centralna arrived at Posen Main, signalling the conclusion of the Warsachu-Posen Line modernisation works, as part of Poland's effort to modernise their aging railway system.\n\nThe German province of Posen has traditionally held a close link with Poland, given its noticeable Polish population, as well as serving as a midway point between the Polish railway and the rail terminal in Berlin, which is a valuable asset to the Polish and German government alike. However, the railway line has been plagued by its aging infrastructure built in the late 19th century, lacking the repairs and modernisation needed to support the faster, heavier and more frequent trains that have been running since the rise of Mitteleuropa.\n\nFor the past few months, workmen have been working overtime to finish the modernisation work quickly and minimise disruption. Railway lines along the Warschau-Posen Line have been upgraded and modernised, reinforcing bridges and track sleepers along the line as well as implementing modern signalling systems. The conclusion of the project is expected to bring Poland further into Mitteleuropa, by bringing Warsaw closer to Berlin, and its success has undoubtedly brought valuable experience in modernising infrastructure shared by multiple nations.
A great success!
Expansion of the Warschau-Danzig Line
As one of the biggest ports on the Baltic Sea, Danzig has been one of the most common destinations for Polish businessmen, tourists and goods alike, becoming Poland's window to the wider world. With Poland pursuing closer ties with the rest of Mitteleuropa, train traffic along the Warschau-Danzig line has increased significantly to the brink of overloading the railway line.\n\nPreviously, the railway tracks along the line had been limited to serving a dozen trains per day, due to a limited rail capacity and low train speed. Due to its economic importance for Poland, the line has been on the forefront for expansion, and only now has the comprehensive expansion concluded.\n\nThe stretch of rail has been completely revamped, adding additional tracks to support heavier and more frequent railways. This effort is intended to increase Poland's capacity for both the import and export of goods, and is expected to bring a notable increase in trade not only to Poland, but also bring sizable additional revenue to the port of Danzig through tariffs.
To further cooperation!
Polish-Silesian Line Expanded
As one of the earliest railway lines built in Silesia, the Oberschlesische Eisenbahn has served the Prussian government since the mid-1840s. The line since then has been modernised multiple times to serve heavy traffic from Silesia. As one of the three main train hubs that connect Poland to Germany, the Polish section of the Polish-Silesian Line has constantly been criticised for being unable to support a large number of passenger and cargo trains, due to the limited capacity on its aging tracks.\n\nWith the high economic priority of the railway, investments were made by the Polish government to expand its tracks. Since the Polish government started work on improving and expanding multiple stretches of railway, and operating more railway lines to better connect them with neighbouring nations, the expansion of the Polish-Silesian Line was inevitable.\n\nCoordinating with the Railway Authorities, a new stretch of track bypassing much of the old infrastructure was built, offering express trains as a faster and more direct route to Poland's main cities, such as Łódź and Warsaw. In addition, plans for further improvement to the rail were drawn up, including the electrification, with electric locomotives to taking over the duty of the heavy coal trains originating from Silesia.
To further cooperation!
Modernisation of Kielce-Kraków Line
To further strengthen the ties with our own nation, Poland has put considerable work into modernising the Kielce-Kraków railway. The project, started a few months ago, has just concluded. The one hundred kilometre long stretch of track is one of the most crucial railways in Poland, connecting the Polish railway network to Southern Europe and the Balkans, being second in annual traffic only to the Warschau-Danzig railway.\n\nThe modernisation of the Kielce-Kraków railway includes constructing new bypasses for express passenger trains, as well as implementing modern signalling systems. The modernisation is expected to increase the throughput rate of the railway by fifty percent.
A great success!
Kielce-Teschen Line
Situated on the border between Bohemia and Poland, Teschen is one of the main connections between the two nations' railway network. The lack of a direct railway link between our closest railway hub in Kielce has annoyed investors and travellers alike. The establishment of the Kielce-Teschen Line aims to remedy the issue and provide a link.
To further cooperation!
Renovation of Warsaw-Białystok Route
The stretch of track connecting Warsaw to Białystok has been a crucial part of the international railways connecting Poland to the Baltic states. While strategically less important than routes to Ukraine, its economic importance for both Poland and Lithuania is immense, as the two countries are deeply intertwined in trade and movement of goods.
Wonderful.
Expansion of Warsaw-Wilno Line
The Polish-German corporations have finished the modernisation of the Warsaw-Białystok-Vilnius line, further tying Lithuania to the Central European economy. It has been celebrated as a symbol of Polish-Lithuanian cooperation.
Another example of Polish-Lithuanian friendship.
Warsaw-Riga Route
With less volatility over the future of the Baltic states, trade has been steadily increasing, and demands for a route that leaves for the Baltic states has followed suit. As part of the Railway Expansion project, a new international route has been established with Latvia, connecting the cities of Warsaw and Riga, the industrial centre of the Baltic States.\n\nThe Route departs Warsaw every two days, and passes Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, before turning for Riga at Daugavpils, terminating at Riga Central Station. The railway line cuts down on the time taken by more than three hours, as well as eliminating the necessity to change trains at Danzig.
Wonderful.
New line connects Lemberg to Lublin
The newest product of Polish-Austrian economic cooperation is the brand new expansion of the Lemberg-Lublin railway. Movement between [POL.GetNameDef] and the Crownland has always been frequent, and additional rail volume has been sorely needed to account for increases in trade.
Good.
Warsaw-Brest Route Expanded
Despite stormy Polish-Ukrainian relations, our cooperation has benefited both of us during the past few decades. With second line from Warsaw to Brest - and beyond, to [202.GetName] - hopefully transportation will be eased. The project has been well received both by businesses and most of all, by the Ukrainian military, as it improves logistics between Germany and the Russian front.
Good.
New Warsaw-[202.GetName] Railway
Previously, trains intending to terminate at [202.GetName] from Germany had to take lengthy detours via other members of Mitteleuropa due to the poor state of Polish railways, plaguing the route with delays, as express trains passing through Poland are required to limit their top speed and even pull aside on antiquated sidings.\n\nAs of now, the newly-opened Warsaw-[202.GetName] Railway intends to pull the two nations closer together by linking the capitals with an express railway, shortening the time taken for the Berlin-[202.GetName] Express from upwards of forty eight hours passing through four nations, to a mere eighteen hours with a single stop. Built to a heightened standard, the tracks support trains up to ten thousand tonnes and a top speed of two hundred and forty kilometres an hour.\n\nWhile it is not expected for trains to immediately be able to fully utilise the potential of the rail now, the high potential for the tracks are intended to serve more powerful locomotives projected to be developed within the decade, as well as the heavier freight trains heading to and from Ukraine and the Caucasus. The railway management body expects to be required to serve ten trains in each direction at any point of the day, including both passenger and cargo trains.
A symbol of Polish-Ukrainian cooperation.
Warsaw-Minsk Route Opened
In a joint Polish-Belarusian project, railway connections between our two nations have been improved drastically. The region is riddled with wetlands and forests, and has for long time contributed to poverty of Belarus. Previous Russian and German railway projects did build the basic infrastructure, but there was much to be desired, especially in terms of commercial, civilian railways. These have been our focus, to ensure that landlocked Belarus is more tightly knit to European trade.
Good.
Increasing Rural Literacy
Historically the formerly Russian-controlled, or, \
Excellent.
In the Defence of the Fatherland
The mood in Poland that day was a curious one. War loomed heavy on the shoulders of all, and despite the censorship, rumours of advancing Russian armies only kept growing. The King and his Cabinet had assured that there was no reason to worry, but everyone knew how Polish units had been discreetly turned back to the homeland, as if to prepare for the final defence against the Russians. Despite von Kries's arguments, the Polish generals and King's ministers had convinced August to prepare Poland's eastern borders instead of fighting a war in further east, though the returning Polish units did seem to calm the minds of King's subjects.\n\nLittle did he know that this was the first move planned by the conspirators within his army and in his government. And had he looked closer, he might have realised that many spoke of the Russians not with fear, but with cautious hope. As the Bear marched closer, it started to be seen more as a liberator instead of a conqueror day by day, as Adam Doboszyński's National Committee had already been smuggled into the Kingdom proper by sympathetic Poles. August IV was sitting on a powderkeg, and the only thing it needed was a spark.
The mood in Poland that day was a curious one. War loomed heavy on the shoulders of all, and despite the censorship, rumours of advancing Russian armies only kept growing. The president had assured that there was no reason to worry, but everyone knew how Polish units had been discreetly turned back to the homeland, as if to prepare for the final defence against the Russians. The Polish general staff and the ministers had decided to prepare the nation's eastern borders instead of fighting a war in the further east, though the returning Polish units did seem to calm the minds of Polish citizens.\n\nLittle did they know, that this was the first move planned by the conspirators within the army and the government - to take the unique chance of switching sides and making the Germans pay for the decades of humiliation. As the Bear marched closer, it started to be seen more as a liberator instead of a conqueror day by day, as Adam Doboszyński's National Committee had already been smuggled into the republic by sympathetic nationalists. Poland was a powderkeg in the middle of the Reichspakt, and the only thing it needed was a spark.
And the conspirators were happy to light the flames.
Treason against the [POL.GetKingdomOrRepublicCap]
The die was cast on [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong]. As the bridges and fortifications around the capital were seized, and the German soldiers were forced to give up their arms, Colonel Adam Koc and group of conspiratorial officers entered Warsaw Palace to cut off the head of the German Hydra strangling the nation. The few Royal Guards who wouldn't let the men pass were shot by the attackers, and the King was intercepted while trying to escape the capital with a band of loyalists, though to prevent further bloodshed, August IV ordered his men to lay down their arms. The King was imprisoned in his Palace to await the nation's judgement.\n\nThe following day was chaotic as the entire nation rose up, and most of the Polish army joined the newly declared \
The die was cast on [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong]. Polish units opened the envelopes containing their secret orders, and the final phase of the national liberation began. Foreign forces were disarmed by General Rydz-Śmigły's orders, and German nationals were imprisoned. Popular wrath quickly rose against anyone who was perceived to have supported the old regime, such as foreign nationals, businessmen or Jews. Nationalist cells, formerly underground, rose up on both sides of the border. The country went up in flames, as Poles on the other side rose up against their socialist government and their Kaiser. All across the nation, violence against Germans, Austrians and Jews was widespread, and anyone thought to be \
So begins our final liberation!
General Strike Called
The mood in Poland had turned more and more against the war the past few months. It was hardly a surprise when the ZZZ, the Bund and other major unions declared their intention to begin a general strike to protest against the conscription and the rationing. Few wanted to die for what was seen as a German war, to entrench German imperialism. So, on [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong], the general strike began. Thousands of people marched to the streets in major cities such as Warsaw and Łódź. The atmosphere was tense, as the royal government stalled and summoned more and more of the army units to the capital.\n\nThe uneasy standoff could not last long, as there had already been skirmishes between socialist militias and the police. Many among the strikers called for a full-blown uprising, to liberate Poland like the French and the British had done before them. Thousands of Zakrzewski's pamphlets were confiscated by the royal authorities, but to no avail. With mounting pressure from Berlin to settle the issue, the King signed the final order he would give as the King of Poland: the decision to break the strike with a show of force.
The mood in Poland had turned more and more against the war the past few months. It was hardly a surprise when the ZZZ, the Bund and other major unions declared their intention to begin a general strike to protest against the conscription and the rationing. Few wanted to die for what was seen as a foreign war, to entrench German imperialism. So, on [?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong], the general strike began. Thousands of people marched to the streets in major cities such as Warsaw and Łódź. The atmosphere was tense, as the government tried to negotiate, while it summoned more and more of the army units to the capital.\n\nThe uneasy standoff could not last long, as there had already been skirmishes between socialist militias and the police. Many among the strikers called for a full-blown uprising, to do what past revolutions had failed to do. Thousands of Zakrzewski's pamphlets were confiscated by the authorities, but to no avail. With mounting pressure to settle the issue, the president signed the order that would become the death of the republic: the decision to break the strike with a show of force.
Stand firm, comrades!
The Flames of Revolution
It was one chaotic shootout in the Nowy Świat Street that sparked the uprising. Entire city blocks descended into fighting, after army units tried to disarm the Red Guards. Tanks rolled in to intimidate the strikers, but were instead attacked with fire bombs and AT rifles stolen from the city's arsenal, as Warsaw became engulfed in fighting. The Citadel was taken over by its own mutinous garrison, as more Polish units refused to take orders from the royal government and sided with the revolution. People's tribunals were formed to judge the traitors, as the fighting spread wider, taking city by city.\n\nAnd in mere days, Poland was in flames. Large parts of the army moved in to secure the border regions, some even continuing to the German side. There were calls to march to the west, to link up with syndicalist comrades in Western Europe. Fighting both internal and external enemies, the revolutionaries managed to keep their grip on the nation. In an emergency session of the Sejm, delegates gathered to elect the Chief of State with no avail. It mattered little - it was clear that the man in control was Kazimierz Zakrzewski, the head of ZZZ and by now the most prominent leader of the general strike.
It was one chaotic shootout in the Nowy Świat Street that sparked the uprising. Entire city blocks descended into fighting, after army units tried to disarm the Red Guards. Tanks rolled in to intimidate the strikers, but were instead attacked with fire bombs and AT rifles stolen from the city's arsenal, as Warsaw became engulfed in fighting. The Citadel was taken over by its own mutinous garrison, as more Polish units refused to take orders from the traitorous government, and sided with the revolution. People's tribunals were formed to judge the traitors, as the fighting spread wider, taking city by city.\n\nAnd in mere days, Poland was in flames. Large parts of the army moved in to secure the border regions, some even continuing to the German side. There were calls to march to the west, to link up with syndicalist comrades in Western Europe. Fighting both internal and external enemies, the revolutionaries managed to keep their grip on the nation. In an emergency session of the Sejm, delegates gathered to elect the Chief of State with no avail. It mattered little - it was clear that the man in control was Kazimierz Zakrzewski, the head of ZZZ and by now the most prominent leader of the general strike.
So begins yet another uprising.
Question of the Traitors
The uprising was not a mere peasant riot, as it had wide support among Polish soldiers, including some of the most decorated officers in the Royal Army. Many of these men, General Sosnkowski chief among them, were associates of Józef Piłsudski two decades ago - and seemingly had not abandoned his futile struggle against so-called German oppression. These men had their chance to show their loyalty to the Kingdom of Poland and its people, but they have squandered it, and embarked on revolutionary plotting - or might have.\n\nToday, Dmowjka is leaving nothing to chance. Piłsudski's associates have to go, both the officers and the politicians, and only then Poland can be truly safe and secure.
The ones responsible have to retire.
The Formation of the Provisional Revolutionary Government
The negotiations were tense. A few dozen delegates all across the political spectrum had gathered in an abandoned industrial warehouse in the outskirts of Warsaw, safe from spying ears or German bombs. Normally one would not see a revolutionary syndicalist like Kazimierz Zakrzewski meeting with the likes of Adam Doboszyński, the infamous Endecja activist and leader, but extraordinary times called for extraordinary alliances. Also present were members of more moderate parties, chiefly among them the People's Party.\n\nThe question on the table was a simple one - could they work together with our revolutionary government in Warsaw - and if so, could they be trusted? Simply put, an alliance for the sake of Polish liberty would give us legitimacy, manpower and resources - but it would also let our ideological enemies keep their militias armed and ready, and one day potentially stab the worker's revolution in the back... unless they truly do care for Poland's freedom and emancipation.
Endecja have been traitors before, why would they change?
We need a united front against the Germans!
The Formation of the Provisional National Government
The negotiations were tense. A few dozen delegates all across the political spectrum had gathered in an abandoned industrial warehouse in the outskirts of Warsaw, safe from spying ears or German bombs. Normally one would not see a nationalist like Adam Doboszyński meeting with the likes of Kazimierz Zakrzewski, a revolutionary syndicalist, but extraordinary times called for extraordinary alliances. Also present were members of more moderate parties, chiefly among them the People's Party.\n\nThe question on the table was a simple one - could they work together with our national government in Warsaw - and if so, could they be trusted? Simply put, an alliance for the sake of Polish liberty would give us legitimacy, manpower and resources - but it would also let our ideological enemies keep their militias armed and ready, and one day potentially stab Poland's national rejuvenation in the back... unless they truly care do for Poland's freedom and emancipation.
The Reds are just as bad as Germans.
Red or not, they are still Poles.
Poland in Crisis
Our intelligence services have informed us of the extremely critical situation in Poland. It seems that long-time unrest and agitation are looking to be soon boiling over, and there is a high risk of hostile takeover of Poland, either by socialist revolution or through military coup.\n\nThe Polish government has effectively lost control of large parts of the country to extremist militias, and even the loyalty of the army at large is at doubt. The army is urged to immediately send troops to the Polish border, ready to move in should the worst happen.
Another Polish uprising?
Poland's Crisis Subsides
Despite our recent warning of the impending coup occurring in Poland, we have recently been made known of that the apparent threat to their government has subsided, at least for now.\n\nExtremist forces, hostile to the Polish government, had appeared to be on the brink of a successful takeover of the country, but it appears that government forces mustered enough support to quash the upstarts.\n\nThe fact that such events happened at all are a grim portent for the future, as they could easily reoccur. But for now, our allies remain stalwart.
That was too close for comfort.
An Alliance with the PPS?
The Polish Socialist Party has been in the forefront of Polish liberation in every uprising since its inception, and [GetYear] is no exception. The unions aligned to the PPS have already started gathering arms and organising militia units to keep order in the cities, and more workers are flocking to their banners every day.\n\nTheir leadership has thus far been wary of us, seeing our government as too radical and too connected to foreign governments to be true government of liberation to the people of Poland - but they have been open for negotiations, understanding that cooperation might be the only way Poland will survive the coming storm.
Very well, they can organise their militias.
And stab us in the back given the chance? No way!
Cooperation with the ONR
The National Radical Camp has quickly improvised numerous fighting organisations, no different from their peacetime marches - except that this time they are well-armed. This group of ultranationalists, the self-declared shining vanguard of Poland's national resurrection, has already taken part in fighting, engaging with both the Germans and the supporters of the old order.\n\nThe methods of the ONR are extreme, and they would make a dangerous ally that is hard to control - but an ally nonetheless. Even if the distrust between them and our government is mutual, in the end we can trust these men to give their lives for Poland.
Reactionaries or not, we need their help.
Trusting them is a dangerous road.
The Riflemen's Association Mobilises
Already active in the days of the Weltkrieg, the Riflemen's Association has been the school for the most brilliant soldiers Poland has seen in the 20th century.\n\nThe nominally apolitical society is focused on patriotic education, charity, and cultivating Polish culture, alongside paramilitary training. Despite it being used to spread the monarchy's propaganda during the past two decades, in its heart, it is still the vanguard of Polish liberation, as first envisioned by Józef Piłsudski and Kazimierz Zakrzewski.\n\nArise, riflemen!
Once more, for our liberty!
Defections and Desertions
When it was clear that Warsaw was lost, the still loyal elements of the army began their contingency plan - the Poznań Bridgehead. The intent of the plan was to regroup for a counterattack, should a force hostile to Poland take over the nation. And now that has happened, to the horror of both Polish and German planners - and worse still, a major part of the Polish Army has simply refused to retreat, either deserting their post, or even joining with the radicals who have taken over much of the country.\n\nThose still loyal to lawful government have retreated west, towards Prussian Poland, with the intent to regroup with the Germans, and drive away the radicals who have taken over their homeland.
Those accursed traitors.
Welcome, true patriots.
So not all Poles are traitors... only most of them.
A Skirmish at Szrénsk
In the early hours of this morning, in the small village of Szrénsk, Endecja militants opened fire on the men of the 2nd Red Guard from Płock, leading to a dozen deaths and even more wounded, before they were forced to retreat. Both sides claimed having confused the enemy with the Germans, but it is unlikely the fighting would have gone for so long if this was the case.\n\nThis is not the first time such events have happened, either - ever since our strenuous alliance, there have been tensions which have often turned into fights, after agitation by overzealous commanders at the front. However, the skirmish at Szrénsk was the most serious of these conflicts thus far, and has given us reason to reconsider our alliance with our ideological enemies.
From now on, we shall treat them as enemies of the revolution!
Yes! The nation shall be reborn through blood and fire!
Try to limit the infighting.
The Łódź Government
A rival government has been declared by the Worker's and Peasant's Councils of Łódź, Kielce and number of other southern regions that still harbour strong loyalties towards the PPS and PSL. The militias aligned to these parties, mainly composed of the peasants of Lesser Poland, have rallied behind Jan Woznicki and his \
We need to crush this treason fast.
Germans are the true enemy.
The formation of the Citizens' Militia
The Polish Army was designed as a tool of oppression: it was the twisted corpse of Józef Piłsudski's Legions, there to uphold an illegal German puppet government, and the interests of landowners and corporatists. That army is all but broken, with many defections, desertions and the total collapse of military organisation.\n\nIn its place, a true revolutionary Polish army shall rise, born out of peasants and workers, and guided by the belief of a free and independent Poland! Like our brothers in France and so many other nations, we have finally taken the fate in our own hands!
For a better world and our sacred freedom.
The Straz Narodowa
The Royal Polish Army was mere a mockery of the proud Legions that marched two decades ago. Cronyism, favouritism and Prussian influences had twisted it, and made it forget its true loyalties and instead harnessed the ancient Polish martial prowess into a slave army under the German whip. No more!\n\nAfter all the defections and desertions, the old army is all but broken, and only its core of the true patriots is left. We must once again draw armies from the ground, calling every able-bodied Pole to defend their fatherland against the Prussian tyrants!
The Polish sabre will sing again!
The Order of the Knights of the Law
Today the government was contacted by formerly criminal underground organisation, the elusive ZRP, the Order of the Knights of the Law. A secretive patriotic lodge styled after the Freemasons, has been out of the public eye since the 20s, but with the ongoing uprising and its leadership being like-minded to ourselves, they have approached the authorities once again.\n\nThe head of the Convention of the Knights, Władysław Józefowicz, has brought an offer to the table: ZRP will use its considerable contacts within the Polish underground in support of the uprising - as long as their position is secured, and they can act in open. Some consider the ZRP a dangerous outside actor we cannot control, but then again, they are fellow patriots.
Ride, Knights of Law!
Freemasonry you say? Rather suspicious, is it not?
The OZN storms the Capital
Army units and militias loyal to Edward Rydz-Śmigły have mounted a surprise attack against the capital. Initially, few wanted to go against the famous general, who has become a symbol of the uprising during these past weeks - but when put against people's loyalty to National Democrats, he met his equal. Firefights broke out in the suburbs of Warsaw as the forces loyal to the National Government rallied against the power-grab. Surprisingly, a truce between the government forces and those loyal to Rydz-Śmigły was forged, and negotiations were opened.\n\nRydz-Śmigły had but one demand - to be appointed the Chief of State, invoking the tradition of Polish uprisings to grant one individual all power, both civilian and military, until the uprising is over. His demand is outrageous, but he is a larger than life figure to many Poles. Denying him would spark infighting among the rank and file, even if the general himself would no doubt accept it graciously for now. But on the other hand... people need their strong leaders, do they not?
Rydz will lead Poland to freedom!
This is an obvious power grab.
The Dictator of the Revolution
It is a time-honoured tradition that in times of strife, power is concentrated on one man, who has the will and the skill to guide the nation through the crisis. Dictators of the people have led Polish uprisings time and again, and from that tradition Zakrzewski's supporters are inspired. One of his supporters, Jędrzej Moraczewski, held a strongly-worded speech in the Sejm today, demanding that power be transferred to a special Executive Committee under the control of Zakrzewski, with his centralisation of power granting him all he needs to lead the Polish people to final liberation.\n\nMany military leaders from the Citizen's Militia spoke in favour of Zakrzewski, arguing that from a military point of view, centralisation of power is mandatory. These suggestions were met with uproar from the anarchists and moderates, accusing Zakrzewski and the ZZZ of planning to form a dictatorship - but the opposition was weaker than was to be expected. Notably, a majority of those who had spent their years in France were rather silent. Perhaps they have understood what sacrifices the revolution demanded, something that their comrades who had lived under capitalist Poland could not understand?
Zakrzewski shall lead us!
That would debase our ideals!
The Death of Roman Dmowski
Today the father of Polish nationalism, Roman Dmowski, faded away, taken by poor health. He had spent his last twenty years in exile - in London, Paris and eventually Moscow. As a leader of the National Committee, he was effectively the leader of the Polish exiles in Russia, and his publications were widely read even in Poland, despite the best attempts of the government. Now that the grand old man who had essentially defined National Democracy's ideology for half a century has passed, the vultures are already circling.\n\nThe Council of the National League, the ruling body of the Endecja's political organisation in exile, is already trying to decide on a person who could be as unifying as Dmowski had been, with no avail. The worst divide in the movement has grown between so-called young and old guards. The old guard are prominently Christian Nationalists as Dmowski intended, while the young guard are more inspired by populist and violent methods of Boris Savinkov and the NRPR. Tadeusz Bielecki's bid for power was blocked by the young guard, as Dmowski's long-time secretary and right-hand man was seen as too conservative and moderate for the exiles. Jan Mosdorf, spokesman of the young guard, argued that as the international situation grows more dire, the National League needs bolder, more violent action, as opposed to the earlier underground activism.\n\nTo solve the conundrum, Adam Doboszyński presented himself as the middle ground. He is persona non grata in Poland - he left Poland some years ago after his raid on Myślenice made him forever infamous at home. He is somewhat of an outsider, with strong Christian Nationalist convictions, but many unorthodox ideas for a follower of Roman Dmowski. Despite that, he seems to be accepted by both the old and the young guard as a man who can lead the movement back to glory.
He has large boots to fill.
The Scythemen
So great is the lack of weapons among the revolutionary army, that some PPS-organised militia units have been only armed with war scythes, \
Well their spirit is admirable, at least.
Economic Ties Severed!
The Polish economy was deeply intertwined to that of Germany, Galicia and other Central European countries. All that was ripped away, violently and without control, with the start of the uprising, with all ties cut to our neighbouring countries. We had not prepared for it adequately, and now the economy that should be supporting our desperate war is in tatters. Supply chains for our factories, relying on German steel and electronical parts, are broken, and coal from Silesia has stopped fuelling our furnaces. Our textile industry has no one to sell their surplus goods to, and the only buyer for all the surplus grain is the army, with their laughably low prices. Businesses are closed and tax income has dwindled.\n\nAt this rate, we have no money to pay for workers and soldiers... but we are sure that every Pole is willing to put aside their personal losses, when our independence is at stake.
Wisely, the pre-war government had freed us of some of our dependency to Germany and the others, through their etatist policies. When all of our economic activity across our borders was cut short, the damage control softened the blow. Our industries dependent on German steel and coal were not stopped, but moved to use stockpiled resources. Our export industry had already been downscaled and re-focused towards internal consumption and production from local materials, so the hit is not as bad as it could have been.\n\nMake no mistake, the situation is still grim: Poland simply has no access to many resources that are needed for functioning modern economy, but we are not in risk of immediate budgetary collapse... for now.
Enact War Syndicalism
Begin the Privatisation of Property
Encourage Local Economies
King August Escapes to Germany!
In the dark of the night, a group of loyalists and German agents broke into the Royal Palace, where the king had been placed in seclusion. The military police gave chase, but to no avail. The king's party managed to escape Warsaw in small groups, taking advantage of the chaotic state of the Polish police force and the number of collaborators, who no doubt believe in German victory and wish to be rewarded in the future.\n\nA few days after the break-out, news came from the west that the former king had safely arrived to German side of the border via a small civilian aircraft, apparently hidden in the Polish countryside. It seems like the rescue operation was well-planned, and even better executed. Multiple law enforcement and intelligence officials in Warsaw were replaced for incompetence, but it did not help with saving face.
So ends the reign of August IV.
The Murder of King August IV
In the dark of the night, a group of loyalists and German agents broke into the Royal Palace in Warsaw, where the king had been placed in seclusion. The military police gave chase, but to no avail. The king's party managed to escape Warsaw in small groups, taking advantage of the chaotic state of the Polish police force and the number of collaborators, who no doubt believe in German victory and wish to be rewarded in the future.\n\nHowever, the luck of the German rescue party ran out in the countryside, as they stumbled into a patrol at night. The patrolling soldiers assumed the party to be German saboteurs, and opened fire after the demands for their surrender were not accepted. The Germans were outnumbered and outgunned, but fought bitterly trying to escape. Ultimately what was left of them were captured - and the Polish soldiers hardly believed that one of the badly wounded captives was none other but a disguised August Wilhelm von Hohenzollern himself. It is unclear if he was too badly wounded, or if the soldiers simply ignored tending to the hated King's wounds, but by the next morning, a telegram was received in Warsaw: the tyrant is dead.
The Germans won't forgive us for this.
We will not forgive them for this.
The Platerówki
In a surge of patriotic fervour, a good number of women have felt compelled to join in service. Under PPS activist Maria Wittek, who had already been involved in Polish resistance activities during the last war, the Emilia Plater Independent Women's Battalion, named for from legendary Polish-Lithuanian 19th century heroine Emilia Plater, has been organised to support their countrymen in any way possible - including the frontlines, many of them insist.\n\nMany in our army leadership remain sceptical, fearing its effect on the morale and unit cohesion.
These women are the example to us all!
Poland Demands Teschen
Today a message has been delivered to us by way of the Polish embassy, with the dignitaries looking very serious as they delivered it. Upon further examination, it was an ultimatum: Warsaw demands the restitution of the lands of Cieszyn, which it claims is a vital part of its own history that was unlawfully ceded centuries ago, and now the time has come to reintegrate it within the fold; and should we refuse, Poland is ready to back this demand up by force of arms.\n\nA possible war hangs in the balance, over a piece of land that may not have been even that valuable to us in the first place. How should we respond?
Never!
Acquiesce, and hand it over.
[From.GetName] gives into our demands
[From.GetName] has agreed to the cession of Cieszyn, and celebrations have broken out in our nation at the news that one more eternal Polish city is returned to its people.
Another injustice corrected!
[From.GetName] refuses to submit
[From.GetName] has stubbornly refused to cede Cieszyn! What drove them to do this is unknown, but what is certain is that this will lead to war. Our troops stand ready to begin the reclamation of the voivodal forests, and bring another core piece of our heritage home.
It is ours by right!
They saw right through our bluff.
The Right-Revolutionaries
The moderates in the PPS and their peasant brothers in the PSL have been staunch supporters in our common struggle against the Prussian tyrant, but with the success of our uprising, these so-called \
There cannot be Poland without the peasants.
Just a moment ago they wanted to sell us to the Austrians, did they not?
The Last Session of the Provisional Revolutionary Government
A great task awaits the delegates of the provisional government: laying the groundwork for the new syndicalist republic, and ending the access to the special powers that the Revolutionary Committee have wielded ever since the start of the revolution. Even though the republic is hardly stable, many call for elections and a return to some semblance of normality, in fear that an extended state of emergency would make a return to democracy impossible.\n\nThe composition of the delegates gathered in the former Royal Palace represent the provisional Sejm, formed out of the trade union representatives and the leftist delegates of the parliament. Zakrzewski's supporters, informally the Zakrzewskites, represent the hardline revolutionaries, who are willing to compromise on liberal ideals, if it has to be done in the name of the revolution. Their opposition, the so-called left-syndicalists, are the second largest group, nominally loyal to Zakrzewski, but in constant disagreement over policy. The last major faction is the PPS-Lewica, which has come to include many members of the old moderate PPS as well. They are the most vocal advocates of moderation and of the parliamentary tradition.
A great task awaits the delegates of the provisional government: laying the groundwork for the new syndicalist republic, and ending the access to the dictatorial powers that Chairman Zakrzewski has wielded. Even though the republic is hardly stable, many call for elections and a return to some semblance of normality, in fear that an extended state of emergency would make a return to democracy impossible.\n\nThe composition of the delegates gathered in the former Royal Palace represent the provisional Sejm, formed out of trade union representatives and the leftist delegates of the parliament. Zakrzewski's supporters represent the hardline revolutionaries, who stand firm behind Zakrzewski and the revolution. Their opposition, the so-called left-syndicalists, are the second largest group, but have entered serious disagreement with Zakrzewski over his current powers. The last major faction is the PPS-Lewica, which has come to include many members of the old moderate PPS as well. They have formed an alliance with the anarcho-syndicalists, to oppose Zakrzewski's attempts to grab power.
Let us begin!
The Form of Government
The social democrats and communists in the assembly have argued that dissolving the state into various communes and soviets is not only irresponsible, but also needlessly radical. A unitary democratic republic is, for them, already a well-functioning form of government.\n\nHowever, the trade unionists and some anarchists are violently opposed to such a \
Unitary Socialist Republic
Federation of Communes
The Question of Authority
The second-most contentious topic in the assembly has been that of executive power. While almost everyone agrees that one man should never have complete power over the democratic system, there is a large bloc of ZZZ-aligned delegates and communists arguing for a strong president, elected through direct vote for 7-year term.\n\nTheir argument is simple - no socialist state has managed to survive its calamitous birth without initial tyranny and terror. When the revolution is struggling against both internal and external enemies, it must have strong leadership, one that can act fast and decisively.
A strong leader it shall be!
We already had one tyrant, we're not having another.
The Fate of the Emergency Powers
During the most dire days of the revolution, Kazimierz Zakrzerwski was appointed as the leader of the revolution with almost dictatorial powers. Many still see this as a grave mistake, especially as the Chairman has not shown any intention to stand down any time soon. The matter was brought to a vote by Comrade Dubois. The question is simple - should Zakrzewski give up his powers, and arrange elections as quickly as possible, or remain as the supreme leader?\n\nZakrzewski's supporters decry the entire question as an attempt to destabilise the revolution at a crucial moment, and as a stab-in-the-back by those who secretly hope to see the revolution collapse. Dozens of passionate speeches were held by both the Chairman's opponents and supporters, and after eight hours of fierce debate, the assembly finally got to vote, deciding that...
Comrade Zakrzewski is still needed.
Elections will be called at once.
The Ascension of Chairman Zakrzewski
[?global.date.GetDateStringNoHourLong] will be remembered as the day that flushed out the budding democracy in the new, independent Poland. Kazimierz Zakrzewski, chairman of the ZZZ, received support for his dictatorial powers from the majority of the assembly, and then in public plebiscite, for the next seven years. There have been claims of falsified votes, and the opposition has arranged large protests around the Sejm, but they did not dare to oppose Zakrzewski directly. After all, the man is popular, and the people believe that it is his great leadership that has brought Poland their recent freedom and national resurgence.
So much for the people's rule.
The First Elections of the Syndicalist Republic
While the overall election turnout has been a disappointment, many Poles have rushed to elect their local and Sejm delegates. As these are the first elections under the new socialist regime, the mood is both excited and resigned. Volunteer militias are keeping the peace as different factions are attempting to convince the workers to their side.\n\nZakrzewski and his supporters are using populist rhetoric, building support from the disappointments of the poor, and promising national superiority. Their main opposition, a broad coalition of anti-Zakrzewski syndicalists and anarchists, are focusing their efforts to oppose Zakrzweski's cult of personality. Surprisingly, the greatly diminished PPS still wields a considerable election engine, and portray themselves as the moderate candidates supporting law and order - which many have commented to be an extremely ironic turn.
While the overall election turnout has been a disappointment, many Poles have rushed to elect their local and Sejm delegates. As these are the first elections under the new socialist regime, the mood is both excited and resigned. Volunteer militias are keeping the peace as different factions are attempting to convince the workers to their side.\n\nCseszejko-Sochacki's councillists have filled the gap since Zakrzewski's departure. Their main opposition are a broad coalition of syndicalists and anarchists under the leadership of famous anarchist Leah Feldman. Surprisingly, the greatly diminished PPS still wields a considerable election engine, and portray themselves as the moderate candidates supporting law and order - which many have commented to be an extremely ironic turn.
Zakrzewski's faction wins the most delegates.
Anarchists and syndicalists secure majority.
PPS's moderates achieve surprise victory.
PPS's communists gain majority.
The Wódz Secures Power
Zakrzewski's followers are all who are left in the smouldering ruins of the brief Polish democracy. In a full-scale war against the political opposition, the \
Long live Piłsudski, long live Zakrzewski!
The Revolution and the Catholic Church
The Catholic Church has been stripped of most of their land and estates during the revolution. The bitter divide among many of the people were centred on the churches - in many places, fights ensued between those who sought to defend the Church, and those who wanted to take revenge on the class enemy. Many remember how the Church supported the monarchy and worse movements, and was always eager to help when the state needed to persecute those working for the liberation of the common people. Much senseless bloodshed has stained the tiles of Polish churches, but the current anarchy is hardly to the revolution's advantage either.\n\nThe majority of the revolutionaries wish to push harsh secularisation and the total removal of the Church's temporal power, like in France some forty years ago. They argue that if the Church is allowed to even keep their organisation, they will become an organ of resistance inside the Workers' Republic, ready to collaborate with any future invaders. Calmer heads have opined that we should look into France's experiences - they started with harsh crack-downs that eventually became somewhat more moderate and pragmatic, as it came evident that it is simply not realistic to destroy religion overnight.
The Catholic Church has been stripped of most of their land and estates during the revolution. The bitter divide among many of the people were centred on the churches - in many places, fights ensued between those who sought to defend the Church, and those who wanted to take revenge on the class enemy. Many remember how the Church supported the monarchy and worse movements, and was always eager to help when the state needed to persecute those working for the liberation of the common people. Much senseless bloodshed has stained the tiles of Polish churches, but the current anarchy is hardly to the revolution's advantage either.\n\nThe majority of the revolutionaries wish to push harsh secularisation and the total removal of the Church's temporal power, like in France some forty years ago. They argue that if the Church is allowed to even keep their organisation, they will become an organ of resistance inside the Workers' Republic, ready to collaborate with any future invaders. Calmer heads have opined that we should look into France's experiences - they started with harsh crack-downs that eventually became somewhat more moderate and pragmatic, as it came evident that it is simply not realistic to destroy religion overnight.\n\nHowever, there is a third option. The French Sorelians have suggested that the Catholic faith is not reactionary in itself - quite the contrary, it is an integral part of the French - or Polish - national myth. Thus it should be transformed and not destroyed, and the Church should serve the revolution like any other part of the society. While the concept is fringe in Polish socialism, Zakrzewski and many of the former exiles in France are convinced that such alliance could work.
They are part of Poland's soul, same as we.
Keep the cooperation limited.
They have no place in the new Poland.
The Second Elections of the Syndicalist Republic
With socialist governance now having become entrenched in Poland, Poles have once again rushed to elect their local and Sejm delegates. The national mood has become more relaxed now that the country is no longer under siege from German imperialist forces.\n\nZakrzewski and his supporters have been campaigning and reminding the Polish people who it was that led them to freedom from the Prussian tyrant, but the centrist syndicalists, led by the famous anarcho-syndicalist Leah Feldman, are once again opposing Zakrzewski's power grab.\n\nUnder the leadership of Zygmunt Zaremba, the editor for the Robotnik magazine, the PPS-L are portraying themselves as the only political force who will preserve a parliamentary, democratic and socialist system, and are making appeals against the radicalism of Zakrzewski and the centrist syndicalists.
With socialist governance now having become entrenched in Poland, Poles have once again rushed to elect their local and Sejm delegates. The national mood has become more relaxed now that the country is no longer under siege from German imperialist forces and has narrowly avoided Zakrzewski's dictatorship. Zakrzewski's departure from Poland has left others to fill in the gap; most notably, Jerzy Cseszejko-Sochacki, the leader of the council communist wing of the PPS-L, has emerged as an opposition figure to the famous anarcho-syndicalist Leah Feldman. Additionally, under the leadership of Zygmunt Zaremba, the editor for the Robotnik magazine, the moderate faction of PPS-L are portraying themselves as the only political force who will preserve a parliamentary, democratic and socialist system, and are making appeals against the syndicalists and council communists.
Zakrzewski's supporters secure majority.
Cseszejko-Sochacki's councillists secure majority.
Centrist syndicalists secure majority.
PPS-L achieves majority.
The Removal of Chairman Zakrzewski
In an attempt to remove the \
Pride cometh before the fall.
Whispers of a Revolution
In the aftermath of the election, discontent has only risen. The people are questioning the legitimacy of the government to continuously, and radical left-wing rhetoric is becoming increasingly widespread, despite attempts to crush it. In an emergency meeting of the Ministry of Interior, this growing instability was discussed at length, and two possible plans emerged.\n\nWith special legislation, a large-scale anti-socialist crackdown could be started. With enough arrests, the organisational ability of the revolutionary movement should be killed, before it can cause real problems. However, the plan does require cooperation from the Sejm and the judicial system, and might cause public backlash. The alternative is to merely observe the situation, and try to contain it without drawing too much attention. After all, people are rarely riled up forever.
An Anti-Socialist crackdown, and now!
Merely observe the situation.
The Union of Polish Syndicalists
The first step towards liberation of Poland was made in a clandestine meeting in suburban Kielce. The meeting was arranged by the ZZZ's chairman Kazimierz Zakrzewski, who had some weeks prior, smuggled himself to the Poland proper over the southern border. Alongside him there was number of other revolutionaries under false names, some of them having already fought in the French Civil War. These professional revolutionaries met with \
To freedom!
The Vanguard of Freedom
The Union of Polish Syndicalists has been efficient. They quickly started to coordinate various underground printing houses through Revolutionary Press Agency to win over more support for their plot, especially with rumours that when the war comes, Poles will be sent to the trenches of the Western Front. Zakrzewski himself, under the pen-name \
We will make Piłsudski proud!
The Beginning of the People's War
The war between the Prussian tyrant and the free peoples of Europe has began. In the ZSP's various illegal publications, it has portrayed as struggle between oppressive empires and independent peoples, and there are open calls for any true patriotic Pole to oppose Kaiser Wilhelm's folly and any government that supports it.\n\nThe pacifist message has reached even the former political centre, as even the People's Party's organisations have joined syndicalist-led peace protests in some regions. With one hand, there is draft-dodging and anti-war leaflets, and with the other Wolność is training ever more partisans and smuggling weapons for them. There are plans to arranged a general strike alongside the PPS, while in secret, concrete plans for taking over the cities are being drafted by regional committees for liberation. News from the Western front is awaited with great interest, as every setback the Heer encounters brings the idea of free Poland a little more tangible.
Soon we are free.
The Międzymorze
The dream between the seas has come true. The vast Eastern territories have been liberated by the Polish army, which has helped our Commonwealth brothers throw off their oppressors. In the founding session of the new Federal People's Assembly, delegates from Poland, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine and many other places gathered to lay the groundwork for the new state, one to hopefully fare better than the old Commonwealth.\n\nIssues arose quickly. While our socialist comrades are grateful for our aid, they are deeply suspicious of \
The Partitions avenged!
Federated Communes
A Capital for the Commonwealth
There have been demands from our eastern comrades to move the capital out of the heart of Poland itself, and into the borderlands, into one of the old, multi-ethnic cities that best showcase our federation.\n\nThere is Vilnius, or Wilno or Vilnia, which served as the capital of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and even the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth for some time. Brest, or Bieraście or Brześć, where the Union of Brest was made in 1595 and later the Eastern European states were severed from Russia in the infamous treaty of Brest-Litovsk. The third choice is Lwów or Lviv, a city that has always been torn between the Polish and Ukrainian civilisations.
Vilnius!
Brest!
Lwów!
The Union of the West Slavs
Czech Pan-slavist Karel Kramář was the first to imagine a union of West Slavs, to counterbalance Russia. In Poland, this concept of \
Hurrah for the three tribes!
State of Central European Confederation
The Trial of Collaborationist Generals
In the past few decades of humiliation, many Poles lost their way and preferred to cooperate with the German occupiers, rather than proudly resist to the last. It is especially damning for the generals, men ostensibly sworn to defend the nation of Poland. But no! Those oathbreakers licked German boots and forgot their true loyalties. They have grown fat on the back of ordinary Poles, feasting in banquets with the hated Heer officers and Ruhr slave-owners. Even many of those who have not fraternised with the Germans are guilty of scheming and abusing their positions, seeing their career merely as means to achieve more power.\n\nBut finally the judgement is here, as men loyal to the national uprising are rounding up the collaborators, ready to sentence them for their crimes against the fatherland.
Anyone who might be a threat will go.
We shall be merciful, and only remove the worst.
Strike an alliance with the Śmigły clique.
§RYou will not be able to remove Rydz from the position.§!
Conquering the Sejm
The new Sejm is primarily composed of Endek delegates, and those like-minded with the nationalist cause. However, they are anything but loyal to Adam Doboszyński. Even those who had followed Roman Dmowski blindly to the exile are hesitant. Doboszyński is denounced as a radical outsider by many, a man who is more of a terrorist than a leader for respectable country. These \
Open elections will be arranged as soon as possible!
A mix of honeyed promises and veiled threats should be enough.
What good have politicians ever brought this country?
The Treasonous Capitalists
No one collaborated with the Germans as much as the Masonic-Jewish elite: the magnates living in luxury in their estates, the industrialists preferring the company of Germans to their workers. They ignored their consciences, and turned their fellow countrymen into machines serving their eternal lust for gold and coal.\n\nTheir stupidity made the common man susceptible to even worse delusions like Godless socialist agitation, when they should have been fostering Polish unity and welfare. Finally they will be punished for their deeds.
There is no worse sin than forcing your fellow Christian into the mines.
The elites are there to spread misery and corruption.
Has been purged.
§RRemoves§! §YIndustrial Concern§!:\n
The Second Trial of Adam Doboszyński
The plot had been brewing for quite some time. Much of the pre-existing political establishment hated Adam Doboszyński and saw him as a dangerous radical, whose promises of radical property distribution and removing the elites from power were seen as a threat. In the military, Doboszyński was mistrusted and his grandiose schemes for conquests were seen as potentially dangerous military adventurism. The combination gave the putschists all they needed to oust the president.\n\nAs Doboszyński was addressing the Sejm, the schemers started their plan and locked down the building. It only took a handful of military police, those tasked with the security of the parliament. After the lockdown, the charges were laid at Doboszyński's feet - murder and imprisonment of political opposition, unconstitutional power-grabs and numerous other violations, both real and imagined. He answered to the accusations as calmly as he could, and even cornered, he showed remarkable control of the situation. For a moment the putschists were worried that the accused would talk the Sejm to his side, but when his impeachment was voted, the more conservative line triumphed.\n\nOnce stripped of his power, Doboszyński was escorted outside until his fate could be decided.
The man was crazy.
The Monoidea
The concept of multiparty democracy is inherently flawed. Any decision worth making should be done with a large majority, or it is merely a dictatorship of the 51%. Thus the first step in Adam Doboszyński's new National Political System is the creation of a new political organisation that will eventually replace political parties. This new discussion forum for the country's leaders and common men alike would serve to foster unanimity - the monoidea - among the Polish people, and hopefully heal the scars that decades of party politics have slashed into the unity of the nation.\n\nIn Doboszyński's vision, this new political organisation will educate and guide the nation's political culture until the common people are politically mature enough to take part in political life properly. It will also serve as the organisation for the corporations - understood in a Catholic sense, as associations of related persons - to coordinate economic life. With multiparty discord swept away from Polish politics, the brightest minds of the nation can focus on improving the prosperity of Poland as a whole.
Why did no one think of this before?
Three Acres and a Cow
The basic principle of distributism is that all activity should be done in the smallest possible unit, such as a family business instead of joint-stock company, or a family farm instead of a large mechanised farm. While it might not be as efficient, such things are not priorities for distributionists like Adam Doboszyński. Instead, the aim of the ideology is to ensure that wealth is distributed as evenly as possible, so that everyone would have what they need, and small number of individuals could not rob a major part of the natural resources for themselves. Essentially what is needed is reform of ownership.\n\nFocusing on land ownership first, it is imperative that every Polish family who so wishes will have their own plot of land - \
Confiscate the German and Jewish-owned land, but leave the Polish magnates at peace.
Even Poles can oppress another Pole. The magnates will give their share!
An Olive Branch to the People's Party
Whether we like it or not, the People's Party has the right idea. Poland is inherently a peasant nation. Its peasant party has merely been hijacked by liberal intelligentsia and Freemasonry, who have turned Polish peasants into their tool. The Doboszyński Programme should be easy to sell to their average rank-and-file, as long as their corrupt leaders are swept away.\n\nHowever, they have been a thorn in National Democracy's side for as long as we can remember, and it is possible that they are mere false peasants, who have no love for Polish nation, not truly. After all, they have been quick to work with the socialists at every turn. Should we try to turn them into part of our organisation, or just convert the cream of the crop?
Hijack their entire party organisation.
Just attract the loyal peasantry.
Convert $social_liberal_coloured$ popularity into $national_populist_coloured$ popularity.
The Jewish-German Emigration
The Jewish Question has been a thorny one among the Polish right. Many radicals have called for total deportation of Jews from Poland, as they are seen as a foreign element, one that does not fit the inherent Catholicism of Poland. However, as the Jews form almost ten percent of the population, this is hardly practical.\n\nAdam Doboszyński's stance is rather pragmatic. While he has no love for the Jews among the Poles, he believes that Jews should form a nation of their own somewhere, and live in peace there - just like Poles are meant to live in one nation, Ukrainians in another and so on. To this goal, campaigns have been started to encourage the foreign elements - Jews, Germans, Ukrainians - to emigrate away from Poland.\n\nThe process was already started during the uprising, when much Jewish or German property was stolen, destroyed or nationalised, leaving thousands without their means of living. The police and the judicial system have a long tradition of turning a blind eye to anti-Semitic crime, and it has only increased ever since the National Democrats rose to power.
Alright.
The Tyranny of Industry
Is there nothing more immoral than a Christian forcing their fellow Christian to waste away in a factory or a mine, doing dangerous and repetitive work that is completely unnatural for a human being? All the great social issues of the 20th century - socialism, poverty, immorality and secularism - are products of the Industrial Revolution. And like the French one before it, this revolution has only brought misery to the common man. Man does not need factory-made shoes for a good life. In fact, humanity has survived well without, and should continue to do so.\n\nWhile some sectors of industry are unarguably needed, like energy production and infrastructure, the vast majority of production should be decentralised into smaller units. Family businesses and craftsmen workshops are the ideal units of production - anything larger leads to the misery of its workers and the moral corruption of its owner.
Enact heavy taxes on factories to encourage small scale production.
Form worker's cooperatives from factories!
The Dream of Union
The West Slavs form a natural group of peoples with shared interests. Lodged between grand imperialistic powers, their very existence depends on their cooperation. And by this definition, the West Slavs are not just the Poles, Czechs and Slovakians. No, they are the entire cultural region between German and Russian pressure, which includes Poland's natural ally, Lithuania, and even Ukraine and Belarus, whose very national identity has been under threat of destruction by the Russians.\n\nUnder no circumstance can Russia be counted among the Slavic states - they are a bastardisation of Slavs and Byzantophile petty princes whose culture is closer to that of the Mongols, and other Turanic steppe peoples, than ancient centres of culture such as Kraków or Prague.\n\nWhile being allies with one of the partitioning powers might be necessary in short term, as long as they exist, the West Slavic sphere can never prosper.
Let us wish it happens some day!
$POL_konstanty_rokossowski$ Leaves for Poland
Comrade Rokossowski has served the cause of international liberation all these years - and finally it has borne fruit for him personally as well, as a fresh Polish socialist state has emerged from the tyranny of kings and emperors. He has requested to be dismissed from his current duties in the Internationale's military forces to take part in the Polish revolution. We have nothing against this, as someone loyal and ideological as Rokossowski would serve our purposes well guiding Polish socialism, and it is clear that much blood needs to be spilt before the Poles can call themselves truly free.
Farewell, comrade.
Catastrophe in Russia
The unthinkable has happened. Russia, which has beaten the communist tide once already, has fallen, and Moscow is now in socialist hands. Many white emigres have escaped the country to Eastern Europe, including Poland. Several of these aristocrats and officers were granted asylum, thanks to their contacts in the Polish nobility. The leadership of the National League, including Roman Dmowski, have reportedly fled to Romania, as they are not welcome in Poland.\n\n\
The true enemy is international Bolshevism.
§cThe Nationalist uprising will be disabled.§!
Never compromise! Not even in the face of Armageddon!
§nThe Nationalist movement will dwindle and start operating from Romania.§!
Polish Emigrés
After socialists took power in Russia, many of their political opponents fled the country. We have received a share of the exiles, but the most important out of them is the leadership of the Polish National League, a nationalist organisation seeking to overthrow the current regime in Poland and replace it with a nationalist one.\n\nThe Conducător arranged the asylum swiftly, and the Poles have established themselves in Bucharest under leadership of Adam Doboszyński. These Poles are in many ways ideological colleagues of the Legion, though this is exactly why King Carol II has been wary to welcome them. However, they could provide a useful tool against the Habsburg Empire, as the National Democrats enjoy many contacts with the Galician Poles, and could no doubt help us in destabilising the Habsburg realm further.
Let's see how it goes.
The King's Abdication Plans
It is no secret that August Wilhelm considers his crown more as a responsibility than a passion. Rumours of his intent to stand down and abdicate in favour of his son have been frequent in the past few years, and it seems that they were grounded in real plans. The royal family has been silently testing the ice in seeing whether or not Alexander would be seen more favourably than his father. After his marriage and highly publicised career in the Polish army, it is fair to say that the Crown Prince is far more popular than his father has ever been.\n\nThe kingdom is on relatively safe ground, and personally the king would gladly step aside, and focus on his artistic and cultural hobbies.
Let him rest. Alexander will make a fine king!
The Kaiser-Maker
The Last Hohenzollern
When it seemed that all hope was lost, and that the Hohenzollern Empire was on the brink of annihilation, help came from the most surprising place. The Polish Army, together with their allies, refused to surrender and bitterly fought on. [?casualties] Poles lay dead in heroes' graves, and have bought the admiration and trust of the Germans with their blood. Against all odds, the liberator and the Hohenzollern in Berlin today is [POL.GetLeader]. The city is still in ruins after being fought in twice, but its centre has been restored enough to make it presentable for the parade, which newly-reinstated Kaiser [GER.GetLeader] is receiving alongside the man whom he owes his crown, [POL.GetLeader]. To honour the Polish sacrifices, the units of First Polish Armoured Division, the Black Devils, are to roll under the Brandenburg Gate as the first soldiers of the parade.\n\nIt is not clear if it was the king's idea, or merely his Polish advisors', but the question of Posen was raised in private negotiations with the Germans. The region was de facto controlled by Poland for months during the war, and many Poles from the region fought under the white-red flag. The temporary German government begrudgingly accepted to \
All hope was lost. The Hohenzollern Empire of Germany was in ruins. In a twist of irony, the nascent German republic was saved by none other than a Hohenzollern - Alexander Ferdinand, grandson of Kaiser Wilhelm II, the King of Poland. The Royal Polish Army stood steadfast, repelling all enemies from German soil, and won the admiration of the German people with their blood and toil. The republican government could only look with distaste as the young Hohenzollern was paraded as the saviour of the nation, as the units of First Polish Armoured Division, the Black Devils, rolled through the Brandenburg Gate as the first soldiers in the parade.\n\nIt is not clear if it was the king's idea, or merely his Polish advisors', but the question of Posen was raised in private negotiations with the Germans. The region was de facto controlled by Poland for months during the war, and many Poles from the region had fought under the white-red flag. The temporary German government begrudgingly accepted to \
Germany is not yet lost!
[POL.GetNameDefCap] is ejected from the [AUS.GetFactionName]
Disastrous news for Poland. It appears that our decision to strike at the Germans has not gone down very well with our Austrian allies.\n\nDespite the Germans' apparent vulnerable position, and despite our good chance of victory, and likely gaining of rightfully Polish lands, the Austrians have refused to partake in an act of aggression against the Germans. Considering the enemies of the Germans a far more existential threat to Austria than the Germans themselves, the Austrians have formally removed us from their military alliance, and are now ready to enter the German sphere in response.\n\nOur attempt to backstab the Germans with Austrian aid has backfired magnificently.
Disastrous news from Poland. In an act of sheer insanity, our Polish allies have declared war on the Germans, seeking to reclaim land which they see as rightfully theres.\n\nNaturally, despite that the Germans are at risk due to their current war, and that we may have had a good chance of success, we simply could not follow Poland into this act. The enemies of the Germans may still turn on us after the Germans are beaten, and so the hawks in our cabinet who advised us to join with the Germans have grown even louder.\n\nIt seems like Poland may be soon fighting a war on multiple fronts...
We should have known the Austrians would never have agreed to this...
What on earth were they thinking?!
[POL.GetNameDefCap] is ejected from the [GER.GetFactionName]
Disastrous news for Poland. It appears that our decision to strike at the Austrians has not gone down very well with our German allies.\n\nDespite the Germans' strength compared to the Austrians, and our likely gaining of rightfully Polish lands, the Germans have refused to partake in an act of aggression against the Austrians. Considering our currenty enemies to be a far more existential threat than the Austrians themselves, as well as taking into account the remnants of previous German-Austria goodwill, the Germans have formally removed us from their military alliance.\n\nOur attempt to launch a surprise attack the Austrians with German aid has backfired magnificently, and once the Germans finish their current war, it would not be a surprise if they came seeking revenge, if we were still in existence...
Disastrous news from Poland. In an act of sheer insanity, our Polish allies have declared war on the Austrians, seeking to reclaim land which they see as rightfully theres.\n\nNaturally, despite our superior strength compared to the Austrians, and our obvious good chances of success, we simply could not follow Poland into this act, especially in not such a time as when we are already at war with another European power.\n\nPoland now stands alone against Austria and her allies, in a turn of events few could have expected.
We should have known the Germans would never have agreed to this...
What on earth were they thinking?!
The Royal Family's Holiday
The King and his family have taken a holiday in his forest retreat, leaving Warsaw for a more peaceful corner of the country. He had a small mansion built for himself and his family some years ago, near the idyllic village of Załucze Stare in south-eastern Poland. It is well-known how the King has no enthusiasm for most matters of state, and his absence will not cause many issues to the every-day running of government.\n\nDespite August's distant relations with Queen Alexandra, the pair seemed happy to be able to distance themselves from court life for some time. The Royal Family is expected to stay in Załucze Stare for a week, a time in which both August and Alexandra are expected to be immersed in their shared artistic hobbies such as the painting of flower arrangements.
Doesn't he have anything more important\nto do?
The Crown Prince's Scandalous Romance
Young and handsome - and most importantly, unmarried - Prince Alexander has had his fair share of admirers, but thus far he has expressed his disinterest in marrying, preferring to focus on his career in the Polish Air Force instead. There has been some pressure for the 26 year old prince to find a suitably high match in fears that without heir, King August's legitimacy would suffer.\n\nThese fears were proven empty when a sensational magazine published rumours of Prince Alexander's secret relationship with a commoner, Wanda Zawacka. She is a Pole of common birth, and her family has been involved in independence activism in the past. The relationship has been blooming for months now, and when approached by his father, Alexander was defiant, and expressed his wish to marry Zawacka, despite the dynastic and political scandal it would cause. Kaiser Wilhelm II has privately expressed his wish with August to persuade his son to abandon such folly, for the sake of dignity of the House Hohenzollern.
It would bring dishonour to the family.
Follow your heart, Alexander.
Men in our position must make sacrifices.
Alexander's Secret Marriage
The young prince has not give up on his love, despite both his father and his grandfather very clearly forbidding Prince Alexander's morganatic marriage. Despite hours of trying to change his mind, no one has managed to talk Alexander away from his plans of marrying Miss Zawacka. The King has all but given up on the prince, seeing any effort to change Alexander's mind on the issue as futile. When the prince announced the wedding that would take place in a small chapel in Warsaw, the last hopes of restraining the rebellious prince were in vain. There were no Hohenzollerns in the ceremony - the Kaiser had explicitly forbidden any member of the dynasty to join Alexander. Only a small group of the pair's personal friends were present as they were wed.\n\nFor his clear disobedience of both his father and the head of the Hohenzollern family, in addition to breaking the dynastic laws against morganatic marriage, Crown Prince Alexander was told to abdicate from his position as the Crown Prince and the Heir to the Throne of Poland - which he promptly gave up, declaring that he did not desire the throne in the first place. His disinheritance leaves the succession of the Kingdom in disarray, as August has no other children. It is widely assumed that he will name his younger brother, Prince Oskar, as his heir.
This all feels oddly familiar to August...
Alexander's Marriage
It was clear that Prince Alexander could not be swayed on his marriage plans. Seeing this, his parents decided it best to let Alexander follow his love, and ignore pleas from the head of the family. The royal family came to an agreement that Alexander will step aside from the succession and the King's younger brother, Oskar, would be nominated as heir. Alexander could then marry freely whomever he wished - and a wedding with Miss Zawacka was quickly arranged. It was a small scale celebration with only a small number of family and friends present.\n\nDespite the low profile, the event has gathered enormous media coverage in the Polish press, not the least because of Wanda Zawacka's humble birth. Ironically the prince became immensely more popular in Poland after relinquishing his titles than he ever was as the Crown Prince, and it seems that the King's decision to allow it is widely respected among his subjects.
His happiness is my happiness.
Alexander's Marriage
It seems that Prince Alexander's earlier romance was just a fling. Like a responsible heir to the throne, he left Miss Zawacka and focused on his career instead. In a twist of fate, he met a young Polish noblewoman from Poznań during his father's 52nd birthday celebrations. This Maria Zofia Bnińska was of an old and prestigious Polish family from Prussia. Whether out of actual love, or simply some attraction and a sense of duty, the pair ended up together - to the great relief of the court and the royal family.\n\nAlmost everyone seems happy about the news - the Poles respect that the Crown Prince chose his bride from an old Polish family, and Germans are happy for the symbolic significance of a spouse from Poznań. As for the Prince and the Princess themselves, only time can tell if their marriage will be a happy one.
Congratulations!
Alexander in the Air Force
The scions of German nobility have traditionally served in the armed forces, and Prince Alexander is no exception. His promotion to First Lieutenant and his command of the 14th Reconnaissance Escadrille stationed in Łódź have gathered a decent amount of media coverage. There were even aerial acrobatics shows arranged to celebrate the occasion - and show off the Royal Polish Air Force at the same time. The prince himself was among the 14 pilots who danced over the skies of Łódź in their PZL.50 Jastrząbs.\n\nSuch celebrations are a good way to increase both the popularity of the military and the monarchy - and it seems to have worked, as the crown prince keeps on being the darling of the media.
Fly safe, Alexander.
The Flying Piłsudski
Many women have volunteered to support the Polish military to their best ability. Perhaps the most notable among them is Jadwiga Piłsudska, the younger of the late Józef's two daughters. As a student of aircraft engineering, she already had a career in aviation before the war, and is now organising the recruitment of pilots and engineers from Warsaw Polytechnic.\n\nShe also fully intends to flight combat aircraft, saying that she has no reason to give less for her fatherland than her mother had done, who had served in the Polish Legions in communications.
Truly inspirational woman!
The Leadership of the Union of Polish Legionnaires
Originally created as an association of former soldiers of the Polish Legions, and later close associates of Józef Piłsudski in 1918, the Związek Legionistów Polskich (as it is in Polish) has served since then as a \
Appoint Adam Koc, Rydz-Śmigły's right-hand man.
Sosnkowski will find common ground.
Prystor will bring us back to revolutionary times.
The Raid on Myślenice
On the warm summer night of the 22nd of June, a hundred armed men arrived to the small town of Myślenice. They cut the telephone lines and took control of the police depot under the cover of darkness - and then turned towards their real goal, the sizable Jewish settlement. Jewish shops were raided and plundered, and their entire inventories burned in the town square. Even the synagogue was set on fire, and the militiamen beat the Jews who tried to oppose them.\n\nThey were acting under the orders of Adam Doboszyński, a National Democracy activist of merely 22 years of age. The \
Radicals like him are a threat to the nation.
The Trials of Adam Doboszyński
Perhaps the most awaited trial in both Polands began early today, as the man named Adam Doboszyński was brought before the courthouse of Kraków. A radical nationalist activist of OWP of just 22 years of age, Doboszyński had built himself a budding cult of personality in the Polish far-right. His calm demeanour betrayed the fiery oratory of his speeches and pamphlets, shared widely by Polish nationalist circles. He declared himself to be a follower of the Third Way, children of the age betrayed by both Capitalism and Socialism. He preached for the Great Nation and for the purification of its soul with Christian principles of morality and goodness of the human nature.\n\nAnd today, he admitted all of his guilt. Yes, he was the one responsible for the raid on Myślenice. Yes, he had organised the group of militia and attacked the Jews. And in what had quickly made him legendary, he had given himself up to the police after only few days of hiding. His actions were not an anarchist coup, Doboszyński argued, but rather simply a political demonstration. Whether due to his actual popular support, or from fear of the far-right, the jury acquitted Doboszyński of all charges, stating that he had acted under conditions of \
This can't be right.
The Camp of National Unity
In a radio address today, Colonel Adam Koc announced the creation of the Obóz Zjednoczenia Narodowego - OZN, Camp of National Unity. The party is mostly formed out of conservative politicians, thinkers and veterans. The manifesto is centred on General Rydz-Śmigły, who has acted as the heir to Piłsudski's legacy.\n\nThe OZN has declared their intent to support Rydz-Śmigły's campaign to strengthen and militarise Poland to weather the coming storms. The platform is essentially copied from the National Democrats, featuring anti-Semitic rhetoric of purification of Poland from \
They do have some points.
We should keep an eye on them.
Polska bez Proletariatu
It is rare for book releases to become matters of national security, but Wojciech Zaleski's work \
This ONR seems like a threat.
ONRs Offices Raided
The police raided ONR's main offices in Kalisz after group of ONR-connected activists were accused of the murder of a Jewish man a week ago. There have been constant calls by the councillors to shut the National Radical Camp down, and this raid might provide us with the evidence to finally gain solid legal ground for its banning. Unfortunately the raid escalated, as group of ONR members were caught armed. In a turn of events that are more fitting to Romanian Legion than for civilised state of Poland, the police ended up in fire-fight against the radicals holed up in their base.\n\nThe militiamen were armed with rifles and home-made bombs, and managed to hold on until the police reinforcements arrived. Multiple OZN members were wounded in the fight, the most well-known of them being Wojciech Zaleski, who was wounded in the crossfire. Despite the best attempts of the doctors to save him, Zaleski died of his wounds. Even if the incident has given us the perfect reason to ban the organisation, the nationalists have found a new martyr.
He shall be remembered as a traitor.
The death of this young man was a terrible tragedy.
A Polish Saint
In a declaration from Pope [PAP.GetLeader], 17th century Polish priest Andrzej Bobola has been officially canonised as a saint. Bobola, who is often called \
Welcome home.
Achtung Panzer!
Fresh off the press and already in circulation amongst prominent military circles, is \
A truly interesting book.
\
Władysław Studnicki is a very divisive figure, as a founding father of the modern Polish state, but also the main figure rationalising the pro-German tendency of Polish politics after 1914. In Studnicki's many literary works and long tenure as a senator, he has always called for cooperation with Germany against the Russian menace. In his latest book, \
Ominous words.
Censor such defeatism!
The Art of Poland
After the Great War, a deeply traumatised generation poured themselves into new styles of art. Old Romanticism-influenced movements became obsolete in the world where millions upon millions of young men had died in seemingly pointless bloodshed. Even in Germany, where government officials were often restrictive towards avant-garde styles, the new \
Can we get back to politics?
The Last of the Swords
Everyone knows a dashing officers' or noblemans' full attire requires a proper sword - and there is no better sword than the Ludwikówka, many Poles would say. Technically known as szabla wz. 34, this truly modern cavalry sabre is the product of the brightest minds and smiths in Poland. Having been described as \
If they want Polish swords, we will give them Polish swords!
Swords? In the 20th century?
Major Drug Shipment confiscated in Lublin
Thanks to our mole inside a Polish-Ukrainian smuggling network, the Lublin police managed to successfully intercept a major drugs shipment before it could be transported further east. This so called \
Good work, officers!
Increase their funding. We must be tough on criminals!
The Code of Boziewicz
The eight edition of the famed \
A gentleman has nothing but his honour!
The Death of Dowbor-Muśnicki
Today, the old general Józef Dowbor-Muśnicki died in hospital of a terrible heart disease. An ally of the Regency Council from the start, Dowbor-Muśnicki has been a staunch ally of the crown during these past few years, always speaking for independence and strength of the Polish army. In an address given by Crown Prince Alexander, he was posthumously awarded the state decoration of the Order of the White Eagle. Despite his criticism towards Piłsudski, both the men of the King and the dissenters can agree that the general was a nationalist who did the best he could for the nation.\n\nNow the General staff has a void needing a new appointment. There are three leading candidates being pushed for in the court; however such a high position of dire importance for our military affairs is not to be chosen lightly.
General Berbecki has been a loyal servant from the beginning.
General Sosnkowski has proved himself the brightest.
General Haller is both popular and able.
Neither of them is worthy.
A Pretender Arises!
Today, a rather unexpected and dangerous guest to our King has arrived in Warsaw from America. The man was quick to introduce himself to the local newspapers as none other than Paweł Salwator Piast-Riedelski, self-proclaimed Duke of Poland and Odobrites, and claimant to the throne of Poland. There were some residents who welcomed and cheered for him, with some even saying that he should be their King instead of some foreign \
Who is this person again?
A Pretender falls!
The claims of our \
Goodbye, Mr. \
Dzień Jedności
This day marks the anniversary of the official incorporation of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria into the Polish state. Official celebrations were held in many cities, especially in the south, in Lesser Poland. Government officials held a parade in the cities of Kraków and Lwów and special masses were held in churches.\n\nThe anniversary has also been established as a day free from work and education, as all Poles should celebrate the unity of the nation (hence the name of the celebration, \
We won't forsake the land we came from!
Citizen Hohenzollern
After his initial stay there, the former King of Poland, August Wilhelm, found that being part of the Hohenzollern dynasty in occupied Germany brought him little favour. Discreetly, he and his family petitioned the Polish government for asylum and were granted it, as they still were Polish citizens - on the condition that they lay low and stay out of politics. The family bought a small estate near the city of Danzig, and started their life as common citizens. Both August and Alexandra now are artists and sell their work, while Alexander works as an aviation engineer.\n\nThe Hohenzollerns are from time to time interviewed by the media, curious about the irony of the former royal family now living normal life as Polish Germans. The former king has mostly refrained from public comments, though it is rumoured that he has his memoirs in the works. It remains to be seen what kind of image these memoirs will paint of him, but the popular perception in Poland has turned strangely positive after the revolution and the war: him stepping down peacefully is even seen as noble, despite all the fiery words against August while he was still on the throne.
A surprisingly happy ending.
Marriage to the Sea
Ever since the dissolution of our country in 1793, the Polish nation has lost access to the sea. But now, after almost 150 years of separation, we have returned to our long-lost love. To celebrate this grand reunion, many ceremonies are being held along the coasts under our control, where the Polish nation is symbolically reunited with the sea.\n\nOn a more practical level, access to the Baltic Sea opens us a supply route - a slim and unsure one, but a route nonetheless. A number of ships were captured still in port, in addition to a large fuel depot that was serving the German Baltic Fleet.
We will never leave you again!
The Fate of the Royal Castle
Constructed in 1598 as the seat of power for Sigismund III, the Royal Castle in Warsaw has stood as the seat of Polish Kings for hundreds of years. After 1920, it has hosted an even more tyrannical occupant, King August IV himself. But now the kings are gone, as the country has thrown off the shackles of oppression, and the Castle sits as a blight upon the worker's paradise that is Warsaw. Its central place and prestigious status would serve some government office well, but some would prefer to use the castle as a museum instead — to wholly forget its use to rule over men.
Redesign it to serve the syndicalist government.
Renovate it as a museum to workers worldwide.
Renovating Modlin Fortress
The great Modlin Fortress, some fifty kilometres north of Warsaw, has been one of Europe's greatest defensive structures for a century now. It was modernised and expanded greatly during Russian rule, when it was known as Novogeorgievsk, the symbol of Russian might looming over Warsaw like barrel of a gun. The Germans captured the fortress complex with almost no fighting in 1915, and after briefly serving as barracks, it was left to become obsolete, as further fortifications were focused to the east, not north.\n\nHowever, the fortress is perfectly suited to renovation. While fixed fortifications do not serve as impregnable walls as they did in the past, sufficiently armed fortress can still cover Warsaw's northern flank and delay the enemy greatly. General Major Zbigniew Antonowicz has put forward a plan to modernise the bunkers of the Modlin Fortress and install modern anti-air and anti-tank emplacements.
Nonsense, no one is going to attack us from the north.
Better safe than sorry.
The Piast and the Jagiellon Concepts
When asked why the great Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth fell to ruin, Roman Dmowski pointed to how multiculturalism was what made the Commonwealth weak. From the Endecja's point of view, they would rather look back to the medieval Kingdom of Poland, ruled by the Piast dynasty. To them, by expanding outside natural Polish borders, the nation became weak and disunited. Jews, Germans, Ukrainians and Russians robbed Poland of its identity, and only a homogenous Poland can survive against its many foes. And the concept is not confined to the Endeks - it has even enjoyed tacit support from the modern Kingdom of Poland, which is painted as \
If only those old days came back.
German Labour Party of Poland
While it is easy to see the German minority in Poland as a mere representative of the oppressive government in Berlin, it paints a woefully simple picture of them.\n\nThere are around half a million Germans in Poland, mostly concentrated in the industrial cities of the Łódź voivodeship. Only a minority of them are large landholders who wield considerable political influence in the Geheimrat. The vast majority of Polish Germans have had a long history of cooperation with Polish and Jewish organisations, and are generally members of the German Labour Party of Poland (DAP), a moderate socialist party with close connections to both the German and the Polish social democratic parties. They tend to de-emphasise issues of nationality, and usually work together with the PPS as a small allied party in the Sejm.
Interesting.
The 20th National Day
Today, Poland celebrates the 20th anniversary of the Act of 5th November in 1916, which first defined the Kingdom of Poland in its modern form. After the declaration, the Provisional Council of State was created to organise the public life of new-born Poland, with Józef Piłsudski leading the military arm. As one of the Central Powers, Poland fought for its liberty from the Russian Empire.\n\nThe initial choice of 5th of November as the national day was controversial, as it focuses on how the Kingdom of Poland exists because Germany and Austria allowed it to, but as the years have gone by, the day has been changed into an actual national celebration, that tries to focus on Poland's struggle for liberty against Russia, and commemorates the earlier anti-Russian uprisings.
Long live August IV and the peace!
The People's Day
Modelled after Labour Day on the 1st of May, People's Day is feast of the Polish People's movement. Held on the first day of Pentecost, Polish peasants are encouraged to celebrate by displaying party banners and decorating their houses with green. The day is meant to be a purely peasant holiday, with only agrarian organisations allowed to show their flags, and has become the usual time for the peasants to hold village gatherings and raise funds for the People's Party.
Let them enjoy it...
The National Socialist Party
The National Socialist Party (Partia Narodowych Socjalistów) was formed in 1936 by a faction of the National Workers' Party, one of the ChZJN's member parties. Its leader, Kazimierz Dagnan, represented the radical wing of the party. Since Black Monday hit Poland, they have started surging in popularity with their populist anti-capitalist and anti-monarchist rhetoric.\n\nIn Dagnan's manifesto, he declares his party to be a continuation of the \
Nationalists? Socialists? Democrats? I'm lost...
Formation of the Zadruga
There was quite a stir in Warsaw today, as philosopher Jan Stachniuk held a rally, declaring his intention of creating a new mass party to win the elections and heal Poland. Stachniuk declared that a new Great War is coming, one that will destroy Poland unless it frees itself from the chains of Christianity and modernity.\n\nWhat he terms \
Well... it's original, at least.
Zakrzewski's Two Ideals
Traditional Marxism holds a materialistic view of humanity, with no room for volkgeist and belief. The Syndicalism of Kazimierz Zakrzewski rejects this cynic materialism, and instead almost venerates the ideal worker, the nation, and the almost divine idea of revolution. Class is not something defined by person's wage, it is about choosing the idea. The worker, the producer, is a model for human being, creative and able to propel the civilisation forwards, while non-productive forces would rather drag it back to history. This identification with the worker's ideal requires personal revolution in the individual's soul, where he realises his part in moving his nation forward in history.\n\nSimilarly, a nation is not only a collective of people, but rather a historical force in itself. Each nation has their own lives and values, inherent to them. Poland's role is to be the shining beacon of liberty and civilisation all across the Eastern Europe, just as France's is to be that beacon to the entire world. However, Zakrzewski's conception of nation is not restricted to language or culture, but rather some greater idea and direction of history. The Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth forms one such idea, where multiple peoples were united in belief of liberty and civilisational creativity.
... what?
The Opera House
The Raid on Myślenice and the subsequent trial of the young radical Doboszyński remains fresh in the minds of nationalist Poles across the kingdom, and has thus invited imitators. Small groups of far-right nationalists, barely armed and hardly trained, begun instigating their own protests, raids and acts of violence, rarely with success.\n\nThe town of Cyców was supposed to become a second Myślenice — over sixty men, half of them armed, arrived to the town at night, aiming to cut the telephone lines and begin a pogrom. However, to their surprise, the town was not defenceless — a small group of veterans of the Weltkrieg were visiting the town, and immediately took arms when they realised that something was amiss. In a quick firefight, the nationalist militia fled the town after several of their members were taken out before they could even register what was going on.\n\nAs inhabitants of the town reported after the fact, the veterans introduced themselves as \
Who is this \
A \
Ever since the days of the Polish Commonwealth, tales have been spun about so called \
Curious.
A \
With the recent revolution in Poland, the local Romani community have been swift to attempt to adapt to the political circumstances. The King of the Roma, a position long held by the powerful Kwiek Family, has announced he will be surrendering his title and adopt the appellation \
What next, the Chairman of the Roma?
Splitting Hairs
News has reached the administration in Warsaw over an internal conflict within the \
Isn't a split in the Church comprising of 500 people essentially killing it?
Tell me more about Mariavites.
Mariae Vitam Imitantes
The Mariavite Church is based on doctrines and actions of Sister Maria Franciszka Kozłowska. Originally the Sister-Superior of \
That explains the \
Monarchy and Nationalism
As the 1938 election draws closer, a curious new political group has been gaining interest in Warsaw over the past few weeks. Formed recently by several ex-ChZJN and ex-MKP activists, the \
As long as they support us.
Dmowski's roubles are surely behind this!
And who exactly is that Gembarzewski?
The Polish Maurras
Leszek Adolf Gembarzewski was born on the 28th of August, 1899 in Warsaw. His father engineered the city's sewers, and his innovations helped improve the city's water supply. He graduated in law at the University of Warsaw, and, after a brief episode in the military, has been a clerk at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs since the 20s.\n\nHis political career begun in October of 1919, when he co-founded the \
As long as he supports us.
Dmowski's roubles are surely behind him!
Poland Signs Peace with the Internationale
With the collapse of the Reichspakt, Poland was faced with invasion on all sides; in order to protect its independence, it has officially concluded a peace treaty with the member states of the Third Internationale. Many have been quick to point out that the peace treaty was heavily one sided, and that Poland has become a satellite state in all but name.\n\nThe Russians have denounced the conclusion of the treaty, decrying it as a \
With the collapse of the Reichspakt, Poland was faced with invasion on all sides; in order to protect its independence, it has officially concluded a peace treaty with the member states of the Third Internationale.\n\nMany have been quick to point out that the peace treaty was heavily one sided, and that Poland has become a satellite state in all but name.
Did they really have any choice?
A most wise decision!
They will regret this.
Poland Signs Peace with Russia
With the collapse of the Reichspakt, Poland was faced with invasion on all sides; in order to protect its independence, it has officially concluded a peace treaty with the [RUS.GetName]. Many have been quick to point out that the peace treaty was heavily one sided, and that Poland has become a satellite state in all but name.\n\nThe Third Internationale has denounced the conclusion of the treaty, decrying the Polish government as \
With the collapse of the Reichspakt, Poland was faced with invasion on all sides; in order to protect its independence, it has officially concluded a peace treaty with the [RUS.GetName].\n\nMany have been quick to point out that the peace treaty was heavily one sided, and that Poland has become a satellite state in all but name.
Did they really have any choice?
A most wise decision!
They will not escape the revolution.
The Clover Revolution
Following Centrolew-led mass protests in Poland against the widely unpopular German monarchy, August IV authorised a plan to crush the protestors by declaring a state of emergency and mobilising as many army units as possible. Large parts of the army refused to follow the King's orders due to the possibilty of being ordered to shoot their countrymen.\n\nFaced with constantly emboldening demands, August declared his abdication in a historic radio address, which was followed by widespread celebrations and the declaration of a People's Republic ruled by the Centrolew.
Liberty is a precious thing.
We shall monitor the situation carefully.
The flames of liberty cannot be extinguished.
Nationalist Coup in Poland
In response to controversial policies against the Church by the Centrolew government, a group of conspirators led by Edward Rydz-Śmigły marched on Warsaw in the dead of night and captured the Capital by the early morning after a brief fight against loyalist forces. To avoid further bloodshed, the government resigned and handed power over to Rydz-Śmigły.
$poland_news_events.4.d.centrolew_text$\n\nAfter an ultimatum from Poland's former ally to restore the Centrolew government, Śmigły withdrew from the alliance, declaring all previous treaties void and assumed the title of Chief of State in preparation for an inevitable response by Poland's former ally.
$poland_news_events.4.d.centrolew_text$\n\nAfter an agreement to uphold previous treaties with Poland's ally, Rydz consolidated power by taking the postion of Chief of Army and Minister of Defence, while the rest of his cabinet was formed by National Democrats and associates of Rydz.
Taking advantage of the war in Europe, General Edward Rydz-Śmigły executed a well-planned conspiracy with support from the National Democrat government and the Polish military. The military easily marched on Warsaw with simultaneous operations securing control over other major cities.\n\nAssuming the title of Chief of State, Rydz-Śmigły declared his intention to finally complete Piłsudski's work and achieve Poland's final liberation from German oppression.
We vow that we won't be slaves any longer!
They will be crushed with no mercy.
The Germanic Order falters once more.
Communism will not be allowed to poison Poland.
There will be no problems as long they prove to be loyal allies.
Another blow to Polish democracy.
Socialist Uprising in Poland
As a result of the national mood turning against the war in Europe, a general strike was declared in Poland to protest against conscription and rationing for what was seen as a war to entrench German imperialism.\n\nThe uneasy standoff between the government and strikers did not last long as skirmishes between militia and the police escalated into a revolution as mutinous units aided the strikers.\n\nIn the aftermath, Kazimierz Zakrzewski was elected as Chief of State and announced the beginning of a People's war against German Imperialism.
The inescapable tide of World Revolution continues.
Yet another democracy is extinguished.
Another nation falls to thuggery.
Nationalist Uprising in Poland
As a result of the looming Russia threat, Polish units had been discreetly called back to the motherland as part of a defence plan.\n\nUnbeknownst to the Germans, this was the first part of a conspiracy within the army. Once the plan was ready, German forces were disarmed by the Polish army while nationalist cells rose up across the country.\n\nIn an emergency session of the Sejm, Adam Doboszyński was appointed as Chief of State, and announced the beginning of Poland's final liberation from German Imperialism.
We vow that we won't be slaves any longer!
Another despot oppressing the working class.
A potential ally against the Germans.
The fools would rather damn themselves to Russian imperialism than fight?!
Freedom is worth dying for.
Formation of the Slavic Union
Following the collapse of the German Empire, an outcome no-one could have forseen has occurred.\n\nBeginning from an uprising during the Second World War, Poland gained control of large swathes of Eastern Europe through a grueling war against Russia. Once the fighting was over, Adam Doboszyński announced the formation of a greater West Slavic Union, composed of National Republics in Czechoslovakia, Lithuania, Belarus and Ukraine.\n\nIn Doboszyński's view, the existence of the West Slavs can only be guaranteed through cooperation against German and Russian Imperialism.
Slavdom is finally free from Byzanto-Turanian perversion.
... as long as they remain allies.
This madness won't even last a year.
Formation of the Central European Confederation
Formation of the Commonwealth
A new nation enters the global stage. After the defeat of the German Empire, the Polish Socialist Republic established like-minded republics in Czechoslovakia, leading to the idea of a union of West Slavs gaining prominence within Polish political circles.\n\nThereafter, delegates from Czechia, Slovakia and Poland agreed to form a decentralised Confederation that followed syndicalist principles, a move which was sponsored by France since it created a strong socialist power in Eastern Europe.
A new nation enters the global stage. After the defeat of the German Empire, the Polish Socialist Republic gained control of large swathes of territory in Eastern Europe as part of Chairman Zakrzewski's vision of an Intermarium to liberate Eastern Europe from its oppressors.\n\nWith delegations from Poland, Lithuania, Belarus and Ukraine present, \
Socialism is the uniter of mankind.
An illegitimate imitation of a nation,\nnothing more.
Clover Revolution Crushed
Following Centrolew-led mass protests in Poland against the widely unpopular German monarchy, August IV authorised a plan to crush the protestors by sending Heinz Guderian's armoured unit into the capital. What followed was nothing short of a massacre, with thousands dead as the protests' leaders were either imprisoned or shot.\n\nWith several constitutional liberties suspended, August IV and his allies have consolidated near-absolute power in Poland, kept loyal with the threat of another German military invasion.
Liberty dies in Poland.
More proof of the tyranny of German hegemony.
Dissent shall not be tolerated.
Germany consolidates its grip over Europe...
Monarchist Coalition Re-elected in Poland
For 4 years, the young Kingdom of Poland has been a political battleground: conservatives, progressives, socialists, nationalists, and friends and foes of Germany alike all struggling to the backdrop of Black Monday, underground criminal investigations, and foreign meddling. In this light, this year's elections were made out to be a sign for both domestic politics, and Germany's prospects in its east.\n\nFortunately for Berlin, the elections ended in victory for the Interpartisan Circle's governing monarchist coalition and its centrist, pro-German programme. Having averted the threat of electoral defeat, the Circle has vindicated its liberal direction and staved off radical actors for the moment - but even so, tensions remain, and Polish politics seem unlikely to ease up any time soon.
For 4 years, the young Kingdom of Poland has been a political battleground: conservatives, progressives, socialists, nationalists, and friends and foes of Germany alike all struggling to the backdrop of Black Monday, underground criminal investigations, and foreign meddling. In this light, this year's elections were made out to be a sign for both domestic politics, and Germany's prospects in its east.\n\nFortunately for Berlin, the pro-German Interpartisan Circle has won a Sejm majority, despite a split with their nationalist allies over the latter's ties to Russia. Having averted the threat of electoral defeat, the Circle has vindicated its liberal direction and staved off radical actors for the moment - but even so, tensions remain, and Polish politics seem unlikely to ease up any time soon.
Send Ponikowski our congratulations.
Well, that Lewiatan deal can still go through...
We're lucky to have them.
What else to expect from bourgeois democracy?
Can a nation be free with a Berliner for a king?
Better the devil you know.
Opposition Wins Polish Elections
For 4 years, the young Kingdom of Poland has been a political battleground: conservatives, progressives, socialists, nationalists, and friends and foes of Germany alike all struggling to the backdrop of Black Monday, underground criminal investigations, and foreign meddling. In this light, this year's elections were made out to be a sign for both domestic politics, and Germany's prospects in its east.\n\nAs many anticipated, the results were a victory for the agrarian-socialist Centrolew alliance, giving a Sejm majority to parties openly critical of both Germany and the Polish monarchy. The Centrolew have promised sweeping reforms to Polish politics and society - but it remains to be seen whether such reforms will be possible in the face of a suspicious king.
Surely, there must be something wrong with the ballots...
Can you hear Krakow sing?
They do not speak for us.
The people have spoken. But how will Germany respond?
But their victory is hollow if they will not fight for it.
Everywhere they go, Germany breeds resentment.
A troubling sign for Germany's eastern policy.
Nationalist Government Elected in Poland
For 4 years, the young Kingdom of Poland has been a political battleground: conservatives, progressives, socialists, nationalists, and friends and foes of Germany alike all struggling to the backdrop of Black Monday, underground criminal investigations, and foreign meddling. In this light, this year's elections were made out to be a sign for both domestic politics, and Germany's prospects in its east.\n\nThe result was somewhat unexpected - while a monarchist coalition still has a majority in the Sejm, the main benefactor was the Chjena alliance of conservative nationalists. While allied to monarchist and pro-German elements, the Chjena consists of many who seek more political and economic independence from Germany, raising serious questions about Polish-German relations moving forward.
...Interesting.
Did Germany really win?
Either way, we will have to rely on them.
You cannot go forwards by moving back.
I do wonder what Dmowski will say about this...
A curious result, to be sure.
Polish King Appoints Loyalist Government
For 4 years, the young Kingdom of Poland has been a political battleground: conservatives, progressives, socialists, nationalists, and friends and foes of Germany alike all struggling to the backdrop of Black Monday, underground criminal investigations, and foreign meddling. In this light, this year's elections were made out to be a sign for both domestic politics, and Germany's prospects in its east.\n\nIn fact, they were too important: citing the instability surrounding the election, the Polish king has unilaterally appointed Władysław Studnicki, a conservative royalist, as prime minister with a mandate to restore order to the country. Given the strong opposition to the undemocratic move from both left and right, time will tell whether the king's gambit will pay off, or simply stoke more instability.
Drastic, but necessary.
Drastic, and needless.
Instability in one of us endangers all of us.
Those who seek to oppress the workers will find their enemies infinite.
A new low for the German imperial project.
Drastic.
