Philippines
Philippine
the Philippines
Commonwealth of the Philippines
Philippine
the Commonwealth of the Philippines
Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Socialist Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
Republic of the Philippines
Philippine
the Republic of the Philippines
POF
$PHI_syndicalist_party_long$
POF
Partido Obrero de Filipinas\n§LThe Partido Obrero is the leading body of the Philippine far-left. Originally founded in 1924 as a vehicle for labour candidates in municipal elections, it was quickly captured by far-left activists, who used it as a pressure group to push the Philippine Labor Congress towards a more radical stance. The POF is ideologically syndicalist and an affiliate of the Third International; its main base of support lies among the Manila working class. However, it has formed close links to major Luzon peasant groups, a necessity in a country where most of the population is still rural.§!\n
POF
$PHI_syndicalist_party_long$
PR
Partido Republicano\n§LThe Partido Republicano was founded by writer, journalist, and labour activists Isabelo de los Reyes in 1905. Reflecting de los Reyes's progressive and idiosyncratic beliefs, it was mainly a vehicle for his own electoral efforts. Eventually, de los Reyes passed leadership of the Republicanos to his close friend Gregorio Aglipay, first bishop of Philippine Independent Church. It was rendered effectively defunct after the 1935 Presidential Election.§!\n
PD
Partido Democrata\n§LThe Democrata was formed in 1917 following the merger of the Partido Nacional Progresista and the Partido Nacional Democrata, at the time the two main opponents to the Nacionalista Party. In fact, the Democratas have been almost entirely defined by their opposition to the Nacionalistas. When the Nacionalistas split among themselves, the Democratas were able to exploit the division; but when the Nacionalistas came back together, the Democratas would be out in the cold again. After years of struggling to provide an alternative vision for Philippine politics, the party has been moving in a more progressive direction under the brilliant Claro M. Recto, who paints the Democratas as defenders of clean government and civil liberties.§!\n
PN
Partido Nacionalista\n§LThe Nacionalista Party was founded in 1907 by the young politicians who advocated \
PN
$PHI_market_liberal_party_long$
PN
Partido Nacionalista\n§LThe Nacionalista Party was founded in 1907 by the young politicians who advocated \
PPS
Partido Pambansang Sosyalista\n§LThe Partido Pambansang Sosyalista is a recent development. It is nothing more than the vehicle for the potential presidential candidate Emilio Aguinaldo, who declares it to be not a party but \
PC
Philippine Constabulary\n§LThe Philippine Constabulary was a creation of the Americans, who needed a native auxiliary to maintain law and order in the islands during its war of conquest. The Constabulary's main tasks were defeating the last rebels and putting down the Moro Rebellion; since then, it has transformed into something like a national gendarmerie, serving as law enforcement and as a component of national defence alongside the young Army. The Constabulary is notorious among the common people for its harshness in putting down potential threats to the state, whether that be protesting peasants or religious movements.§!\n
PS
Partido Sakdalista\n§LThe Sakdalista Party was founded in 1933 by the disgruntled former Nacionalista Benigno Ramos. Ramos had worked as a Senate clerk and was close to Quezon, but broke with the party after joining a wildcat strike. He then set up the newspaper \
Crisanto Evangelista
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1888, in Meycauayan, Bulacan Province, Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom a peasant family, Crisanto Evangelista became a printer's apprentice in the growing city of Manila. He joined one of the country's first labour unions, the Unión de Impresores de Filipinas, eventually becoming its secretary-general. Though initially a Nacionalista, Evangelista was increasingly influenced by Marxist ideas and joined the Partido Obrero, where he led the charge to transform it into a truly revolutionary socialist party. Since then, the Partido Obrero has pushed the Congreso Obrero de Filipinas towards syndicalism. Evangelista has earned the plaudits of the Third International, which recognises him as the paramount leader of Philippine syndicalism.§!
Juan Feleo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1896, in Santa Rosa, Nueva Ecija Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a downwardly-mobile small landowner, Juan Feleo became a schoolteacher, but quickly found his calling in defending poor tenants threatened with eviction. With peasant organisations springing up in central Luzon, the Nacionalista Party sponsored the creation of the Kalipunang Pambansa ng Magbubukid sa Pilipinas (National Confederation of Peasants of the Philippines). Feleo became vice president of the KPMP and moved the group in a more militant direction, confronting the political establishment. His success and notoriety, including several stints in jail earned him a place among the leadership of the Partido Obrero as head of the peasant department.§!
Gregorio Aglipay
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1860, in Batac, Ilocos Norte Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile most members of the Philippine clergy did not support the rebellion against the Spanish crown, Father Gregorio Aglipay was an exception. Converted to the revolutionary cause, Aglipay became chaplain of the provisional government and was the only clergyman to attend the Malolos Congress, for which he was excommunicated by the archbishop of Manila. After the war, Aglipay was convinced by the writer Isabelo de los Reyes to join his movement for a breakaway nationalist church. The Philippine Independent Church was founded in 1902 and Gregorio Aglipay became its first Supreme Bishop. He later succeeded de los Reyes as leader of the progressive Partido Republicano.§!
Claro Recto
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1890, in Tiaong, Tayabas Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom an educated, upper-middle class family, Claro Recto was a brilliant student who embarked on a highly successful legal career. Beginning as a legal advisor to the Senate, he won the election to the House of Representatives from the second district of Batangas. Several years later, Recto became floor leader of the Democrata minority in the House, a position that gave him a spot on the independence mission to the United States. Though often attempting to return to practising law and teaching, Recto was always pulled back into the world of politics. He is best known as the primary author of the Philippine Constitution.§!
Manuel Quezon
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1878, in Baler, Nueva Ecija Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe story of Philippine politics since American rule might be the story of one man: Manuel Quezon. Pausing his studies in law to join the Republican Army during the Philippine-American War, Quezon was elected governor of his home province at the age of 28. The next year he was elected to the First Philippine Legislature and became majority floor leader. With Speaker of the House Sergio Osmeña, he founded the Nacionalista Party, which has won every election ever since. Quezon and Osmeña have had a volatile relationship, and their successive feuding and reconciling has dominated political life. But Quezon gained the upper hand, and it was under his aegis that a set date for independence from the United States was finally secured. For this, Quezon handily won the election to become first President of the Philippine Commonwealth.§!
Manuel Roxas
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1892, in Capiz, Capiz Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a large, landowning \
Emilio Aguinaldo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1869, in Cavite el Viejo, Cavite Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmilio Aguinaldo was born into a rich family; his father served as municipal governor for the Spanish administration, and Aguinaldo followed in his footsteps. Nonetheless, he joined the revolutionary secret society Katipunan and became leader of the rebels of Cavite. After winning several victories against the Spanish, the First Philippine Republic was declared with Aguinaldo as President. However, the Spanish counterattack forced Aguinaldo into exile, only returning during the Spanish-American War. The revolutionaries and the Americans soon fell out, and in the ensuing conflict, Aguinaldo's forces were defeated. After surrendering to the Americans, Aguinaldo retired from politics, but remained active in veterans' organisations and has been a living symbol of the revolution.§!
Paulino Santos
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1890, in Camiling, Tarlac Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LUpon turning 18, Paulino Santos enlisted in the Philippine Constabulary; after four years of service, he entered the Constabulary Officers' School, from which he graduated valedictorian. Lieutenant Santos saw action in two campaigns against the Moros, where he distinguished himself with his leadership and gallantry. When time came for the formation of a true Commonwealth Army, Santos was one of the Constabulary officers who was selected to transfer. In doing so, he was promoted to brigadier general. Rapidly rising through the ranks, he has also proven to be a shockingly capable administrator in his own right with the government considering him for major civilian projects as well.§!
Benigno Ramos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1892, in Bulacan, Bulacan Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many members of the rising educated middle class, Benigno Ramos worked as a teacher before moving to Manila with the aim of entering the civil service. He did well at first, rising to a position on the Senate staff and even forming a relationship with Quezon. But after Ramos joined a teachers' strike, Quezon demanded his resignation, causing Ramos to bitterly quit the Nacionalista Party. He started the newspaper \
Guillermo Capadocia
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Negros Oriental Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a poor labouring family, Capadocia worked as a chef and waiter before becoming a trade unionist in the 1920s. Despite his lack of formal education, he is known to be highly literate and an expert in socialist literature. A Central Committee member and General Secretary of the Partido Obrero, he is an extremely prominent socialist and labour organiser.§!
Norberto Nabong
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn electrician by training, Norberto Nabong became a city councillor in Manila as a member of the anti-Quezon Partido Obrero. He was tapped by Gregorio Aglipay to run as his Vice President during the 1935 elections, perhaps in hopes of broadening the Partido Republicano's primarily rural support base to include urban workers.§!
Vincente Sotto
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1877, in Cebu City, Cebu Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated at the University of San Carlos, in 1899 he published Justicia, the first newspaper in Cebu published by a Philippine citizen where he made the case for independence. Censored by the American Governor, he pressed on a week later by publishing El Nacional, leading to his imprisonment. Undeterred, he continued to publish even after his release, also making major contributions to Cebuano culture through his plays, one of which was dedicated \
Sergio Osmeña
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1878, in Cebu City, Cebu Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn the illegitimate child of Don Antonio Sanson, a prominent Chinese mestizo businessman and landowner, he took his mother's name and was embraced by the wealthy Chinese Philippine Osmeña clan. While studying at San Juan de Letran College, he met Manuel Quezon, his future ally and rival. Studying law, he rose through the ranks, elected Governor of Cebu in 1906.\n\nA year later, he ran for a seat in the newly inaugurated Philippine Assembly and became its first speaker. He co-founded the Nacionalista Party along with Quezon, clashing with American authorities. Nevertheless, he was elected to the Senate and became President pro tempore. The pair would split over the Hare-Hawes-Cutting Bill, with Osmeña coming out in support of the bill while Quezon rejected it over several provisions about military bases. This caused schism in the Nacionalista Party, with Quezon's wing gaining the upper hand in the 1934 elections. In 1935, the two wings reconciled and ran under one ticket, with Quezon becoming the first President of the Commonwealth and Osmeña serving as Vice President.§!
Elpidio Quirino
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1890, in Vigan, Ilocos Sur Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Vigan Provincial Jail to a family of Chinese Mestizo descent, Quirino practised as a lawyer before he was elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in 1922. He then was elected Senator in 1925, serving as acting majority leader from 1932-1933 as intra-party tensions boiled over during debates over the Hare-Hawes-Cutting bill and both Benigno Aquino Sr. and Sergio Osmeña went to the United States to lobby for its passage. When the bicameral Congress was abolished in 1935, he lost his seat, but is said to be seeking a comeback within the Nacionalista Party.§!
Raymundo Melliza
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1854, in Iloilo City, Iloilo Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving studied at the University of Santo Tomas, Raymundo Melliza sought further education in Spain in the late 1870s. He returned to the Philippines in 1880, working as a judge before participating in the Philippine Revolution. Briefly the President of the short-lived Estado Federal de Visayas in Panay, he acted as a revolutionary general and later Governor of Iloilo during the American occupation from 1904-1906. Having retired from politics shortly afterwards, decades later he made his return to politics when he joined as Emilio Aguinaldo's running mate for the 1935 Philippine Elections. Though unsuccessful in his candidacy to become Vice President, he remains politically active in Aguinaldo's movement.§!
Basilio Valdes
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1892, in Manila City, Manila Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LValdes' father was a doctor and former classmate of Philippine hero José Rizal, but his mother's death when he was five saw his family drift from city to city. Attending schools in Spain, the Philippines, and Hong Kong, he became a physician. After a brief stint as a student leader and lecturer, he volunteered in the Great War as a medical volunteer in the French Army.\n\nReturning home after the war, he ran a clinic in Manila before being asked to join the Philippine Constabulary to overhaul their medical services in 1922. Within four years he was chief surgeon, becoming a medical inspector until 1934 when he became a brigadier general and chief of the Constabulary. By 1936, he was tapped to serve as Deputy Chief of Staff of the Philippine Army under Paulino Santos.§!
Celerino Tiongco
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Captancy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA relatively obscure figure, Tiongco is said to be from Santa Rosa, Laguna. While Benigno Ramos was away campaigning in the United States against the passage of the Hare-Hawes-Cutting bill, Tiongco became the acting manager of the Sakdal newspaper, demonstrating his prominence as a leader for the Sakdalista movement. Frustrations over the ineffective tour led to the transformation of the Sakdalista movement into a more formal party, and Tiongco participated in the organisation of multiple regional chapters and campaigning during the 1934 election. The May 2nd Uprising in 1935 however put a dent in the Sakdalista movement, forcing its leadership to go underground.§!
Vincente Lim
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1888, in Calamba, Laguna Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn the third of four children, Vicente Lim comes from Chinese descent with his father a full-blooded Sangley and his mother a mesitza de sangley (Chinese mesitza). His parents were friends with the family of José Rizal, the national hero of the Philippines. When he was 14, Vicente formed a group of children to act as couriers for General Miguel Malvar's forces in Calamba. Following the end of the Philippine-American War, Vicente became a teacher and due to his athleticism and skills in mathematics, he was encouraged to apply for the United States Military Academy at West Point. There, he became the first Filipino to enter the school. Despite facing severe racial prejudice, Vicente was the only foreign cadet to graduate in the class of 1914. Upon his graduation, he was commissioned a post in the Philippine Scouts where for the last few years, he has begun teaching officers at the Philippine Constabulary. Due to his background of training in the United States, he remains one of the most qualified military officers on the island.§!
Carlos Romulo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1898, in Intramuros, Manila Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Romulo was born to Pangasinese parents who fought against the United States during the Philippine-American War. His father then transitioned to working for the US government in the Philippines, rising through the ranks as a town councillor, mayor, and eventually governor of Tarlac province. Carlos began his education at Camiling Central Elementary School and then became a professor of English at the University of the Philippines. He then achieved a post as secretary to the president of the Senate of the Philippines, Manuel Quezon. He followed his passion for the literary world by becoming the publisher and editor of \
Ruperto Kangleon
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1890, in Macrohon, Leyte Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRuperto Kangleon studied up to sixth grade in Leyte and then completed his elementary education in Surigao, because he refused to submit to what he considered was the overbearing and oppressive conduct of his school authorities. He then went to Cebu, where he distinguished himself as an all around star athlete and was sent abroad as part of the Philippines Olympics Team of 1912. After graduation, he went to Manila and enrolled in the University of the Philippines, but found himself attracted to military life. He enrolled and was admitted into the Philippine Constabulary School where he became a distinguished officer in pacification campaigns against lawless elements.§!
Jesús Vargas
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1905, in Manila Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJesús Miranda Vargas finished his Bachelor of Science at the Philippine Constabulary Academy in 1929. He then went to the United States to study at the field artillery school and then became an aide-de-camp to the Philippine President and Commanding Officer.§!
Mateo Capinpin
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1887, in Morong, Rizal Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMateo Capinpin took up his elementary and secondary studies in the Laguna High School. After graduation, he joined the Philippine Scouts, where at the age of 24, he became the youngest FIrst Sergeant. He rose the ranks and earned a commission and would take command of the 45th Infantry Regiment. Further studies brought him to the United State Army Infantry School in Fort Benning, Georgia in 1920. In 1936, Capinpin retired from the Philippine Scouts to join the newly formed Philippine Army.§!
Luis Taruc
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1913, in Santa Monica, San Luis, Pampanga Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLuis Taruc was born into a life of poverty in a peasant family. At the age of eight, Luis attended public school in San Miguel, Bulacan. At fifteen, he attended high school in Tarlac City. He then attended the University of Manila for two years studying medicine and law but was unable to afford schooling due to the expenses. He then returned to Batasan where he set up a tailor shop with his brother. As a youth he was inspired by the stories of the Katipuneros who had fought for independence and freedom against Spain, and soon certain people in his village and province began to see him as the incarnation of the prominent Katipunan leader Felipe Salvador. He also found himself influenced and drawn to the Marxist movement of Pedro Abad sSantos and joined Santos as a full time organiser of the Socialist Party of the Philippines. Already a prominent militant leader, he was appointed commander-in-chief and chairman of the military committee of the revolutionary government.§!
Casto Alejandrino
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1911, in Arayat, Pampanga Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlejandrino's family included the famous revolutionary general and Senator of the Philippines José Alejandrino. Thanks to a land inheritance of 68 acres of land in Aryat, Alejandro found himself empathizing with the land workers he inherited and vowed to liberate them from their chains. An active spokesperson for the peasant group \
Vivencio Cuyugan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1895, in San Fernando, Pampanga Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVivencio Cuyugan began his career in the United States where he studied and supported himself through professional boxing. Returning home educated from the States, he was appointed Municipal Vice-President of San Fernando in 1927 and was elected the first socialist mayor of the Philippines and the first Municipal Mayor. Together with Pedro Abad Santos, he co-founded the Socialist Party of the Philippines. He has also helped organise and command a socialist militia forces.§!
Bernardo Poblete
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Minalin, Pampanga Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBernrado Poblete was born to a lower-class family and served in the Philippine Scouts from 1907 to 1911, where he would find employment under the US Army. After leaving the Scouts, he returned to civilian life as a farmer, and joined the Aguman Ding Talapagobra (League of Poor Laborers) where he involved himself in activities involving the AMT and Socialist Party. His continuous involvement would see his rise through the ranks, despite his less-than-perfect understanding of socialism. With the outbreak of rebellion, Poblete would found the Banal Regiment and lead them in battle. His wife and children joined and continue to serve under his command, with his son Tomas being his trusted second in command.§!
Enrique Jurado
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1911, in Lucena Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in the rapidly industrialising city of Lucena, Enrique Jurado moved to Maryland to study at the United States Naval Academy in 1934. During his freshman year, he participated in soccer and then wrestling - earning letterman honours in his final three years. Once he returned to his home nation, he would become one of the Philippines' few naval officers, possessesing an interest in ordnance and torpedo boats.§!
Pelagio Cruz
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1912, in Baliuag, Bulacan Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrowing up in Barrio Pulong Gabat by the Candaba Swamps but never forgetting his hometown of Baliuag, Pelagio Cruz graduated at the top of his class from the Philippine Constabulary Academy and was commissioned as a 3rd Lieutenant to the Infantry Howitzer Company at the Gigalangin Garrison by Manilla. With an interest in military aviation, Pelagio undertook military pilot training at the Army Air Force's Flying School at Zablan Field, and would eventually become a flight instructor.§!
José Andrada
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1906, in Capiz Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Andrada began his career by taking a course in the University of the Philippines College of Engineering prior to studying in the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. After graduating in 1930 as only the fourth Filipino to do so at the time, Andrada (now promoted as Lieutenant) would be appointed as head of the Offshore Patrol by President Manuel Quezon. In his tenure thus far, Andrada has initiated a volunteer service programme attracting fellow Annapolis graduates to the new naval institution.§!
José Francisco
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, José Francisco returned to the Philippines as an up-and-coming naval officer, accepting a commision within the fledgling Offshore Patrol.§!
Ramón Alcaraz
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1915, in Quingua, Bulacan Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe oldest of two sons in a large family, Ramón Alcaraz entered the Philippine Constabulary Academy at the Teachers Camp in Baguio where he graduated with a Bachelor of Science Degree. He then joined the newly formed Offshore Patrol Training School to begin a career as a naval officer.§!
Benigno Aquino
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1894, in Tarlac, Tarlac Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to Servillano Aquino, a Philippine revolutionary general, Benigno Aquino studied at the University of Santo Tomas, passing the bar in 1914. He was first elected to the Philippine House of Representatives in 1919 where he served until his election to the Senate in 1928. He participated in the Philippine Independence Mission and has been under consideration for Secretary of Agriculture and Commerce.§!
José Abad Santos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1886, in San Fernando, Pampanga Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy family, José Abad Santos received his education in the United States, passing the bar in 1911. Unlike his older brother Pedro, who became a well known socialist, he served as an assistant attorney at the Bureau of Justice, also contributing to the Philippine's nascent legal system. After a stint as a corporate lawyer for the government owned Philippine National Bank and Manila Railroad Company, he rose through the ranks of the Department of Justice. Further roles as chief counsel to Congressional leaders, a leadership role in an educational mission to the United States, and another four years as Secretary of Justice helped bolster his credentials before he was appointed to the Supreme Court.§!
Antonio de las Alas
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1898, in Taal, Batangas Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter receiving his legal education at Yale, Antonio de las Alas briefly served as acting Secretary of Interior in 1922 before entering politics as a representative of Batangas' 1st district. In 1933 he was appointed by President Quezon as Secretary of Public Works and Communications, and has come under consideration for Secretary of Finance. Well connected to the Philippine business and commercial community, he is a prominent figure in economic circles.§!
Vincente Madrigal
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5, 1880, in Ligao, Albay Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVincente Madrigal was born to a poor Spanish family who had immigrated to the Philippines. He dreamed of owning his own shipping fleet, making paper boats during monsoon seasons. His favourite story was that his mother used to joke that those boats would not take him too far, to which he would say that one day he would like to take his parents on a real ship to visit Spain: fulfilling his father's (a former soldier) final wish.\n\nCollege classmates with Manuel Quezon and Sergio Osmeña, also distant (and poor) relatives of wealthy families, in Manila he saw how much wealth his maternal grandfather (who ignored his family) had and vowed to one day surpass that fortune. Unfortunately for him, his Madrigal Steamship Company failed to achieve significant profits until after his mother died though he was able to treat his sister to a cruise to Barcelona. Madrigal leveraged his close connection to President Quezon to become President of the Chamber of Commerce twice and also acquire refineries from bankrupt Spanish-Filipino families (who were often insolvent after the Spanish-American War) - including the Rizal Cement Corporation from the Ynchausti family. His business empire also includes sugar, palm oil, and coal.§!
Camilo Osías
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1889, in Balaoan, La Union Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSelected as a government scholar in the United States, Osias studied at the University of Chicago before pursuing further education as a teacher. In 1915 he became the first Philippine Superintendent of Schools, and took on successive positions in both government and private education. He entered politics as a senator in 1925, participating in the 1934 Constitutional Convention. He remains prominent in educational circles even as he continues to rise in influence.§!
José Laurel
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1891, in Tanauan, Batangas Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a revolutionary official and of Chinese Mestizo descent, José P. Laurel attended the Colegio de San Juan de Letran in 1903. Indicted for attempted murder after a dispute over a woman, he managed to secure an acquittal for himself while studying law at the University of the Philippines. A student of future Justice George A. Malcolm, Laurel went on to attend multiple prestigious institutions in the United States and the United Kingdom including a doctorate.\n\nHis career in politics began while he was a student, serving in the Bureau of Forestry and various legal committees. His career in the Interior Department included several stints as acting Secretary, and he was elected in 1925 to the Philippine Senate. After losing his re-election bid to Claro Recto in 1931, he briefly returned to private practice before becoming a delegate to the 1934 Constitutional Convention as one of the \
Miguel Cuaderno
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1890, in Manila, Manila Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated as a lawyer at the Philippine Law School, he passed the bar in 1919. He also studied central banking and monetary theory in the United States and United Kingdom. During the 1934 Constitutional Convention he was one of the \
José Yulo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1894, in Bago, Negros Occidental Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA lawyer educated in the University of the Philippines, he passed the bar in 1913 at a young age, placing third. Despite initial reservations against practicing due to his age, he would eventually become a well-respected corporate lawyer. He was consequently appointed Secretary of Justice in 1935 by President Quezon.§!
Pedro Abad Santos
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1876, in San Fernando, Pampanga Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a large and wealthy family, Pedro Abad Santos y Basco studied medicine at the University of Santo Tomas. In addition to passing medical examinations, he also self-taught law and passed the bar. Fighting in both the Philippine Revolution and the Philippine-American war, he escaped a 25 year sentence by the Americans through the successful lobbying of his family. After a short legal career he entered the House of Representatives in 1916, and in 1922 served as a member of Sergio Osmeña's Philippine Independence Mission to the United States. He lost an election to Governor of Pampanga in 1926.\n\nA friend of Crisanto Evangelista, he studied Marxism abroad in Paris. He participated in the formation of the Partido Obrero, mentoring Luis Taruc and other Philippine socialists.§!
Vicente Lava
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1894, in Bulakan, Bulakan Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn shortly after the end of the Spanish-American war, Vincente Lava grew up in a quickly changing Philippines. Studying chemistry at the University of the Philippines, he later enrolled in the University of California, Berkeley. He earned his masters and a doctorate at Columbia University, returning to the Philippines in 1923 where he worked as a chemist hoping to promote local Philippine industries by developing fuel extraction methods from coconuts. In 1929 he went back to the United States on a Grasselli research fellowship studying Vitamin B at Oberlin college. He continued his work on coconuts at New York University, where he was exposed to socialist ideas before returning to the Philippines in 1934. A prominent member of multiple academic societies and having been inducted into the Partido Obrero, he also has plans to secure a patent for his coconut processes and develop pilot plants for other extractions from native Philippine plants. His younger brother José is also a prominent member of the Partido Obrero.§!
José Lava
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Bulakan, Bulakan Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of affluent landowners, José Lava studied accounting at the University of the Philippines School of Business before becoming a lawyer at the University of the Philippines College of Law. He joined his older brother Vincente Lava as a member of the Partido Obrero shortly after graduation, quickly rising through the ranks of the party secretariat along with his younger brother Jesús Lava.§!
Primitivo Arrogante
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrimitivo Arrogante was selected as a pensionado (a student with expenses paid by the government) to go study in socialist Europe in 1935. He was one of several well-known socialist trade unionists quickly chosen by Crisanto Evangelista for this project, funded by the French government with American socialists as intermediaries. During the insurgency, he was appointed by the party as the head of Education and Intelligence, spreading propaganda and coordinating covert operations for the guerrillas.§!
Jesús Villamor
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1914, in Bangued, Abra, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of the famous Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, Ignacio Villamor, Jesús Villamor received a privileged education at De La Salle College in Manila where he studied commerce hoping to pursue a business degree. One of his childhood playmates was Roberto Lim, son of Brigadier General Vicente Lim. Also known as \
Basilio Fernando
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1895, in San Mateo, Rizal Province, Captaincy General of the Philippines§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFernando began his career in civil law enforcement with the Philippine Constabulary. He then became one of just 33 young officers selected to train to become Filipino aviators at Curtiss Aviation School in Paranaque. He then achieved a post with the Philippine Air Service carrying passengers and air mail between Manila, Ilolio, Cebu, and Zambonaga. In 1935, he became the first commander of the Air Corps.§!
Felix Pestana
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA law student at the university of the Philippines, Felix Pestana took a gamble by joining the Flying School with the threat of tensions emerging in the Pacific. In a few months, his success in training saw him appointed as an instructor at Maniquis Field in Camp Tinio.§!
PMA
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 25th, 1898, in Malolos, Bulakan Province, Territory of the Philippines, United States of America§!\n§LCourage, Integrity, and Loyalty. The successor to the Philippine Constabulary Academy, the Academy traces its tradition to the Constabulary in 1905. There, an academy was created for cadets to prepare them to serve as commissioned officers of the Philippine Constabulary in order to safeguard the territory of the Philippines in the absence of American forces in the States. With the American Civil War causing vibrations throughout American affairs both domestic and abroad, the Philippine Government has officially approved the creation of an Army of the Philippines, and thus the academy now serves to train the next generation of Filipino officers. Modelled on the United States Military Academy, the academy's alma mater song \
Josefina Guerrero
Entrenched Caciques
While the Commonwealth of the Philippines is a transitional liberal democracy on paper, in practice its political culture is dominated by local notables known as \
Entrenched Caciques
$PHI_political_spirit_1_idea_desc$\n\nManuel Quezon was elected as the first President of the Commonwealth of the Philippines in 1935, taking advantage of both his powerful ties with the elites while also crafting an image as the champion of the common folk. He has proven quite successful in asserting his will as leader, something his successors are likely to imitate.
Entrenched Caciques
$PHI_political_spirit_2_idea_desc$\n\nAs the years go on and Philippine Independence becomes more and more a reality, the Philippines seems ready to chart a path of its own.
Quezon's Presidency
Manuel Quezon's successful re-election campaign in 1939 has validated his image as a reformer. As he consolidates his hold on the Philippines, he continues to press on with his agenda to both modernise the Philippines and prepare it for the coming conflict in Asia.
Quezon's Triumph
$PHI_political_spirit_quezon_1_idea_desc$\n\nAs the victor of the power struggle in the Philippines and having guided the nation through a time of war in the Pacific, Manuel Quezon has cemented his legacy on the fledgling republic, shaping it in his image.
Roxas' Presidency
Manuel Roxas' election to the Presidency in 1939 has confirmed the power of the Nacionalista party as the protectors of Philippine independence, and demonstrated that the party (and its elites) are more than just the then President Quezon. The Nacionalista establishment will continue to guide and defend the Philippines, keeping order and peace in the nation.
Roxas' Triumph
$PHI_political_spirit_roxas_1_idea_desc$\n\nAs the victor of the power struggle in the Philippines and having guided the nation through a time of war in the Pacific, Manuel Roxas has cemented his legacy on the fledgling republic, shaping it in his image.
Aguinaldo's Presidency
At long last, Emilio Aguinaldo has returned to power. The first and only President of the First Republic, it appears that he has become the second president of the Second Republic of the Philippines. With the power of the masses at hand, he now guides the nation to a new future, unleashing the might of the people to build the Philippines that should have been in 1899.
Aguinaldo's Triumph
$PHI_political_spirit_aguinaldo_1_idea_desc$\n\nAs the victor of the power struggle in the Philippines and having guided the nation through a time of war in the Pacific, Emilio Aguinaldo has cemented his legacy on the fledgling republic, shaping it in his image.
Evangelista's Presidency
Despite all odds, Crisanto Evangelista has led a broad coalition of socialists, proletarians, agrarians, guerrillas, and other popular forces to topple the old elites, sweeping away the old order. This alliance of the formerly oppressed seeks to build a new Philippines for all people, and achieve independence from imperialism and capitalism.
Evangelista's Triumph
$PHI_political_spirit_evangelista_1_idea_desc$\n\nAs the victor of the power struggle in the Philippines and having guided the nation through a time of war in the Pacific, Crisanto Evangelista has cemented his legacy on the fledgling republic, shaping it in his image.
Recto's Presidency
Few thought it was possible, and fewer believed it could be done so soon, but the Claro Recto has led the political opposition to victory in elections, pushing out the Nacionalistas for the first time in Philippine history. He now claims a broad mandate to reform the Philippines and end corruption, and even if he fails in his more sweeping agenda, it is clear that his victory has shaken the ossified foundations of the old order.
Recto's Triumph
$PHI_political_spirit_recto_1_idea_desc$\n\nAs the victor of the power struggle in the Philippines and having guided the nation through a time of war in the Pacific, Claro Recto has cemented his legacy on the fledgling republic, shaping it in his image.
Worker's Rights
President Quezon has promised to keep the peace in the fledgling Philippine industrial sector, promoting growth and limiting labour radicalism while defending the rights of the developing working class.
Worker's Revolution
The workers have long been oppressed in the Philippines, both by foreign imperialists and domestic reactionaries. The new government has brought real democracy to the Philippines, one led by the proletariat.
Promote Welfare
The primary duty of the state is to care for the people, and in the modern day this entails government programs to support vulnerable populations and promote a higher standard of living for the people.
Security Through Patronage
Philippine society is held together by an unwritten but universally understood social code that binds the elite and the masses alike. The two groups must exist in harmony and in service to one another, lest we tear ourselves apart from within and are torn apart by forces from the outside.
Cooperation of Labour and Capital
The working class and the capitalist elite have always been at odds, worsened by capitalist exploitation and socialist calls for class warfare. But the nation cannot live without both, and for them to be at one with one another would be fatal to our young Republic. Instead, the government must teach these two forces to live in harmony and work together for the betterment of all.
Working Class Housing
It is disgraceful that the poor of the nation must suffer the indignity of living in cramped, overcrowded and unhygienic slums and hovels, whether it be in the cities or countryside. The most visible and perhaps most impactful way our government can demonstrate its care for the people is to commit to building new housing for its people.
Expel Subversives
Foreign backed subversive elements have sought to infiltrate our nation, exploiting our free society to cause chaos and sow discord. Whether it be misleading the masses through radical agitation or false religions, these agents of unrest do the country no good. They must be crushed for the betterment and order of our country.
Women's Suffrage
Women were not given the right to vote in the Philippine Constitution drafted in 1935, but it did include a provision for a binding plebiscite on the issue (to be only voted on by women) down the line. With the plebiscite being held and passed overwhelmingly, it seems a new day is dawning on the Philippine political scene.
Women's Revolution
The liberation of women extends beyond the simple right to vote, but must also include their freedom from oppressive family structures and the capitalist economic system. This vision will take many years to be realised, but it may as well have a strong start.
Mothers of the Nation
The Philippine woman has always had a proud place in Philippine history. She has pressed her husbands, brothers and sons to serve their patriotic duty, and has even picked up the rifle herself when they failed or fell in the fight against the invaders. We will never forget their contribution to our statehood!
Civil Rights for Women
The passage of a plebiscite giving women the right to vote was a start, but real change for the average Philippine woman must also include civil protections against domestic abuse and balanced scales in probate courts.
Philippine Womanhood
The proper Philippine Woman is the guardian of the domestic sphere, and by extension the future of the Philippine nation. Through their education, virtues, and graces, they exert a positive influence on their husbands, brothers, and sons.
Break up the Haciendas
While the proletariat in Europe suffer under their bourgeoisie overlords, in the Philippines the predominantly rural common folk suffer under the yoke of the landowning gentry. The victory of peasant rebels has seen the expropriation of the haciendas (the great estates) of the landlords, unleashing a powerful wave of change in the countryside.
Treaty of Japanese-Philippine Friendship
In search of Pan-Asian liberation from Western powers, the Philippines threw its lot with the Co-Prosperity Sphere. With the alliance's victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Treaty of German-Philippine Friendship
In search of stability and protection from Japanese imperialism, the Philippines threw its lot with the Reichspakt. With the alliance's victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Treaty of American-Philippine Friendship
Hoping to ward off foreign influence and protect the balance, the Philippines returned to the American fold. With their victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Treaty of Sino-Philippine Friendship
In search of an Asian way to socialism, the Philippines threw its lot with the Chinese. With their victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Treaty of Philippine Cooperation with the Internationale
In search of global allies in the world revolution, the Philippines threw its lot with the Third Internationale. With their victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Treaty of Indian-Philippine Friendship
In search of partners in their quest for South Asian national liberation, the Philippines threw its lot with the Indians. With their victory in the Asia-Pacific theatre, the young republic reaps the benefits.
Standing Our Ground
Despite pressure from all sides, the Philippines ultimately did not fall into the German, Japanese, or American sphere as expected. Instead, the current Philippine government has adopted a mindset of its own (perhaps with the help of other unaligned powers), trying to hold out against the world. How independent they are in reality is debatable, but their spirit is undeniable.
Expanded Philippine Diplomacy
Though the worst of the conflict in the Asia-Pacific is over, Philippine national security at home can not be guaranteed without a willingness to engage abroad. Whether through diplomacy or through assisting allies overseas, we will keep foreign threats at bay.
Pacific Socialist Vanguard
Though we have achieved peace and freedom for the Philippines, the world revolution continues abroad. If oppressed people around the globe are to avoid being crushed one by one, we must all be willing to cooperate in the fight against reactionary systems. Our revolutionary armies must be willing to fight for the liberation of all peoples in the Pacific.
An Unconquerable Spirit
The Philippine Revolution began as a small but mighty dream of freedom, justice, and independence for a colonised people. Despite years of oppressors that came and went, those ideals prevailed. Now that we have survived yet another generation of turmoil, the only way we can protect the next generation is to take an active role abroad.
Our National Glory
In a brutal world where the strong consume the weak, it is essential to demonstrate not only strength but glory too. The Philippine's survival in this brutal war for the Pacific has shown the world that the Philippines is more than just an American colony, but a pearl of its own right. And the brave people of the Philippines will continue to fight to protect its glory.
Earning Our Place
As a newly independent Republic, thrust into an unstable and violent world without a protector, the Philippines struggled to be taken seriously. But through our valor and our wiles, we have fought to stand as equals among the nations of the world as turmoil embroiled the Pacific. And we will continue to demonstrate our commitment to defending our home, whether here or abroad.
Impact of Black Monday
Black Monday has thrown our already weakened economy into a devastating tailspin, destabilising our nation and bringing our limping economy to a standstill. Unpleasant decisions will have to be made in order to revive it, with potentially dire ramifications for the future.
Aftershocks of Black Monday
The first round of Black Monday emergency responses has been implemented, bringing some relief to the situation. A weak pulse has been restored to the national economy, even if much of the nation is still reeling from the economic devastation.
Stabilisation of Black Monday
After another series of relief measures, Black Monday has been mostly stabilised. The economic downturn continues to harm the most vulnerable, however, even if the immediate recovery has proven swifter than previously feared thanks to the Philippines relative isolation from the German economic sphere and existing trauma from the Great Depression.
Rural Inequality
The legacy of Spanish and American colonialism has left the Philippines with a highly unequal agricultural sector. Cash crops are a vital part of the Philippine economy, but American economic policies have heavily tied the Philippines to the US. A brief spurt of agricultural modernisation and growth in the 1920s came to a crashing halt with the Great Depression.\n\nTensions between the landowners and their tenants have flared into violence repeatedly over the last few years, causing the rise of various radical groups on the left and right. American and Commonwealth authorities have attempted various reforms to resolve these issues, most recently Quezon's Rice Share Tenancy Act of 1933, however these efforts have been stymied by easily exploitable loopholes, gentry resistance, peasant anger, and the government's inability to please either.
Stalled Industrialisation
The Philippines' limited industrial growth has suffered a major setback with the Great Depression, which has stunted its urban development. Foreign investment has dried up, many continue to be out of work, and Philippine financial institutions continue to struggle to find their footing. With most of the economy centred around rural sectors, it has been difficult to muster sufficient political will to push Philippine industry out of the rut.
Depressed Resource Extraction
While the bulk of Philippine exports is centred around rice and other crops, the Philippines is also home to major mineral deposits and other natural resources. However, with the Great Depression reducing demand in the United States for raw materials, the mining and logging industries have declined in productivity. Compounded with few resources allocated for infrastructure development, the Philippine economy struggles to keep up with its competitors.
The National Economic Protection Association
The National Economic Protection Association is an alliance of patriotic businessmen and civic leaders dedicated to encouraging Filipinos to purchase domestically made products in hopes of reversing the trade deficit.
Land Redistribution
$PHI_agriculture_1_idea_desc$\n\nIn a renewed effort to combat social inequality, the Philippine government has pushed for aggressive regulation of tenant-landlord agreements and in some cases even expropriation. It has also encouraged the settlement of publicly owned lands in hopes of creating a new class of small yeomen farmers. Protectionist tariffs have been put into place to help safeguard Philippine farmers from unfriendly foreign competition as the Philippines seeks self sufficiency.
Agricultural Modernisation
$PHI_agriculture_1_idea_desc$\n\nIn a renewed effort to create prosperity, the Philippine government has focused on subsidising improvements to farming techniques and technologies - thus increasing efficiency and productivity to create for a competitive export economy. In the long term, this will generate the much needed wealth that will allow the Philippines to develop in a positive direction.
Protecting Local Industry
$PHI_industry_1_idea_desc$\n\nIn an effort to fan the sparks of domestic industry, the Philippine government has implemented a series of protectionist and sometimes autarkic policies to begin substituting imports with domestic made industrial products. With higher tariffs, increased subsidies, and calls for patriotic purchasing, the Philippines hopes to create a manufacturing base of its own.
International Industrial Investment
$PHI_industry_1_idea_desc$\n\nIn an effort to jump-start Philippine industrialisation, the Philippine government has begun aggressively courting foreign investment, reducing trade barriers and regulations - including creating special zones dedicated to encouraging economic growth. They seek to further connect the Philippine economy to the outside world, bringing modernity and prosperity.
Prioritising Resource Extraction
$PHI_mining_1_idea_desc$\n\nThe Philippine government has doubled down on resource extraction, opening up new mines and new forests deep in the countryside to exploitation. This has allowed for an increase in employment and has helped to reverse the trade deficit, though the glut of products entering the market has damaged company profits.
Developing National Infrastructure
$PHI_mining_1_idea_desc$\n\nThe Philippine government has sought to put unemployed labourers to work repairing and expanding domestic infrastructure, a costly and sometimes exploitative endeavour. Improvements to the transportation networks has made moving Philippine products to port for exports more efficient, to the benefit of existing owners and facilities.
Foreign Industrial Support
In its quest to rebuild its economy, the Philippines has elected to enlist the support of foreign business interests - in many cases with the explicit backing of foreign powers. While this has proven beneficial for economic growth, many wonder if the loss of sovereignty will be worth it in the long run.
A Newborn Army
After the destruction of the Philippine Revolutionary Army during the Philippine-American War, American authorities avoided allowing a standing Philippine army. The closest equivalent was the Philippine Constabulary, a gendarmerie assigned to putting down local rebellions, and the Philippine Scouts which included Filipinos working for the US Army. It was not until the National Defence Act of 1935 that the Armed Forces of the Philippines was formally established, and the Army of the Philippines along with the Council of National Defence was thus born on December 21st, just a month after the establishment of the Commonwealth.
$PHI_army_intro$\n\nAs long as the United States maintains its hold on the Philippines, the islands are safe from foreign threats, but what would happen if they were to become distracted?
Army Growing Pains
$PHI_army_intro$\n\nThe expansion of this new Philippine Army has proven quite difficult, despite the ambitious agenda of Philippine and American planners. The Army and its reserves have swelled in size, rapidly outpacing the infrastructure available to train them. New training camps had to be erected, and instructors drawn from the Constabulary and the Scouts.
An Army Along American Lines
$PHI_army_intro$\n\nThe Philippine Army continues to develop along the same lines drawn by American military planners in 1935. Led by many West Point trained military officers, the emphasis has been on military professionalism. This program has begun by reorganising the Philippine Constabulary into the Constabulary Division, establishing a core for the new army to work out of.
An Army Along American Lines
$PHI_army_3a_desc$\n\nWith the core of the Philippine Army prepared, expanded infantry training programs and the creation of reserves has been the priority in order to get the Philippine Army to full strength. In addition, artillery and specialised training have begun being offered at forts near Manila.
The Philippine Army
$PHI_army_4a_desc$\n\nThe Philippine Army has finally reached maturity. Though planned along American lines, it was the heroic effort of Filipinos that built it. With modern, well trained and well equipped divisions surrounding an elite core, the Philippines is capable of fighting any conflict both near and afar. This army is now capable of addressing challenges the nation faces, and taking initiative against any enemy!
Legacy of the Revolutionary Army
$PHI_army_intro$\n\nDeviating somewhat from the plans drawn by the Americans in 1935, which in the government's eyes continued to treat the Philippine Army as auxiliaries, the Philippine General Staff have ordered their army to take lessons from the old Philippine Revolutionary Army and its prolonged resistance in the Philippine-American War. Rather than a style of war inappropriate for our conditions and reliant on the ultimate arrival of American reinforcements, the Philippine Army is to be built to hold out on its own accord. No matter the cost.
Legacy of the Revolutionary Army
$PHI_army_3b_desc$\n\nTo facilitate this process, a large number of reserves have been rapidly trained and local stay-behind cells planted around the country. New orders for weaponry and grants for military production plans have been distributed. Above all, the people must be prepared to help shoulder the burden of defending the nation.
The Philippine Army
$PHI_army_4b_desc$\n\nThe Philippines may be vulnerable to invasion from all sides by sea, but the Philippine Army is ready for the task. With a dispersed and semi-autonomous array of units capable of taking advantage of local terrain, they can pin down and swarm invaders before a beachhead can be established. And should the unthinkable happen, contingencies are in place to ensure individual units can keep fighting. Lifted by the Spirit of 1899, the Philippine Army will keep the Philippines free!
From Hooves to Tires
Mobility has always been vital in warfare, and the mass production of cars and trucks has offered new possibilities both in supplying our troops and ferrying them into key points in battle.
Domestic Rifle Production
The Philippines has traditionally purchased its arms from abroad, however with the world becoming divided and hostile, relying solely on foreign imports is no longer an option. At the very least we must work to expand our rifle and ammunition production capabilities at home.
Preparing for the Storm
With war seemingly imminent in the Pacific and the Philippine military woefully underprepared, the Philippine government has offered a carte blanche to the Council of National Defence to bring the army up to speed. Some say this crash militarisation program is too little, too late but surely something is better than nothing.
Lessons from the Revolution
The Philippine Revolution and the Philippine-American war both demonstrated that though always outgunned by our opponents, the tenacity and courage of our fighters can force our foes to the negotiating table and sometimes even topple empires.
Growing Air Industry
The Philippine Air industry is a small one, but between the determination of our people and extensive government funding we have managed to acquire a steady stream of planes to defend our skies.
The Philippine Air Force
By executive order of the President, the Philippine Army Air Corps has been raised into the Philippine Air Force. The brave pilots and tireless ground staff of this new and equal branch of the Philippine Armed forces have been tasked with guarding the skies over the Philippines. Long may they soar!
Expanding Naval Production
The Philippines has long lacked a naval force of its own, the closest being the Filipino manned Offshore Patrol, a branch of the United States Navy. With our independence, we can no longer rely on others to defend our shores, especially as an island archipelago. It will be costly, but a fleet must be quickly created from scratch if we are to protect our homes from invasion.
The Philippine Navy
In recognition of how far we have come, the President has formally announced the renaming of the Philippine Naval Patrol to the Philippine Navy. Our brave sailors stand ready to defend the shores and patrol the waves against all that threaten our people.
Foreign Military Mission
The Philippine Army is a brand new institution, first authorised in December 1935 and building off a small core of Philippine Constabulary and Philippine Scouts Veterans. In order to facilitate the rapid expansion needed to defend the new Republic, the Philippines has accepted foreign advisors from more mature armies to help with the transition
NDC
The National Development Company was founded in 1919 as the \
PNB
The Philippine National Bank was established in 1916 as a government-owned bank dedicated to providing financial loans in support of economic development. Serving both the industrial and agricultural sector, it nearly faced bankruptcy in the 1920s due to chronic mismanagement, causing the 1921 financial crisis. Possessing the special power to issue circulating notes, the PNB was the de facto central bank and treasury of the Philippines. Though a true central bank has now been established as the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, the PNB's influence endures.
MRC
Founded in 1887 and incorporated in 1892, the Manila Railroad Company has a long and storied history that predates the Philippine Revolution. Amid the Great War, the insular government acquired the British run Manila Railway Company (1906) Limited and the Manila Railroad Company of New Jersey, reorganising them into one government owned Manila Railway Company. Modernisation efforts have included upgrading railcars, electrifying the railroads, designing new stations and even producing locomotives of their own.
NPC
The National Power Corporation was recently established when the government nationalised the hydroelectric industry, including all power generated from lakes, streams, and springs. It has been tasked with electrifying the Philippines, especially in rural areas.
BCMC
The Benguet Consolidated Mining Company was founded by three American soldiers in 1903, making it the oldest mining company in the country. Operating gold mines in the namesake Benguet province as well as Camarines Norte province, it also controls chromite and copper mines in other parts of the country. There is also talk of expansion of the company expanding into forestry and trucking with government help.
Stanvac
In 1933, the Socony-Vacuum Oil Company (Standard Oil of New York) and Standard Oil of New Jersey (Jersey Standard) merged their Far Eastern interests into one joint venture known as the Standard Vacuum Oil Company. Operating in dozens of countries, the Philippines branch has sought to win lucrative government bids to establish new oil refineries in the Philippines.
Mitsui
One of the first and largest Zaibatsu in Japan, Mitsui began as a trading company and a bank before becoming a mega-conglomerate that has interests in industry, heavy chemicals, shipbuilding, steel and coal production, and insurance. It is also known to be a ready partner with Japanese imperial interests, particularly interested in developing mining and smelting facilities in Southeast Asia.
Squires Bingham
Squires Bingham & Co began as a print shop in Manila, which then expanded to selling foreign motorcycles and sporting goods. This included selling hunting files and ammunition, and it was in prime position (with the help of some enterprising investors) to begin making rifles to meet the sudden government demand for domestically produced firearms.
Yutivo
The Yutivo Corporation was founded in 1887, and assembled imported cars from a variety of international manufacturers including Chevrolet, Opel, Holden, Vauxhall, Buick, and Isuzu. A government push for local automobile manufacturing has allowed Yutivo to expand into a defence contracting firm thanks to generous subsidies.
Krupp
Krupp is a German company founded as a steel foundry in 1811. Its entry into the world of military manufacturing began with its first production of steel canons for the Russian, Turkish, and Prussian armies, and it ballooned in size after German reunification. In the present day it is known for producing ships, submarines, tanks, and artillery. With the rise in German influence in East Asia following the Great War, Krupp has followed the empire into the Pacific.
Ford
Ford Motor Company was founded in 1903 by their namesake Henry Ford. The Model T was first assembled locally in the Philippines in 1913 and in 1929 the Pilipinas Ford Car Works, Inc was established as a local subsidiary. One of the most dominant American automobile manufacturers, its reach extends all the way to Manila.
Government Arsenal
The Government Arsenal is a government defence agency tasked with producing and acquiring weapons for the Philippine military and police. With few other options, the Philippine government is forced to rely on the arsenal to somehow procure more advanced equipment such as armoured vehicles and tanks.
Krupp
$PHI_krupp_ost_asien_artillery_desc$
NIST
The Philippine Institute of Science and Technology is a small air plane designer located in Manila seeking to pioneer Philippine air plane production using locally available materials such as wood. While not exceptionally successful, lucrative government subsidies have allowed it to remain a contender for military contracts.
Nakajima
Nakajima Aircraft Company was founded in 1918 by Nakajima Chikuhei, a naval engineer, who bought out his co-founded a year later. Close and early cooperation with the Imperial Japanese Army has allowed it to expand to multiple plants across Japan, and made it a leading military aircraft designer and producer.
Focke Wulf
Focke Wulf was created in 1923 as Bremer Flugzeugbau AG, before quickly renaming themselves to their present name. Manufacturing both civilian and military aircraft, they are a major German aerospace designer.
NSSC
National Shipyards and Steel Corporation was established by Presidential decree as a state owned project. One of the largest steel mills in the Philippines and with government backing, nevertheless some question if it truly is up to the task of producing ships for the fleet.
Electric Boat
Isaac Rice founded the Electric Boat Company in 1899, specialising in building submarines. A year later, the USS Holland became the first submarine they built for the United States Navy. Several follow up models were designed and produced, and the Electric Boat Company remains one of two major US submarine manufacturers.
Sasebo
Sasebo Naval Arsenal is one of four principal naval shipyards owned by the Imperial Japanese Navy. Established in 1886 as a naval base, it soon was expanded to include a repair facility, a dry-dock, and then a shipyard. The Great War saw its facilities modernised and expanded, and it is now a leading shipbuilder for the IJN.
Continue Philippinisation
Besides independence, the Nacionalistas' chief goal from the very beginning has been the replacement of Americans in government positions with Filipinos. The Jones Act of 1916 gave the native legislature power to put most of the civil service in Philippine hands, but since then, an American contingent has lingered. With mounting troubles in the United States, now is a good time to complete Philippinisation once and for all.
National Council For Education
Though not without its many faults, the system of education instituted by the Americans was, arguably, one of the more positive results of their administration. But time has changed since 1902, and so have the educational needs of our people. It is time to convene a National Council of Education, staffed by an appointed expert, to advise the President and the Department of Public Instruction on the necessary educational reforms.
Pass the Eight-Hour Labour Law
For decades, the campaign for an eight hour workday has been pursued by labour movements the world over. This is not some crypto-syndicalist movement either; most advanced countries have adopted an eight hour day. It is high time that the Philippines joins the ranks of these civilised nations, and proves to the Philippine workers that the Nacionalista Party is their friend and protector.
Social Justice Campaign
What is \
Government Survey Board
A government run like hell by Filipinos may be preferable to one run like heaven by Americans, but, admittedly, it would be nice if a Filipino government could be run like heaven too. Our institutions probably have some inefficiencies and redundancies, and in order to address these we will need to have a better picture of the government as a whole.
Optional Religious Instruction
The Philippines is an overwhelmingly Catholic country. At the same time, the Philippine Revolution was in large part a revolt against the Spanish friars, and the Philippine Constitution established the separation of church and state. Some of our more pious citizens have been demanding religious (that is, Catholic) instruction in schools. We can find a middle ground here: religious classes will be optional and will not interfere with the rest of the school day.
Patronise the Deutscher Klub
The German community in Manila is long-established. Though formerly small, it has swelled in size along with the German presence in the Far East. Though official business with the Kaiserreich is conducted through the Imperial German Consulate, the centre of the German community lies in the swanky Deutscher Klub, where the businessmen with connections to Singapore and Hanoi can be found. It's time that we paid the club a visit.
Friends Not Forgotten
One might think that we Filipinos bear a grudge against the United States for its occupation. Though we guard our independence fiercely, we are also magnanimous. Despite our differences, we have made many American friends, and our hearts go out to them as their homeland is wracked with turmoil and destruction. When the day comes that their national nightmare is over, we will be waiting with an extended hand.
Visit from the IJN
The Philippines has no navy of its own as of yet, and in the event that the United States Navy can no longer protect us, our archipelagic country is extremely vulnerable. That is one reason we value our friendship with the Empire of Japan, for its mighty fleet keeps the peace and order in the Western Pacific. Let us dispatch a cable to Tokyo inviting a Japanese squadron to stop by in Manila Bay; we will give them a state welcome.
\
There is much talk in the opposition about the state of our politics, questioning continued Nacionalista rule. Need we remind them that every achievement of the insular government occurred under our leadership, that the Commonwealth has been consolidated and independence gained under President Quezon? Our administration does not deign to fall into these political squabbles; we are here to deliver good government for Filipinos everywhere.
The 1939 Philippine Elections
For the first time in its history, the Philippines will conduct a presidential election as a free and independent republic. With President Manuel Quezon attempting to continue the Nacionalistas' long-standing hegemony over the government, local Nacionalista bosses will do all that they can to drive up the vote. But the opposition has organised too. The only question is, will it be enough to win?
To the Victors Go the Spoils
Before this election, observers wondered if Manuel Quezon's unbroken string of victories might finally come to an end. It seems that their prognostications were mere wishful thinking. President Quezon has once again proven himself the master of Philippine politics, and his position and legacy is more secure than ever. Not that he intends to rest on his laurels. There is still plenty to do: laws to pass, patronage to dispense, and speeches to make.
Industrial Arbitration
As the Philippine economy develops, industrial disputes between the growing working class and their employers become a growing problem. Strikes are bad for the country, for not only do they disrupt production, but they are also opportunities for syndicalist agitators to further infiltrate the labour movement. The government should instead be the keeper of industrial peace; we will establish an industrial court with jurisdiction over labour disputes.
Open More Public Schools
Our educational system is as modernised as that of any Western country. Its chief flaw is that its reach remains too short. Great numbers of Filipinos remain illiterate, and there are still not enough schools to serve the growing population, especially in rural areas. More primary schools will be constructed until we are certain that every barrio in the country is covered.
Plebiscite on Women's Suffrage
The Constitution of the Philippines did not go so far as to grant women suffrage, but it did include a provision for a binding plebiscite on the issue. Uniquely, the plebiscite will poll Filipino women only on the matter of whether they should get the vote. Suffragists have been lobbying the government to conduct the plebiscite, so it is time to take action; a positive result seems guaranteed.
Expand the Council of State
The Council of State was originally created in the territorial period to advise the American-appointed governor-general. It originally included the Speaker of the House, the Senate President, and the heads of the executive departments. However, the state has grown since then, and more of its arms should be represented on the council. The army chief of staff, presidential secretary, and heads of important public corporations will be added.
Reserve Officers' Training Corps
Following the American model, the University of the Philippines established the country's first official ROTC unit in 1922. With a growing military and defence needs, the demand for officers is higher than ever. Henceforth, all colleges and universities with enrolment greater than one hundred will be required to form their own ROTC.
The National Dream Fulfilled
From the abject defeat in its war against the United States in 1902, the Philippine nation has slowly emerged from the state of servitude. It has been a long struggle, yes, and not without reverses and compromises, but today we see that the course we took was justified, and the fruits of our labour well worth it. The Philippines is a nation once more: free, unshackled, in control of its destiny.
A Modern Philippines
Our former masters called thought us \
Hub of the Pacific
Formerly the axis of world politics revolved around Europe, but that may not stand forever. Japan is a great power, and China is awakening from its slumber. The Pacific region plays an increasingly large role in the world economy, and where wealth flows, power follows. The Philippines may never be one of the great nations of the world, but with its strategic position at the centre of the Western Pacific, it may yet be an indispensable one.
A Proper Diplomatic Service
Of all deprivations of American rule to the development of our government, the greatest was its restriction on our country's ability to conduct its own foreign affairs. With our independence coming quite suddenly, we now face the important task of establishing ourselves on the world stage. Our Department of Foreign Affairs is growing, and many of our best and brightest are lining up to serve it.
Coalition of the Oppressed Masses
The bourgeoisie has been overthrown. It may be said that the masses only have a dim understanding of what they have just accomplished, but that should not detract from their achievement. The act is proof enough that the workers and peasants of the Philippines, dimly groping towards class consciousness, have already advanced far enough to fight and triumph over their oppressors. We shall guide them toward the future.
Create Labour Colleges
Though we are winning the struggle against capitalism, there is another struggle we must take up: the struggle against ignorance. There is much the masses will need to learn, from basic reading and arithmetic, to technical and agricultural knowledge, to a real understanding of what socialism and syndicalism stand for. In the great revolutionary states of Europe, they addressed this by creating labour colleges for adult education; we shall import this model.
Break up the Haciendas
The Philippines, having not yet developed a large capitalist class, has been dominated by the great landowners. They have lorded over the peasantry, keeping them in feudal bondage and debt-slavery. Most peasants did little more than dream of a gentler, more forgiving master, but are here to tell them that they can dream bigger. The haciendas, the great estates, will be immediately expropriated without compensation. The land belongs to the people.
Moulding the Revolutionary Woman
The movement for women's rights in the Philippines has been heretofore led by bourgeois activists focused on bourgeois issues. Some suffrage here or some law reform there will not serve to liberate women. The woman of the Philippines must understand that the revolution will abolish the capitalist family structure and its oppressions. It may take a long time in practice, but it is the goal we are ever striving towards.
Dictatorship of Labour
For years, both our American masters and their Nacionalista lackeys shrugged off the oppression of the workers with claims that the Philippines was a democracy, and that change should come from the ballot box. But there is no value in capitalist democracy, which gives the worker the freedom only to choose which boot shall weigh upon his neck. Democracy's time has passed; only the dictatorship of the working class can dismantle the capitalist system.
Cooperation with the KPMP
The Kalipunang Pambansa ng mga Magsasaka ng Pilipinas, the National Council of Peasants in the Philippines, is the Partido Obrero's agrarian partner. Really, without the KPMP to rally the peasants, there would be no revolution at all in a country as rural as the Philippines. Even if we desire to industrialise the Philippines, it will remain a chiefly agrarian country for a long time, and as such cooperation with the KPMP will serve us well.
Create a Peoples' Army
Professional militaries are the tools of the bourgeois state in oppressing the people; one need only look at the Philippine Constabulary to see such an example. The revolution was carried out by the workers and peasants arming and organising themselves, and it was their élan that won the day. Existing militias will be reorganised into the People's Army, which will be the new means of defence for our nation.
True Independence
Again and again, the Nacionalistas promised independence from American imperialism. But when it finally arrived, what a lie it was. Appeals to sovereignty are meaningless in the face of the capitalist-imperialist system with which the Philippines remained enmeshed. It is only the revolution that has finally brought us true independence: independence from capital, freedom to join hands with all the revolutionary workers of the world.
The Internationalist Outlook
Since the revolution, we have been busy looking inward, attempting to establish the institutions of socialism in the Philippines. We have received much aid from other socialist countries, and now we have reached a stage where we can begin looking outward. For the international revolution demands participation from proletariat all over the world, and it is time we did our part.
The Destruction of Imperialism
Socialism has been secured for us, but the great challenge remains. The rising tide of the colonised peoples of the world is prepared to overthrow capitalist imperialism under the banner of revolutionary socialism. The Philippines may be a small nation, but do not forget: we rose up against imperialism once before and created the first republic in Asia. Our role to play in the coming endeavour will be a glorious one.
Evolution not Revolution
For the first time in the history of Philippine democracy, the Nacionalistas have been voted out of power. President Recto pledges to transform the country, and correct the abuses of the previous government. But this is not a repudiation of the past; far from it. We are building upon the foundations laid by those who came before us, secure in our belief that a better Philippines can be made. In this orderly transfer of power, Philippine democracy has been consecrated.
Promote Public Welfare
In a modern society, the state has an obligation to care for its citizens, promoting the general standard of living and therefore assuring social peace and security. The Bureau of Public Welfare has already been doing good work, but there is much room for expansion. As our tax revenues increase, we can put aside spending for old-age pensions, child care, and support for the jobless.
New Medium of Instruction
The Constitution designated English and Spanish for official usage, but contained a provision to begin the process of designating a national language. Under the last administration, the Institute of National Language resolved that a standardised form of Tagalog would become the language of the Philippines. Now comes the task of turning these words into reality. All public schooling will henceforth be conducted in Filipino, thus educating our youth in the new national language.
Domestic Relations and Probate Courts
The women of the Philippines, having been granted the right to vote, continue to eagerly advocate the expansion of their civil rights. As the place of women continues to be in the home and in the family, the protection of their rights vis-à-vis their husbands and dependents is their chief concern. Special courts dealing with domestic relations will be established to adjudicate this.
Provincial Autonomy
As President, Quezon saw no issue with the gathering of executive power around himself, the better to lord over the system of patronage and hierarchy that rules Philippine politics. However, it is now clear that such a top-heavy administration is inefficient and unresponsive to the needs of ordinary Filipinos. Many of the central government's functions can be removed from Manila to the provincial administrations, spreading the civil service more evenly around the country.
Protect Press Freedoms
An irreplaceable principle of liberal democracy is freedom of speech and of the press. These freedoms have been enshrined in our constitution, but they are not always truly followed. The powerful have used libel laws to silence critics, and the government has suppressed that which it deems subversive in the name of state security. These abuses cannot be allowed to continue if we are to have a truly free society.
Cement Military-Political Divide
The creation of our own armed forces has been indispensable in the development of our national defence capabilities. However, we must not allow an increasingly large and well-funded army to begin thinking that it is an independent actor that may dictate its desires to the elected government. Our army chiefs will answer to civilian officials in their capacity as representatives of the people.
Break the Colonial Pattern
The colonial legacy weighs heavily upon the Philippines. Though we have by measures secured political sovereignty, the imprint of colonialism was still felt upon our economy, our society, our system of government. The colonial mentality lies still upon the minds of the people, but this will not hold forever. Little by little, we are liberating ourselves from the chains of the past, becoming independent in outlook as well as fact.
Assert our Independence
Having finally emerged from American dominion, we pledge to never again let ourselves become bonded to a foreign overlord. We are willing to form friendships with other nations, and to form relationships in the name of cooperation of mutual security. But the Philippines will not be put in the pocket of some greater power; we alone will determine our destiny and place in the world.
The Unconquerable Faith
The Philippine Revolution began with an idea, a dream of freedom, justice, and the creation of an independent Philippine nation. Since those days, the Philippine people have worked and fought tirelessly to make those dreams come true. In those struggles, they faced a growing cynicism borne of the difficulties of forging a fair and democratic government. Let no one doubt the reality of our achievement, so that the Filipinos never lose their idealism and faith in the nation.
A Steady Hand
The Nacionalista Party has been the guardian of Philippine democracy for decades now. It has ensured stability and continuity of government, protecting the country from disorder and chaos. In recent years, populist rabble-rousers have attempted to pull the nation towards anarchy, and the previous government foolishly caved to their demands. There will be no more of that; the Nacionalistas stand once more for sound, sensible government.
Consolidate the National University
Our national university is the pride of the nation, giving our best and brightest a world-class education so that they are prepared to become the future leaders of the Philippines. As the university has expanded, colleges have had to occupy buildings wherever they happened to be available around Manila. With the relocation of all the colleges to a single, expanded campus, the University of the Philippines will be able to grow.
Security Through Patronage
Philippine society is underwritten by the mutual obligations between social groups. If the lower classes serve the elites as tenants or workers, the elites are also expected to have a certain noblesse oblige and dispense favours to those who are under them through things like gifts, loans, and debt forgiveness. Though not codified by law and considered \
Model of Filipino Womanhood
The women of the Philippines are having greater aspirations; this is good. Women have always played a key role in society as guardians of the domestic sphere. They should be encouraged to cultivate their education, their virtues, and their social graces, for in this they will exert a wholesome and stabilising influence upon Philippine men.
Expel Subversives
Though the Philippines is proud to be a democratic and liberal society, we do not allow political freedoms to be abused. Recently, destructive and anti-state activists have become bolder in attempting to grasp political power. Many are reds, some are religious fanatics; it is all the same. We will not allow them to manipulate the ignorant masses. Let them seethe and rage all they want, so long as they do it with the door to Congress slammed shut behind them.
Greasing the Wheels
In politics, it's all about who you know. What the reformers fail to appreciate is that no one gives something up without getting something in return. Instead of battering your head against the status quo, it's better to learn to swim with the current to your advantage. From our spot at the top of the national hierarchy, we can call in favours in every province and barrio in the country.
Expand the Constabulary
The Army may be responsible for national defence, but law enforcement and the maintenance of peace and order is the domain of the Philippine Constabulary. Though local police may have their own place, as a national force, the Constabulary is the prime implement against the threat of disorder from peasant and worker agitators. It should be expanded to deal with this growing threat.
Unification of Politics
Some might say that competitive, multiparty democracy is the precondition of a flourishing liberal society, but is that really true? The simple fact of the matter is that the Nacionalista Party has led Philippine politics from its very inception, and every attempt to cobble together a viable opposition movement has failed. This need not be seen as a bad thing. Under steady Nacionalista rule, all parts of the country work together in harmony.
Agreement of Mutual Benefits
The Americans drove a hard bargain: though they gave us some things, they took plenty in return. We are glad to have gotten out from under their thumb, but this does not mean that we have turned hostile to the US, or any other great power for that matter. There are plenty of players on the world stage today vying for our attention, and we would do well to go into business with them, so long as we can strike a good deal.
Our Seat at the Table
It is a difficult task to earn respect. For a long while, the Philippine Republic was viewed as an upstart nation, a struggling American colony which received its independence almost by a fluke. It has taken a great deal of effort to change this perception, but our diplomacy and national progress have finally borne fruit. The Philippines is now fully accepted and respected, with influence of its own to throw around.
The Humble Sons of the People
What have the politicians done for us? They have robbed and cheated; for years they painted themselves as champions of independence while being the Americans' faithful lackeys. It is time to throw them off. We are not politicians. Our movement is not a political party aiming to perpetuate its own power. Everything we do is in selfless service to the people.
Vocational and Nationalist Education
The schools of the Philippines have been poisoned by Western models of instruction and curriculum, becoming factories where the English language was drilled into our children's heads. What the Filipinos need is practical knowledge, knowledge to succeed in trades and knowledge to build up this country. Above all, they must be taught to love and serve the nation.
Improve Working Class Housing
The average Filipino lives in poor accommodation, whether that be the hovels of the country barrios or the growing slums of Manila. Meanwhile, the politicians have lived in mansions. A strong and healthy people requires good, hygienic housing. Let us begin a campaign to build new, better housing for the lower classes.
Mothers of the Nation
The Filipino woman has a glorious history. She revolted against the Spanish oppressor. She resisted the American invader. She has castigated her man when he has shied away from his national duty. The role of the Filipino woman in national life should be honoured and cultivated. They are our sisters, and the mothers of the future generation.
Cooperation of Labour and Capital
It is true that the economic elites of this country have exploited the working class in many ways. It is also true that syndicalist agitators have used the slogan of \
The Spirit of '96
In 1896, the Philippine Revolution was launched. It gave us a pantheon of national heroes whose legacy inspires us to this very day. But too many of the old have forgotten, and too many of the young are ignorant of this history. We cannot allow the nation to lose its spirit, to become complacent and decadent. We must look back to those great patriots of the past, and emulate their example as we strive boldly towards the future.
System of National Defence
It is not enough to desire independence; it must be backed up by military force. We must do our utmost to prevent a foreign power from ever again threatening our sovereignty. All able-bodied males must be made ready for military service and trained in the art of war. The country must be prepared for mobilisation at a moment's notice, with plans ready on how to marshal our manpower and material to its fullest effect.
Philippines Unbowed
Only yesterday, the Philippines was a servile state: if not to its former American masters, then to a corrupt and selfish political class that betrayed the national interest. Those days are over. We have recovered our dignity, and swept away the corruption of party politics. We have built a government that serves all Filipinos, and that all Filipinos are proud to serve.
Pan Asian Propaganda
Spain and the United States may have tried to force the Philippines into a Western mould, but we have always been an Asian nation at heart. From our brotherhood with the Malay peoples to our south, to our Chinese and Japanese communities, we squarely belong in the Eastern world. The struggle of all the Asian nations against imperialism is our struggle, and we look forward to the day when all will stand together as one.
The Glorious Republic
From subjection, from poverty, from apathy, the Philippines is once again the pearl of the Orient. Our greatness shines across the Pacific, heartening our friends and cowing our enemies. The First Republic born at Malolos has risen from the ashes, grander than we could have ever imagined. The Filipino people may be just proud of their nation, that which they serve selflessly, eagerly, never failing to give their existence to the beloved fatherland.
West Point of the East
The Philippines Military Academy was patterned and styled after its distinguished American counterpart in the United States. While it does not have the storied history of its American counterpart, the PMA will nevertheless embody the West Point spirit that has inspired success and glory on the battlefield. With or without American help, we will build a modern army capable of defending our homeland.
Philippine American Officers
Even before the establishment of the PMA, the defence forces of the Philippine Islands has had Philippine officers who have undertaken formal military education under the United States. With the threat of war looming, we ought to turn to these officers to instruct and prepare the next generation of the Philippine military.
A New Service Rifle
The equipment of the Philippine Army has always been taken from the stocks of the United States. With the exodus of its officers, its men, and some of its materiel, the military finds itself relying on weaponry from an unavailable supplier. We must find a new patron.
The Archipelagic Struggle
Having hundreds of separate islands has been a boon and a curse to the Philippine nation. Many colonial overlords found that pacifying the islands was difficult as a result of our geography, but it has also caused us trouble by making it difficult for our military to be deployed around the country. Provisions will be set aside to modernize the infrastructures of the major islands.
From Hooves to Tires
Warfare in the Weltkrieg saw cavalry charges in Europe scythed down en masse by machine guns in entrenched positions. Taking observations from major conflicts around us, we must begin a mass motorisation of our forces.
Tangke de Guerras
The Weltkrieg revolutionised warfare with its heavy use of tanks and other forms of mobile warfare. While we may not be able to match the armoured forces of the great European powers, the military should endeavour to procure a force worthy of matching the standards of modern western militaries.
King of the Battlefield
Artillery has long been a pivotal part of warfare, but our military has always lacked enough funds to procure it. With our recent focus on military modernisation, the Philippine Army should request Congress for additional funds to be allocated for the purposes of acquiring more modern artillery for the AFP.
Tiradores de La Muerte
\
Modernise the Scout-Rangers
The Philippine Scouts prides itself in its ability to navigate through the jungle and lead regular army units. We should emphasise this training for future scouts that would be attached to the Army.
Modern Vanguard of the Pacific
Finally, after months of arduous effort, the Republic has created a military instructed in the ways to wage a modern war. Never again shall tyrants dim our shining fields!
Finish the 1920 Defence Act
During the 1920's General Lassiter proposed the inclusion of the establishment of a local mobile base of reserves to assist in defending Corregidor. With CoS Summerall at the time giving his blessings, the included legislation allowed the Philippine islands to draw up military districts and the tentative establishment of the first Philippine Army units.
The Akademiyang Militar ng Pilipinas
One of the problems that the first units of the island's defence forces faced was the lack of officers that could lead the native population in large numbers. With the Defence Act authorizing the establishment of reservists and a small core of regular cadres, The Department was tasked with establishing the island's first officer training academy to staff the 150,000 reservist plan set by CoS Summerall.
Militarisation of the Constabulary
The Philippine Constabulary is one of first branches with units lead by native officers, While originally serving as Gendarmeries to suppress banditry and rebellion, The constabulary was recognized by the Department to be a competent force that could serve as the local's military police to keep them in line.
National Defence Act of [GetYear]
The National Defence Act of [GetYear] was one of the first legislations passed by the elected representatives of the all Philippine Congress. It set out provisions for the establishment of a self reliant local industry to manufacture equipment deemed necessary and of vital importance to the defence of the islands.
War Plan Orange
War Plan Orange was a US war plan focused on an event where the US and Japan would be at war. One of the assumptions of WPO was the involvement of the islands; now that the Americans are gone, we have to take up what's left of War Plan Orange and redraw it to fit our new situation.
The Philippine Department
The establishment of our military was not entirely fully independent. The circumstances of our commonwealth status allowed us to take advantage of American officers within the Philippine Department to advise the creation and organisation of the military.
Sandatahang Lakas ng Pilipinas
The Philippine Revolutionary Army was defeated in 1899. Ever since that date, the islands have been under the protection of the Americans. That protection is now lost, and the country needs to defend itself with what it has alone.
Improve Army Logistics
Naturally, transportation for the troops of the fledgeling army was taken into account considering inconsistent quality of transportation between military districts. Act III of the NDA outlines the purchase and maintenance of transportation of troops, animals, supplies, and water.
The Radio Control Division
The Radio Control Division was first established in 1931. To ensure it is well-integrated into our military, we should transfer it directly into the Philippine Armed Forces.
America's Arsenal
While Congress and some in the War Department have historically been hesitant in investing in the island's defence, the passing of the 1920's Defence Act ensured that alongside the American promise to build the nation's institutions, it will also help it arm itself to defend it.
A Fledlging Military Industry
With the assistance of whichever patron we chose, the republic now has access to the necessary technical experience for the establishment of an indigenous military industry.
Modernise our Artillery
While our infantry forces might have had some of their pressing problems remedied, our artillery forces are still reliant on very old and low calibre cannons. If we are to defend the country effectively, we should seek to acquire newer and heavier ordnance.
Increase Military Aid Procurement
With the help of our patrons, we should be able to aggressively expand the construction of military facilities within the archipelago.
Prepare for the Storm
Our strategic position in the Pacific provides easy access to South East Asia, and we were always aware that there would be parties interested in projecting power from our borders. Now that the theoretical is starting to look more and more like reality, Congress has authorised additional funding for further procurement of all kinds of armaments and equipment to prepare for any conflict that might threaten our islands.
Approach the Foreign Arms Market
It is no secret within the Republic that the empires of Germany and Japan have been competing for influence in our nascent independent republic. Noticing our inability to produce our own equipment, we have gotten offers for technical advisors, investments, and acquisition offers from Berlin.
Memories of 1899
With America gone and our army directionless for its formation, some of our more nationalistic officers have advocated for us to turn towards the experiences we gained during the Philippine-American War.
Our Land, Our Ways
As an archipelagic nation blessed with dozens of jungle islands, one of our primary defences against any would-be invader is the prospect of having to fight isolated pockets of guerrilla units in asymmetric warfare. We should direct the PMA's education to focus on that.
Standardise our Rifles
The Army's military equipment is an eclectic mix of British and American rifles of various ages and obsolescence. If we are to field a force capable of waging guerrilla warfare against an occupier, we should ensure a new standard rifle should be adopted for mass production.
Form the Sandatahanes
With our renewed focus on emphasizing guerrilla warfare, we should reorganise the citizens' military districts (sandatahanes) to provide auxiliary units for defending their districts and assisting the regular army in its duties.
Expertise of the Scouts
No other force in the Philippine Military is as capable as the scouts in navigating the thick foliage of our jungle islands. Integrating PS regiments to support our divisions will allow us to manoeuvre faster in the jungles.
Jungle Fighter
Foreign invaders have tried and tested our lands before; first the Spanish, and then the Americans. Now with the threat of war ever so present over our beloved islands, we should expect that we should turn to the jungle to maintain a fierce resistance. For it is in the jungle that we have learned how best to fight and how best to win.
Lessons from the Revolution
A lot of the military history of the islands centers around taking advantage of our geographic position to make an occupier's job a nightmare. They might be able to beat us in conventional battles, but behind every blade of jungle foliage, every isolated island, is a people ready to fight and die for the republic.
Facilitate Domestic Arms Production
If we are to build our military with the expectation that a superior force will inevitably land in the islands, our military industry should similarly be prepared to spread out in small workshops hidden away in the jungles and islands. To reach that goal, we shall plan out the evacuation of gunsmiths to be spread out across the country and prepare the creation of isolated workshops.
The Jungle, Our Refuge
To make sure our army is ready for asymmetric warfare, we should incorporate jungle training to the military as a whole as part of basic training..
Paglaban ng Pilipinas
History has not been kind to our islands. Long oppressed by colonisers and imperialists, we've struggled for the right to control our very own destinies ever since the Katipunan tore their cedulas to the Spanish Empire. With these reforms, we shall ensure that any would-be occupiers would pay the price for trying to wrestle our land from us.
Create the Offshore Patrol
Under Executive Order No. 11, the Offshore Patrol shall comprise of all marine equipment and personnel acquired by the Philippine Government and assigned either in peace or war to the control of the Chief of Staff. It shall have such duties and powers to protect the shores and islands of our beloved island nation.
Import Foreign Navy Designs
The naval arm races of the early 20th century drew the world closer to war in the first world war. Given the geographical and strategic nature of the Philippine islands by the Philippine Sea and the South China Sea, it is imperative that we look to foreign naval models and advisors to improve our naval capabilities in order to secure our nation's security.
Commence the Coastal Defence Plan
The ambitious Coastal Defence Plan of [GetYear] seeks to improve the fortifications on Fort Drum (El Fraile Island), the Leyte-Samar Naval Base, and the fortifications on Puerto Princesa. Naval gun batteries, trenches, and land mines will be strengthened in order to deter naval invasions onto the islands.
Develop the Island Naval Bases
In addition to naval batteries and fortifications, our naval bases are to be further improved with searchlights, anti-aircraft batteries, and fire control towers. We must prepare these bases quickly if we wish to stand up to foreign invaders.
Found the Marine Corps
The geographical nature of the Philippines ensures that operations are best managed by soldiers who are able to rapidly deploy on both land and sea, thus making the Philippines the ideal country to develop a vibrant Marine Corps. With their motto of honour, duty, and heroism - these marines shall be the true tip of the spear.
A Fleet of Mosquitoes
The Americans left behind many of their PT torpedo and patrol boats. These boats contain torpedoes, depth charges, and light anti-aircraft guns. While unconventional by modern navy standards; their size and speed make them ideal in the island terrain of the West Pacific.
Revitalise the Cavite Naval Yard
With its origins as a Spanish Arsenal, the Americans took over the Cavite Naval Yard which became the US Navy's only ship repair facility in the western Pacific. Now with the Americans gone, we should seek to renovate and revitalise the former naval yard in order to produce ships for the preparation of military action on the high seas.
A New Generation of Naval Officers
Throughout history, Filipinos have distinguished themselves on the battlefield From Lapu-Lapu's victory over Magellan at the Battle of Mactan in 1521 to General Antonio Luna's fierce resistance to American imperialism. Now as a new generation of naval officers begins to arise in our republic, we should see to it that they lead the next generation.
Protecting our Seas, Securing our Future
Our efforts to modernise the former Offshore Patrol into a truly formidable naval force have borne fruit. Now we can proudly proclaim the creation of a new Philippine Navy to protect our seas and secure for ourselves a true visionary future!
Found the PAAC
Modern innovations in military doctrine and studies have shown that the 20th century shall be one of aerial combat and supremacy. Inspired by efforts within the United States, the Army has decided to create the Army Air Corps in order to foster the enthusiasm and interest in national air defence.
Seek Foreign Expertise
The German Empire and the Empire of Japan possess some of the most elite plane designs in the world. Along with American designs, it is important that we learn from the best when developing our own air force.
Naval Air Integration
The consequences of land-air integration during the first world war have shown the potential for naval and air forces to be linked together in combat as well. Naval dive bombers equipped with torpedoes would serve to strengthen the ties between the Navy and the Air Corps and allow us to strike enemy naval forces without the presence of large battleships and cruisers.
Expand Air Defence Installations
In the event of an invasion of the Philippines, the enemy will likely seek to gain control of our skies. We cannot allow this to happen. New innovation and technology such as RADAR stations must be present on the main islands and air bases renovated in order to allow the Air Corps to defend our skies.
Create the Special Forces Regiment
European and American military doctrines have invested in the concept of paratroopers; soldiers who jump out of aircraft and use parachutes to secure areas not directly accessible by other transports. Given the distance between the islands in the Philippines, a training programme to create a special forces regiment dedicated to such actions will be vital to our national defence.
Promoting Young Aces
With global tensions so high, it's clear that we will likely have to fight for our nation's existence in the coming years. As such, the foremost ranks and top of the classes should be promoted at once in order to become the leading generation of Filipino pilots and aces.
Invest in a Domestic Aviation Industry
The existence of a domestic aviation industry within the Philippines is small for a country in Asia and abysmal compared to western standards. With the threat of conflict ever so near, we should seek to modernise and develop a domestic aviation industry.
Expand Island Airbases
In order to expand island defences especially for the air, we have started an ambitious programme to renovate and develop new air fields such as Del Carmen Airfield, Clark Field, Iba Airfield, Del Monte Airfield, Bataan Airfield, and Nichols Field.
Create the Bomber Wing
Inspired by European doctrines of strategic destruction and land-air integration, the Army Air Corps has authorised the creation of a programmed dedicated to training pilots to carry out bombing missions in order to target potential enemy ground or naval forces from the skies.
Guardians of our Precious Skies
With significant modernisation and development, the Army Air Corps has grown significantly and has now become the Philippine Air Force - a separate branch from the Army. As the guardians of our precious skies, they will be our skies' vanguard in protecting our island from above.
Convene the National Economic Council
One of the very first creations of the new Commonwealth government, the National Economic Council brings together civil servants, industrialists, financiers, and technocrats to advise the President on economic matters. They have the expertise to formulate and recommend a plan of action to address the unfolding crisis.
Import Relief Rice
For the great majority of Filipinos, whether they will be able to afford enough rice to meet their needs is an ever-present part of their daily lives. As our agriculture has shifted to the cultivation of cash crops, the production of staple crops has decreased, and in difficult times this leads to rising prices. Our government shall pay for imported rice in order to keep the price of this staple down.
Halt Immigration
The Chinese have long dominated commercial life in this country, and are an outsize presence in many urban trades. The people's attitude toward these foreign competitors is already poor under normal circumstances, but under conditions of depression it becomes downright hostile. For the time being, we will suspend any further immigration from mainland China. The people will support a government that looks after their own.
Cut Bureaucratic Expenses
With our revenues falling rapidly, we are going to have to reduce our expenses somewhere. The civil service is the chief employer of upwardly-mobile educated Filipinos, and has also been an easy way of doling out patronage. At this time, however, we will have to economise our departments by culling unnecessary staff and cutting wages.
Revive the Cedula
In the old Spanish days, the cédula, a residence tax paid by all adult natives that was in effect a head tax, was a hated symbol of oppression. In fact, the Cry of Pugad Lawin, when Katipunan members tore up their cédulas, marked the beginning of the revolution. Nowadays, the necessities of the modern state demand greater tax revenues. All adults will be required to pay their municipalities a tax of fifty centavos for which they will receive a residence certificate.
The National Economic Protection Association
It is a scandal and an outrage that so much of Philippine economic life from merchants to consumer goods is kept in the hands of foreigners. The National Economic Protection Association has been formed of prominent businessmen and civic leaders, and will lead a campaign to urge the people to \
Key to Economic Nationalism
For decades, the leaders of the Philippines have talked of nationalism and our national aspirations. We have worked towards independence and the development of political institutions, but there is more to nationalism than this. To become a truly independent nation, we must assert control over our domestic trade and commerce, and build up indigenous Philippine wealth.
Improve Internal Transport
In a developing agricultural economy such as ours, high transport costs are among the biggest hurdles towards economic development. There are roads that need improving, railroads that need expanding, rivers that need dredging, and wharves that need building. Improving our transportation network, whether by land or water, will allow our farmers to more quickly and efficiently get their goods to market.
Encourage Crop Diversification
As the Philippines has integrated into the world economy, it has become increasingly dependent on a limited number of cash crops. This has both upsides and downsides. Monocultures are more susceptible to crop failure and disease, and dependence on a single product hurts farmers when prices fall. Encouraging crop diversification will enrich our soil and provide farmers with a more varied source of income.
Redistribute Large Estates
Since time immemorial, ownership of the land has been concentrated in the hands of the elite. The Americans put in some effort to break up the friars' estates, but did not go far beyond that. The government will purchase land from their owners at fair price, divide it into parcels, and distribute it to the landless with the aim of increasing the population of small holders.
Internal Colonisation of Mindanao
Mindanao has always been a frontier, inhabited by rebellious Muslims and pagans that the Spanish never were able to tame. But the legacy of the American empire has finally quelled these peoples, and the modern Philippine state finally has the power to open up this great land. Already, thousands of citizens from Visayas have travelled to Mindanao to claim plots of land and turn unproductive wilderness into the Philippines' future breadbasket.
Cap Rents for Sharecroppers
The peasantry has always been bound to the landlords through debt, but in recent years the situation has been growing worse. The modernisation of the rural economy has deepened the indebtedness of tenants to the point that they cannot even afford a week's worth of rice for their family. The peasants do not ask for much, and will be largely satisfied if we limit how much landlords can demand of them and encourage debt forgiveness in tough times.
Import Farming Machinery
Time was that a man, a plow, and a carabao was all that was needed to run a farm. And that may be enough for the small farmers, but the large landholders know about the revolution in agriculture that is taking place in industrialised countries: automotive tractors, mechanical huskers, and other ingenious devices. If Philippine agriculture is to remain competitive in this changing world, it will need to replace man-power with machine-power.
Expand the Sugar Centrals
Sugarcane is cultivated on many estates scattered throughout the islands, but refining sugar is an intensive and expensive process, especially with the new centrifugal method. That is why the trend has been towards sugar growers joining together to fund large centralised sugar centrals for the processing of the crop. If we want to continue to expand production of our number one export, we must encourage the continuation of this trend.
Agricultural and Industrial Bank
Our farmers know well the obstacles facing our agricultural sector, and also know of many possible solutions, but what is missing is the means. Nothing can be done without capital, and in an undeveloped, colonial economy like the Philippines', capital is in short supply. An Agricultural and Industrial Bank shall be chartered by the government for the express purpose of giving loans to large farming enterprises.
Domestic Textile Production
By far the most critical manufactured good for the average Filipino is textiles. The importation of cheap mass-produced fabrics from abroad has long since driven the old cottage industry weavers to virtual extinction. However, the creation of a domestic textile industry is the kind of light industry that lies within our capabilities. A government-owned textile factory will be opened, making us less reliant on imports for our clothing needs.
Build Fertilizer Plants
If we are to begin the development of a chemical industry, it only makes sense to start with products for agricultural application. Ammonium sulphate is the cheapest and easiest nitrogen fertilizer to produce. It may be less potent than most fertilizers, but its application would still yield considerable results for our farms' productivity.
Encourage Native Retailers
Philippine commerce, from the large warehouses of Manila to the little shops in every barangay, is dominated by the Chinese. There is no reason why native Filipinos should not be able to break this monopoly and become shopkeepers themselves. If we open lines of credit to those citizens who are interested in starting retail enterprises, they will be able to more easily compete with these foreigners.
Expand the Electrical Grid
The Manila Electric Company has been one of the chief drivers of the modernisation of the capital city, providing electrical power for transportation, telecommunications, and domestic use. If the country is expected to become truly modern, electricity must reach as many people as possible. The electrical grid will reach beyond Manila into the Luzon hinterlands, and others will be constructed in the outlying islands.
Protect Small Industries
In the struggle to substitute imports, it is not only the big enterprises that count. Hundreds of small factories and workshops that pursue things from spinning cotton to making soap to canning food are likewise key to the development of our domestic manufacturing. We will pass laws to protect these small businesses, both for the products they provide and also for the employment opportunities.
The La Union Cement Plant
Construction of modern buildings, roads, and port facilities relies on modern materials, chief among them cement. The National Development Company has already been successful in its creation of a cement plant on the Cebu waterfront through its subsidiary, and this model can be repeated in other regions. Northern Luzon will be the next area of our construction focus.
National Trading Corporation
As world tension grows, the world economy is buffeted. The great power blocs, under the strain of economic depression and fearful of one another, wall themselves off and the free flow of goods is restricted. For the security of the Philippines, it is necessary that the government can assure the procurement and stockpiling of certain critical goods and resources. A public corporation will be created with the aim of carrying this out.
Establish the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas
In 1916, the Philippine National Bank was established under a majority-public ownership. Though initially hailed as a success, it almost went insolvent during the post-war slump. But now with the peso unhooked from the United States dollar, the need for currency stability has resurrected the idea of establishing a true central bank. A Central Bank Council has already been convened to prepare the charter.
Expand Zamboanga Plantations
The Zamboanga Peninsula is the most developed part of Mindanao, and already cultivates a small amount of rubber trees. There really is no reason why we should not be able to expand production of this crop to compete with the plantations in Malaya, especially when the climate and soil conditions are practically the same. Experts believe that the demand for this critical resource is bound to grow.
Exploit Zambales Chromium
The recent development of electroplating has considerably widened the application of chromium in the metallurgical industry, and the Philippines just so happens to have some of the largest untapped reserves. The United States has up to this point been its primary consumer, but as our economy becomes less tethered to America, we will be able to sell this resource freely on the world market.
Encourage Small Scale Gold Mining
Gold mining has long been an important activity in the Philippines stretching back all the way to pre-colonial times. In a world where many countries are still on the gold standard, the demand for gold has never been greater. Most of our gold is excavated by small-scale miners using relatively primitive technology. It may be hard and unhealthy work, but it provides them with a decent living, and should therefore not be threatened.
Roads in the Cordillera
Despite containing a great deal of wealth in the form of untapped minerals and high-quality tropical timber, the Cordillera of Luzon is the most underdeveloped part of the country, inhabited by near-uncontacted tribes still practising folk religions. The Americans had already started opening up this region with the construction of the Baguio road; we can finish what they began.
Develop Domestic Coalfields
No mineral resource is as widely useful as coal in the generation of electrical power, in domestic heating, in transport, and in industry. The National Coal Corporation has been working to make the Philippines self-sufficient in supplying its needs. Greater investments in the Sibuguey and Compostela coalfields will bring us closer to this goal.
Surigao Iron Deposits
The development of a native heavy industry is tempting, but for now it will have to stay a distant dream. That does not mean, of course, that our iron reserves should sit idle. There are many markets in the Pacific that would be interested in acquiring our iron for their industry, and we must ensure our mining operations have the capital to produce at competitive prices.
Electrify the Manila Railroad
The Manila Railroad Company has been one of the most successful enterprises of the industrial era. It has grown to over one thousand kilometres of track, connecting Manila to San Fernando in the north and Legaspi in the south, greatly improving the transport of people and cargo. Now is the time to take the next step and improve efficiency by electrifying the existing tracks.
Copper Capital of the East
Copper is a much rarer metal than most seem to realise, yet it is indispensable for the production of electrical wire and other important commodities. With the largest proven copper deposits in the Pacific region, we have already made a brisk business in exporting copper ore to various countries. Investment in this industry must be increased so that our advantage is maintained.
Join the Internationale
As revolutionary comrades, we must band together against the forces of capitalism and imperialism, demonstrating the solidarity of the working people against those who would oppress them!
The Fight for the Philippines
The Second American Civil War has forced an American retreat across the Pacific, shattering their colonial influence over the Philippines and leaving a power vacuum in the region. Sitting in a vital position in the Pacific, the race is on to secure Manila, with German and Japanese representatives scurrying to bribe politicians, cajole military officers, and influence public opinion for the Pact and Sphere. Many Filipinos are reluctant to commit their nation to a foreign sphere, but with the possibility of war looming a choice will have to be made.\n\nThe side with the greatest amount of influence by the time of the §YSeptember 1939 Philippine Elections§! will see the Philippines join their faction. Otherwise, the Philippines will remain unaligned.\n\n[PHI_fight_for_the_philippines_decision_cat_scripted_loc]
ALIGNMENT
[PHI.GetFlag] §YThe Philippines§! may align with [PHI_fight_for_the_philippines_pie_chart_scripted_loc].
§3America§!
§gGermany§!
§jJapan§!
§Rno one§!
  \n§RIndependent§! Alignment: [?PHI.PHI_forpol_IND_percentage_var|%1R]\n§gGerman§! Alignment: [?PHI.PHI_forpol_GEA_percentage_var|%1g]\n§jJapanese§! Alignment: [?PHI.PHI_forpol_CPS_percentage_var|%1j]\n§cAmerican§! Alignment: [?PHI.PHI_forpol_USA_percentage_var|%1c]
The end of the American Civil War has seen the return of American interests in the Pacific. If America has the highest influence in the Philippines and the two nations have similar alignments, mutual agreements will be made and the Phillipines will be able to join any future American factions.
The American Civil War has crippled American interests in the Pacific. Should the war end before the 1939 elections, there is a possibility for them to enter the Fight for the Philippines.
Impending Philippine Elections
After the declaration of the Republic, a compromise was brokered between the Philippine political establishment and President Quezon. As promised, a new Presidential Election is to be held in September 1939, with significant consequences for both the island nation and its neighbors.
Impending Philippine Elections
After the declaration of the Republic, a compromise was brokered between the Philippine political establishment and President Quezon. As promised, a new Presidential Election is to be held in September 1939, with significant consequences for both the island nation and its neighbors.
Military Coordination with the Philippines
The Pacific is a tinderbox, with lines being drawn between German and Japanese interests. The Philippine Government, above all, is desperate for security amid the collapse of the United States and steadily increasing tensions in the region. Demonstrating our ability to protect the islands is essential for swaying them to our camp.
Political Negotiations with the Philippines
Good old fashioned diplomacy goes a long way in courting foreign nations to our side. Of course we are hardly limited to formal or even legal political channels - some backroom deals, a cleverly placed bribe, and the occasional blackmail may tip the scales in our favour.
Sabotage Japanese Influence
In the end, sometimes the right course of action is to forgo the greater victory in favour of the more realistic one. With our rival's influence steadily outpacing our own, it may be better to choose the lesser of two evils and take them down with us - with the hope that a neutral Philippines is better for us than an enemy one.
Encourage an Open Door in the Philippines
Within the Manila administration and the general public at large, there is great consternation about foreign interference in their newly \
Economic Aid Package to the Philippines
The Philippine islands are in great need of foreign investment in order to lift their people out of the dredges of the Great Depression and Black Monday. An emergency aid package, while costly, will do them far more good than it will cost us - and will go a long way in strengthening our influence in the region.
Arms Shipments to the Philippines
The Philippine Army is an extremely young institution - first authorised in December 1935 and building off a small core of veterans of the Philippine Constabulary and Philippine Scouts. With limited ability to produce weapons of their own and infrastructure to train the force they need to defend their new republic, our help in developing their military would go a long way in solidifying our friendship and preparing them for the wars ahead..
Military Coordination with the Philippines
$GEA_military_coordination_with_the_philippines_desc$
Political Negotiations with the Philippines
$GEA_political_negotiations_with_the_philippines_desc$
Sabotage German Influence
$GEA_sabotage_japanese_influence_desc$
Encourage an Open Door in the Philippines
$GEA_encourage_an_open_door_in_the_philippines_desc$
Economic Aid Package to the Philippines
$GEA_economic_aid_package_to_the_philippines_desc$
$GEA_arms_shipments_to_the_philippines$
$GEA_arms_shipments_to_the_philippines_desc$
Military Coordination with the Philippines
$GEA_military_coordination_with_the_philippines_desc$
Political Negotiations with the Philippines
$GEA_political_negotiations_with_the_philippines_desc$
Encourage Philippine Neutrality
The reality of the situation is that our control of the Philippines has been broken, perhaps irrevocably. Rather than fight the inevitable, it is essential that we ensure that the Philippines avoids drifting into the warring Japanese and German camps. Perhaps later, in better days, we can resume our friendship.
Economic Aid Package to the Philippines
$GEA_economic_aid_package_to_the_philippines_desc$
$GEA_arms_shipments_to_the_philippines$
$GEA_arms_shipments_to_the_philippines_desc$
Shoring Up Our Own Defences
More likely than not, our nation will be under siege one way or another. We can hardly expect the circling sharks to stay away from us if we are defenceless, and thus we must raise our guard against the threat of foreign invasion.
Playing Off Our Competitors
Carpet-baggers from Tokyo, Singapore, and elsewhere have arrived in Manila, joining American holdouts in trying to buy influence within the complicated Philippine political machine. But we are experts at our own game, and by playing these competing agendas against each other, we will come out ahead.
Peace in the Pacific
The continent is on the eve of war, and our distance from the mainland will provide us little protection. Although foreign voices insist we choose their side, we must never forget our own. Our people have no interest in their conflict, and the sooner they are reminded of this the better.
Crackdown on Foreign Agitators
Foreign agents have come from abroad hoping to overturn our long-established political traditions and sacrifice our people for their interests. We must eject these aliens and sideline all those who have accepted their bribes.
Negotiate with the Americans
Though the American Government has undergone considerable upheaval, there remain American holdouts in the Philippines hoping to preserve their long-standing political, economic, and military influence won from decades of occupation. Though unsavoury for many Philippine nationalists, working with these figures may be necessary to prevent us from being sucked into the deadly games being played by our neighbors.
Negotiate with the Germans
German influence in the Pacific has existed since the 19th Century, but has drastically expanded with their victory in the Weltkrieg and their seizure of British and French possessions in Southeast Asia. With the Americans' ability to mediate between them and the vengeful Japanese diminished, they may be our last hope yet in resisting Japanese invasion.
Negotiate with the Japanese
The Japanese are the rising power in the Pacific, having bested the Germans in combat during the Weltkrieg despite ultimately losing their gains in the ensuing peace. They have not forgotten that slight, and will not settle for less again. They come in the name of Pan-Asianism, and despite their true intentions remaining unknown, perhaps it is time we join them.
The Geopolitical Ballgame
With the tides constantly shifting in the Pacific, we must be flexible in order to survive. Aiding the weakest side to benefit our own and regularly changing dance partners keeps the game competitive and our options open.
An Alliance with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Despite our best efforts (or perhaps because of them), the situation has changed sufficiently in the Pacific that our peaceful people must finally choose a side. While there is considerable reluctance to do so, ultimately we need to make this difficult decision in order to protect ourselves from foreign threats.
Enforce Our Claims on North Borneo
The Sultanate of Sulu was granted the northeastern part of the island of Borneo in 1704 as a reward for helping the Sultan of Brunei. In 1878 the Sultanate of Sulu signed an agreement with the British over the rights to the northeastern part of the island of Borneo. The British maintain it was a cession of territory, but the ambiguity of the treaty (written in Malay) has led to many in the Philippines to believe it was meant to be a lease. As the legal successors to the Sultanate of Sulu, the Philippines maintain that that territory is rightfully theirs.\n\nWhile we can cite various legal justifications for our argument, court cases and linguistic debates will not garner international recognition for our claim. Only having boots on the ground in the area and the asserting of our dominance over the region will allow us to gain the authority we deserve.
Appease the Masses
The time for a new Philippines is now! Through fiery words and grandiose promises, we can fire up the crowds to push for more than their current lot in life!
Suppress Dissent
The rapid changes in the global order has allowed all sorts of rabble-rousers to come out of the woodwork. Though harsh, clamping down on their activities is necessary for progress, even if the backlash in the long term may be great.
Embrace the Spirit of Change
The march of progress is unrelenting. Though many reactionaries stand in our way, the truth is that there is no going back. We will lead the Philippines forward, even if we have to shake the foundations of our society to its core.
Appeal to the Elites
Like all societies, in order to accomplish anything good, leaders must navigate a complicated web of power-brokers and stakeholders, carefully convincing them to endorse the gradual, necessary changes that will ensure everybody's benefit.
Confront the Caciques
The aftershocks of Black Monday and the decline of the post-war political order continues to reverberate in the Philippines. There are many entrenched interests who fail to accept this fact. We must stand up to them, despite the dangers it may pose, lest all of our nation be held back until they come to their senses.
Champion the Traditional Order
Though the times are quickly changing, the core institutions of the Philippines remain the same. It may not always be popular, but things are the way they are for a reason, and we shall not allow the people to be misled by power-hungry malcontents.
Enforce the Presidential Vision
The President has a dream for a prosperous future for the Philippines, and it is one that we must make a reality. Despite groans from the elites and power-hungry populists, our people will come to appreciate our vision.
Land Reform in [FROM.GetName]
The battle for the Philippine countryside is not over. It will require continuous effort to modernise and equalise the countryside, effort that we can only hope will bear fruit in the long run.
Black Monday Rocks the Philippines
The Philippines is an insular country in more ways than one. Under American rule, the country has been only slowly allowed to assert its aspirations while remaining tied to the metropole for its security and economic life. At the same time, the continued rule of the Nacionalista Party has contributed to an atmosphere of stability. The country's economy remains tethered to the United States, the chief market of both exports and imports and ultimate authority of its trade policy.\n\nThe news of Black Monday did not immediately rattle Manila, as the country's economic links with the German sphere are fairly modest. But when news came that the economic crisis had spread to the United States, it became clear that it would only be a matter of time before shocks were felt in the Philippines. With an economy based in the export of cash crops such as sugar, abaca, coconut products, and tobacco, the Philippines is bound tightly to the US, and a deepening depression there will undoubtedly lead to falling trade revenues.\n\nAs a colonial subject, there is only so much the Philippine government may do to face the crisis. Still, it is not helpless. In the face of near-guaranteed falling export revenues, there are ways to make up the difference. Cutting expenditures while raising certain taxes will help keep the budget under control. At the same time, measures must be taken to ensure that the common people are not reduced to poverty and starvation.
We are up to the challenge.
The Philippine Political Scene
The Nacionalista Party has been the dominant force in Philippine politics since the first elections held in 1907. Its original platform was a simple one: immediate independence from the United States. Subsequent history proved rather more complicated, as Nacionalista leaders frequently shifted positions on the terms and time-frame of independence in their negotiations with American authorities. Finally, however, a timeline for eventual full independence has been achieved, and the Nacionalistas can claim that they have fulfilled the promise of their party's name.\n\nThough the Philippines may be a liberal democracy on paper, its political culture holds much to be desired. In a country where most of the population is desperately poor and lacks much education, politics is dominated by local elites known as \
Can Quezon really rule forever, though?
Potential Challengers
From his balcony at Malacañang Palace, Quezon might rightly feel secure in his position at the top of the Philippines. That is, so long as things continue along more or less the same trajectory. Quezon will have to face another election eventually, and a lot might happen in three years.\n\nIt is not clear at this point, however, who would even oppose Quezon. The most likely candidates would come from the Partido Democrata. Eternally stuck in the opposition and struggling to define itself as more than \
In politics, it's all about who you know.
The future of the Philippines rests with the people.
The Elites are Angry
Great changes have been taking place in the Philippines. President Quezon's trumpeting of \
The President decides!
Don't worry, Quezon has not forgotten his most loyal benefactors.
The Populists are Angry
One does not expect too much from democracy in the Philippines, well-known for its corruption and clientelism. Still, it is surprising how nakedly cynical Quezon's administration has been. The people laugh at talk of \
Our position is unassailable!
Perhaps we should throw the masses a bone.
The Declaration of the Republic
In a shocking turn of events, civil war has erupted in the United States of America, and their power projection in the Pacific has vanished overnight. Communications with Washington have broken down, and the American High Commissioner is at a complete loss for what to do. At 9 AM today, President Quezon, backed by his cabinet and the Philippine Congress, declared the Second Philippine Republic before a cheering crowd at Malacañang Palace.\n\nWith all the jubilation, it will take a little while for the full effects of the moment to be felt. The political dominance of Quezon and the Nacionalista Party has been inextricably linked with the Philippine struggle for independence, and now with the United States out of the picture, the landscape has changed. Most significant is a recent change to the Constitution, in which Quezon pushed through an amendment shortening the presidential term from six years to four, but giving him the option to seek another term. This means the next presidential election will be as soon as 1939, and who Quezon's opponents will be remains to be seen.\n\nRight now, the task at hand is to figure out what to do with the remaining Americans. Although they have been streaming out of the country in the last few months, many remain, including American soldiers guarding their military bases—which happen to be full of very valuable equipment. With no government to back them up, they are at the mercy of whatever decision we take.
These rifles and jeeps are a small price to pay for occupation.
Have them stand down, but leave them their property.
The Fight for the Philippines
Only a short time ago, the Philippines was the United States' citadel in the Western Pacific. That status quo is suddenly gone. With the withdrawal of American warships and soldiers following the eruption of the American Civil War, the Philippines has declared itself an independent republic. At the same time, it has never been in a more precarious position. The United States was the main check on the duelling designs of Japan and Germany in the region, and with it gone the two powers' rivalry has flared up once again. The Philippines lies in between Tokyo and Singapore, and its allegiance is ripe for the taking. Already, diplomatic and economic missions have sailed for Manila, hoping to curry favour with the new Asian republic.
$philippines_political_events.040.d.body$\n\nFor the Philippines, this situation presents both an opportunity and a risk. Aligning with a power provides benefits but will also earn the enmity of its opponent. Some incline towards Japan, with its vision of Pan-Asian cooperation and the end of Western imperialism. Others point towards Germany, still the world's hegemon and guardian of the present order. Still more advocate keeping distance from both Japan and Germany, though under present circumstances this will likely prove a challenge. Not a few quietly curse the withdrawal of the Americans, and hope against hope that the US, colonial master though it was, may someday recover its strength.
$philippines_political_events.040.d.body$\n\nThe Philippines was never much on Germany's radar. Though there is a respectable German commercial presence in the country, the Kaiserreich was happy to recognise America's hegemony over the islands, and focused on preserving its Asian presence through cooperation with British and Dutch colonial officials while establishing relations with independent Asian states like Siam and Burma. Now that a new Asian state has arrived on the scene, we may want to continue this practice with the newly independent Filipino government. If for no other reason, we should strive to get Manila on our side before Tokyo can.
$philippines_political_events.040.d.body$\n\nThe Philippines have long been a thorn in Japan's side. It was the centre of American influence and military strength in the region, both of which were long considered by Tokyo as a potential threat to the growing power of the Japanese Empire as well as a disgusting display of Western imperialism. With the Americans gone, however, the situation has changed. The Philippines lay unaligned, but are already a major Japanese trade partner and hosting a sizable Japanese population. An alliance with the Philippines would greatly extend Japanese power to the south. If for no other reason, we should strive to get Manila on our side before Berlin can.
$philippines_political_events.040.d.body$\n\nThe withdrawal from the Philippines was a sad day for the United States. Even though the relationship between the two countries was that of master and subject, there was also a genuine friendship between many Americans and Filipinos. As American forces left, they were often (privately) told by Filipino leaders that the Philippines would be open to realignment with the United States once the present civil unrest were over. With the worst of the war behind us, the opportunity of reasserting our power in the Western Pacific presents itself. But Germany and Japan have been vying for influence in Manila while we've been away, and we need to catch up- fast.
Favour the Germans.
Favour the Japanese.
Maintain a position of neutrality.
Bolster the German consulate in Manila.
Bolster the Japanese consulate in Manila.
Tell them that the Americans are back!
...and we're here to stay!
This isn't worth our attention right now.
The Americans Have Returned
The Second American Civil War was devastating, but it seems the adventuring American spirit (and their aggressive pursuit of their interests) remains intact. With their domestic rivals having been dealt with, President [FROM.GetLeader] has wasted little time reactivating American consulates around the world and stamping out any questions of his government's legitimacy. This apparently has extended to America's Pacific flank as [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has poured considerable resources into catching up with their rivals and bringing us back into their sphere.
$philippines_political_events.041.d.intro$\n\nThe new American ambassador speaks of peace and cooperation, but the grizzled [PHI.GetLeader] knows better. While many in the cabinet were hesitant to recognize the new socialist government, much less allow them to take over the old American embassy, the American hegemony can scarcely be ignored even if now painted red. They bring a formal denouncement of the old American imperialism as well as plenty of money, but the triumph of socialism in the heart of capitalism has galvanised many in the Philippine left to try following suit. There are already rumors of secret meetings around the American embassy as populist discourse grows more normalised.
$philippines_political_events.041.d.intro$\n\nThe new American ambassador speaks of peace and cooperation, but the grizzled [PHI.GetLeader] knows better. While many in the cabinet were relieved by the failure of the socialist revolution, as the new government takes over the old American embassy the return of the American hegemony can scarcely be ignored. They bring formal recognition of our independence as well as plenty of money, but in truth their real goal is to buy our politicians - and our submission. As we welcome their new diplomats, there are all smiles before cameras but there are already rumors of secret backroom meetings around the American embassy as they court the Philippine elite.
...but as equals right?
The Germans Depart From Manila
In a sudden turn of events, the German embassy in Manila has been rapidly downsizing its staff over the last few weeks. Today, the ambassador has finally revealed why: Germany and the Philippines are now at war. Whatever the cause, German hopes of securing the allegiance of the Philippines through diplomacy have completely evaporated - now Manila will only be taken by force. For the Philippines, it remains to be seen whether or not a consensus will form over what to do next.
In a sudden turn of events, Singapore has fallen - effectively discrediting German efforts to influence the Philippines. Already, the German embassy in Manila has begun downsizing its staff, abandoning their hopes of securing the Philippines through diplomacy. At this point, it would appear, the Germans are fighting for their own survival in East Asia, and their hard earned empire hangs in the balance.
They shall bother us no more.
We shall return... some day.
The Japanese Depart From Manila
In a sudden turn of events, the Japanese embassy in Manila has been rapidly downsizing its staff over the last few weeks. Today, the ambassador has finally revealed why: Japan and the Philippines are now at war. Whatever the cause, Japanese hopes of securing the allegiance of the Philippines through diplomacy have completely evaporated - now Manila will only be taken by force. For the Philippines, it remains to be seen whether or not a consensus will form over what to do next.
In a sudden turn of events, Taiwan has fallen - effectively discrediting Japanese efforts to influence the Philippines. Already, the Japanese embassy in Manila has begun downsizing its staff, abandoning their hopes of securing the Philippines through diplomacy. At this point, it would appear, the Japanese are fighting for their own survival in the Pacific, and their hard earned empire hangs in the balance.
They shall bother us no more.
The Germans Offer Economic Aid
The Great Depression and the collapse of the United States into civil war has thrown the Philippine economy to a tailspin. As the young nation works to retool its economy away from its colonial roots and lift itself from its own economic malaise, local German authorities in East Asia have offered a helping hand. They are willing to subsidise local German and German aligned businessmen in developing enterprises in the Philippines, promoting growth and ostensibly creating prosperity for both sides. How these spoils will be distributed is another question - the hidden strings involved are a concern for even the most business-friendly statesman.
We'll take all the help we can get!
No thank you.
The Americans Offer Economic Aid
The Great Depression and the collapse of the United States into civil war has thrown the Philippine economy to a tailspin. As the young nation works to retool its economy away from its colonial roots and lift itself from its own economic malaise, revived American interests have offered a helping hand. They are willing to subsidise local Americans and American aligned businessmen in developing enterprises in the Philippines, promoting growth and ostensibly creating prosperity for both sides. How these spoils will be distributed is another question - the hidden strings involved are a concern for even the most business-friendly statesman.
We'll take all the help we can get!
No thank you.
The Japanese Offer Economic Aid
The Great Depression and the collapse of the United States into civil war has thrown the Philippine economy to a tailspin. As the young nation works to retool its economy away from its colonial roots and lift itself from its own economic malaise, the Japanese government has offered a helping hand. They are willing to subsidise local Japanese and Japanese aligned businessmen in developing enterprises in the Philippines, promoting growth and ostensibly creating prosperity for both sides. How these spoils will be distributed is another question - the hidden strings involved are a concern for even the most business-friendly statesman.
We'll take all the help we can get!
No thank you.
The Philippines Accepts Our Economic Support
The Great Depression and the collapse of the United States into civil war has thrown the Philippine economy to a tailspin. As the young nation works to retool its economy away from its colonial roots and lift itself from its own economic malaise, they have eagerly accepted our proposal to subsidise business enterprises in their nation, deepening economic ties between us and promoting mutual economic prosperity. Left unsaid are the hidden strings in this transaction: the unspoken influence we now command inside Manila.
Wonderful News!
The Philippines Declines Our Economic Support
The Great Depression and the collapse of the United States into civil war has thrown the Philippine economy to a tailspin. As the young nation works to retool its economy away from its colonial roots and lift itself from its own economic malaise, they have nevertheless rejected our proposal to subsidise business enterprises in their nation, which would have promoted mutual economic prosperity and given their people the support they so desperately need. While we are certain the Philippine people will regret the suspicious and short-sighted nature of their leaders in the future, for the present we have been dealt an unfortunate blow.
Unfortunate.
The Germans Offer Military Aid
The Philippine Army was officially established in December 1935, to be built out of veterans from the Philippine Constabulary and the Philippine Scouts with American help. These plans never fully materialised before the Second American Civil War thrust the Philippines into unknown waters, and many wonder if the new Republic is up to the task of arming and training the force necessary to defend the islands from foreign invasion.\n\nThe Germans offer to take over the role of American trainers, promising the delivery of arms and experienced military advisors needed to train an entire division along German lines. This division would then be the model for the further development of the Philippine military, greatly increasing their influence on our army's development. Given the circumstances, it is unlikely we can ask for a better deal.
We graciously accept their offer.
We must politely decline.
The Americans Offer Military Aid
The Philippine Army was officially established in December 1935, to be built out of veterans from the Philippine Constabulary and the Philippine Scouts with American help. These plans never fully materialised before the Second American Civil War thrust the Philippines into unknown waters, and many wonder if the new Republic is up to the task of arming and training the force necessary to defend the islands from foreign invasion.\n\nThe Americans have offered to finish what they started, promising the delivery of arms and experienced military advisors needed to train an entire division along American lines. This division would then be the model for the further development of the Philippine military, greatly increasing their influence on our army's development. Given the circumstances, it is unlikely we can ask for a better deal.
We graciously accept their offer.
We must decline
The Japanese Offer Military Aid
The Philippine Army was officially established in December 1935, to be built out of veterans from the Philippine Constabulary and the Philippine Scouts with American help. These plans never fully materialised before the Second American Civil War thrust the Philippines into unknown waters, and many wonder if the new Republic is up to the task of arming and training the force necessary to defend the islands from foreign invasion.\n\nThe Japanese have offered to step up as a patron for this fledging force, promising the delivery of arms and experienced military advisors needed to train an entire division along Japanese lines. This division would then be the model for the further development of the Philippine military, greatly increasing their influence on our army's development. Given the circumstances, it is unlikely we can ask for a better deal.
We graciously accept their offer.
We must politely decline.
The Philippines Accepts Our Military Aid
The Philippine Army was officially established in December 1935, to be built out of veterans from the Philippine Constabulary and the Philippine Scouts with American help. These plans never fully materialised before the Second American Civil War thrust the Philippines into unknown waters, and many wonder if the new Republic is up to the task of arming and training the force necessary to defend the islands from foreign invasion. Our offer to supply their forces with men and material needed to train a model division along [ROOT.GetAdjective] lines has been graciously accepted. If all goes as planned, the lessons learned by this division will be used for the further development of the Philippine military, greatly increasing our influence on their army's development and preparing them as an ally for a future conflict.
All according to plan.
The Philippines Declines Our Military Aid
The Philippine Army was officially established in December 1935, to be built out of veterans from the Philippine Constabulary and the Philippine Scouts with American help. These plans never fully materialised before the Second American Civil War thrust the Philippines into unknown waters, and many wonder if the new Republic is up to the task of arming and training the force necessary to defend the islands from foreign invasion. Despite this, the Philippine government has stubbornly refused our offer to supply their forces with men and material, fearing our growing influence on their armed forces. This will leave their shores dangerously vulnerable to invasion.
In time they will realise their mistake
A Model Division Completes Training
Thanks to military advisors and material from [FROM.GetNameDef], a model division has been formed, equipped and trained. Built along the latest in [FROM.GetAdjective] military doctrine, this Model Division is an inspiring sight. The next steps of course will be for other units in our fledgling military to imitate this design, and we will send the freshly trained officers and NCOs from this division to others in order to catch them up to speed. All in all, this has been a great victory for [FROM.GetAdjective]-Philippine Cooperation!
A modern division for modern war!
We don't need a new division, but the equipment will be useful.
§YThis template will be locked and cannot be modified until $PHI_fight_for_the_philippines_decision_cat$ is over§!
The Philippines Entrenches its Neutrality
In the end, the Philippines has managed to fend off foreign attempts to pressure them into an alliance. Like most things in international relations, this also comes with some downsides. The general public is reluctant to commit to any foreign military adventures, and the Philippines will likely seek to bunker down and attempt to remain neutral amid the sea of war. Of course, peace virtually always beats war and our neutrality comes with the added benefit of political flexibility - if war does come to our shores or the situation otherwise rouses the general public to war we may yet end up joining a faction.
For now, we keep our options open and hope for the best.
The Philippines Entrenches its Neutrality
Having achieved its independence from the United States, the young Philippine Republic has been courted by all sides as tensions rise in the Pacific. Spurning overtures from Tokyo and local German authorities in Singapore, President [PHI.GetLeader], has declared his nation's neutrality in any armed conflict.\n\nIt will likely not be so easy. Manila sits in a strategic location, and while they have implicitly threatened to align against any invader, the temptation to secure their allegiance by force remains strong. How this nation caught in the middle of a showdown between two powers will navigate these stormy waters remains to be seen.
Do they really think they can survive on their own?
[FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Forces Us Into Neutrality
Though [FROM.GetNameDef] has had a distinct advantage in political influence over the Philippines and the state of bilateral relations had been moving towards cementing an alliance, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided instead to leverage that influence to press us into neutrality. Maybe this is because they did not want to overstretch themselves, maybe this is because of their own fickle politics, maybe (we dread) this is because they have negative intentions for us in the future. Either way, we have bought peace for now.
Then so be it.
Our Triumph in Manila
Thanks to German pressure and promises, the Philippine government has decided to throw their lot with us in the coming conflicts in East Asia. Bilateral relations between us have been trending towards an alliance, with much of the footwork being done by local German authorities in Singapore. It seems only logical that we stand together against the Japanese threat, though perhaps it would be better to simply push them towards formal neutrality, denying our rivals ground.
With these treaties we will bind them to us.
A neutral Philippines serves our interests best.
The Philippines Joins the Reichspakt
Thanks to German pressure and promises, the Philippine government has decided to throw their lot with them in the coming conflicts in East Asia. Bilateral relations between us have been trending towards an alliance, and it seems only logical that we stand together against the Japanese threat. We can only hope that their fleet is sufficient to protect both our shores and theirs, as the new nation takes a perilous turn.
Berlin is our only chance against the Japanese menace.
The Philippines Joins the Reichspakt
Having achieved its independence from the United States, the young Philippine Republic has been courted by all sides as tensions rise in the Pacific. Spurning overtures from Tokyo, President [PHI.GetLeader], fresh from his election victory, has announced his intentions to sign a series of binding military agreements with Berlin.\n\nThis security arrangement, brokered by local German authorities in Singapore, is a tremendous victory for [GEA.GetLeader], providing the Ostasienflotte vital bases in the Pacific. But whether or not this will bring peace to the islands or invasion remains to be seen.
The Tides Shift Towards Singapore.
Our Triumph in Manila
[ROOT.GetLeader] and his staff have received a telegram from Berlin today, recognising our tireless efforts in laying the groundwork for an alliance with the Philippines. While much of the credit for this great diplomatic victory will probably be monopolised by the foreign ministry, we can take pride in our handling of the situation - giving our nation a considerable advantage in the theatre thanks to our initiative.
We have done our duty well.
Our Triumph in Manila
Thanks to Japanese pressure and promises, the Philippine government has decided to throw their lot with us in the coming conflicts in East Asia. Bilateral relations between us have been trending towards an alliance, a hard earned conclusion of intense diplomatic lobbying. It seems only logical that we stand together against the German threat, though perhaps it would be better to simply push them towards formal neutrality, denying our rivals ground.
With these treaties we will bind them to us.
A neutral Philippines serves our interests best.
The Philippines Joins the Sphere
Thanks to Japanese pressure and promises, the Philippine government has decided to throw their lot with them in the coming conflicts in East Asia. Bilateral relations between us have been trending towards an alliance, and it seems only logical that we stand together against the Western threat. We can only hope that their fleet is sufficient to protect both our shores and theirs, as the new nation takes a perilous turn.
Tokyo will bring peace and prosperity to Asia.
The Philippines Joins the Sphere
Having achieved its independence from the United States, the young Philippine Republic has been courted by all sides as tensions rise in the Pacific. Spurning overtures from local German authorities in Singapore, President [PHI.GetLeader], fresh from his election victory, has announced his intentions to sign a series of binding military agreements with Tokyo.\n\nThis security arrangement is a tremendous victory for [JAP.GetLeader], providing the IJN vital bases in the Pacific close to the East Indies. But whether or not this will bring peace to the islands or invasion remains to be seen.
The Tides Shift Towards Tokyo.
Our Triumph in Manila
Thanks to American pressure and promises, the Philippine government has decided to throw their lot with us in the coming conflicts in East Asia. Bilateral relations between us have been trending towards an alliance, a hard earned conclusion of intense diplomatic lobbying. It seems only logical that we stand together against foreign threats, though perhaps it would be better to simply push them towards formal neutrality, denying our rivals ground.
With these treaties we will bind them to us.
A neutral Philippines serves our interests best.
The Philippines Realigns with America
To many's surprise, the Americans managed to not only end their civil war in a timely manner but also rebuild their influence in the Pacific. The Philippines, under pressure and perhaps taking into account old bonds between them, have agreed to sign a treaty of mutual defence in hopes of counterbalancing German and Japanese threats. The President, in an announcement today, has declared our willingness to remain open to possibly entering further alliances.
Washington returns as our protector.
The Philippines Realigns with America
Having achieved its independence from the United States, the young Philippine Republic has been courted by all sides as tensions rise in the Pacific. Few would have thought that the Americans, divided by civil war, would ever be in a position to return to influence in Manila. Yet in the end, President [PHI.GetLeader] and the Philippine government have decided to choose the devil they know, agreeing to treaties of mutual defence and resuming high level Philippine-American relations.\n\nThis security arrangement is aimed to protect the islands from German and Japanese encroachment, but there is no going back to the 1920s status quo. Whether or not this treaty can truly protect the Philippines from war remains to be seen.
A new partnership? Or a return to servitude?
The 1939 Campaign Season Begins
It's a presidential election year; in September, the voters of the Philippines will be headed to the polls to determine who will be the country's next leader. Already one candidate has thrown his hat in the ring: incumbent president Manuel Quezon. This comes as no surprise, as Quezon specifically sought the passage of a constitutional amendment several years ago to change his single six-year term to potentially two four-year terms. As the leader of the Nacionalista Party and most powerful man in the country, Quezon believes he can still cruise to re-election.\n\nIn this first-past-the-post national election, there can be only one viable challenger if the opposition wants any chance of success. The Democrata Party seems poised to nominate Claro M. Recto if it senses that the field is clear. However, Recto may hang back if it turns out that the old revolutionary Emilio Aguinaldo declares his own candidacy, as many of his confidantes are indicating. Rumours even have it that sections of the Nacionalista Party dissatisfied with Quezon are poised to split the party and back Manuel Roxas, though nothing has come of this yet. The syndicalist Partido Obrero has already declared that it will be boycotting the election, and is planning large anti-government demonstrations as the date nears.
Order and expertise will deliver results!
Progress and fraternity lift up the masses!
As one nation we will protect our independence.
The 1939 Philippine Elections Approaches
It's a presidential election year; in September, the voters of the Philippines will be headed to the polls to determine who will be the country's next leader. Already one candidate has thrown his hat in the ring: incumbent president Manuel Quezon. Both Germany and Japan have attempted to cultivate close relationships with the President, but although he has given neither the cold shoulder, it is still uncertain which way he truly inclines. Perhaps it is for this reason that German and Japanese efforts have gotten deeper into the Nacionalista Party itself, where they might find an a more willing collaborator.\n\nIn this first-past-the-post national election, there can be only one viable challenger if the opposition wants any chance of success. Potential Democrata Party candidate Claro M. Recto has been spotted with German businessmen, who are believed to be bankrolling the party. Meanwhile, potential presidential contender Emilio Aguinaldo has just returned from a trip to Japan; there is little doubt as to where his friends lie. The syndicalist Partido Obrero has denounced the influence of foreign capitalists on the national election, and is planning large anti-government demonstrations as the date nears.
We must step up our efforts!
Noted.
President Quezon Cruises to Re-election
The results are in: Manuel Quezon has secured re-election as President of the Philippine Republic. For months, people wondered whether Quezon's decade-long streak of uninterrupted political wins would finally come to an end, and it seems that they were foolish to do so. Once again, Quezon has proven himself a political master, effortlessly riding the currents of popular opinion while keeping intact the entrenched political establishment. Today, Quezon once again recited his oath of office from the balcony of Malacañang Palace as crowds cheered below.
Congratulations to President Quezon!
The 1943 Presidential Elections
This day was always bound to come. Though Quezon may have wished to go on as president (and rumours have it that he inquired with members of the Supreme Court to see if he could), term limits and declining health have finally compelled him to step down from the presidency. In his place, Vice President Sergio Osmeña stepped in as the Nacionalista candidate. Osmeña has long languished in Quezon's shadow, as equal parts friend and rival, but he has finally received the chance to take the reins himself. Easily cruising to re-election over token opposition, Osmeña's victory cements the Nacionalista's continued dominance of Philippine politics.
Congratulations to President Osmeña!
Roxas and the Elite reassert Control
Quezon dug his own grave. Having become carried away by his self-image as father of the masses, he neglected to shore up his position in the Nacionalista Party. As a result, a large section of the party bucked and nominated Manuel Roxas for president. The caciques went into overdrive, using all of their influence to cajole, buy, and bully the people into voting against Quezon. When the results finally came in, it was clear their efforts had paid off: Roxas had won.\n\nToday, Roxas recited his oath of office from the balcony of Malacañang Palace as crowds cheered below. In his first speech as president, he announced a new course that would correct the errors of recent years and return the Nacionalista Party to its roots as the guarantors of sound, stable government. He indicated that would-be revolutionaries and malcontents would be dealt with harshly. In his final remarks, Roxas also indicated a willingness for the Philippines to cooperate with foreign partners.
Congratulations to President Roxas!
Aguinaldo Upsets the Establishment
Quezon dug his own grave. Having become too comfortable with his own position at the height of power, he failed to register the discontent that was bubbling below. As a result, the people finally bucked the Nacionalistas and flocked before the great hero Emilio Aguinaldo. The caciques went into overdrive, using all of their influence to try and cajole, buy, and bully the people into voting for Quezon, but it was not enough. When the results finally came in, it was clear the impossible happened: Aguinaldo had won.\n\nToday, Aguinaldo recited his oath of office from the balcony of Malacañang Palace as crowds cheered below. In his first speech as president, he announced a recovery of the spirit that had guided the country in its war for independence. The era of corrupt and divisive politics was drawing to an end, as the entire people rallied to the cause of the nation. In his final remarks, Aguinaldo announced his intention to make the Philippines work with Japan \
Congratulations to President Aguinaldo!
Recto Rallies Populist Forces
Quezon dug his own grave. Having become too comfortable with his own position at the height of power, he failed to register the discontent that was bubbling below. As a result, the people finally bucked the Nacionalistas and gave their support to the Democrata candidate Claro Recto. The caciques went into overdrive, using all of their influence to try and cajole, buy, and bully the people into voting for Quezon, but the Democratas beat them to the punch. When the results finally came in, it was clear the impossible happened: Recto had won.\n\nToday, Recto recited his oath of office from the balcony of Malacañang Palace as crowds cheered below. In his first speech as president, he congratulated the Philippines for seeing its first ever peaceful transfer of power to a different political party. He underlined his administration's intentions to clean up corruption, protect civil liberties, and to above all serve the people. In his final remarks, Recto praised Germany as a \
Congratulations to President Recto!
Evangelista Leads a Socialist Revolution
The election was Quezon's undoing. Though his popularity was in the pits, having completely lost the people's trust, he stubbornly attempted to hold onto power. With the opposition bickering and unable to coalesce behind a candidate, it seemed that the democratic process was failing. The Partido Obrero grew in Manila, proclaiming that the capitalist regime was nearing its end. When a peasant revolt broke out in Luzon, the constabulary melted away, and soon armed peasants were marching towards the capital. With the city paralysed by a general strike, the cowardly politicians fled, and the red flag was raised over Intramuros.\n\nFrom the balcony of Malacañang Palace, Partido Obrero leader Crisanto Evangelista proclaimed the birth of the Socialist Republic of the Philippines. He announced that a provisional executive had already been formed with himself at the head, which would begin the task of constituting a true workers' and peasants' government. Below, throngs of working class Filipinos cheered and sang the Internationale in a choir of dozens of languages
Proletarians of the Philippines, unite!
Procuring Army Equipment
With our army swelling in size and our traditional protector in retreat, our supply chain races to keep up. This is no easy task, especially as the bulk of arms development and production are concentrated in the hands of mutually distrustful Great Powers that threaten to plunge the world once more into war. After reaching out to different suppliers, we have received several promising offers of technical support in modernising our military, whether it be improving our rifles or artillery or our support network.\n\nSome in the high command have suggested a much more ambitious proposal - ensuring the long term security of our nation by developing an extensive procurement pipeline integrating multiple suppliers, maintenance and repair hubs, and sometimes creating new ones from scratch. It will be pricey, but so is freedom.
Procure German Support Equipment.
Acquire Japanese Infantry Equipment.
Purchase American Artillery.
We will build an arms network from the ground up!
Importing Naval Designs
For an island nation such as our own, controlling the waters around us is vital for our security- doubly so when the great powers competing for influence in the region have a massive head start laying down armadas we can never hope to match. Still, something is better than nothing, and our fledgling fleet could use a head start. We have received offers from various suppliers, each jockeying for influence in our developing navy. With naval warfare rapidly changing, embracing new technology is key to even the odds laid out against us.\n\nA more ambitious proposal from leading figures in our new navy and an alliance of shipyards has made a case for extensive investment by our government to jump start domestic naval shipbuilding. Allocating these funds would consume not only the money set aside for importing foreign naval designs, it would also require us to pull from deep within our coffers.
Build German U-Boats.
Acquire designs for Japanese Torpedo Bombers.
Purchase plans for American Destroyers.
We must be able to create ships of our very own!
Seek Air Expertise
The war in the air is a rapidly developing frontier in military development, and one we can ill afford to fall behind in. Controlling the skies and using it to rain down bullets, bombs, and torpedoes on invading forces might mean the difference between victory in defeat. Foreign suppliers have generously offered to aid us in developing and integrating some of these new aerial technologies, though we must never forget the basics either. Sometimes dubbed the \
Buy German Dive-Bombers.
Purchase Japanese Zero Fighters.
Rely on American Pilot Training.
We must find our own destiny in the skies!
The Philippines Aligned with Singapore
The Philippines Aligned with Tokyo
§Y§cSocialist Incompatible Characters§! will be dismissed.§!
§Y§cSocialist Incompatible Characters§! will be recruited.§!
§Y§RSocialist Aligned Characters§! will be dismissed.§!
§Y§RSocialist Aligned Characters§! will be recruited.§!
§YThis will improve our Black Monday National Spirit.§!
§YLand Reform Decisions§! will also add an §Yextra building slot.§!
§YLand Reform Decisions§! will also add an §Yextra level of infrastructure.§!
§YThe Fight for the Philippines is Active§!
§YIf this is the first focus of §c$PHI_friends_not_forgotten$§!, §g$PHI_patronise_the_deutsche_klub$§!, or §j$PHI_visit_from_the_ijn$§! we have taken, we will get an added bonus:§!
§REquipment will be taken out of our stockpile§!
§GOur equipment will be refunded§!
§CIf The Philippines accepts, they will receive a spirit increasing their army experience gain, air force experience gain, command power gain, and decreasing training time. In a few months they will receive a new division. Our influence will grow §Ya large amount§!.§!
§CIf we accept, we will receive a spirit increasing our army experience gain, air force experience gain, command power gain, and decreasing training time. In a few months we will receive a new foreign-equipped division in Manila. German influence will grow §Ya large amount§!.§!
§CIf we accept, we will receive a spirit increasing our army experience gain, air force experience gain, command power gain, and decreasing training time. In a few months we will receive a new foreign-equipped division in Manila. American influence will grow §Ya large amount§!.§!
§CIf we accept, we will receive a spirit increasing our army experience gain, air force experience gain, command power gain, and decreasing training time. In a few months we will receive a new foreign-equipped division in Manila. Japanese influence will grow §Ya large amount§!.§!
§RThe existing presence of rival foreign military advisors has caused diplomatic tensions.§!
§RDue to a Game Rule, this outcome is predetermined.§!
§YBalance of Power related decisions will become available inside the Balance of Power interface.§!
We or an ally control §Y[336.GetName]§!
We or an ally control §Y[524.GetName]§!
We or an ally control §Y[985.GetName]§!
We or an ally control §Y[629.GetName]§!
§YThis will give us a unique bonus based on our global alignment. If we have chosen to pursue our own path, we will also receive a bonus spirit.§!
§RThis will give us a unique bonus based on our global alignment.§!
§ROur reforms have veered too far into populism and the elites are growing restless. Failing to keep the §YBalance of Power centred§! shake Manuel Quezon's grip on power.§!
§ROur reforms have excessively favoured the elite, aggravating the populists. Failing to keep the §YBalance of Power centred§! will shake Manuel Quezon's grip on power.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §GIncrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §GIncrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §GIncrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §rDecrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §rDecrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§RPhilippine Independence§! will §rDecrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§gGerman Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§jJapanese Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §GIncrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Small amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Medium amount.§!
§Y§cAmerican Alignment§! will §rDecrease§! by a Large amount.§!
§YFollowing the recent turn of events, §gGerman influence§! in the Philippines has become untenable. §RTheir influence has been set to 0§! and a German-Philippine alliance has been rendered impossible.§!
§YFollowing the recent turn of events, §jJapanese influence§! in the Philippines has become untenable. §RTheir influence has been set to 0§! and a Japanese-Philippine alliance has been rendered impossible.§!
The Internationale is led by §Y[HND.GetNameDef]§!
The Internationale is led by §Y[WCA.GetNameDef]§!
The Internationale is led by §Y[LKT.GetNameDef]§!
The brief freedom the Philippines experienced under the First Philippine Republic was brutally quashed when the 1898 Treaty of Paris formally recognised the USA's annexation of the island archipelago. The Philippines became governed by the American-run \
GFX_PHI_intro
A Path Towards Independence
After centuries of Spanish rule, the Philippines entered open revolt in 1896, led by the revolutionary secret society Katipunan. A year later, the revolutionaries declared modern Asia's first republic. Success was not to last, as the Spanish counteroffensive forced the revolutionary government to flee. The Spanish-American War destroyed Spanish power in the Philippines, but it soon became clear that the United States were not going to allow an independent Philippine state to exist either. Thus began the Philippine-American War, which quickly devolved into guerrilla warfare as the Americans extended their control over the country. By 1902, the war was officially declared over as the major nationalist forces were defeated, and the Philippines became a US territory.\n\nThe national struggle transitioned from military to political. The Philippine Organic Act of 1902 had provided the insular government with an elected assembly, and the first elections were held in 1907. They were won overwhelmingly by the Nacionalista Party of Manuel Quezon and Sergio Osmeña, which called for \
§MManuel Quezon Wins the 1939 Election§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Keep the balance of power within $PHI_bop_elitist_tensions$ or $PHI_bop_populist_tensions$ by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n£white_dot Sergio Osmeña ($market_liberal_coloured$) will win the subsequent 1943 Presidential Election.\n\n§MManuel Roxas Wins the 1939 Elections§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Keep the balance of power within either $PHI_bop_elitist_agitation$ or $PHI_bop_elitist_outage$ by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n\n§MEmilio Aguinaldo Wins the 1939 Elections§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Keep the balance of power within either $PHI_bop_populist_agitation$ or $PHI_bop_populist_outrage$ by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n£white_dot Make sure §jJapan§! has the greatest amount of influence in the Fight for the Philippines by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n\n§MClaro Recto Wins the 1939 Elections§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Keep the balance of power within either $PHI_bop_populist_agitation$ or $PHI_bop_populist_outrage$ by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n£white_dot Make sure §gGermany§! has the greatest amount of influence in the Fight for the Philippines by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n\n§MCrisanto Evangelista Launches a Socialist Revolution§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Keep the balance of power within either $PHI_bop_populist_agitation$ or $PHI_bop_populist_outrage$ by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.\n£white_dot Make sure neither §jJapan§! nor §gGermany§! has the greatest amount of influence in the Fight for the Philippines by the time of the 1939 Philippine Elections.
Quezon's Balancing Act
$PHI_power_balance$
Elitist Disapproval
Populist Disapproval
Elitist Tensions
Elitist Agitation
Elitist Outrage
Populist Tensions
Populist Agitation
Populist Outrage
The §cAmericans§! have won the Fight for the Philippines
The Philippines has rejected our economic aid
The Philippines has rejected our economic aid
The Philippines has rejected our economic aid
The Philippines has rejected our arms shipments
The Philippines has rejected our arms shipments
The Philippines has rejected our arms shipments
Philippine Focus Tree
