National Focus
Spirit Of Freedom
Freedom is something we have pledged to preserve, and this inspires our population to support us even if they may not always agree with our policies or the state of the country in the present moment.
Militarism
Our people have come to see the army as an integral part of our nation, and every conscript plays his part. This allows us to mobilise reserves, militia and other paramilitary forces in a pinch.
Military Youth
From the youngest age, our citizens learn military values and integrate them as a part of their life. This obviously increases the amount of vocations for the army as they reach adulthood.
Ideological Fanaticism
Our country is the centre of our ideology, and our ideology is the fabric of the country. Many are ready to die for its survival when others would easily retreat to new positions.
University Grants
We are paying modest but still relatively decent university grants to ensure any aspiring student has a shot at higher education. This is bound to increase the size of our intelligentsia
Welfare Programmes
We are ensuring that the poorest in our society receive the help they need to survive, so that they do not have to fend for themselves and may work for our economy one day.
Modern Warfare
The Weltkrieg, from its start to its end, changed warfare forever by finally ending Napoleonic Warfare's grasp on military thought and confirming the extreme deadliness of the rifle, machine gun and artillery cannon. Our army must adapt or perish, in a literal sense.
Equipment Modernisation
For a long time, military breakthroughs were slow, and having a good bolt-action rifle was enough. However, these rifles of the 19th Century are completely out of place on a post-Weltkrieg battlefield. We must stop being complacent and get new equipment.
Army Motorisation
The cavalry charges of the Weltkrieg were probably the last. The truck is no longer just a transport tool and is rapidly integrated into mobile warfare tactics. We must shake off outdated thinking and use motorisation to speed up our offensives and reinforcements.
Studying the Weltkrieg
We know about the Weltkrieg, but what have we learned from it? In just five years of conflict, countless soldiers died to teach us the new dynamics of warfare. If we do not learn about them, then our soldiers will meet the same fate on the battlefield.
Equipment Research
We might have caught up to modern equipment, but new designs are already making ours obsolete. Regardless, we must persevere, and make sure that we never fall a single year behind in equipment. This means we will have to start developing our own designs.
Mechanised Warfare
Trucks fared poorly on the frontlines, but it seems that we can now meet halfway between trucks and tanks. Armoured personal carriers can bring troops directly into combat, shield them from fire, and even provide powerful fire support if needed.
Military Exercises
Every great power exercises, and so should we. War games are more than peacetime entertainment for generals, they allow us to test both true and tested and revolutionary tactics without wasting countless lives. This allows us to complete our theoretical discoveries.
Equipment Breakthroughs
We have come to such an experience in equipment research that we are no longer limited to eternally catching up or buying foreign equipment to get cutting-edge military gear. Even great powers may soon be surprised by what will soon be in our soldiers' hands.
Armoured Warfare
Tanks are the pinnacle of modern warfare. Mobile vehicles armed with cannons worthy of artillery, and impervious to the average rifle. Even if we only produce few, we will plough through our enemies with judicious use of those steel behemoths.
Special Forces
Special Forces are more than the Elite Units of old. With modern equipment, even a conscript can hold his own on the battlefield. However, some situations are so hostile that they need specially trained men. Mountain ranges, amphibious landings, airborne assaults.
National Air Force
Not enough building slots for §YAir Base§!
The field of aviation was born almost in time for the Weltkrieg. Even two decades after this war, it is still new, and all nations strive to be ready for the next time their planes may be called to war. We must, too. We must found a solid Air Force to organise them.
Air Superiority
The dogfights of the Weltkrieg were merely the start of air-to-air warfare. As planes become faster, more armoured and more heavily armed, we need to put all our efforts into making sure we control the air. Then, striking the ground is a formality.
Strategic Bombing
Even when they were brand new, bombers inspired fear, and many saw their potential. As payloads get larger and bigger, even the artillery barrages of the Weltkrieg fail to compare. Some day, we may even surpass them, and destroy entire cities or regions in one run.
Modern Air Tactics
Planes have long stopped being just reconnaissance and harassment tools. By integrating them fully into our army operations, the air force is capable of dealing as much damage and advancing our operations as much as the average Army Command.
Close Air Support
While Fighters and Bombers can indirectly affect the battle, dedicated CAS planes have both the agility and armament needed to perform strafe and bombing runs on ground targets, causing major damage on unprepared armies while handling decently in aerial combat.
Experimental Rocketry
The field of rocketry is perhaps one of the newest fields of military science. If our scientists are to be believed, rocket engines can achieve speeds that would put radial engines to shame. Some say they could go even faster than sound, certainly extremely exciting.
Naval Aviation
Perhaps one of the major breakthroughs in naval warfare, naval bombers are able to lay waste on enemy fleets with torpedoes and other dedicated naval payloads like mines. Supporting our fleets, they can challenge capital ships and wreak havoc in the naval screens.
Modern Dockyards
Not enough building slots for §YNaval Dockyards§!
If we are to establish a strong navy, we need to produce it first. Shipbuilding methods have evolved, and old drydocks need to be upgraded as much as new dockyards must be built from scratch. The modern ship is no cog, and we must see big to have a sea-worthy fleet.
Flexible Tactics
We will never have the navies of the world powers, able to clean entire seas of opposition, but this does not mean our fleet will hide in port. Using flexible tactics and modern inventions like submarines, we do not need to actually match up with those grand fleets to wreak havoc.
Power Projection
Our navy might not yet be able to contest the bigger navies of this world, but by picking our fights smartly and keeping our fleets focused, we can make sure that any confrontation is to our advantage while still retaining a powerful navy that can rout weaker navies.
Submarine Warfare
Submarine warfare is the most exciting naval development since the invention of the torpedo boat, and challenges even the most classical doctrines of naval warfare. We would do well to not just protect against submarines, but also use them against enemy ships.
Screen Ships
Cruisers are not just 'cheap Battleships', and such outdated thinking ruins the potential of those ships. We should use them as escorts to our capital ships, as they are very vulnerable to naval bombers and smaller ships like torpedo boats.
Anti-Submarine Warfare
By studying the design and strategic use of submarines, we also learn how to counter them. Our Destroyers will need specialised equipment like depth charges and specific designs that are both light and small to ensure they can escort convoys and patrol efficiently.
Capital Ships
Eventually, a fleet is nothing without a centrepiece, and both the old Battleship and modern Carrier fit this role. While vulnerable in a direct confrontation, they can bring massive damage upon enemy fleets if we let them shell and swarm the enemy ships from a safe distance.
Industrial Methods
To construct a large industrial base, we will need to set up the basics of modern industry, and maybe even make initial choices. Concentrated or dispersed industrial centres, investing in machine tools and construction tools. All of those are important things to focus on.
Industrial Grants
Not enough building slots for §YCivilian Factories§!
A healthy and strong industry doesn't just appear out of nowhere. While we may have to start more ambitious projects later, we must start by ensuring that those with good management skills can start healthy, successful companies that may later grow into giants.
State Armouries
Not enough building slots for §YMilitary Factory§!
Until we are able to produce our own military equipment, we should create modern armouries for our army. Their goal is quite modest, procuring the gear our army needs using state funds, civilian production and simple production, but it is better than not getting any new rifles.
Industrial Centres
Entrepreneurship is one thing, but to have an economy worthy of even a regional power, we will need to foster the large industrial regions that made the Industrial Revolution. The seeds of such regions are a large investment into promising industrial sites.
Military Manufactures
We must produce our own military equipment if we want our army to be more than a reserve force. The only way to do so is to heavily fund the creation of dedicated military manufactures, and support them with regular contracts and promises to ensure they can stay afloat.
Military Industry
We have finally reached a point where we have companies able to build the equipment we need, even if their output is still limited. However, our needs are still great, and by giving them absolute support over foreign companies they will slowly scale up to our needs.
National Infrastructure
Our growing industry requires a solid infrastructure to ensure the transit of goods. We need to do away with the chaotic, city to city planning and finally draw the roads of our country. Those who exist, those who will be expanded or linked, and those that have yet to be.
Not enough building slots for §YInfrastructure§!
Not enough building slots for §YSynthetic Refinery§!
Railway Networks
Modern countries need railway networks, able to bring anything from one point of the country to another rapidly and efficiently. This means we will have to expand our railways and create junctions that didn't occur to us even a few years ago.
Industrial Networks
Much like roads and railways, industries are connected in large, sprawling networks, based on input and output, import and export. As our infrastructure improves, so do these links, and our industry grows stronger as they can rely on the economy of our few wealthy provinces.
Research Councils
Our industrial growth has attracted many learned minds, both nationals and foreign scientists looking for employment. We should fund research councils to ensure that they find tasks to work on until our industrial base grows enough that we attract private research institutes.
Research Institutes
As our industrial base expands, we finally go from just manufacturing to actually designing and creating, or at least attracting those who do. Those research institutes have not only the minds, but also the funds to make discoveries. Let us waste no time encouraging their implantation.
Technology Sharing
By sharing technological advances with our allies, our whole faction will be able to conduct wartime research and development more efficiently. Of course, we will need to prove our help is impactful to them, but once this much is proved, we stand to benefit greatly from their research.
Secret Weapons
It is tempting to expend all extra resources into just developing tanks and planes, but the secret to winning wars lies in whole new fields of science; electronics, rocketry and nuclear research. Just because we are not a major power, does not mean we cannot make our own strides in those fields.
Political Reform
To bring about change in the world, we need to be able to bring about change in our own country. Strengthening our political position should come first, we need to do away with old political doctrine and be ready to adopt bold, ambitious views on how our nation is to be ruled from now on.
Unite The Nation
This era is a strange one, with the rise of Syndicalism, the fragile position of Democracy and the maintained Authoritarian old order. We must protect our country from outside influences by ensuring our people believe in the founding values of our country, lest we are washed away by opposing views.
Militarism
Those who view the military as a necessary evil are doomed to hesitate in the face of war. We will ingrain militarism into our culture to become a people of soldiers, if not an army with a state. If one thing is certain since the Weltkrieg, it is that it might very well not have been The War To End War.
Military Youth
Organisations to promote discipline and political education of young people in our nation will foster loyalty and self-sacrifice early in a citizen's life. These core values must be learned from the most tender age, so that the next generations are ready to fight for our country.
Ideological Fanaticism
Our politically established values and goals are worth dying for as much as any ancient faith. Any follower should be prepared to face death, and those who stray better be prepared to face death. There is no middle ground in this ideological struggle of the great and small powers alike.
Spirit Of Freedom
Freedom is not just a happy happenstance, it is something that must be preserved against tyranny. The Weltkrieg and the rise of Syndicalism has too many put this spirit in doubt, but no nation is too small to rekindle its flame in their governments and populaces and ward against those trying to extinguish it.
The Rights Of Man
The Rights Of Man is perhaps the founding act of the modern Democracy, doing away with the feudal order and ensuring equal rights for all. There have always been the odd doubts about our stance on those essential rights, and we will dispel them without ambiguity. We only stand to benefit from it.
University Grants
The modern University is a great achievement, allowing people of even modest origin to elevate themselves via higher learning. However, this requires us to fund university grants to allow such access to poorer but aspiring students. Let's make that move now, these future scholars will pay dividends.
Welfare Programmes
Equality in rights and equality in education are two important milestones, but economic equality is perhaps the hardest. While we might never reach perfect equality in this area, we can at least prop up the poorest in our country with fair welfare programmes. This ought to help our consumer economy speed up, too.
National Identity
While the ideological debate is one we could get lost in for ages, we must not forget who we are at our core. We are unique, we know our history, our culture and we hope that our destiny is even more brilliant. If we have shaped a better society today, we will shape an even better country tomorrow.
A new air in Town
There has been something different about the atmosphere of [iwo_host_city] these past few days; and one need only ask a passer-by why that is: despite it still being a week before the date of the opening ceremony, athletes from the entire socialist world have been arriving steadily, their number increasing by the day. The local populace is positively ecstatic to be part of this international an event, and are happily intermingling with the travellers from abroad that our city now hosts.
Truly an event for the ages.
The 1937 Workers' Olympiad
Today, the 1937 International Workers' Olympiad has been opened in [iwo_host_city]. The ceremony was attended by dignitaries and athletes from the entire socialist world. After a parade through the host city, a mass gymnastics event followed that ended up drawing a crowd of tens of thousands of people. Over the next few days, athletes both local and from abroad will participate in countless events such as Athletics, Cycling and Football.\n\nOrganised by the Socialist Workers' Sport International, the I.W.O. is conceived as the antithesis of the bourgeois Olympic games: where theirs are a showcase of elitist competition, our Games are based on mass-participation and friendship between our peoples. That difference in conception has sure shown its effect in the attendance numbers!
What a glorious day for the working man!
Homeward Bound
The Workers' Olympiad has ended a week ago now, and it has been deemed a great success. For a brief moment, [iwo_host_city] was a place where the many peoples of our movement were able to exchange dreams, hopes and ideals, but all things must come to an end. Even the last stragglers are starting to hop on the trains and busses leaving town, carrying with them homewards memories and stories to tell their families and comrades.
Too bad it ended.
Choosing a Host City for the International Workers' Olympiad
The Socialist Workers' Sport International have asked us for assistance in planning the 1937 edition of the International Workers' Olympiad. While previous Olympiads have taken place in cities all over Europe, most notably the 1931 Games in Vienna, the worsening political climate have made a Games within the syndicalist bloc the safest bet. It is now up to us to choose a location for the Fifth International Workers' Olympiad.
Marseille will do.
Up in Britain, Birmingham shall host.
Our Italian Comrades will host in Turin.
Preparing for the Workers' Olympiad
While we have had the pleasure to host a Workers' Olympiad in the past, that was in Paris, not Marseille. Attendance numbers are expected to exceed to soar this time around, and we would do better to ensure that the city of Marseille can handle an event of this size.
To the Work that we must do.
Birmingham to host the 1937 Workers' Olympiad
The Socialist Workers' Sport International have asked us for assistance in planning the 1937 edition of the International Workers' Olympiad. The games are to take place in Birmingham. Attendance numbers are expected to exceed to soar this time around, and we would do better to ensure that the city of Birmingham can handle an event of this size.
To the Work that we must do.
Turin to host the 1937 Workers' Olympiad
The Socialist Workers' Sport International have asked us for assistance in planning the 1937 edition of the International Workers' Olympiad. The games are to take place in Turin. Attendance numbers are expected to exceed to soar this time around, and we would do better to ensure that the city of Turin can handle an event of this size.
To the Work that we must do.
In one word - we do not want to place anyone into the shadow, but we also claim our place in the sun.\n- German Foreign Minister Bernhard von Bülow, 1897
Despite the fact that we have no such fleet as we should have, we conquered for ourselves a place in the sun. It will be my task to see that this place in the sun shall remain our undisputed possession.\n- Kaiser Wilhelm II
My 'Share Our Wealth' program is the only defence this country's got against Syndicalism.\n- Huey Long
Socialism has to remain a terrifying and a majestic thing.\n- Benito Mussolini
Our aim is the creation in our country of a society of free and equal man, where no man will ever exploit another man.\n- Palmiro Togliatti
Together in Britain we have lit a flame that the ages shall not extinguish.\n- Oswald Mosley
Impossibility never prevented anything from happening.\n- Errico Malatesta
The present Kuomintang revolution is, neither in its inspiration nor direction, truly national, but directed mainly from Paris.\n- P.T. Etherton, China: The Facts
We are leaving for the steppe. We can only return if there is God's grace. But we need to light a torch, so that there is at least one bright point among the darkness that has engulfed Russia...\n- Mikhail Alekseyev, 1918
Without the Empire we should be tossed like a cork in the cross current of world politics. It is at once our sword and our shield.\n- Billy Hughes
Conscription if necessary, but not necessarily conscription.\n- William Lyon Mackenzie King
I look upon him as the greatest criminal known for having plunged the world into war.\n- King George V on his cousin, Kaiser Wilhelm II
After I am dead, the boy will ruin himself in twelve months.\n- attributed to George V of United Kingdom about his son Edward, Prince of Wales
We declare with Moses and the Prophets, with Christ and the early Christians, that there can be no righteousness where the wealth of private individuals may be used as a means of exploitation.\n- Tom Mann
Hate does not produce love, and by hate one cannot remake the world.\n- Errico Malatesta
The old world is dying away, and the new world struggles to come forth - now is the time of monsters.\n- Antonio Gramsci
We, who are Socialists, must hope that out of this horror of bloodshed and dire destruction will come far-reaching social changes and a long step forward towards our goal of Peace among Men.\n- John \
The United States must be neutral in fact as well as in name... We must be impartial in thought as well as in action.\n- Woodrow Wilson, 19 August 1914
Less care for internationalism and more concern for national prosperity.\n- Father Charles Edward Coughlin
The truth is, Mr. Hearst, we Syndicalists like this country very much. If we did not love our country so much, perhaps we would surrender it to Wall Street.\n- Earl Browder
At heart and in their daily action the trade unions are revolutionary. Their unchangeable policy is to withhold from the exploiters all they have the power to. That is the true meaning of the trade union movement.\n- William Edward Foster
The war must be made to end at the latest by the summer or autumn of 1917 - and if the monarchs are not capable of concluding a peace, then their people will do it for them over their heads.\n- Ottokar Czernin and Kaiser Karl I, in a telegram to Kaiser Wilhelm II
People always have been the foolish victims of deception and self-deception in politics, and they always will be, until they have learned to seek out the interests of some class or other behind all phrases, declarations and promises.\n- Vladimir Lenin
At a time of revolution we cannot allow freedom for the enemies of the people and of the revolution. That is a surely clear, irrefutable conclusion.\n- Nikolay Bukharin
The ideally non-violent state will be an ordered anarchy. That State is the best governed which is governed the least.\n- Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
I consider capitalism the most infamous, bloody and evil system that mankind has ever witnessed. My language is regarded as extravagant, but the events of the past few years have proved my contention.\n- John MacLean
Looking at the world as a whole, the drift for many decades has been not towards anarchy but towards the re-imposition of slavery.\n- Eric Blair
A community is democratic only when the humblest and weakest person can enjoy the highest civil, economic, and social rights that the biggest and most powerful possess.\n- Asa Randolph
History has a long-range perspective. It ultimately passes stern judgement on tyrants and vindicates those who fought, suffered, were imprisoned, and died for human freedom, against political oppression and economic slavery.\n- Elizabeth Gurley Flynn
A soldier who is politically conscious that he is right and who has a feeling of community with his society... will do his job well.\n- William Aalto
It is sometimes tougher to fight my superiors than the French.\n- Heinz Guderian
No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.\n- George Patton
All law is \
It was heroic madness. But the whole life of a Russian revolutionary of that time often boiled down to a chain of such heroic madness.\n- Viktor Chernov
Our threat is from the insidious forces working from within which have already so drastically altered the character of our free institutions — those institutions we proudly called the American way of life.\n- Douglas MacArthur
If France must die, it is the Republic that will finish her.\n- Charles de Gaulle
Yes, it is Europe, from the Atlantic to the Urals, it is Europe, the whole of Europe, that will decide the fate of the world.\n- Charles de Gaulle
Jun wèi chén gang, Emperors must be led by the people, thus I, a military superior, must be led by my subordinates.\n- Wu Peifu
If you don't have ammunition, you still have bayonets. Fix bayonets!\n- Lieutenant Colonel Mustafa Kemal Bey
In the conditions of the incipient Civil War, all humanity and soft-heartedness must be discarded.\n- Baron Roman von Ungern-Sternberg, on the first execution he ordered.
It would appear that we select presidents as we select jurors, on the ground that they have no opinions that can be discovered.\n- Norman Thomas
Freedom means Freedom for the Group, not Freedom for the Individual. Men must not be slaves to other men, but they must be slaves to their group. For, if they are not slaves to their own group, they will assuredly become slaves to some other.\n- Liang Qichao
When the white man turns tyrant, it is his own freedom that he destroys. He becomes a... posing dummy, the shallow figure of a sahib... He wears a mask, and his face grows to fit it.\n- Eric Blair
Le Prussianisme - voila l'ennemi!\n- Joseph Conrad
Considering the circumstances in which the country finds itself, the most conservative thing is to be a revolutionary.\n- Francesc Cambó i Batlle
Don't you dare let them put me in Westminster Abbey.\n- John McLean
Politics is a gentleman's game.\n- Muhammad Ali Jinnah
To rebellion! Rise up, brothers, against all government, destroy the power of the bourgeoisie!\n- Nestor Makhno
Names and individuals are unimportant when Germany's final fate is at stake.\n- Franz von Papen
Whoever looks at America will see that the ship is powered by stupidity, corruption, or prejudice.\n- Johann Most
I am an Imperialist because I will not be a Colonial.\n- Stephen Leacock
Optimism is cowardice.\n- Oswald Spengler
In true fraternity, on love depending, Society fulfils its highest need. Man cannot rest until mankind is freed.\n- Clement Attlee
And that is war in a nutshell; the master class has always declared the wars, and the subject class has always fought the battles.\n- Eugene V. Debs
When the nation can act freely, then China may be called strong. To make the nation free, we must each sacrifice our freedom.\n- Sun Yat-sen
In a man to man fight, the winner is he who has one more round in his magazine.\n- Erwin Rommel
Countless people, from maharajas to millionaires and from pukkha sahibs to pretty ladies, will hate the Internationale, be rendered unhappy by frustration of their ambitions and will die protesting against it.\n- H.G. Wells
Nobody but the dead know whether all these things people talk about are worth dying for. And the dead can't talk.\n- Dalton Trumbo
A Whig is a man who is prepared to go to the stake for his beliefs, but who will not send his opponents there. A Tory is one who will not only burn himself, but is quite prepared in the last resort to burn those who differ from him.\n- Sir John Buchan
We understand, as we have never understood before, that our Empire is a mystic whole which no enemy may part asunder, and our wisest minds are now given to the task of devising a mechanism of union adequate to this spiritual unity.\n- Sir John Buchan
Centuries ago one King who stood up against the common people lost his head. Since that day, kings never interfered with ordinary politics and George V would be well advised to keep his finger out of the pie now.\n- George Lansbury
The Republic is inevitable and you should accept it. You should side with the existence in France of an invincible democracy which will certainly keep having the last word.\n- Léon Gambetta
We Russians suffer from a disease of will. We do not know how to carry out what we decide.\n- Boris Savinkov
Did I say \
Hegel remarks somewhere that all great world-historic facts and personages appear, so to speak, twice. He forgot to add; The first time as tragedy, the second time as farce.\n- Karl Marx
Our next war will be fought for the highest interests of our country and of mankind. This will invest it with importance in the world's history. \
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.\n- Aldous Huxley
Lenin was sent into Russia by the Germans in the same way that you might send a phial containing a culture of typhoid or cholera to be poured into the water supply of a great city, and it worked with amazing accuracy.\n- Winston Churchill
The German is the discipline of fear; ours is the discipline of faith — and faith will triumph!\n- Joseph Joffre
A field marshal is born, not made!\n- Erich Ludendorff
No plan of operations extends with any certainty beyond the first contact with the main hostile force.\n- Helmuth von Moltke the Elder
I claim for Canada this, that in future Canada shall be at liberty to act or not, to interfere or not, to do just as she pleases, and that she shall reserve to herself the right to judge whether or not there is cause for her to act.\n- Wilfrid Laurier
It would shame me more to surrender Tsingtao to the Japanese than Berlin to the Russians.\n- Kaiser Wilhelm II
When I despair, I remember that all through history the ways of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but in the end they always fall. Think of it; always.\n- Mahatma Gandhi
We believe in constitutional action in normal times; we believe in revolutionary action in exceptional times. These are exceptional times.\n- James Connolly
All that we do, every action, should correspond to the highest ideals of the Revolution.\n- Mikhail Frunze
We Germans have, properly speaking, no understanding of political tendencies. We are more or less educated in business, in science, in thought, but in politics we are about on the same level as the East Slavonic peasantry.\n- Walther Rathenau
This is not an age of dreams and fancies; it is an age of iron, in which an iron spirit and an iron will are needed by men to cut their path through to victory.\n- Oswald Mosley
We are on the verge of events, the like of which the world has not seen for centuries. Soon everything that constitutes our lives will strike the world as useless. A period of barbarism is about to begin and it will last for decades.\n- Pyotr Wrangel
One day, the Great Russian Republic will be much stronger, richer and freer than the old Tsarist Empire. But how much blood will be shed.\n- Boris Savinkov
There is one certainty of the future of a people of the resources, intelligence and character of the people of the United States—that is, prosperity.\n- Herbert Hoover
I prefer a government run like hell by Filipinos to a government run like heaven by Americans.\n- Manuel L. Quezon
The Ottoman Empire is the strongest state. For you are trying to cause its collapse from the outside, and we from the inside, but still it does not collapse.\n- Grand Vizier Fuad Pasha, to a Western ambassador
What can you expect of us, the children of slaves, brought up by eunuchs?\n- Sultan Abdulhamid II of the Ottoman Empire, to a British friend
A word of command has made these silent figures our enemies; a word of command might transform them into our friends.\n- Erich Paul Remark, Im Westen nichts Neues
We possess a European symbol which belongs to all nations of Europe equally; this is the crown of the Holy Roman Empire, which embodies the tradition of Charlemagne.\n- Prince Otto von Habsburg-Lothringen
When we want an airplane, we get an airplane, when we want an artillery piece, we get an artillery piece; whatever we ask for we get from Japan.\n- Zhang Zuolin
There is no timeline to know. But the Motherland will rise - it will rise with our blood, it will rise from the depths of the people. Let the storm lift us up.\n- Boris Savinkov
There is no morality, there is only beauty.\n- Boris Savinkov
There is nothing under the sun that the Siamese police cannot do.\n- Phao Sriyanond
Give me a Japanese division armed with bamboo spears and I'll wipe out the entire Russian Far Eastern Army.\n- Sadao Araki
The recent history of both Europe and Asia shows beyond a doubt the futility of trying to turn a tiger into a kitten by giving it a dish of cream.\n- Vi Kyuin Wellington Koo
We should follow Dr. Sun's Three Principles. What we need now is action and for the people to take action.\n- Song Qingling
Science and the rule of law are of course beneficial to our state-building, but if we can in the meantime preserve Confucian moral decorum, the Chinese state will be unparalleled in the World.\n- Wu Peifu
Life springs from death; and from the graves of patriot men and women spring living nations.\n- Patrick Pearse
All history is man's efforts to realise ideals.\n- Éamon de Valera
We are a small nation. Our military strength ... can never be considerable. Our strength as a nation will depend upon our economic freedom, and upon our moral and intellectual force. In these we can become a shining light in the world.\n- Michael Collins
I have been with you in the glorious days. I am and will remain with you in the dark days. Be at my side. The struggle remains the same. It is about France, her soil, her sons.\n- Philippe Pétain
What do you prefer, the one that wants to take your bread in the name of freedom or the one that wants to take your freedom to guarantee your bread?\n- Albert Camus
The history of democracy offers us a very remarkable combination of utopias and myths.\n- Georges Sorel
You have to expect everything in politics, where everything is allowed, except to be surprised.\n- Charles Maurras
We want to glorify war - the only cure for the world - militarism, patriotism, the destructive gesture of the anarchists, the beautiful ideas which kill, and contempt for woman.\n- Filippo Marinetti, Manifesto of Futurism
For my friends, everything; for my enemies, the law.\n- Oscar Benavides Larrea
Neither land without men nor men without land.\n- Marmaduke Grove
One is only beaten if he admits his own defeat.\n- Henrique de Paiva Couceiro
I have no enemy to which I can't get close, and no friend to which I can't set aside.\n- Getúlio Vargas
If abolition was the cause for the coup, I don't regret it; I consider it worth losing the throne for.\n- Princess Imperial Isabel of Brazil
We all begged for bread and water. We were no longer the enthusiastic and strong boys who left Oruro. We were not more than pale shadows of men. All we wanted was to go home.\n- Germán Busch Becerra
If there are foreigners who, abusing social condescension, outrage the homeland, there are also patriot knights capable of presenting their lives in sacrifice against barbarism, to save civilisation.\n- Manuel Carlés
We are a nation that knows no surrender, we win or we die.\n- Umar al-Mukhtar
Democracy, republics: What do these words signify? What have they changed in the world? Have men become better, more loyal, kinder? Are the people happier? All goes on as before, as always. Illusions, illusions.\n- Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia
Outwardly and inwardly, in body and in spirit, Persia must become Europeanised.\n- Hassan Taqizadeh
An Australasian Loyalist, one who puts Australasia first in his thoughts, might find himself termed disloyal to the larger entity in which Australasia is assumed to hold a place of secondary importance.\n- Percy Stephenson
Always back the horse named self-interest, son. It'll be the only one trying.\n- Jack Lang
I'm no politician, I hate them more than anything. They're all bootlickers and whores, kissing goodbye to the old ways and spreading their legs for the new. No, I'm a good and honest warlord.\n- Sun Chuanfang
The end of Hope is the beginning of Death.\n- Charles de Gaulle
It is no longer the time to debate but to act, and action, real action, that which gives results, requires a single will.\n- Henri Mordacq
War! It is too serious a thing to entrust it to the military.\n- Georges Clémenceau
I have replanted my loyalty in the fields of defeat, for God, with his leaden fist, has struck France.\n- Léopold Sédar Senghor
In order to love France today, it is necessary to hate what she has become.\n- Charles Maurras
I know that many of our neighbours have minimised the idea of a federation. You will see the day when all of them will flock to it for refuge.\n- Milan Hodža
It does not matter where you started from, but where, through your merits and labour, you have arrived.\n- Carol II
No sacrifice is too great when it is for the people and the truth.\n- Iuliu Maniu
The Populist and Syndicalist species were characterised by the first appearance of a type of man who 'did not care to give reasons or even to be right'. That was the novelty: the right not to be right, not to be reasonable.\n- José Ortega y Gasset
Nations that are unwilling to defend their own interests condemn themselves to death.\n- Garegin Nzhdeh
He told me he suffered physical pain every time he signed a death sentence. I believe it was true. There was a strong streak of sentimentality in his nature, but he was a fanatic as far as the clash with capitalism was concerned.\n- Robert Bruce Lockhart on Jekabs Peterss
Why four great powers should fight over Serbia no fellow can understand.\n- John Burns
Today, when our South Slavic brothers are threatened, I am neither a Serb nor a Bulgarian - I am a Yugoslav!\n- Aleksandur Stamboliyski
You are afraid of life, Little Man, deadly afraid. You will murder it in the belief of doing it for the sake of socialism, or national honour, or the glory of God.\n- Wilhelm Reich
The old Lie: Dulce et decorum est\n Pro patria mori.\n- Wilfred Owen
Man shapes his soul according to the climate of the times in which he lives.\n- Alexandru Cantacuzino
To be defeated and not submit, is victory; to be victorious and rest on one's laurels, is defeat.\n- Józef Piłsudski
The old world is dying. Triumphant socialism enters the audience of history.\n- Stanisław Dubois
Nationalism is a thought that is constantly being created, constantly growing, constantly absorbing new elements, constantly cleansing itself of the notions of the past day.\n- Tadeusz Bielecki
The people don't care what happens to their government because their government never really cared what happened to them.\n- Yan Xishan
If you will only fix your determination to save the country and the people, any one of you could become President or Premier.\n- Feng Yuxiang
A Social-Revolutionary without a bomb is not a Social-Revolutionary.\n- Boris Savinkov
At all times, and in all places, the death of conservatism means the death of a nation.\n- Viacheslav Lypynskyi
We emerge from the raw earth, from the soil, from the depths of our nation, and we again return to it, and we again arise.\n- Volodymyr Vynnychenko
Our lives see the twilight of the gods to whom the nineteenth century prayed. The catastrophe of 1914 has not shattered our minds in vain.\n- Dmytro Dontsov
It is the nature of the government and the people to depend on each other for life; the government is loyal to the people, and the people's trust in the government is its activity.\n- Wang Jingwei
The Chinese National Revolution should accomplish social revolution, employ the power of the party, to annihilate capitalism and to build a People's Livelihood country.\n- Chen Gongbo
The shame in history, the stain on Chinese sovereignty, the resentment and injustice of the Chinese people must be washed away. As we approach this day of victory and glory, I wish you all glory.\n- Hu Zongnan
History proves that to introduce feelings into politics is an expensive luxury.\n- Paul von Hintze
A new era is dawning: If everything is successful, the Germans will dominate the globe, if not, we are doomed until eternity!\n- Max Bauer
1866 was a duel between two gentlemen, in 1870-71 we were obliged to chastise an impudent street Arab, but today we must knock down a scoundrel.\n- Paul von Hindenburg
If the Crown Prince becomes Emperor, I will become the first Republican!\n- Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin
How quickly a Social Democrat ages! When he's 30, he's already 40; when he's 40, he's already 50; in no time, he becomes a revisionist.\n- Kurt Tucholsky
The Union of Britain is a multi-party state but, with typical English stinginess, they have only one of them.\n- Edward Rennie
Take up our quarrel with the foe: / To you from failing hands we throw\nThe torch; be yours to hold it high. / If ye break faith with us who die\nWe shall not sleep, though poppies grow / In Flanders fields.\n- John McCrae
The great only appear great because we are on our knees. Let us rise!\n- Jim Larkin
As sure as we are here we shall be Masters of Ireland in three years. We do not want party politics and politicians; we want a disciplined and well governed country. This evolution is inevitable.\n- Eoin O'Duffy
It is better to die on your feet than to live a lifetime on your knees.\n- Emiliano Zapata
Those who aspire to be eagles must look far and fly high; those who resign themselves to crawling like worms, give up the right to protest if they are crushed.\n- José Ingenieros
When I think of the International and its pure, heroic purposes, my soul catches fire just as in former days.\n- Maria Spiridonova
We Eurasians are not afraid of contradictions. We know that life is made of them. Eurasians live in oppositions.\n- Pyotr Savitsky
Utopians of all stripes - syndicalists, communists, anarchists, solidarists - promise anything and everything to anyone: before us everything was bad - under us everything will be good.\n- Ivan Solonevich
A society made up of idiots will never be a prosperous society. Give a group of devils a splendid constitution, and yet you will not make a splendid society out of it.\n- Pitirim Sorokin
The next period of world history seems to me to be fraught with dangers and storms. Look at the demon of national hatred, which bristles with bayonets all over Europe.\n- Viktor Chernov
The past of the Russian people is dark; their present is terrible, but they have a right to a future. Before us there is a light and the road is straight.\n- Ilya Fondaminsky
There can be no defeats - there can only be temporary difficulties.\n- Aleksandr Kolchak
... but what the hell do we need the sympathy of the masses for? We need an apparatus of power. And we will have it. We don't give a damn about the sympathy of the masses.\n- Dmytro Manuilsky
The revolutionary is a doomed man. He has no personal interests, no affairs, no emotions, no attachments and no name. Everything in him is wholly absorbed in the single passion for the revolution.\n- Sergey Nechayev
At a time when events of enormous historical significance are taking place, one could least of all engage in moral characterisation. It was clear to us that our place was to be with the revolution.\n- Boris Kamkov
Russia will save itself.\n- Boris Savinkov
It is very easy to foresee what will happen if the Germans win. Do you think that if tomorrow Emperor Wilhelm and his lieutenants will be the masters of Europe, then our freedom will be preserved?\n- Boris Savinkov
Exceptional people are needed, people who are imbued with love of country. A time has arrived when we must impose our will and our truth upon others by force.\n- Boris Savinkov
A soldier is forged in the flames of battle, yet without restraint, great harm will be wrought upon himself. If victory becomes routine and the gun his only resort, only ruins will he find at the end of his conquests.\n- Bai Jianwu
Military power is entrusted to others, but it is hard to take back. I will reorganise my troops and personally command them, allowing me to dominate the Southwest!\n- Zhou Xicheng
Separation of powers is the principle of democracy, and democracy is the foundation of politics. Our country is a republic; the essence of republicanism lies in the return of the power to the people.\n- Wu Peifu
It is necessary to work... I know that only the restoration of kings will save humanity corrupted by the West. Just as the earth cannot exist without heaven, so states cannot live without kings.\n- Baron Roman von Ungern-Sternberg
I do not condemn revolutions. But I do not favour premature revolutions, because they are usually wasteful and therefore unfruitful. My personal attitude is: \
To approach the foreign reactionaries is to jump into the mouth of a wolf - even small children in Mongolia know that.\n- Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj
Russia treats our country like a little child.\n- Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj
Humankind has known wandering, nomadic, ways of life; sedentary, civilized, ways of life; and other stages of development. Passing through them is like walking step-by-step up a staircase. This order should not be neglected.\n- Soliin Danzan
Liang Qichao suffers a great deal because he has abandoned his intellectual pursuits to become a minister; I would never accept any official political position as he did.\n- Hu Shih
If there is a war, there is then the matter of life and death, why should we commit to such a matter? Because we will perish if we do not have the determination to do so. If we have such determination, then we will surely live.\n- Zhang Zongchang
We will protect México from the Reactionaries, but who will protect México from us?\n- General Álvaro Obregón
The socialist of another country is a fellow-patriot, as the capitalist of my own country is a natural enemy.\n- James Connolly
From today, the motto of our cause, the watchword of true patriots, will be national sovereignty and the constitution!\n- Adolfo de la Huerta
Ideology is the nerve system of a party...the blood veins of a party...Without ideology, a party could no longer be a party.\n- Hu Hanmin
The (quest for) livelihood among people is the central (force) of history; benevolent love is the basis of that quest.\n- Dai Jitao
In order to revive the nation, it is necessary to unite all classes of people in a common struggle, in preparation for a great bloodletting.\n- Li Zongren
We can break China's vicious circle of cyclical war and peace...and develop political democracy through economic freedom.\n- Chen Cheng
The happiness of full equality is not the kind of false hope that Heaven will automatically bless every single soul on earth. Rather, it gives the human spirit the opportunity for regeneration.\n- Chen Jiongming
It is the sage who appears when the world follows the way and retires when it does not. It is the hero who retires when the world follows the way and appears when it does not.\n- Tang Jiyao
When we talk about socialism now...We start from the spiritual in order to spread a new thought, a new morality, and a new view and way of life.\n- Zhang Dongsun
Where there is man, there is thought. Where there is thought, there is the desire to express the thought. If there is the desire to speak one's mind, it cannot be denied.\n- Luo Longji
In Guangxi there is no place without mountains; there is no mountains without caves; there is no cave without bandits\n- Common Saying in Guangxi
If we (soldiers) do not volunteer to save the country and take death as the destination, it is not enough to cross the sea of suffering for our compatriots and put the country on a smooth road.\n- Li Genyuan
Military Industrial Organisations
General Purpose Manufacturer
General Purpose Designer
Optical Sights
Experimental Anti-Tank Grenades
Expanded Fragmentation Grenades
Experimental Body Armour
Experimental Anti-Vehicle Mines
Fire Selectors
LMG Rotary Feed Cylinders
Experimental Semi-Automatic Rifles
Mortar Spring-Loaded Shock Absorbers
Smoothed HMG Feeding System
Mine Tilt Rod Fuses
Heavier Mortar Strike Packages
Lighter Infantry Equipment
Incendiary Bottles
Clear Cycling Jamming Faults
Increased Fire-Rate
Increased Small Arms Fire-Rate
Repurposed Civilian Motorcycles
Incendiary Anti-Tank Ampulla-Throwers
Government Enticement
Extended SMG/LMG Magazines
Emergency Replacement Parts
Long-Life Production Run
Standardise Parts
Joint Front Line Designer-Development Teams
Influence From Competing Branches
Internal Development of Anti-Air Guns
Expanded Engineer Department
Extended Barrel Life
Increased Firing Range
Improved Repair Procedures
Simplified Iterative Design Process
Specialize in Heavy Artillery
APC Shells
Short Term Government Contracts
Long Term Government Contracts
Specialize in Siege Artillery
Specialize in Naval Artillery
Quality Manufacturing Tools
Dedicated Conversion Facilities
Decreased Shell Windage
Crane Operated Reloading Mechanism
Experimental Prototypes
Thoroughly Tested Designs
Illumination Shells
Standardised Ammunition Sizes
Increased Propellant
Interservice Competition For Material Suppliers
Interservice Cooperation
Build Our Own Facilities
Build Joint Facilities
Share Engine Design with Aircraft Department
Increased Salaries
Workplace Propaganda
Expanded Design Department
Improved Fragmentation Rockets
Improved Shrapnel Rockets
Larger Rocket Rack
Heavier Rocket Payload
Spiral Launch Frame
Recognise Survivourship Bias Reports
Weight Centered Turret Design
Composite Armour
Sturdier Alloys
Improved Dozer Equipment
Side Skurts
Telescopic Sights
Increased Muzzle Velocity
Inner-Ridged Cannon
Experimental APDS Ammunition
Reinforced Tracks
Mine-Resistant Underside
Suspension Improvements
Frontline Design Reporters
Politically Connected Designers
Spare On-Board Parts
Eliminate Small Arms Weak Spots
Refined Gearbox
Increased Internal Ammunition Capacity
Additional Space For Fuel Drums
Efficient Engine Design
Experimental HEI Ammunition
Experimental HESH Ammunition
Joint Allied Research Department
Joint Allied Production Department
Inspiration From Anti-Air Gun Designs
Longer Work Hours
Prevent Internal Armour Fragmentation
Repurposed Infantry Support Weapons
Simplify Engine Design
Cheaper Ignition Setup
Setup Additional Facilities
Adaptable Hull Design
Local Arms Factories
Earth Pits for Casting Armour
Designed Obsolesence
Experimental Radar
Expanded Fuel Storage
Reduced Torpedo Size
Torpedo Impact Testing
Attract Foreign Private Investments
Attract Government Investments
Lighter Fuselage
Experimental Fuselage Designs
Improved Materials For Radiator Cooling
Improve Engine Overheat Limit
Standardized Torpedo Locks
Heavier Torpedo Payload
Additional Minelaying Storage
Stronger Magnetic Demining Coil
Improved Aerodynamic Profile
Reduce Machine Gun Spread
Eliminate Aircraft Weak Spots
Improved Gliding Potential
Improved Ammunition Yawing
Redesigned Cockpit
Improved Turning Capabilities
Eliminate Wasteful Fuel Use
Internal Component Isolation
Increase Wing Loading Limit
Eliminate Random Engine Fires
Improved Propeller Design
Hexagonal Bombs
Cluster Munitions
Heavier Explosive Payload
Air-Ground Radar
Additional Weakspot Protection
Improved Bomb Fins
Standardise CAS Parts
Externally Mounted Bombs
Engine Turbocharger
Reinforced Undercarriage
Increased Work Hours
Eliminate Resource Waste
Material Recycling
Simplified Dissasembly Procedures
Cheaper Materials
Double Bottom
Double Hull
Additional Aircraft Spacing
Universalized Carrier Designs
Autonomous Turbine Columns
Impulse-Type Turbines
Welded Armoured Decks
Individual Fire Pumps
Fire Main Pipe
Collaborate With National Companies
Additional Fuel Capacity For Plane Catapult Module
Improve Gunnery Targetting
Improve Torpedo Targetting
Sonobuoys
Denser Small Calibre Penetration Materials
Denser Heavy Calibre Penetration Materials
Efficient Engine Designs
Simplified Internal Compartments
Simplified Ship Designs
Improved Ship Camouflage Patterns
Additional Anti-Air Weapons
Increased Fuel Efficiency
High Quality Engines
Extensive Testing
Increase Worker Salaries
Larger Externally Mounted Fuel Tanks
Stronger Tracks
Extended Engine Lifespan
Clear Gearbox Faults
Smoothed Steering
Increased Anti-Air Explosive Shell Packaging
Expanded Labour Pool
Long-Life Production Runs
Rapid Upscaling
Extreme Rapid Upscaling
Smoothen Bureaucratic Procedures
Government Contract Favouritism
Mass Produced Interchangable Armour Plates
Thicker Side Skurts
Double-Plated Side Skurts
Wedge Breechblocks
Top-Side Turret Machinegun Protection
Expanded State Investment
Thicker Armour Plating
Extensively Detailed Crew Manuals
Hire Additional Designers
Fully Cast Turret
Double Layered Armour
Ergonomic Interior
Denser Shell Tipped Penetration Materials
Increased Shell Payload
Increased Shell Velocity
Stable Firing Mechanisms
External Armour Belt
Increase Gun Calibre
Increased Passive Sonar Range
Increased Fuel Tank Capacity
Additional Anti-Air Weapon Systems
Increased Activate Sonar Range
Increased Depth Charge Inventory
Increased Depth Charge Payload
Sturdier Hulls
Dedicated Refit Bays
Dedicated Conversion Bays
Dedicated Repair Bays
Anti-Torpedo Bulge
Counter Flooding System
Flooding Boundries
Harden External Armour Belt
Isolated And Secure Magazine Storage
Regular Inspections
Reduce Propellor Noise
Improved Hydrodynamic Design
Increase Mine Capacity
Open-Cycle Propulsion
Large Torpedo Banks
Increased Contact Detonator Reliability
Longer Catapult Launch System
Longer Radar Range
High Quality Optics
Additional Radar Arrays
Additional Dockyard Facilities
Restructure Development Procedures
Prioritise Acquiring Machine Tools
Rush Design Process
Government Lobbying
Stricter Design Specifications
Space Efficient Designs
Expanded Bomb Bay
Improved Aerodynamic Bomb Profile
Invest In Aerial Mining & Demining Equipment
Increased Fuel Tank Size
Eliminate Torpedo Lock Jams
Reinforced Fuselage
High Quality Materials For Radiator Cooling
Increased Fire Accuracy
Increased Armament Fire Rate
Increased Wing Loading Limit
Redesign Engine
Fuel Efficient Engines
On-Board Fuel Tank Storage
Expanded External Fuel Tanks
R&D Department Expansion
HEAT Bombs
Improved Air Brakes
Air-Burst Turret Munitions
Increased Turret Fire Rate
Additional Turret Ammunition Storage
Increased Turret Accuracy
Bigger Bomb Bay
Simplify Dissasembly Procedures
Simplify Assembly Procedures
Inner Barrel Rifling
Increase Mine Explosive Yield
Lightweight Infantry Equipment
Increased HMG/LMG Fire Rate
Increased HMG/LMG Accuracy
Increased Recoilless Rifle Muzzle Velocity
Extended HMG/LMG Magazines
Increased Rifle Magazines
Anti-Tank Sticky Bombs
Clear Magazine Jam Faults
Simplify Mortar Designs
Simplified Bazooka Designs
Cheaper Ammunition
Standardise Optical Sights
APBC Shells
Increased Fragmentation Shell Fragments
Specialise In Heavy Artillery
APCBC Shells
Expertly Timed Fuses
Specialise In Siege Artillery
Increased Air Burst Munition Fragments
Bigger Gun Shields
Reduce Small Arms Vulnerabilities
Closed Chassis
Bullet Proof Panels
Armoured Pulpit Mount
Utilise Lighter Materials
Clear Random Engine Jams
Stress Tested Gearbox
Stress Tested Supension System
Reduced Engine Noise
Longer Barrels
Smoother Transmission
Rush Production Process
Artillery
Infantry Equipment
Motorised
Support Equipment
$available_mio_tt$\n$MIO$ ($TYPE|H$)
$unavailable_mio_tt$\n$MIO$ ($TYPE|H$)
§gMutually exclusive with $TRAIT_1|H$ and $TRAIT_2|H$§!
£GFX_trigger_yes §gHas completed trait $TRAIT|Y$§!
£GFX_trigger_no §gHas completed trait $TRAIT|Y$§!
£GFX_trigger_yes §gHas completed trait $TRAIT_1|Y$ or trait $TRAIT_2|Y$§!
£GFX_trigger_no §gHas completed trait $TRAIT_1|Y$ or trait $TRAIT_2|Y$§!
§Y[THIS.GetName]§! has at least $FUNDS$ §YFunds§!
WARNING - Missing DLCs!
You are using the 'Kaiserreich Models' submod without the required DLCs. This may result in broken models, screen flickering, and other visual issues. Please either unsubscribe from the affected submod or purchase the required DLC.[ModelsSubmodsEasternFrontWarning][ModelsSubmodsAlliedArmorWarning][ModelsSubmodsAxisArmorWarning]
Missing DLC:\n\n
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oAxis Armor Pack§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oArms Against Tyranny§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oLa Résistance§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oBy Blood Alone§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oGötterdämmerung§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oBattle for the Bosporus§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oNo Step Back§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
$models_warning_events.1.missing_dlc$§oTrial of Allegiance§!\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$
Dev Submod - Main Branch\n\n$models_warning_events.1.master_event$\n\nTo use the main branch, please make sure you have the following DLCs: Axis Armor Pack, Allied Armor Pack, Eastern Front Planes Pack, AAT, LaR, BBA, GTD, BTFB, NSB, ToA.
Understood.
WARNING - Missing Submod!
You are using one or more Kaiserreich model submods without the §oKaiserreich Models - Base Game§! submod enabled. This may result in broken models, screen flickering, and other visual issues. Please enable the submod or subscribe to it on Steam.
\n\nYou are using the §oEastern Front Plane Pack§! submod. Please make sure you have the 'Eastern Front Plane Pack' DLC purchased, or unsubscribe. This submod may cause §oscreen flickering§! if used without the planes pack!
\n\nYou are using the §oAllied Armor Pack§! submod. Please make sure you have the 'Allied Armor Pack' DLC purchased, or unsubscribe.
\n\nYou are using the §oAxis Armor Pack§! submod. Please make sure you have the 'Axis Armor Pack' DLC purchased, or unsubscribe.
Metropole Invasion Preparations
Reclaim the Birthright!
Preserve the German Order
With Blood and Iron we shall prevail!
Revolutionary Spirit
Break the Chains!
The War Feeds Itself
China's deep mountains and vast expanses challenge even the most modern systems of supply. But, where truck and train cannot reach, one will still find the people, and in their hands lie nearly everything an army needs to stay on its feet. Not all will cooperate, but this is our land and these are our people. The war effort must not be left wanting.
The Spirit of Whampoa
Although the academy that once sat in Changzhou Island in Guangzhou has since closed down, its spirit lives on in its cadets and instructors who continue to fight for the Kuomintang revolution. First proposed to Dr. Sun as an institute to train an army purely loyal to the revolution to end the party's dependence on warlord armies, it was staffed by a mixture of experienced Chinese officers, foreign instructors and veteran revolutionaries who instilled a unique military-political training befitting of a party-state. Its graduates are famous for their tenacity, ingenuity, and above all their utter dedication to the cause.
New Officers: begin with either §Y
Thunder in the Sky
Amidst the eternal waves of time, From a ripple of change shall the storm rise, Out of the abyss peer the eyes of a demon, Behold the Razgriz, its wings of black sheath!
