Guararapes Focus Tree
PD
Partido Democrata
PFN
Partido Federalista Nacional
FUP
Frente Unica Parlamentar
PCN
Partido Centralista Nacional
AIE
Ação Integralista Equatorial
URF
União Republicana Federal
PLC
Partido Liberal Confederado
AA
Aliança Anarquista
PS
Partido Sindicalista
PPMN
Partido Palmares-Maximista Nacional
Cristiano Cordeiro
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1895, in Limoeiro, Pernambuco, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCristiano Cordeiro started his career in public services early, working at the state treasury while still a law student at the University of Recife. A veteran of the syndicalist movement in Brazil, Cristiano was one of the founding members of the PSB, and worked in organising strikes both big and small in Recife for decades, while also acting in defence of the workers as a city councillor and other minor legislative positions. While he himself always positioned himself against a revolution enforced by military means, he nevertheless is the greatest syndicalist leadership in the states that form the federation, and thus was selected by its unions as its first chairman, while also receiving support from foreign syndicalists. His key policies are centred against combating hunger and extreme poverty that have devastated the states of the north ever since colonial times, but he also holds stances in favour of defending the rights and lands of the native peoples, who were the primary victims of the feudalistic practices of the local powerful landowners, the coronéis.§!
João Fernandes Campos Café Filho
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1899, in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Fernandes Campos Café Filho performed as a young man the typical path of Brazilian politics, working on journalism and studying law before managing a spot in local legislatures, but with the key difference of having played football professionally for Alecrim FC during the waning years of the Weltkrieg. Having positioned himself strongly in favour of the opposition in the interstate war, Café holds a strong belief in modernising the country, but also in democratic principles he often found were seldom respected by his peers in the old Brazilian legislatures. A Presbyterian Protestant, Café Filho is a part of a minority in the intensely Catholic Guararapes, but despite what foreign observers might infer, it's an extremely secondary matter, for his biggest issue when taking the rulership of the federation will be the local elites, the coronéis, whose influence and wealth made them historical political kingmakers in the region. He, however, counts as his ally the extremely influential João Pessoa, and has significant, even if broad, popular support for his democratic and liberal ideals.§!
Osvaldo Lima Filho
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1921, in Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Pernambico, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOsvaldo Cavalcanti da Costa Lima Filho is a young and energetic right wing radical and former member of the AIB. His political career began as early as 1936, where he partook in the street battles in Recife against syndicalist rabbles, and has since become one of the key agitators of Integralist ideology in the region. While he, like many integralists in the northeastern part of Brazil, never held any significant monarchist beliefs, the movement enjoyed his support as he saw the republic as little more than a failed experiment in its current state. Being a law graduate, Osvaldo wishes to re-establish the rule of law across the Confederation; and to do so, he prepares an extensive plan of investigations and arrests against traitors and terrorists, some of whom have roamed the nation freely for decades. To this end, he is organising a reformed secret police department, backed by the remnants of integralist militias, whose members still remember their faith and duty to God, and will not hesitate to carry out this regrettable yet necessary task to establish peace in the newly founded republic.§!
Institutional Development
Guararapes has created a complex but efficient bureaucracy.
Legacy of Prosperity
Guararapes has created a complex but efficient bureaucracy with a particular focus on economic policy.
Forced Economic Integration
Land owned by Brazilian multinationals have been seized and their assets integrated into the national economy.
Land Reform
Land owned by Brazilian multinationals have been seized and their assets integrated into the national economy.
Fighting Famine
Famine in the Northeast has been severely reduced as the result of a concerted effort by the government.
A Bright Future
Guararapes invests disproportionately in experimental military research.
General Militia
The army of Guararapes is structured mostly as a collection of militias under a unified command structure.
Knights of the Equator
The army of Guararapes is structured mostly as a collection of militias under a unified command structure. A particular emphasis is placed on mastery of the nation's varied terrain.
Confederate Navy
Our new Confederation sits at the nexus of the old world and the new. To ensure that this geographic advantage does become a liability, we should focus on expanding our navy.
Naval Production
To meet the demands of our growing navy, existing shipyards must be likewise be expanded.
Submarine Technology
Submarines, also known as U-Boats, are the great equaliser in naval combat and were critical to German victory in the Weltkrieg. We must develop our own models.
Intensified Naval Production
While our initial efforts to meet the needs of our growing navy have found some success, more facilities are still needed.
Confedrate High Admiralty
All of the world's great powers possess coordinated naval high command structures. We must develop a naval high command of our own.
Anti Submarine Flotillas
The fate we wish to inflict on our enemies with our submarine fleet may befall our own surface fleet. We must have advanced destroyers capable of combatting this threat.
Basing Effort
Our new navy will require support from the air to be truly effective. We should build a new central airbase from which to operate it.
Coastal Forts
On that black day when an enemy has defeated our fleet, only fortifications may stand between our nation and destruction. We must expand our system of coastal forts to protect against such a fate.
Articles of the Confedration
The confederal form of government we seek to create, that best fits the Northeast, is incredibly difficult to implement. Where countries like the United States have failed, our own nation shall succeed in developing a functional confederation.
Institutional Foundations
Such a complex system of government necessitates and equally complex administration. We must make a concerted effort to develop a functional bureaucracy in line with our ideals.
Rebuilding the Ecuatorial Legacy
The Northeast was the economic powerhouse of Brazil and indeed the entire Portuguese empire. So it shall be again if our government works with one mind towards such a goal.
Take over Brazilian Enterprises
With the breakup of Brazil, many enterprises became split across multiple independent regions. These new transnational groups must have their assets seized and put to use for the nation.
Land Redistribution
We must not merely assure companies based in other parts of Brazil do not control our economy, the people and domestic organisations must fully control the lands from which our food is grown.
Connect the Sertão
The Sertão lacks commercial railways, isolating many communities on its far side. We cover the land with rails and bring modernity to these communities.
Development Effort
Much of the Sertão could be developed if only the infrastructure were to be put in place. Let us study foreign methods for overcoming such adverse conditions and apply them to this vast land.
PSI Push
To promote capital spending, it has been proposed to introduce a central-bank administered loan programme. Let us implement the scheme.
Mineral Prospecting
While cities like Fortaleza possess steel foundries, iron must often be imported from afar. Let us fund expeditions to find iron deposits in the Northeast.
Battle Famine
While famine is far worse in Bahia, our own rural communities also face frequent food shortages. Let us put an end to this horrid reality.
Education Focus
The Northeast has dismally low literacy rates compared to the rest of urbanised Brazil. Let us establish a new school administration oriented towards the most impoverished regions to begin to close the gap.
Heavy Industrialisation
With the expertise necessary, we should attempt to develop the most important of sectors in our Confederacy: heavy industry.
Mobility Experiments
As war has evolved, mobility has always been key to success. Tanks are the knights of the modern age and should we wish to win on the battlefield, we will need some of our own.
Logistical Expansion
To sustain our armed forces over the course of a long campaign, substantial improvements to our logistical system will need to be made. Let not our armies fight on an empty stomach!
São Luis-Parahyba Railway
Much of the centre of the country still lacks railways, even after our efforts to improve the Sertão's infrastructure. Let us close this final gap and connect all of the confederation.
Artillery Advancements
The Weltkrieg has taught the world the importance of artillery. We shall not forget this lesson. We must have more advanced models yet.
Motorisation Efforts
To support our tanks, the infantry must be able to move quickly. We will need a large number of tracks capable of operating even in rough terrains and that will require substantial investment.
Heavy Industry Investments
The first sites of heavy industry have been established, but we require more yet. Another round of investment is needed.
Our Shining Future
The future is as bright as the minds of the people who will forge it. We must set aside funding for experimental research and develop new weapons of war and peace alike.
Confederate Air Force
While the air force was previously established to support the navy, the need for an independent service filling a variety of roles is clear.
Confedrate Air Academy
Our new naval academy has done wonders to further our doctrine. It must be expanded to train future officers for our new air force.
Aerial Superiority
Our air force relies on fighters which are completely outclassed by those of our enemies. We must do all we can to remedy this.
Bomber Effort
Should we ever need to strike beyond our borders with any effectiveness, we will need to develop sufficient bomber designs. While for a nation such as ours this may be difficult, it must be done.
Naval Support
Larger bases are needed from which to launch our increasingly robust fleet of naval-support aircraft.
Naval Academy
With the navy well established and the political situation ironed-out, we must increase the proficiency of our admiralty. To do this, we should establish a central naval academy.
Confederate Army
In line with our deeply principled and unique structure, our army must be constituted in a way totally unlike Brazil's or any other nation for that matter.
Guararapes Militia
Each region of the confederation must have the liberty to recruit its own regional militia with localities where they operate responsible for training. However, these militias shall be under our central command structure and made to give an oath of loyalty only to the central government.
Defend What is Ours
The militias, drawing from the common man rather than some military class like in the past, possess deep knowledge of the land. This knowledge and their desire to defend their homes above all shall make them all that much more effective when enemies come to our shore.
Recruitment Effort
To kick start the expansion of the army, we will need volunteers. We should put out a call to serve to the population with generous pay.
Equipment Renewal
The outdated equipment inherited from Brazil are insufficient to meet the needs of a modern army. To kickstart the total overhaul of our armaments, we should improve our small arms.
Artillery Upgrades
The giant guns of the Weltkrieg were responsible for the vast majority of casualties in that war. We must have our own such pieces.
Army Doctrine Revision
Our rapidly evolving army must be put to proper use. We must investigate the various doctrines embraced by other countries and adapt one for our own purposes.
Confederate Special Forces
The regions of the confederation each impart upon their people different skills. Drawing on this diversity we should invest in the creation of elite commando units to support the militias.
Guararápes
Guará
Guararápes
Union of Palmares
Palmarense
the Union of Palmares
Union of Palmares
Palmarense
the Union of Palmares
Union of Palmares
Palmarense
the Union of Palmares
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Guararápes Confederation
the Guararápes Confederation
Confederation of the Equator
Equatorian
the Confederation of the Equator
Democratising Our Administration
In order to break with the old reactionary regime we must get rid of their influence in every corner of our new nation. The administration needs to be democratised, the teachers re-educated and the army restructured. A part of this process is to remove the honours they have awarded to jingoist slaughterers like Otto von Bismarck and Paul von Hindenburg, with the greatest examples being the countless Bismarck memorial towers all over our nation as well as the city of Hindenburg. Our president has come forward with the suggestion to name it in honour of Karl Marx, while the locals preferred to keep the preposterous name.
Rename it in honour of Karl Marx.
A name to represent its industrial background.
Restoring the Old Order
After defeating our socialist foes it is time to restore order on the local level as well. Their regime changed the names of the places, streets and boulevards named after heroes of our nation, because they were deemed unrepresentative or counter-revolutionary. Their original names shall be restored.
It shall be Hindenburg forever.
German Request for Independence
The German government has spent a significant amount of time building itself up. For once, it seems like that it is no longer being regarded as a client state of ours. Perhaps it is finally time we fully grant them independence, free from our oversight.
They have earned it.
The Germans cannot be trusted.
Operation: Bruder
Our client state in Germany has been attempting to foment a revolution in Austria lately. Their actions are sure to bring about a war between them and the Austrians. We should consider whether we are ready for such a war.
Approve the operation.
Tell them to stand down.
Operation: Vetter
Our client state in Germany has been attempting to foment a revolution in Poland lately. Their actions are sure to bring about a war between them and the Polish. We should consider whether we are ready for such a war.
Approve the operation.
Tell them to stand down.
Operation: Schwester
Our client state in Germany has been attempting to foment a revolution in Prussia lately, attempting to stoke the flames of German reunification. Their actions are sure to bring about a war between them and the Prussian government. We should consider whether we are ready for such a war.
Approve the operation.
Tell them to stand down.
BNS
Bund Nationaler Syndikalisten (League of National Syndicalists)
GRK
Gruppe Rote Kämpfer (Red Fighters Group)
GRK
Gruppe Rote Kämpfer (Red Fighters Group)
Sopade
Der Parteivorstand der Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands im Exil - Sopade (Party Executive of the Social Democratic Party of Germany in Exile - Sopade)
Freiburger Kreis
Freiburger Kreis (Freiburg Circle)
Freiburger Kreis
Freiburger Kreis (Freiburg Circle)
Katholische Tatgemeinschaft
Katholische Tatgemeinschaft (Catholic Action Community)
NFD
Nationalkomitee Freies Deutschland (National Committee for a Free Germany)
NFD
Nationalkomitee Freies Deutschland (National Committee for a Free Germany)
NFD
Nationalkomitee Freies Deutschland (National Committee for a Free Germany)
FAUD
Freie Arbeiter Union Deutschlands (Free Workers' Union of Germany)
SP
Sozialistische Partei Deutschlands (Socialist Party of Germany)
SP
Sozialistische Partei Deutschlands (Socialist Party of Germany)
SPD
Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands (Social Democratic Party of Germany)
LVP
Liberale Volkspartei (Liberal People's Party)
DVP
Deutsche Volkspartei (German People's Party)
CVP
Christliche Volkspartei (Christian People's Party)
DB
Deutscher Block (German Bloc)
DB
Deutscher Block (German Bloc)
DvP
Deutschvölkische Partei (German Völkisch Party)
DsP
Deutschsozialistische Partei (German Socialist Party)
Germany
German
Germany
Free Socialist Republic of Germany
the Free Socialist Republic of Germany
Free Socialist Republic of Germany
the Free Socialist Republic of Germany
Free Socialist Republic of Germany
the Free Socialist Republic of Germany
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German State
the German State
German State
the German State
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
Puppet Germany Focus Tree
Risen From The Ruins
Open the GCC
Rehabilitate the Reformist Majority
Cull Reactionary Influence
Redraw Volksstaat Borders
Pass on the Torch
The Victory of Spartacism
The Duality of Party & Union
Völkism And Syndicalism
Empower the Left Opposition
Enforce Party Unity
Invite the Kautskyists
Begin the Bodenreform
Actionist Direction of the Party
Expel Anarchist Dissidents
Destroy the Landowning Class
Planned Farming Cooperatives
Maintain Sorelian Orthodoxy
Pursue Völkisch Organisation
Harness the German National Energies
Purge Bureaucratic Syndicalists
Appeal to the Peasantry
Enshrine Councilist Doctrine
Build the New German Nation
Begin the Remilitarisation
Rebuild Wartime Industry
Sword and Shield of the Working Class
Expand the Volkspolizei
A Red Mitteleuropa
Hire Abteilung IIIb Veterans
Establish the Volkswehrkräfte
Radicalise the Austromarxists
Liberate Prussian Workers
Instigate Revolution in Poland
German Unity Over Prussian Tyranny
Purchase Third Internationale Planes
The Dream of Reunification
Eastern Flank of the Third Internationale
The Question of Independence
Finish the Revolution
Free Socialist Germany
Facing the Future
The Federal German Republic
The Second German Empire
A Truly Democratic Constitution
A Federation of Equals
A President of the People
The First Free Elections
The Democratic Left
Beschäftigungsprogramm
Never Another Betrayal
The Second Demokratische Union
The Grand Domestic Reform
The Circus of the Right
The Liberal People's Party
The Liberal Welfare State
Our Business Allies
The Dream of 1848
Our Natural Allies
The Christian People's Party
Leaving the Tower
The Christian Union Tradition
Modern Christian Democracy
Volkskonservative Doctrine
The German Bloc
Living in Religion
Renewed Imperial Spirit
The Seat of the Presidency
The Farmer's Germany
Synchronization of Power
Form the National Bloc
End the Monopolies
Nationalism and Liberalism
The German People's Party
The German Volksstaat
Building the Wehrstaat
Begin the Pacification Campaign
Nationalise Our Industrial Might
A Unified Secret Police
Building the Civilian Bureaucracy
Legacy of Prussian Stratocracy
German National Populism
Rally the Yellow Unions
Enforce a Loyal Officer Corps
Create the Chamber of Estates
Curtail the DSP
Verpo Agents Around Every Corner
Infiltrate the Military
Found the Unification Army
Looking to the Reformists
Rehabilitating \
Memories of a United Germany
Rebuilding the German Panzer Corps
Anti-Syndicalist Retoric
Cull National Populist Infiltration
The Volkskrieg
Relight the Furnace
Importing Modern Doctrine
Request Independence
Pursue Unification
Occupation Government
Burgeoning Government
Young Communist Government
Young Unionist Government
Young National Syndicalist Government
Enshrined Communist Government
Enshrined Spartacist Government
Enshrined National Syndicalist Government
Scars of the Second Weltkrieg
Lingering Reactionary Influence
Active Socialist Resistance
True Socialist Trade Unions
Non-existant Standing Army
ADGB Dominance
Beginnings of Bodenrefrom
Moderate Land Reform
Collectivised Land Reform
The German National Energy
Nationalist Land Reform
Socialised Land Reform
Enshrined Councilist Thought
Abwehr
Industrial Heart of Europe
Disorganised Militias
Militarised Policeforce
Established Volkswehrkräfte
Professional Volkswehrkräfte
Young Democratic Government
Weak Social Democrat Government
Strong Social Democrat Government
Weak Liberal Democrat Government
Strong Liberal Democrat Government
Weak Christian Democrat Government
Strong Christian Democrat Government
Weak National Democrat Government
Strong National Democrat Government
Weak Conservative Democrat Government
Strong Conservative Democrat Government
A Federation of Equals
The Power of the President
Recovering Welfare State
Improving Welfare State
Model Welfare State
Beschäftigungsprogramm
Revitalised Christian Unionism
Anti-Trust Laws
Pietist Spirit
Nationalist Fervour
German Unification Complete
Streitkräfte von Deutschland
National Pacification Campaign
Young Stratocratic Government
The Volksstaat
The Wehrstaat
Loyal Officer Corps
Fanatical Officer Corps
Modern German Peasantry
Disorganised High Command
Legacy of the Reformists
Die Fronde Army
Anti-National Populism
Totaler Krieg
Anti-Socialist Fervour
Internationale Planes
§CThe General Council Convention will begin.§!
§CThe General Council Convention will end in [ROOT.GETNAMEDEF].\nThe ideology of [ROOT.GETNAMEDEF]'s overlord will determine who will run the civilian government.§!
§CElections will be held in [ROOT.GETNAMEDEF].\nThe ideology of [ROOT.GETNAMEDEF]'s overlord will influence who will win the Election.§!
§CGranting Germany independence will allow them to pursue unification without our mediation.§!
Guatemala Focus Tree
Partido Comunista de Guatemala (Communist Party of Guatemala)
PCG
Comité Pro Acción Sindical (Committee for Trade Union Action)
CPAS
Partido Comunista de Guatemala (Communist Party of Guatemala)
PCG
Partido Renovación Nacional (National Renovation Party)
PRN
Frente Popular Libertador (Popular Liberation Front)
FPL
Partido Liberal Federalista (Liberal Federalist Party)
PLF (Civil)
Partido Unionista (Unionist Party)
PU
Partido Liberal Federalista (Liberal Federalist Party)
PLF (Militar)
Partido Liberal Progresista (Progressive Liberal Party)
PLP
Partido Liberal Progresista (Progressive Liberal Party)
PLP (Universitarios)
Socialist Compensation
The Socialists within Guatemala have been protesting with Mexican funding ever since the Dockyard and Railroad strikes, resulting in the government being forced to compensate the Socialists with empty reforms and changes often.
Socialist Compensation
The Socialists within Guatemala have been protesting with Mexican funding ever since the Dockyard and Railroad strikes, resulting in the government being forced to compensate the Socialists with empty reforms and changes often.
United Fruit Company
The United Fruit Company has held a tight grip on Guatemalan politics and economy ever since Cabrera's dictatorship in 1898. While Guatemala has seen significant economic development as a result, it causes the United Fruit Company to hold Guatemala's fate in the balance.
§CShare of Land Controlled by UFC:§! [?UFC_power|Y%%0]\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: [?GUA_UFC_modifier|+=]\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?GUA_UFC_construction_speed|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: [?GUA_UFC_consumer_goods|H=%1]\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?GUA_UFC_modifier|+=%]
United Fruit Company
Illiteracy
Illiteracy has deeply affected Guatemala. While at the start of Orellana's regime the illiteracy rate was at 96%, the number has dropped down to 75%, mainly due to the reforms initiated in the country. However, this is still a problem, and it will likely haunt us until severe reforms are made.
Compensated Illiteracy
After many educational reforms, heavy investments, and even resorting to inviting foreign intellectuals to work in Guatemala, Orellana managed to bring down our crippling illiteracy to manageable levels.
Black Monday
While Black Monday did not affect us that badly, we still need to fill the holes in our economy that were formed in the wake of US companies leaving or downsizing.
Militarised State
More and more schools are having a military character, monthly parades are being displayed, and most political positions are held by military men. The army of Guatemala became de facto the single political party left, and the people are starting to accept living in such a society.
Increased Immigration
Specialised Production
Streamlined Gun Production
The Spirit of Sacrifice
Army Workers
Swarm the Skies
University Investments
El Presidente Eterno
Heavy Educational Investments
A True Guatemalan Industry
Cult of Personality
The New Guatemalan Constitution
The Workers Economy
Repairing Guatemala
The Shackled Emperor
Tamed the UFC
Beacon of Liberty
Towards the Vital Minimum
Improved Research
A Workers' Paradise
The Doctrine of Spiritual Socialism
Restoring Control over the Army
Recovery from the Civil War
The overthrow of the two-decade-long president Manuel Estrada Cabrera in 1920 and the overthrow of the Unity Party afterwards has led to a decade-long dictatorship under José María Orellana. Through various compromises, he has been able to keep power by a string through the Americans and various outside influences. However, the rise of Sandino in Nicaragua has caused extreme trouble for his presidency as socialist movements begin to grow and the Unity Party officials begin to ally with elements of the military. Orellana's dictatorship might have its string cut soon.
GFX_GUA_intro
Intro to Guatemala
Guatemala's political chaos started in 1898, when Manuel Estrada Cabrera came into power. Cabrera's “Liberal” party had a deep control over the government, with all elections up until 1920 being rigged towards the Liberal Federalist party under Cabrera. This period also vastly increased the influence of the United Fruit Company, an American owned business focused on increasing the amount of exports towards America for cheaper prices.\n\nThis changed in 1920, when the Liberal party faced extreme opposition following earthquakes in 1918 that destroyed the industry Cabrera had setup. His lack of response resulted in the Conservatives within the country forming the Unionist Party, with the people running the party consisting of José Azmitia, Tácito Molina, Eduardo Camacho, Julio Bianchi and Emilio Escamilla, while also being supported by the Catholic church within Guatemala.\n\nThe Unionist Party prepared the “Three-Fold Act”, which was the founding policy of the party, and they distributed these in Guatemala City on the New Year of 1920. This led to an extreme rise of the popularity of the Unionists, with protests occurring outside the capital on March 11th, 1920, with the crowd being fired upon and the populace left more angered than before. The final straw was in 1920, when Adrián Vidaurre, President of the National Assembly, declared Cabrera unfit to rule and deposed him, though still facing fierce resistance from Cabrera's supporters. They thereby made Carlos Herrera President of Guatemala.\n\nHerrara balanced a very careful political tightrope due to him having Liberal aligned views while representing the Unionist Party. This tightrope snapped in 1921, when he critically upset the Liberal party by refusing to offer concessions the UFC, resulting in a military coup led by José María Orellana. He represented the needs and demands of the Liberal Party, offering concessions to the UFC the following year.\n\nThe political situation has completely stagnated since then, with Orellana ruling over his regime while balancing the needs of both the left and right. Guatemala now stands frozen...
§MLiberal Federalistas§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$) / §MLiberal Progresistas§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Do not prepare for elections in the Letter of the 311 event to keep Orellana and the §aPartido Liberal Federalista§! in power.\n£white_dot Or, prepare for elections to have Ubico coup the government with the §PPartido Liberal Progresista§!.\n£white_dot Focus on rooting out the opposition in the Opening Strategies event.\n£white_dot Advance onward to Quetzaltenango in the Choosing a Target event.\n£white_dot We will win the civil war and secure our rule.\n\n§MComunistas§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$) / §MUnionistas§! ($social_conservative_coloured$) / §MPartido Renovación Nacional§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Secure the temporary borders in the Opening Strategies event.\n£white_dot Advance onward to Quetzaltenango in the Choosing a Target event.\n£white_dot The §SPartido Renovación Nacional§! will win the civil war.\n£white_dot Choose the desired party when elections are held.\n\n§MUFC Counter-Revolution§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Secure the temporary borders in the Opening Strategies event.\n£white_dot Advance onward to Quetzaltenango in the Choosing a Target event.\n£white_dot The §SPartido Renovación Nacional§! will win the civil war.\n£white_dot In the elections, choose either the §RPartido Comunista de Guatemala§! or the §SPartido Renovación Nacional§!.\n£white_dot Have Ubico defeat the government in the Counter-Revolution.
$CEN_pre_guide$
Black Monday hits us!
Black Monday has hit the United States, making their economic recession even worse. Ripples are being felt all across Central America, our crops remain unsold and US companies shrink in size to avoid bankruptcy.
What will this mean for Guatemala?
Legal Issues
Several peasants sued the United Fruit Company and certain provincial governors on flimsy grounds such as having their land sold by other parties without their knowledge, local governors seizing their land for the UFC without sensible reason, and ignoring the last wills for heirless people. It is obvious that the socialists pressured these peasants, instructing them to push their claims and helping them with the legal fees.
Listen to their pleas, return the land and try to do something about corruption.
These are surely just made up excuses!
The American Civil War
The American Civil war has broken out! Our biggest trading partner disappeared almost overnight. UFC officials are scrambling to save as much as they can in the chaos, selling off assets to stabilise their situation. Their support for Orellana has weakened considerably; a dark cloud now looms on the horizon of Guatemala.
Guatemala will survive.
Letter of the 311
A group of democrats and socialists, mainly composed of university students, wrote a letter designated to President Orellana asking for his resignation and for free elections to start as soon as possible. Orellana knows his support is dwindling whilst the democratic movement has militarised and started talks with the socialists to declare open revolt to bring 'freedom' to Guatemala, with this letter just being the tipping point of the tensions. If the government rejects this apparently 'heart-felt' letter coming from the future of Guatemala, civil war is all but inevitable.
Start preparing for elections as soon as possible, to avert disaster.
This is just a socialist conspiracy! Guatemala will not be corrupted!
Ubico's Coup
Seeing the weakness of Orellana and the inevitable elections that would bring socialists into government, the popular hardline general Jorge Ubico Castañeda has entered the capital with his loyal army and deposed Orellana. As soon as the news hit the country, the democratic-socialist coalition, the National Renovation Party, started taking direct control of several cities and declared Ubico's regime illegitimate, starting a civil war. Some of the more moderate people, appalled by Ubico's power grab, joined their cause along with the Conservatives, who have been a long-standing rival of the Liberals.
Ubico will save us from socialism!
Ubico's Speech to the People
Several days after the coup, as he managed to stabilise his rule in the capital, Ubico gave a speech to the people of Ciudad de Guatemala:\n\n'Fellow Guatemalans, I come to you in the wake of recent events to issue a call to reason. Let no Guatemalan deny the perils of our time. While we battle one another, divided by the petty strife of our common history, the tide of a greater conflict is turning against us, threatening to destroy all that we have accomplished. It is time for us as individuals to set aside our long-standing feuds and unite. The tides of an unwinnable war are upon us, and we must seek refuge upon higher ground, lest we be swept away by the flood.\n\nThe United States of America is no more! Whatever semblance of unity and protection it once provided is a phantom, a memory. With our enemies left unchecked, who will you turn to for protection? The devastation wrought by the communists and conservatives is self-evident. We have seen our cities occupied by the National Renovation Party. We have seen firsthand our friends and loved ones shackled by them. Unprecedented and unimaginable though they may be, these are the signs of our time.\n\nThe time has come, my fellow Guatemalans, to rally to a new banner. In unity lies strength. Out of the many we shall forge an indivisible whole, answering only to a single throne, and from that throne, I shall watch over you.'\n\nThe booing of the supporters of the PRN were drowned in the standing ovations of the crowds.
We will fight for Guatemala! For Ubico!
Opening Strategies
As the chaos throughout the country subsided, vast areas have ended up controlled by the National Renovation Party. They are trying to expand their position in an aggressive manner, and underground cells have formed in most cities that still are nominally loyal to us. What would be the best course of action?
Secure the temporary borders, not one mile will be ceded!
Focus on rooting out opposition in the Capital.
Choosing a Target
[getgua8], the military staff had to decide their strategy for the war. Would they advance directly on the mountainous makeshift rebel capital of Quetzaltenango, ending the rebellion fast but in a very costly assault, or try to starve the rebels by moving onwards to Ciudad de Belize and then cut them off from the Mexican border, isolating them?
They will fall like flies, onward to Quetzaltenango!
We shouldn't waste honourable Guatemalan lives in vain, starve the rebels into submission.
After we secured our borders
After Ciudad de Guatemala and other urban centres were cleared of any rebel presence
The Siege of Ciudad de Belize
As the rebel defences are overstretched, the concentrated blow to their main port in Belize went by with no issues. We registered barely any losses, and already started marching to the Mexican border to encircle whatever remains of the rebel forces, as their resources grow scarcer. While it is obvious to all parties involved that Mexico heavily assists the rebellion, the spineless socialists will surely not declare war to protect their proteges, even when their means of supporting the rebels will disappear.
The rebels know their demise is imminent.
The Assault on the Capital
As our troops were finishing securing the border with Mexico, the rebels moved against Ciudad de Guatemala! This time it was them pouring all their resources into a final attack to make us flee from the capital and break our will. With a good chunk of our forces guarding the western border, this fight will be a hard one. Some generals even suggested letting them in the capital, fighting them in the streets, buying time for our forces to occupy the now virtually defenceless rebel land.
We will never let them enter Ciudad de Guatemala!
It would be better for our long term goals to dye our capital red with blood.
The End of the Civil War
After weeks of fighting in the streets of Ciudad de Guatemala, our troops managed to return to the capital, encircling the rebels, forcing their surrender. Our victorious president called for a parade the very next day. Through the bloody streets of Guatemala, the troops paraded valiantly, holding the Guatemalan flag up high, to the cheers of the people, who can taste peace at last. [getgua12d]
[getgua12a]
The government started working towards making the civil war just a painful memory, and continue the path to a better Guatemala, as they did for the last 18 years, all under the guiding hand of Orellana, our dear president.
The government already started working on plans to help the country heal and recover, preparing to enter a new era, all under the guiding hand of Ubico.
Long live our President!
Peace, at last. Praise Ubico!
A Statue for Our Victor
As Ciudad de Guatemala is being rebuilt, the people (mainly high-class aristocracy) expressed their earnest desire for a statue dedicated to [GUA_surname], to immortalise his role as the man who stopped the socialists from ruining Guatemala. It would be built in the likeness of the heroes of old, with [GUA_surname] on a fine steed, holding his sabre forward.
We are truly grateful.
Rebuilding Ciudad de Guatemala
As Ciudad de Guatemala was badly damaged by the final skirmish with the rebels, a big reconstruction project has commenced. [GUA_surname] wants to make the roads better and wider, to prepare Guatemala to be a capital for a larger Central America. However, more sceptical members of the government proposed a more sensible plan, to increase the defences of the capital, to never again have such a bloodbath happen inside its borders.
Guatemala will never again be threatened, rebuild it with grandeur!
Better to be conservative and protect the capital from further threats.
Civil War!
The National Renovation Party has used the days since the letter to prepare themselves to declare open revolt! They were joined by the communists and conservatives and managed to take over Quetzaltenango and Ciudad de Belize, with most of the land between them and the Mexican border. The government is in disarray trying to come up with a plan to stabilise the situation and defeat the rebels.
Rebel scum!
Disaster!
Quetzaltenango proved to be a formidable fortress. The loyalist armies were bogged down in its defensive layers and were incurring much heavier losses than the rebels. Feeling desperate, the government sent more and more troops to help the siege. After the defences of Ciudad de Guatemala were thinned enough, the PRN members hiding in the city came out and managed to take out the lightly protected leadership! The higher echelons fell into anarchy, with most of them escaping while the rebel alliance took hold of the country. Hearing this news, the army, tired after the fighting, held the white flag.
Long live Guatemalan Freedom!
Victory!
The fighting was brutal. The rebels made Quetzaltenango into a formidable fortress. We incurred heavy losses. We needed to pledge all our reserves to the fight. The capital was virtually undefended. However, we succeeded. We broke through their lines yesterday, and captured their leaders. As most rebels were in this city, the rebellion was effectively broken. After a brief respite, the army marched in the rest of the country and made sure all the remaining pockets were defeated.
Guatemala finds peace, at last!
The Cost of Pride
Refusing to let the rebels taint the capital, the defenders rallied in front of Ciudad de Guatemala. The battle was a bloody one, with many loses on both sides, but the numerical superiority of the rebels won over the smaller defending army. When it was clear that the rebels would win, the government escaped the capital, leaving it open to be liberated by the rebel alliance. Hearing this news, the rest of the army, scattered around the Mexican border, agreed to lay down their arms and swear allegiance to the new government.
Freedom, at last!
Elections of [GetYear]
Elections are a healthy part of any democracy. Unfortunately in Guatemala, they have rarely been fair, with the opposition either non-existent or heavily disadvantaged and electoral violence. A major event in Guatemala's democratic spring will occur with the holding of free and fair elections. The Revolutionary Coalition, having served its purpose in overthrowing the Liberal dictatorship and restoring order after the civil war, will be disbanded and each party will run in the election. It will likely be a close affair with each party having separate and established support bases: the Unionist party appeals to conservative, religious folk, the PRN represents the progressive youth, and the PCG aims to sway the workers and peasants.
Spiritual Socialism and the PRN will lead Guatemala into the future
Vitalism and the Central American dream reign supreme.
In an upset, the PCG come out on top.
The Counter-Revolution!
Ubico returned with an army of mercenaries paid for by the UFC! He landed in Belize and started to march towards the capital, while we're trying to prepare defences to meet him in battle, even though we're very weakened due to the previous civil war.
Ubico defeats the government!
Ubico is stopped, the revolution is saved!
Naval Disaster
As the Guatemalan navy finally had more than one lonely ship, they were sent out to do formation training. However, the sheer incompetence of the newly trained sailors resulted in one of the ships hitting the other during targeting training, forcing it to capsize. Fearful of an adverse reaction from the people that so much money has gone to waste, Ubico's propaganda machine tried to spin it as a reenactment of the battle of Trafalgar.
That's an... interesting turn of events.
Nobody Had The Guts To Leave The Temple!
The legacy of extravagance and hedonism that president Cabrera embodies still remains scattered throughout Guatemala in the form of Minervan Temples. These buildings were used for Fiestas Minervalias, a holiday of Cabrera's own design. There were children singing, dances, and very unchristian attractions to behold in those days. Now the temples are deserted, and local priests ensure that no festivities are held. This would be the end of their use, if not for our inventive government. They have proposed we convert these halls of vice into baseball fields for children, or build them up into housing. The right would prefer to see them as baseball fields, while the left sees our housing issue as important enough to build up.
Baseball Fields.
Houses.
Conflicts in the Unionist Party
Today, a faction of the Unionist Party led José Azmitia and another led by Lázaro Chacón González have entered into an open conflict due to disagreements over the power of the President in the country. While González defends a more centralised state that gives more power to the president, Azmitia fears that this will just turn González into just another dictator for Guatemala, and their differences have finally spilled over to their followers that have openly clashed. However, both men had a meeting and have made joint public statement claiming they have reconciled their differences in order to keep the country up and running. It is not clear however if they have truly reconciled or they are just banding together out of necessity...
Let's hope they have truly reconciled.
Furthering of Central American thought
One of the main objectives of the Unionist party has been since its inception to reinforce the idea of a Central American way of thinking, as well as establishing Guatemala as a key player in the independence of Central America as a whole. While the process to introduce these concepts will be slow, we're starting to see the first signs of improvement in our schools, where now many remember Guatamala as the leader of the Central American independence movement.
The Unionistas are achieving their goals.
Dealing with Arévalo
With our alliance with the PCG now being broken, we have to deal with the remains of the PRN that kept us together. Juan José Arévalo, leader of the PRN and the man who tried to keep the PU and the PCG together against authoritarianism now stands questioned by his actions during such times of crisis. While he has certainly helped us to strengthen our position and take over power, he also provided aid for the PCG, even sometimes taking their side on internal arguments during our coalition days, and he might have flocked to their side if they had taken over instead of us. It is for this that many in our party are distrustful of Arévalo, and demand us to exile him from the country as a traitor. What should we do?
Exile him, he has no place here.
We all make mistakes, He is still an Ally.
Introducing Miss Chiquita
The banana as foodstuffs is no longer an exotic good to American buyers. This was expected after several decades of business. What isn't expected is competition from the likes of Dole in Hawaii to stir the pot in his favour. We commissioned Dik Browne to design a mascot for our banana division that will recapture the attention of young people. Her name is Miss Chiquita, and her song and dance now adorn radio broadcasts and newspapers across America. Sales are up as well.
Even the Jingle works.
Phantom Assassins Plot Against Ubico!
A plot to assassinate our beloved Ubico has been found out by our intelligence service today. It detailed an extremely elaborate plan to infiltrate the Casa Crema and poison The President. However, our intelligence service hasn't been able to identify the perpetrators yet, and as the rumours of the conspiracy have conveniently reached the press, we need to choose a scapegoat to blame for the scandal.
The Socialists are behind this.
The Liberals are behind this.
The UFC will obtain $RIGHT|Y0%%$ of our land!\n
The UFC will obtain §Y70%§! of our land!\n
The UFC will lose $RIGHT|Y0%%$ of our land!\n
§RThis will enrage the military.§!
§GYou will also lose any other illiteracy ideas you previously had.§!
§RThis assault might cost us dearly if the Capital has not been secured.§!
§RWe will march our army towards Belize then stretch our numbers across the Mexican border. The rebels will likely launch a desperate assault.§!
Ubico
Orellana
§RReactionary elements will organise against such a progressive government§!.
§RThe letter of the 311 was given to Orellana.§!
§YOrellana won the civil war!§!
§YUbico won the civil war!§!
§YThe Revolutionary Coalition won the civil war!§!
§YUbico has been brought to power after the successful revolution.§!
Orellana's Speech
As a new year starts, the 'Eternal' president Orellana has started the year giving a speech on the importance of state investment into several projects, namely industrialisation, improvements on the educational budget and improving the security forces capabilities to deal with socialist extremists. He has, however, not specified which would take priority over the others...
Industrial Investments
In the modern world, only industrialised countries can be successful, and Guatemala has had for a long time a simple agrarian society. If we wish to move forward as a nation, we need to focus our efforts in an industrialisation programme. Luckily, we can grant some small concessions to the UFC in order to get the capital we need to kickstart the project.
New Development Schemes
As our industrialisation programme starts to bring us profits, we have devised a series of new development schemes that could change the way we construct our industrial parks and infrastructure. Our trade partners in the UFC have informed us that if we grant them a few more concessions, they'd continue to fund the development of Guatemala. Our country is lucky to have such a generous trade partner as the UFC!
Attract Migrants
Guatemala is a small nation, and while we have one of the largest populations of Central America, our industrialisation efforts paired up with our old agrarian initiatives have stretched our work force very thin. We need to start promoting immigration to our country if we wish to continue our ambitious economic plans.
Greatly Increase Education Budget
Despite Orellana's past efforts, illiteracy rates in Guatemala are still cripplingly high. As our country improves, we now lack a professional workforce to operate the many new jobs, and while we can still import professionals from other countries, we have the potential to rely on ourselves if we deal with our illiteracy issues. With this objective in mind, Orellana has decreed a drastic increase in the education budget.
Promote the Teaching Profession
We won't solve illiteracy by just increasing education spending. We face a severe shortage of teachers and professors in our country, forcing many of current teachers to work overtime at multiple schools. With this in mind, we shall begin a massive increase to their wages in order to promote the teaching profession.
Import American Know-How
Our investments are proving to be successful, and our illiteracy rates are steadily dropping. However, change has been gradual, and we have a rather high demand at the moment for technical know-how. For the time being, we should hire American experts to meet our demand. At least our nation can produce sufficient professionals of its own.
Tighten the Mexican Border
Mexican support for Central American socialism could prove dangerous if left unchecked. We shall reinforce the border security procedures, and double the border patrols in order to protect our country from the vile Mexican influence. It will also assure us that the Syndicalist rebels don't cross the border towards Mexico in order to get training or rally support for their cause.
Start Revoking Socialist Reforms
Many politicians in the past have introduced socialist reforms that are now hindering our modernisation efforts and disrupt the activities of our trade partners, the UFC. We shall start eroding these reforms little by little until we can remove them completely from our work code, giving us greater freedom to carry out reforms without being hindered by such naïve concepts like 'welfare' or 'job security'.
Intensify Anti-Socialist Propaganda
Many citizens, fuelled by syndicalist propaganda, have come to doubt our efforts to improve our fair nation. We need to remind our populace who makes our country great and who protects our nation from falling to godless syndicalism, and in order to do so we shall begin a massive propaganda campaign to remind our citizens of our duty to them and our nation.
La Carta de los 311
'(...) Guatemala cannot escape the democratic imperatives of our time. It is impossible to frustrate with coercive measures the irrepressible impulses of the generous ideology that is reaffirming itself in the universal conscience through the bloodiest of the struggles between oppression and freedom in America.'
The Orellanan Government Lives On
Despite all odds, the Orellanan government has survived the popular outrage of the letter of the 311, and has managed to restore control over the nation. Larga Vida al Eterno Presidente!
Finish Taking out the Traitors
Despite having severely weakened them with our victory during the revolt, we cannot underestimate the influence our enemies hold on the nation. If we want to secure a prosperous future for Guatemala, we will need to finish hunting them down through mountains, forests and cities. Only then our nation will know peace!
Expand the Martial Law
Martial law at the beginning enacted merely a curfew and the usage of military force if needed to subdue any dissidence. However, as the uprising proved, this martial law wasn't as effective as we thought, and we will have to invest into strengthening the executive power of said martial law in order to guarantee a fast reaction against dissidents.
Orellana, El Presidente Eterno
President Orellana is slowly becoming a symbol of resilience in our nation. Despite all odds, he has managed to remain as president of our nation, and he will surely lead for many years to come. No longer shall we be tied to pesky politicians that banish after their term is over. Orellana is eternal. Viva el Presidente!
Realise Our True Potential
With the defeat of the rebels, there's no one to oppose our reforms to take Guatemala to new heights. Now we need to begin an ambitious new set of public works in order to boost Guatemala's industry and infrastructure. This way we can reduce less on our agriculture, and more on our industrial output.
Education is the Basis of Success
One of the main objectives of the Orellana government is to improve the overall education in the nation and reduce the illiteracy rates. Now, with a strengthened government, Orellana has announced a new funding frenzy for University projects, schools and an increase on teacher's wages. This will surely bring us up to speed with the rest of the world!
Stability and Prosperity
The two main axis of the new Orellanan government will be 'Estabilidad y Prosperidad'. The first one, stability, ensured by the recent victory over the dissidents, and the other, prosperity, shall be brought about by Orellana's careful investments programme, along with our industrialisation efforts.
A Brighter Tomorrow
With our reforms passed and our position consolidated, Guatemala's future shines bright as Orellana lights the way for our nation. We can only wish now that he stays forever at the helm.
Ubico Takes the Throne
After managing to survive through the weakness that the Orellana government had, Ubico has managed to seize total control of Guatemala after squashing the Democratic rebels. Long live the General Ubico!
Renew the Good Relations with the UFC
After some ups and downs between the Orellana government and the UFC, Ubico has set out to renew the good relations the UFC had during the Cabrera regime. For this, we shall contact the company and inform them that we're open for business once again and like never before!
Eradicate the Opposition
Despite the crushing defeat dealt to the rebels, our country is still filled with fliers and pamphlets denouncing our regime as tyrannical. We need to hunt down these remaining protestors and dissidents and bring them to justice.
Intensify Patrols on the Mexican Border
Mexico has become a hotspot for revolutionary thought, and as such it threatens the stability of our nation, allowing rebels to cross the border, rearming and resting and the coming back to continue their insurgency. We shall intensify the border patrols, so no one may come in nor out of Guatemala without our forces having a say in the matter!
A New Constitution for our Great Leader
Ubico, being a charismatic leader, has proposed a constitutional reform in order to be able to secure Guatemalan stability for the near future. Provided that he has tried pushing for several reforms and the constitution is either slowing down or outright forbidding his actions, it is in our best interest to start a constitutional reform.
Cult of Personality
Ubico is a hero for Guatemala, and everyone in the nation will know this fact! From Belize to Ocos, and from San Mateo Ixtatán to Esquipulas, all the citizens of Guatemala shall learn to appreciate our glorious leader!
Napoleonic Military State
Ubico, a faithful admirer of Napoleon's exploits, has set out to transform Guatemala into what his idol had envisioned for France back in the early 19th century, or at least, as close as he can do so in a nation as Guatemala.
Onward, Together, For Ubico
With Ubico's position strengthened, the state tuned to follow his command and the populace accepting him as the saviour of Guatemala, we can all now look outwards with pride. As long as Ubico handles the helm of Guatemala, our country shall be destined to greatness!
The Guatemalan Revolution of 1937
After 16 longs years of Liberal dictatorship, democracy finally has been restored to our nation! However, we still have a long way to go before we can actually recover from decades of authoritarianism.
Ensure Military Neutrality
The military has been a constant threat for any civilian government in Guatemalan history. In 1921 the democratic government of Carlos Herrera was overthrown by the military, ushering in another 16 years of dictatorship. The new constitution will mandate an apolitical military to avoid a similar fate.
Policy on Education
As the dust settles, we need to review the government policies on education. While Orellana had done a great work reducing illiteracy, Guatemala still has a long way to go before becoming a forward thinking and 'educated' nation.
Revive the Constitution
With the authoritarian regimes and the recent crisis, it is clear that our constitution has become into hardly more than a token document that gets discarded whenever it doesn't suit the ruling party. We shall consolidate our constitution so that it may actually be respected, regardless of who's in charge of our nation.
Call for Election
With the scars of civil war fading away, the time has come for free elections as no moral government can rule without popular consent. Only three main parties stand a real chance of winning: the progressive PRN, the conservative Unionist party and the PCG.
The National Renovation Party Wins!
Arévalo and his spiritual socialism have been chosen by the people to lead Guatemala into the future.
Reclaim Economic Independence
The stranglehold foreign businesses, in particular the UFC, hold over Guatemala must be ended. A new highway will be built to the Atlantic along with a new port to end the UFC's monopolies on transportation and shipping.
Spiritual Socialism
There is no need to cancel the concept of freedom in a democratic system in order to breathe into it a Socialist spirit. Like liberalism, spiritual socialism will return to the personality all its civic and moral grandeur; but it will go further than liberalism in obliging man to leave his isolated position and enter the sphere of social values, to embrace the needs and goals of society understood simultaneously as economic organism and spiritual entity.
Empower the Workers
One of our main pools of support are the industrial workers of our country, which is a group that has greatly expanded in these last few decades with the limited industrialisation efforts that have occurred. We shall reward their loyalty by expanding their rights and improving their wages.
Agrarian Reform Law
A new law will allow for the expropriation of idle landholdings, which will create a new rural middle class of freeholders. Land will be redistributed to thousands of families and vastly improve the economy.
Start the Socialist Transformation
With the people placing their faith in the PCG, we can now start to turn Guatemala into a proper socialist society. We shall first consolidate our position and start passing a series of reforms to ease our way into a socialist society.
Finish Nationalisation
In order to truly finish our reforms, we need to finally nationalise the key industries that keep our nation going. This will finally defang our enemies in the UFC and get precious assets into the government hands to distribute amongst the Guatemalan workers.
A Worker-Peasant Community
For too long have the farm workers suffered exploitation by landowners and the urban workers by industrialists. This despicable system has begun to be dismantled and replaced by a harmonious community where the peasant and worker can enjoy the fruits of their labour, free from oppression.
Unionism Prevails
The people have rejected the radicalism of the PRN and PCG, placing their faith in the Unionist party and the Central American dream.
Reconcile Liberals
The century long conflict between liberals and conservatives has done nothing except weaken Guatemala. This petty division must become part of the past, because if we do not move forwards together, then there will be neither conservatives nor liberals but subjects of foreign powers.
Entrench our Liberty
With our strengthened constitution and a new sense of democracy being instilled to our citizens, we can begin introducing safeguards to our law code in order to prevent an authoritarian takeover in the future.
Towards El Minimum Vital
The Vitalism of Alberto Masferrer is a major inspiration for the Unionist party, proposing a social system that guarantees the life of all beings in general, guaranteeing it with a minimum of dignity. It also provides a path to the regeneration of society and the formation of a new type of physically, morally and intellectually regenerated man.
Teach Guatemalans Democracy
The concept of democracy seems to have been lost in Guatemala as a whole, with the common folk confusing the authoritarian regimes we used to have as 'democratic'. We need to instil the democratic ideals back into them, and in order to do so, we'll push for new education curriculum and start a propaganda campaign to show that their voices are now heard.
The Revolution has been Squashed
With the help of the United Fruit Company, the Syndicalist Revolution has been squashed. While we are safe internally at the moment, we have a big debt to repay...
The American Napoleon Returned
In their clemency, the United Fruit Company have agreed to let Jorge Ubico Castañeda become President of Guatemala once more.
Start Undoing the Damages
During their brief period of control, the Syndicalists have caused untold damage, both to the nation and to the assets of the United Fruit Company. We should start working on undoing these damages if we are to move forward.
Cleanse Guatemala of All Socialists
The Revolution may be squashed, but the revolutionaries and their sympathisers remain. Guatemala cannot be truly safe unless the home front is kept under control, something impossible with the Syndicalists roaming around. By cleansing them from our country, we will ensure our safety for a long time.
Una Nación Renacida
It has taken a time, but Guatemala has been returned to its former glory, with Ubico and the United Fruit Company at the top. We can now reap the fruit of our hard work, and rejoice in the restoration of normalcy.
Bow Down to Our True Saviours
Everyone in Guatemala knows that without the United Fruit Company, Guatemala would be ruled by the godless Syndicalists; without the United Fruit Company, Guatemala would be even poorer. There is no future without the United Fruit Company. We acknowledge this fact and shall grant them the influence they so richly deserve.
Offer UFC More Land Concessions
The United Fruit Company demands more land for its agricultural projects. And who are we to refuse? In the end, they are our true saviours. They propel our economy, they keep our country moving forward. We owe everything to them.
The Shackled Emperor
Ubico may posture himself as Napoleon, but even he knows that the true power-broker around these parts is the United Fruit Company. Without them, there is no past. Without them, we would have no present. Without them, there is no future.
Stop Relying on the Monroe Doctrine
The infamous Monroe Doctrine, in effect since 1823, has made us rely too much in our northern neighbour for our self defence, and now that they are not in any position to help us, we will have to kickstart our forces from scratch if we hope to survive the storm that approaches Central America.
Our Men are Precious
Guatemala is one of the nations with the highest populations in Central America. This provides us with an advantage in a war of attrition, and we should focus into taking advantage of this fact by investing in the development of technologies that allow us to save up as many of our troops as possible from combat in order to always have fresh troops to fight against our enemies.
Bombardearlos desde Lejos
Artillery has proven its usefulness during the Weltkrieg, and its utility in modern war cannot be underestimated. If we wish to gain the upper hand in the conflict that looms our sub-continent, we will need to invest in artillery in order to be able to bomb our enemies from afar.
Increase Division Capabilities
Our divisions are currently mostly suited to peacekeeping tasks and anti-insurgency combat. They're not really prepared to deal with modern warfare and that will prove problematic if a conflict arises in Central America where we are drawn into. We shall focus on improving the capabilities of our divisions for modern warfare so that they may be more flexible when the time comes to face the enemy.
Mechanise Our Troops
Mechanisation may seem like a strange thing for a Central American nation, but there's no doubt that it'll be the future of warfare. If our forces are to become the best of the best of Central America, we shall need to invest in mechanised forces so that we can not only hit hard, but also hit fast!
Perfect Our Methods
Warfare is both a science and an art. While we may have some proud and capable officers in our ranks, the truth is that unless we tune our industry to suit their needs, they won't be able to guarantee our victory. Fortunately, we can focus on tweaking our industry in order to be able to supply them with the best equipment our industry can produce whenever they need it!
Our Blood Will Flow for Guatemala!
With Guatemala's numerical advantage, we can focus on creating a larger army which can take advantage of its numbers to swarm our enemies. While our casualties may be high, we will teach our citizens that there's no greater honour than to die for Guatemala, and that the road to our victory shall be paved by the blood of our heroes.
Streamline Gun Production
Guatemala's population may be high, but unless we arm each private with a rifle, it will hardly matter when facing off other professional armies, like the Salvadoran one. We will need to streamline our rifle production in order to provide sufficient rifles for our troops.
Every Man On Deck
The incoming storm requires every able-bodied men to sign up for the army and joint the fight in the front. We shall begin a massive propaganda campaign to instil patriotism into our populace and hopefully increase our recruitment for the future conflicts, where said manpower will be vital for our success.
Use the Military as Workforce
The military doesn't need to be necessarily a simple combat force. It should be put to work to build industries and infrastructure and repair them when damaged. We shall enact the creation of a military construction branch, which shall take care of forward infrastructure and the construction of any vital assets for the military.
Hasta el Último Aliento
Guatemala shall live and fight on until the last Guatemalan soldier has fallen in combat. Our citizens will fight to their last breath to keep our independence and to reassert our position on the world stage. Long live Guatemala!
Better Aerial Support
Integration of aerial and land-based forces has become all the more important in the time since the Weltkrieg. Advances in airplane designs have only furthered the effectiveness of such integration, especially regarding assaulting fortified positions.
Swarm the Skies
Our only real rivals in the air in Central America are the pesky Salvadorans, which already have a prominent air force in their nation. We can't outclass their pilots, but we can outnumber them, and it is with this idea in mind that we should invest in fighter production, so that we may stand a chance against our enemies in the Central American skies.
Master Air Warfare
In order to master the art of air warfare, we cannot rely on old officers and ancient officer schools. In the air, those who dare win, and as such, we'll need to send our pilots away to practise manoeuvres, and our officers to observe them in order to come up with better ways to organise our air wings and their target priorities.
Guatemalan Universities
We cannot expect our nation to evolve if our brightest minds routinely leave overseas for their education, and in many cases do not return. We must scrape the funds together for a network of Guatemala universities, so that our brightest will have more reasons to stay.
Increase Industrial Output
Our industry may be small, but there is always room for improvement. A big effort will be required on our behalf, but we have pulled through worse.
Railway Projects
Our transport infrastructure is, for lack of better words, outdated. While it will take us time and money, we must invest in a new network of railways to propel us towards the future.
A Bigger Military Budget
Improving our country is pointless if we do not have the means to defend it. While our generals and soldiers may have the hearts needed for the task, we need to make sure their equipment is up to the mark as well. This increase in money will also keep them compliant.
The Goods of Guatemala
Don't put all your eggs in one basket - a rule we, regrettably, happen to not follow that much; but this changes here! We will start a proper land survey to see what other economic sector can we develop aside from bananas.
Incentivise Sugar Plantations
Sugar has a long history of being cultivated in this general area of the Caribbean, and it is a profitable market to this day. It would be a shame if we didn't join in as well; after all, nature gave us that which we need.
Diversify Banana Species
Growing bananas is all well and good, but we cannot risk a downturn in our harvest by growing one single type of banana. In order to cover more niches of the banana market, we must get more cultivars and grow more banana assortments.
Use Cash Crop Profits
The cash crops aren't called like this for no reason; we are earning plenty of money from their export. But we cannot just sit on it; it must be invested so that we can produce more and sell even more in the future.
Expand Our Ports
If we are to fulfil our naval ambitions, we have to first see what can we do with what ports we already have. Even if we can't do much militarily, our shipping industry will benefit.
Found A New Dockyard
It seems like we need an entirely new dockyard if we are to properly develop a navy. No problem; it is something that the proud Guatemalan people can manage; our construction industry needs the exercise anyway.
The Ships of Tomorrow
We may not be able to match our enemies' naval power in raw numbers, but we can focus on innovation instead. Our navy will field only state-of-the-art ships, and the rest of Central America will tremble!
Refine Our Methods
Time has definitely passed our production methods by. We must try to rectify this if we are to become the hegemon of Central America, and the spearhead of the future Union.
Guatemala
Guatemalan
Guatemala
Silverio Ortiz
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1880, in Guatemala City, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Juan José Arévalo Bermejo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1904, in Taxisco, Department of Santa Rosa, Republic of Guatemala§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1904, in Taxisco, Department of Santa Rosa, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan José Arévalo Bermejo has no formal military education to speak off, but with the recent rebellion, he has offered his services for the weakened military. Given his practice as a teacher, he has been quick to read and learn some of the basic military books, but he still has a long way to go before reaching the level of his predecessors.§!\n\n§YNotes: Staunch Defender of Democracy.§!
Lázaro Chacón González
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1873, in Zacapa, Department of Chiquimula, Republic of Guatemala§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1873, in Zacapa, Department of Chiquimula, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLázaro Chacón González joined the Escuela Politecnica as soon as he came of age and led a rather unremarkable military career up to 1920, where he was imprisoned for joining the Unionistas. He was set free by Orellana in 1921, and would later become Chief of the Honour Guard from 1922 to 1926 and was later promoted to Army General by Orellana himself.§!\n\n§YNotes: Rumours say González is member of a Central American lodge of Theosofists, but there's no substantial evidence to support this. Affiliated to the Unionista Party.§!
José Perfecto Azmitia González
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1860, in Guatemala City, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Julio Domingo Bianchi Smout
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1879, in Antigua Guatemala, Department of Sacatepéquez, Republic of Guatemala§!
Antonio Obando Sánchez
Manuel Bautista Grajeda
Adrián Recinos
José María Orellana
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1872, in El Jícaro, Department of Zacapa, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOrellana's military dictatorship beginning in 1921 has grown stagnant, with both him and his cabinet exhausted with constantly having to deal with protests against his presidency, social uprisings, and people wishing for true democracy to be returned. His main focus of building the economy and fighting illiteracy has also begun to slow down over time due to some sort of opposition from one side or another. Guatemala grows tired and demands change which Orellana cannot bring in the countries current state, and a shakeup could make him meet his undesirable fate...§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1872, in El Jícaro, Department of Zacapa, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé María Orellana Pinto graduated the Escuela Politécnica in 1890 as a second lieutenant and as a topographic engineer from the Escuela Facultativa de Ingeniería in 1895. During the presidency of Estrada Cabrera, he was promoted to Brigadier General, and was present when in 1907 a couple of terrorists tried to assassinate president Cabrera, managing to survive the encounter unscathed and undeterred. After overthrowing Cabrera, he has held the post of President and has promoted himself to Field marshal to operate the army more effectively from his new position of power.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Military wing of the Partido Liberal Federalista.§!
Jorge Ubico Castañeda
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1878, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1878, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJorge Ubico Castañeda was a sports prodigy in his youth, excelling in cycling, swimming, horse riding, gymnastics, target shooting and the use of foil and sword for fencing. In 1897 he graduated from the Military academy at Alta Verapaz as a second lieutenant, and his sheer talent and intelligence managed to turn him into a Brigadier General by 1906 after taking part in the War of Totoposte. In 1923 he became War Secretary, and with Orellana's coup, he became chief of the secret police and Vice President.§!\n\n§YNotes: He has expressed profound disagreements with Orellana, and despite being Orellana's VP, Ubico stands to be one of Orellana's main rivals in the political scene.§!
Juan Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1913, in Quetzaltenango, Department of Quetzaltenango, Republic of Guatemala§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1913, in Quetzaltenango, Department of Quetzaltenango, Republic of Guatemala§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán wanted to study to become an economist or an engineer in his youth, however his father's morphine addiction drove his family to financial ruin. The opening of scholarships for the Escuela Politécnica, a military academy in San Juan Sacatepéquez, convinced him to join the institution in 1932 as the only way to sustain his family. He has since then become an exceptional student, reaching the rank of First Sergeant of the Company of Knight-Cadets, a post that has only been achieved by 4 other students in the last 12 years. His talent gained him the respect of the staff of the academy, including the American headmaster, John Considine. Árbenz graduated in 1935, and he has since then served as a teacher in the academy while having the respect of most of the army staff.§!\n\n§YNotes: Staunch Defender of Democracy.§!
José Manuel Fortuny
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1916, in Cuilapa, Department of Santa Rosa, Republic of Guatemala§!
Flavio Herrera
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1895, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Federico Guillermo Toriello Garrido
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1911, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Carlos Federico Mora
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1889, in Quetzaltenango, Department of Quetzaltenango, Republic of Guatemala§!
David Vela Salvatierra
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1901, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Manuel María Orellana Contreras
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1870, in El Jícaro, Department of Zacapa, Republic of Guatemala§!
Juan Federico Ponce Vaides
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1899, in Cobán, Department of Alta Verapaz, Republic of Guatemala§!
Buenaventura Piñeda
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in the Republic of Guatemala§!
Eduardo Villagrán Ariza
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1881, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Roderico Anzueto Valencia
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1886, in Tacaná, Department of San Marcos, Republic of Guatemala§!
Francisco Javier Arana
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1905, in Villa Canales, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Rafael Arévalo Martínez
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1884, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Miguel Ángel Asturias
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1899, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Jorge Toriello Garrido
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1908, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Carlos Aldana Sandoval
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1912, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Arturo Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in the Republic of Guatemala§!
Mauro de León
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1870, in Ciudad de Guatemala, Department of Guatemala, Republic of Guatemala§!
Carlos Enrique Díaz de León
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1915, in the Republic of Guatemala§!
Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1901, in the Department of Totonicapán, Republic of Guatemala§!
Miguel García Granados Solís
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1896, in Cobán, Department of Alta Verapaz, Republic of Guatemala§!
