Dominican Republic Focus Tree
Totalista
Partido Totalista
Sindicalista
Partido Sindicalista
Socialista
Partido Socialista
Independiente
Partido Independiente
Nuevo Azul
Partido Nuevo Azul
Republicano
Partido Republicano
Rojo
Partido Rojo
Patriótica
Coalicion Patriótica
Junta
Junta
Populista
Partido Populista
Dominicano
Partido Dominicano
Presidential Election
In a controversial move, President Martínez had the constitution modified to allow him to run for a consecutive term. He faces bitter opposition from Estrella and the Republicanos as well as the Dominican military in a race that is sure to shape the future of our nation.
Rojo Victory
The Rojos of President Martínez have won the Presidential election.
Through Work, Dignity
The Partido Rojo has always stood for morality above all; rampant unemployment is surely both a blight on our economy and as detrimental to popular dignity as any other form of moral decay. The unemployed should thus be organised into labour brigades tasked with public works projects. As well, they should be made to attend religious functions to ensure rehabilitation.
Principled Development
Morality must be built into the very fabric of a nation. As we pursue that which makes all countries prosper, industrialisation, we must never lose sight of that truth. We must have monuments to what is upright and proper along with factories and mills and indeed even places of industry must instill that truth in their workforce; our labour brigades would be well suited for this task.
Call Constitutional Convention
While President Martínez has long sought to drastically amend the constitution, he has lacked the political capital to push for all but the most minor changes to the document. With the resounding victory of the Rojos in the 1936 election, however, the constitutional assembly can be properly convened.
The New Republic
The Constitution of 1924 was born from the American Occupation and is insufficient as the foundational document of a true democracy. A new document entirely has been drafted and now must be implemented.
If It Ain't Broke...
The Constitutional Assembly has reaffirmed the 1924 Constitution and our democracy will undoubtedly carry on as before.
Fight Judicial Discrimination
The judiciary has always been slow to take to reforms, and despite renewed political impetus from the Constitutional Convention, lower courts will surely continue to arbitrarily discriminate against vast swaths of the population. We must do all in our power to begin to change this.
The Trial
Our nation has been betrayed and as those responsible prepare to stand before their fellow Dominicans and the nation's courts, all await with outcome with trepidation.
Reform Military Districts
The system of military districts established by the Americans during the occupation naturally encourages a sort of warlordism that allowed Trujillo and other military strongmen to thrive; it must be reformed.
Land Reform
The bountiful lands of our republic are held hostage by corrupt absentee landowners. These lands must be redistributed to both individuals and companies with a clear track-record of responsibility and profitability.
Responsible Bureaucracy
The bureaucracy has become bloated and ineffective. To curb frivolous expense, we must introduce rigid fiscal responsibility rules and hold bureaucrats accountable to the people and elected government.
The Phoenix
The Dominican Republic has been conquered again and again - Spaniard or Haitian or American, it matters not, for our valiant nation shall always rise from the ashes like a phoenix reborn. With political turmoil at an end, it seems we have again arisen.
Root Out Traitors
Those in the military who remain disloyal will prove to be a nuisance if left alone. Every officer with but a hint of suspicion about him but be dismissed and a replacement prepared.
Military Rapprochement
While certainly the treasonous influence of Trujillo and others still stains our armed forces, it would be foolish to not offer some degree of clemency. We must work to reintegrate tainted officers and soldiers alike.
Empower Loyal Officers
The extent of disloyalty in the armed forces has become clear and slowly but surely, soldiers and officers alike have come to serve our country rather than their officers. As well, some officers, especially junior officers, have entirely cleared of traitorous affiliations. They must be retrained for higher offices and promoted to truly ensure the loyalty of the military.
Departamento de Seguridad
The difficulty of controlling the military has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that democracy will never be safe from threats within and without. As such, to preserve our liberty, we must actively protect it. The Department of Security is a proposed executive office dedicated to the gathering of intelligence independent of the armed forces and the suppression of extra-legal opposition.
Las Lechuzas
As our party has ingratiated itself with elements of society considered by some to be immoral, we have become reliant on these connections to keep a finger on the daily activities of our rivals. To ensure that no group may ever threaten our government, these agents should be more formally under our party's control and properly equipped to eliminate dissent.
Republicano Victory
The Republicanos of Rafael Estrella Ureña have emerged victorious.
Old Friends, New Enemies
Trujillo and his supporters will always pose a threat to the stability of our government unless decisively dealt with. While some may lament such dealings outside the purview of the courts as 'injustice', we know that it is necessary.
Friends In Low Places
As our ties with the military have been fully severed, our party requires a new constituency to ingratiate itself to. In the dregs of society, we have such a group. Long forgotten and even condemned by the Rojos and the parties of before the occupation, those who work in fields others consider immoral, should be the focus of our outreach.
The Most Dangerous Game
In dealing with those who know only how to give orders and not to receive them, with those who believe themselves king of their own little sliver of our nation, we must exercise caution. The promises we made in the past to the nation's elite must not be either honoured or fully disregarded.
Respect Our Obligations
We would be foolish to throw away the support of those with the most ability to influence our nation's politics. We must respect promises made to our nation's wealthy, even where such may cause economic harm.
Assert Authority
While the upper classes form a key constituency for our party, we cannot afford to make concessions to them. We must instead move to eliminate their political and economic influence.
As Within, So Without
Backroom dealings and under-the-table handshakes have been the hallmark of our party's rise to power. This strategy is as valid in governing or foreign policy as in securing power, yet the skill set needed to successfully conduct this sort of diplomacy is difficult to learn. Such dealings must be normalised and encouraged.
Great Minds Think Alike
The individual drive to succeed is undoubtedly the most powerful driver of economic prosperity. While our country may be poor, surely with so much conflict and repression in the world, by fully opening our nation to skilled immigrants, we will find many clambering at our shores.
Trim The Fat
The bureaucracy is bloated and much of what our government has taken to administering amounts purely to expense without much benefit. To preserve that which is worthwhile, the bureaucracy must be streamlined.
Sowing The Seeds Of Prosperity
We are undeniably an agricultural and export-oriented nation. We lack the facilities necessary however, to create even basic finished goods. Cannot companies cut their cane or roll their tobacco at least in part domestically? We must subsidise the creation of facilities to do just that.
Retrofit Ports
Our exports, while now processed much more effectively, are stifled by ageing domestic port infrastructure. Let us retrofit and expand these facilities and allow our economy room to grow.
The New Normal
Politics is no longer the quagmire it once was and with political stability has also come a degree of economic prosperity. People have begun to adjust to this state of affairs and their outlook on the future is brighter than ever.
Coup
Insidious forces conspire to overthrow President Martínez. If the military and Estrella manage to reach an agreement, perhaps such a plot will be put into action.
Consolidating Power
Estrella and Martínez alike no longer stand in Trujillo's path to power. Viva Trujillo!
Formalise New Regime
To continue to govern as a provision regime would be not only detrimental to our power, but also reflect poorly on us internationally. We must establish a true civilian government.
Militarised Bureaucracy
The bureaucracy, already notoriously slow to change, is rife with dissidents and enemies of the state, slowly but surely undermining our regime. The entire rotten thing must be split open and sewn back together with a new spirit and staffers.
Engage Elites
To lose all control must be a dreadful feeling indeed. Perhaps though, those who once were the brokers of power could still be of some use; their fate must be decided.
Entrench The Party
Our glorious party is ultimately the only redoubt of unwavering loyalty. To set society on the path to a similar outlook, the influence of the party must be greatly expanded. Though, how to go about that is hotly debated.
Modernisation Campaign
So much of our nation lacks modern utilities like electrical power, and some economically important city centres have not been renovated in decades. Before the economy can truly heal, these problems must be dealt with.
Guided Democracy
Our people expect democracy, and rightfully so. Democracy, however, cannot carry on as it did before our party swept into power. Such weakness would be our downfall. A more complete democracy must have a firm hand upon it.
Maintain the Status-Quo
While Trujillo has pushed to secure more and more power for himself, and indeed his leadership is righteous, constructive pushback from both the military and purely civilian allies has limited his control. While outsiders may slander us with words like 'junta', we know that our course is correct.
Dios en Cielo, Trujillo en Tierra
'God in Heaven, Trujillo on Earth'; there does not exist a more apt expression than that. While already undeniably at the forefront of the government, Trujillo has only grown in power as our regime has cemented itself, sidelining all other major figures within the military in the process. The people and the nation now look to him for guidance as we navigate an uncertain future.
Ex Uno Plura
From one, many. Perhaps a bit-in-cheek, this reversal of the motto of the United States suits our government well. It is only with assured political unity that liberty and democracy can truly thrive.
Call Special Election
Elections, the hallmark of democracy. While our last election was indeed something of a farce, the need then to begin to consolidate our regime more than justifies such a move. Now, at last, we can return democracy to the people, and the question of which of our carefully selected candidates will win has the entire country holding its breath in anticipation.
Control the Legislature
With a taste of power, those who once swore allegiance only to their betters would seek to undermine all that we have built for their own gain. While we must maintain a legislative body to carry out the passage and implementation of legislation for the mundane, and indeed, it also provides legitimacy, the actions of the legislature must be systematically controlled.
Political Vigilance
A government such as ours can only be maintained if the populace reflects the values of such a regime. The people must never forget the virtues of martial prowess and constant political vigilance and will.
Viva El Jefe!
Trujillo, our leader, our chief, shall protect our nation now and forever. Long may he be both the sword and the shield of our people!
The New Economy
Our nation's economy is changing rapidly and traditional sectors and economic thinking cannot assure the depression's end. We must look to the future for the sake of the present.
Encourage Tourism
Leisure travel has boomed with the advent of commercial aviation and the proliferation of purpose-built cruise liners. Our pristine shores are naturally a perfect destination for tourism. We must work closely with companies offering leisure travel to promote such travel to our country.
Construct Luxury Hotels
Though tourism is already booming, that success has been muted thanks mostly to a lack of luxury accommodations even in the most developed localities in our country. We must subsidise the construction of grand beach-front hotels with seemingly endless amenities. The palaces of pleasure will surely attract an even greater crowd.
Resource Exploration
Various American companies invested in resource exploration throughout our land during the occupation. None of these attempts to assess our natural wealth amounted to anything, however. Let us pick up where they left off, surely this bountiful land holds even greater treasure beneath it.
Establish Bauxite Mines
While Bauxite deposits were known to be present on our island, until recently the mines were largely unexploited. As some small mining operations have cropped up following our nation's push to assess its mineral wealth, there presents an opportunity to begin to truly exploit our nation's bauxite.
Encourage Precious Metal Mining
Our land has always produced a small but steady bounty of gold. However, our gold deposits are not truly exploited and mining operations quite limited. Surely, however, if we provided subsidies for gold exploration and exploitation, that could quickly change.
Connect The Plantations
Transporting goods from rural plantations and farms is time consuming and economically harmful, not to mention stifling for those who toil so far from the cities. We should construct roads and light rail between agricultural areas and our existing infrastructural network.
Local Mills
Each plantation has at least some of the tools and manpower necessary to begin small scale production of more industrial goods. Wherever possible, we should encourage and incentivise plantations to pursue the construction of small industrial mills.
Fight Corruption
Bribery and graft, on both a local and national level and in both the public and private sectors, abound. All of our reforms may well come to nothing if such insidious behaviour undermines them. We should actively attempt to root our corrupt businessmen and officials and impose strong legal penalties on them.
Sponsored Research
With a precedent of funding clandestine organisations established and our political situation stabilised, an interesting proposal has been put on our President's desk. That being to discreetly offer substantial research grants to various industrial concerns to conduct priority research.
Economic Norms
A prosperous people must not only be free from the oppressive influence of corruption, but also accustomed to economic practices which benefit all individually and collectively. These positive norms must be encouraged both in the public and private sectors.
Continue Modernisation
After the end of the American Occupation, our nation began an ambitious army modernisation programme. Unfortunately, that effort was cut short by the Great Depression. Let us at last bring our army into the modern age.
Update Command Structure
The Army's structure and role in society has evolved greatly since the end of our occupation, yet it still lacks many hallmarks of a modern military hierarchy and any comprehensive doctrine. If our army is to stand any chance in the field, we must begin to change this.
Renewed Equipment Overhaul
Our army still largely relies on Weltkrieg and American surplus for almost all of its equipment. The time to update has come.
The Conscription Debacle
Our nation is one of only handful in the world without conscription of any kind. This state of affairs has made our people complacent, and while they may at first be hesitant to see conscription implemented, surely like a doctor gives a patient vile medicine, this change is in the best interests of our nation.
Martial Refinement
As a small nation, we must always value military quality over quantity; commandos are the tip of the well-maintained sword that our army must strive to be, let us produce the most proficient commandos possible.
A New Army
The army can at last be expanded. While we still have momentum from our previous reforms, we should focus on training new divisions.
Improved NCO Training
Non-commissioned officers are very different in Europe than in our own country. The European model of professional and tactically proficient NCOs, while certainly difficult to attain is a standard we must nonetheless seek to emulate.
Auxiliary Forces
A great many of our people, while not suited to combat, could still be of use in war; we need not dedicate precious manpower to field hospitals or logistics when such people could easily fill those roles. Let us organise an auxiliary force specifically for such positions.
Domestic Arms Industry
In recent years, Dominican companies have made various forays into domestic arms development and with that, our nation has learned to produce sophisticated machine tools needed for arms production. These facilities should be put to work for the nation.
Flexible Command
Famously, German General Helmuth von Moltke the Elder wrote that 'No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.' This is no different in modern warfare; our command structure should always be capable of remaining intact despite setbacks and our plans always subject to refinement.
Preemptive Strike Capacity
The force which takes the initiative will always have upper hand. As our nation cannot afford to give ground in defence, initiative is even more important. Using modern technology, such as RADAR, our army can always be aware of an enemy's location and stand ready to attack.
Modern Army
The army has taken to our reforms well and operates more effectively and efficiently than ever before. At last, our nation has a truly modern army at its disposal.
Naval Funding
If the American Occupation proved anything, it is that our country is vulnerable by the sea. However, the navy has always played second fiddle to army and made do with minimal funding, even after the occupation's end. No more! The navy must have appropriate funding.
A True Admiralty
While the great naval powers of Europe have well developed admiralties and unique chains of command, our own navy relies mainly on army officers without any experience at the helm of a ship. We must completely reinvent our naval structure.
Naval Infrastructure
Warships require special facilities for their construction and upkeep, yet our own coastal cities have only civilian dockyards. We should build basic military naval facilities and infrastructure to supply them.
Commission Flagship
While we lack the industrial capacity to produce capital ships in significant number, many large ships have been recently decommissioned or are soon to meet that fate. Perhaps we could acquire one of these ageing behemoths and completely retrofit it to serve as the pride of our own small navy.
Anti-Air Retrofitting
Aircraft have come to play an increasingly important role in naval combat, and all we have invested in our navy could be erased with a well-placed torpedo or bomb. Ships old and new must be equipped with sufficient anti-air armaments to guarantee their continued survival.
Improve Sailor Conditions
A happy sailor is a fighty sailor! Our men should not be confined to rusted bunk beds and horrid sanitation. The cabins of regular sailors must afford an agreeable standard of living or else be renovated.
Integrate Merchant Ships
In case of war, merchant ships would become the target of enemy air and naval attacks. All merchant ships flying under our flag must register with our navy and in times of war be directed by the naval administration to ensure both their safety and that of the navy.
Fortify Shoreline
On Hispaniola, we share but a single border, a single avenue for invasion; it is against this threat that most of our forces are dedicated. From the sea, however, our vulnerable gut is exposed to world. Our shores must be reinforced
Maritime Research Institute
We must make a concerted effort to technologically 'catch-up' with the navies of the world. to accomplish this, we should found a central maritime research institute.
Torpedo Boats
From Europe, a new design has emerged. While most torpedo boats are small and operate close to shore, some navies have begun to field large torpedo boats equipped with anti-Submarine weapons. While larger than typical torpedo boats, these ships are still small and are easily produced. We should adopt such a design.
Further Our Doctrine
The navy has grown and to fully exploit its enlarged potential, we must further its doctrine.
New Blood
With greater funding and rapid expansion, the navy has at last endeared itself to the people. A new generation of children idolise the men who brave the seas for their country and interest in joining the navy has skyrocketed. In spite of this, naval recruitment remains tied to that of the army. We must do away with harmful state of affairs give the navy to new blood.
Aviation Overhaul
The air corps is new and novel, and its simple existence was enough to make military leaders rest on their laurels, assured things will progress on their own. In reality, it remains neglected and we have no more capacity to take the fight to the air than before its creation. It would be prudent to begin to work on expanding the air corps.
Market Basing Rights
We lack for understanding of aerial warfare, however an innovative idea has been proposed eliminate that issue. We could offer to whichever nations may wish to, basing rights for unarmed aircraft, and in exchange, nations agreeing to such would need only send a small attaché to help improve our air corps.
Reorganise The Air Corps
The Air Corps was established without proper understanding of how a new is established and lacks any direction to its operations. We must begin to reorganise and 'fine-tune' it.
Improve Readiness
An attack could come from anywhere and at any time. If we are not always prepared to take to the skies to meet an enemy as soon as they appear on the horizon, that war could be lost before it ever truly started. We should emulate the great powers of the world and always keep a number of planes armed, fuelled, and on a rotating standby.
Light Scout Craft
From the air, enemy movements and positions are laid bare. With the support of small reconnaissance aircraft developed from retrofitted civilian planes, our soldiers on the ground will never be taken off guard.
Found Air Academy
The air corps currently must send most of its officer candidates abroad for education and training. While some nations might be content with this state of affairs, and indeed it is not abnormal, if we are ever to truly be in control of our own destiny, we must establish our own military aviation academy.
Domestic Air Designs
While we still lack a domestic aviation industry, we need not rely on purely foreign designs. We should offer contracts to domestic companies to design variants of foreign aircraft for our nation's unique needs.
Unified Command Structure
The actions of one group of air corps officers are often disjointed and directly at odds with the actions of others. This disjointed mess prevents full coordination. Officers who refuse orders from higher-ups must not be given clemency any longer.
Assure Aviation Fuel Supply
The fuel used in aircraft is different from that of other vehicles and substantially more expensive to produce or acquire. As our nation has no domestic oil supply, we should look into both creating synthetic plane fuel and ensuring that our pilots are trained to conserve as much fuel as possible.
Anti-Air Emplacements
As our own air corps have expanded, the extent to which aircraft can affect the battlefield has become all too clear. We must never allow our skies to be stolen by an enemy; we need to invest in new anti-aircraft guns and emplacements.
Seaplanes
Even small ships are able to carry seaplanes to serve as reconnaissance craft which can locate enemy fleets and identify otherwise undetectable submarines. Any ship with the capacity should be retrofitted to carry such reconnaissance planes.
Rule The Skies
The air corps has come far from its humble beginnings. While we may never be one of the preeminent powers of the world, at least, the skies above our nation are ours alone.
Great Depression
The Great Depression, which has so devastated the United States, has been nearly as destructive to the economy of the Dominican Republic, and the incompetence of the nation's past Presidents has served to compound the problem.
$DOM_depression_desc_start$ While the economic situation has at last begun to improve, continued recovery is uncertain.
Great Depression
$DOM_depression_desc_start$ While the economic situation had at last begun to improve, with the onset of Black Monday, the economy of the Dominican Republic has entered into an even deeper recession.
Fighting The Depression
The Great Depression, exacerbated by the Black Monday collapse in Germany, has devastated the Dominican Republic and in response, the Dominican government has embarked on a nationally unprecedented plan to spur economic activity.
Initial Recovery
$DOM_depression_bm_2_desc$ Surely enough, some small signs of recovery can now be seen. It seems the very worst is behind the Republic.
Economic Recovery
$DOM_depression_bm_2_desc$ Luckily, this plan has begun to have a substantial effect on the national economy, which has begun to truly recover at last.
Normalisation
The economic depression is at last coming to an end. Life in the Dominican Republic is returning to normal.
Hostile Elite
The policies of President Martínez and increasingly populist outlook of all major political organisations, as well as the unchecked influence of the military have all contributed to the growth of resentment among the nation's entrenched upper-classes.
$DOM_angryrich_desc_start$ While this anger may not pose an immediate political threat, it is extremely harmful.
Hostile Elite
$DOM_angryrich_desc_start$ Though we have begun to weaken the anger and influence of the most dissatisfied groups and families, the threat they pose has not been fully eliminated.
Rift Mended
While many were concerned that he may double cross them, with their man holding the Presidency and working to appease them, the Dominican Republic's elite families have been restored to their former positions of power.
Controlled Elite
$DOM_angryrich_3_desc$ The state, however, has worked to limit their corruption without compromising their support.
Christian Labour Brigades
Many unemployed have been organised into labour brigades tasked with public works projects and made to attend religious functions to ensure morale rehabilitation.
Reinforced Constitution
The Dominican constitution of 1924 has been retained with only minor modifications to ensure that it is not again undermined by predatory individuals.
Moderate Constitutional Reform
The Dominican constitution of 1924 has been retained albeit it with substantial modifications to ensure that it is not again undermined by predatory individuals.
The New Constitution
The Dominican Republic has adopted a new and highly innovative constitution, replacing the flawed document drafted in 1924.
Land Reform
The Dominican Republic has completely reorganised the nation's system of land organisation and ensured that control of much of the nation's most productive plantations be stripped from the nation's prominent plutocratic families.
Mass Dismissal
Most of the Dominican army's senior leadership has been dismissed, with many facing criminal punishment.
Loyal Army
Dissent in the Dominican Army has been thoroughly eliminated and a new core of competent officers have replaced the corrupt petty-warlords of old.
Unwavering Army Loyalty
$DOM_army_loyal_idea_desc$
Departamento de Seguridad
The Dominican Department of Security, officially a part of the nation's foreign service bureau, has been established as the nation's first counter-intelligence agency.
Stable Democracy
Dominican Democracy has survived challenges from would-be tyrants and emerged stronger yet.
Las Lechuzas
Just as the owl is a symbol of our nation, the unique secret police organisation known colloquially as 'Las Lechuzas' a feminine term for a type of owl has become a symbol of our present regime. The Lechuza moniker came about as a reference to the deputised 'working-women' that the organisation employs.
Skilled Immigration Enticement
The Dominican Republic has established a new bureaucratic office dedicated to enticing qualified foreign professionals to take up positions within its borders.
Burgeoning Arms Industry
The Dominican Republic has invested in the cultivation of a state armaments industry.
Naval Anti-Air Retrofitting
The Dominican Republic pays special care to the anti-air capabilities of its small fleet. Dominican ships possess a disproportionate number of anti-air equipment and nation's crews receive extensive training in air defence.
Integral Seaplanes
The Dominican Republic has promoted the use of seaplane scout aircraft, both on ships and from bases on land in order to identity enemy submarines and fleets beyond what is possible for ships alone...
The Skies Above
The Dominican Republic has focused on the ability of its fleet to defend itself from air attacks and scout enemy ships and direct fire using seaplanes.
Robust Auxiliaries
The Dominican Republic has established a modern army auxiliary force, freeing up substantial numbers of soldiers for front line duty and improving treatment of the wounded.
Mining Boom
The Dominican Republic has begun to more thoroughly access the mineral wealth of its lands.
Gold Rush
A boom in gold exploration and production has occurred in the Dominican Republic.
Encouraging Tourism
The Dominican government has made substantial investments in the tourism sector.
Leisure Economy
Leisure and tourism has grown rapidly in the Dominican Republic, quickly becoming a prominent economic sector.
The New Army
The Dominican Republic is rapidly expanding the size of standing army.
Flexible Command
The Dominican army command structure has been reformed to increase its capacity to adapt to adverse conditions while remaining intact.
Aggressive Preparation
The best defence is a good offence. The Dominican Republic understands this motto well. Using new RADAR technology, the nation constantly assesses how to best conduct pre-emptive strikes against potential enemies.
Resurgent Economy
The Dominican economy is back in full and experiencing an unprecedented level of growth.
Seeds Of Prosperity
The Dominican Republic provides state support for the creation of facilities that make rudimentary finished goods from the nation's agricultural products.
Maritime Institute
The Dominican Republic has established a central naval research institute.
Integrated Merchant Marine
All merchant ships flying under the Dominican flag must register with its navy and in times of war be directly managed by the naval administration.
Support Ship Focus
The Dominican Republic, lacking the ability to produce sufficient numbers of large ships, focuses on the production of larger-than-usual fast torpedo boats.
Direction For Bases
The Dominican Republic is leasing limited basing rights in exchange for assistance in developing aircraft.
Perpetual Combat Readiness
The Dominican Air Force, through substantial investment and planning, now operates on an extremely high level of combat readiness at all times, improving its ability to respond to emerging threats.
Light Scout Craft
The Dominican Republic makes ample use of small civilian aircraft in a reconnaissance role.
Aviation Academy
The Dominican Republic has established a national air academy with employing highly qualified instructors both foreign and domestic.
Aviation Reform
The Dominican Republic has completed a series of reforms to its small air force.
Departamento de Seguridad
While the old Rojo government briefly discussed establishing a new security service under the authority of the department of state, the plan has only now been completed at the urging of moderates within the Dominican Patriotic Party.
Servicio de Seguridad Militar
The military intelligence service, officially part of the army, is the new Dominican state intelligence agency. It combats all those both at home and abroad who would undermine the army's grip on the Dominican state.
The New 42
The '42', Trujillo's gang of enforcers within the military and in those areas which fell most under his sway, has been reorganised into a formal organ of the state, serving as both a secret police force and counter-intelligence agency.
Popular Political Discipline
The Dominican people are subjected to a great deal of political propaganda to inspire loyalty to the nation and the ruling party.
Partisan Officers
The ruling Dominican Patriot Party has been entrenched in the nation's military, with all officers required to hold membership and constantly prove their loyalty to the party.
The Party Above All
The ruling Dominican Patriotic Party is working vigilantly to integrate its internal structures with those of the nominal civilian government and inspire loyalty through propaganda amongst the people.
Ex Uno Plura
From one, many. The Dominican dictatorship has been partially reformed and a modicum of democracy and rule of law has returned.
Political Vigilance
The values of the martial regime of the Dominican Republic are slowly but surely being disseminated to the nation's people.
Viva El Jefe
Rafael Trujillo has emerged from the forefront of the Dominican military to totally undisputed authority over the entire nation.
New Normal
Political realities in the Dominican Republic have shifted. The nation has opened its doors to private enterprise, especially the agricultural sector, like never before.
Constructing Capital Ship
The Dominican Republic is shifting its entire economic apparatus for the production of a massive new capital ship.
Constructing Cruisers
The Dominican Republic is shifting much of its economic apparatus for the production of a new fleet of modern cruisers.
Naval Construction Programme
The Dominican Republic is funding construction of small military ships.
Clandestine Invasion Planning
Costa Rica is secretly planning to invade a country which has drawn its ire.
Latent Antihaitianismo
Occupation of Haiti: $VALUE|=-%0$
The Rojos Won the Election
The Republicanos Won the Election
Trujillo's Coups Succeeds
Estrella Defeated Trujillo
Trujillo Defeated Estrella
Estrella's Term Has Ended
Estrella Honoured His Promises to the Elites
Estrella Did not Honour His Promises to the Elites
Haiti Has Declined the Summit
Haiti Has Issued Economic Sanctions
This focus will unlock once our political direction is finalised
This focus will unlock once our political direction is finalised and Black Monday has happened
This focus will unlock following the end of the Constitutional Convention
§GThe consensus of the convention is implemented!§!
§GThe bonus from the \
§GThis event will help end the Depression!§!\n
§GThese focuses will unlock once all prior events have been completed.§!\n
A small force of volunteers arrives in our capital!
The American Occupation of the Dominican Republic ended in 1924 and full political control was returned soon after, but within a mere few years, the nation's new democratic constitution would face challenges both within and without. While Democracy has so far survived in the nation, the schism of the long-ruling Red Party has again put the constitution's survival in jeopardy.
GFX_DOM_intro
A Troubling Time
From 1916 to 1924, the Dominican Republic was occupied by the United States. While the occupation was less severe than in neighbouring Haiti, the country was nonetheless transformed. The old political establishment was turned on its head and the centre-left completely destroyed; much power was granted by the occupiers to power-hungry military leaders, especially the ambitious Rafael Trujillo.\n\nA new democratic constitution was drafted in 1924 and the nation regained its independence soon after, with full financial control being returned by the Americans a few years later. Initially, the new nation prospered and its institutions were rebuilt; however, this would not last for long. President Horacio Vásquez attempted to change the constitution for his own gain, and while he was narrowly forced out by Vice President Federico Velázquez, the nation's democracy was forever weakened. After several lacklustre presidencies from the ranks of the Red party, the conservative populist Virgilio Martínez Reyna defeated the pro-business Rafael Estrella Ureña in a campaign which would shatter the Red party and further hindered the recovery of national stability. While President Martínez is popular with the lower classes, his steady centralisation of power and willingness to change the constitution, eerily similar to the actions of Vásquez himself, have alienated the wealthy. With the next election rapidly approaching, perhaps desperation could precipitate upheaval.
§MRojos§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have Estrella storm out of the clandestine meeting with Trujillo.\n£white_dot Have Martínez secure another term in the presidential elections.\n\n§MRepublicanos§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot follow the same steps as above, but have Estrella win the elections.\n\n§MDominicanos - Trujillo§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have a deal reached in the clandestine meeting and have the coup succeed by occupied the capital.\n£white_dot Have Estrella give in and stay loyal.
A Clandestine Meeting
In a nondescript building on the edge of Santo Domingo, two of the most powerful men in the Dominican Republic sit around a table. Rafael Estrella Ureña, candidate in the upcoming Presidential Election and head of the Republicano party, and Rafael Trujillo Molina, Chief of the Armed Forces - both seeking the same increasingly scarce commodity: power. The two men have entirely different visions for the country, however, and in the short time since the meeting began, Estrella has become increasingly wary of Trujillo and the role that is demanded of him should they endeavour to take power together.
Estrella storms out.
A deal is reached.
Republicano Coup
Today in Santo Domingo, what many had feared has become reality. Fanatic armed supporters of Estrella have entered the city and occupied many government buildings. Meanwhile, the army under Rafael Trujillo has refused to leave their barracks, with Trujillo treasonously claiming to be 'neutral' with regards to the attempted coup. Some of the city's police force, however, and many supporters of President Reyna have also come out in droves to fight the coup.
The instigators are dispersed.
The capital is occupied.
Presidential Election
At last, the long awaited Presidential Election has arrived, ballots have been cast across the nation and results are already being counted. While some feared that Martínez may attempt to undermine the integrity of the election with his authority, the process so far seems to be entirely valid. Now the only question is who the winner shall be.
With the failure of Estrella and the Republicanos' attempted coup, Martínez now commands an insurmountable lead over the only other candidate with any substantial following, Manuel Troncoso Concha, who is widely considered to be a puppet of General Rafael Trujillo Molina, himself having fallen out of popular favour and reduced in political significance as a result of his refusal to quell the attempted coup - an act for which many demand Trujillo be tried before a court of law.
Martínez secures another term.
Estrella takes it.
Estrella's Dilemma
Though at first smitten with his newfound power, President Estrella quickly found General Trujillo to be an even more aggravating ally than Martínez was an enemy. Beyond that, Trujillo has all but confirmed that he intends to partially renege on the agreement which precipitated the coup. Namely, he intends not to allow Estrella to stand for the next (entirely rigged) Presidential election. While Trujillo may now hold much political power, Estrella's supporters have likewise grown in strength and it may be feasible for Estrella to attempt to resist Trujillo and take control of the country himself.
Estrella resists.
Estrella gives in.
Estrella's Term At An End
Rafael Estrella Ureña's time as provisional President is now at an end. A show election has been held where Trujillo's handpicked candidate, Manuel Troncoso Concha, was the only option on the ballot. While Estrella may have had some degree of independence from Trujillo, Troncoso is considered to be but a mere puppet, with all political power now lying in the hands of either Trujillo himself or the military in general.
Trujillo is now President in all but name.
Estrella Replaces Trujillo's Appointees
Convinced that he can indeed defeat Trujillo in a power struggle, President Estrella has dismissed figures within his cabinet originally appointed at Trujillo's behest. Trujillo will certainly respond to this slight, though the extent to which he will reprimand Estrella is yet to be seen.
So iz begins...
Allies No Longer
During a sizeable rally of Republicano supporters, mostly from the upper classes, the small police contingent supervising the event suddenly found itself inundated with belligerent soldiers clearly loyal to Trujillo. It became clear soon thereafter that those soldiers were but a small contingent of the many that had entered the city to take control over the civilian government. Just as when Martínez was unceremoniously ejected from the from government, city workers including police, remain largely loyal to the civilian administration and popular opinion is firmly against Trujillo's latest power grab.
The soldiers disperse.
Trujillo takes the government.
Black Monday in the Dominican Republic
Our nation's tentative recovery from the American Great Depression has fallen apart with the collapse of the German Economy following Black Monday. It seems our country is in for yet more economic hardship.
Surely the economy cannot get even worse?
The Constitutional Assembly Convenes
The Constitutional Assembly is often considered by outside observers to be the upper-house of the supposedly bicameral legislature of the country, and indeed the Assembly does approve or reject legislation passed by the lower-house known as the 'Congress'. Its role, however, is much greater than that. Upon a Presidential decree, the Assembly can be convened to amend the Constitution or even replace it entirely.\n\nNow, with President Martínez's decree and the agenda for this special session of the Assembly finalised, the Assembly has convened. The order of the day is to overhaul the Dominican Constitution. To what degree the document will be modified, or if it will even be replaced entirely remains to be seen.\n\nWhile so far small changes have been agreed to, one particular issue has caused much disagreement among the members of the Assembly. That being that given the political manoeuvring of the military, whether or not the military should be moved to a so-called Constitutional Department. Such a move would place the actions of the military under constant review by the Assembly in the future to assure that all of its actions, no matter how small, agree in full with the Constitution. While obviously doing so would restrain the military, it would also add a new layer of bureaucracy to it and possibly prevent decisive action in times of crisis.
The armed forces must be independent.
The military should be constrained.
Constitutional Convention Issue Two
With pressure mounting and no clear successor having emerged, President Martínez with the shaky approval of the Constitutional Assembly was allowed to run for a second term following the narrow passage of a new amendment. Many Assemblymen and citizens alike wish to see this change undone and a new amendment passed specifying that the one term limit is immutable. Others believe that the potential for re-election should remain and itself be more fully written into the constitution. This divide has stalled the constitutional convention yet again and could be narrowly resolved in either direction.
Abolish re-election once and for all.
Cement the two-term limit.
Constitutional Convention Issue Three
Just as the convention seemed all but concluded, yet another contentious issue arose. In other countries, the executive is almost the sole fiduciary of the state, wielding great power to direct the nation financially. In our own country, however, the financial duties of the President are quite limited. Many argue that this exacerbated the Great Depression and stalled our response to the devastating hurricane of 1930. Should the financial powers of the President be expanded?
Leave it as it is.
The President must have greater financial powers.
The Trial
While the rumours of a potential coup attempt prior to the election were unfounded, evidence of General Trujillo's disloyalty abounds. Today, after a week of detention by forces loyal only to the President himself, Trujillo has been brought before a criminal court in Santo Domingo on charges of treason. While some would like to see Trujillo rot in prison for the remainder of his life, others argue that the whole affair is so transparently farcical and he should only be stripped of his command and nothing more.
The coup failed, but the country is still rife with supporters of Trujillo and those among the elite who would still back Estrella. As the two men were dragged before a court in Santo Domingo today, the president himself seemed consumed by anxiety over whether to intervene in the trial. While the court will surely sentence both men harshly, their supporters may only become dangerously desperate in that case. Perhaps, with presidential intervention, the men could be given lighter sentence and avoid such turmoil.
A harsh sentence.
Show leniency.
Righting The Betrayal
Following the failure of his attempted coup, General Trujillo fled into the borderlands along with his most loyal followers. A small number of his lieutenant had reached out to our government shortly after the flight offering to deliver Trujillo to us for his inevitable execution in return for clemency. Today, he is to meet his fate.
Through winning the presidential election, President Estrella now must confront the man with whom he once plotted a coup. Surely, Estrella reasons, if Trujillo would attempt to orchestrate one coup, he would definitely do so twice, despite the collapse of the first. An assassin's bullet will surely do the trick.
Such a pitiable excuse for a man.
A Winning Move?
President Estrella's connections to the nation's economic elite allowed him to seriously challenge his rivals within the Rojo party, and eventually break away entirely. Since his rise to power, his former backers have become increasingly angry with their not seeing any support from the new administration. Unwilling to make good on his promises of deep economic concessions, Estrella has been searching for a way out of his predicament. Like a game of chess, he has begun to mobilise all his pieces, all those who are loyal strictly to him, for one decisive move to corner his opponents.
Offer a draw.
Checkmate.
The New Regime
Since Estrella's departure from the presidency, our nation's political structure has become increasingly convoluted, with various aspects of the civilian government being sufficiently, but not entirely, subverted by the military. From this, a peculiar situation has developed, where, in spite of Trujillo's dominant position, other military leaders have begun to act like warlords in the military districts in which they operate, with Trujillo becoming akin to a crime boss, loosely lording over them. General Trujillo has recognised that this sorry state of affairs must come to an end; where there is jurisdictional overlap, some must be dismissed from their posts, where some commanders grow too big for their britches, they must be forcibly removed, and the Presidency can no longer be simply provisional. Whether Troncoso should continue to serve, or Trujillo should simply assume the position earlier than previously planned, is still a matter of debate, however.
Keep Manuel Troncoso.
Appoint Trujillo Early.
A Diligent Bureaucracy
Disloyalty from those in the bureaucracy has already become an administrative burden, and the issue is sure to only grow if nothing is done. While those in our government have agreed on what to do to combat the problem, that being the creation of a new state security agency to root out troublemakers, the method of implementation is far more contentious. On one hand, some, especially those civilians who have thrown their lot in with the military, argue that the new agency should be a formal bureaucratic department, those within the military are split over whether to create a similar agency under the auspices of the armed forces alone, or to formalise Trujillo's already established 42 agency.
A formal security department.
A new clandestine security service.
Expand the 42.
Ensuring Military Loyalty
Disillusionment from within is an unfortunate reality of politics. Of course, such people, who are ultimately good but have gone astray, are pitied. The question is then, how can they be righted again? It is clear that the solution is institutional and should come with our reforms of the bureaucracy. To that, we could either attempt to aggressively promote the just nature of our government through mandatory re-education whenever necessary, simply rely on redoubled martial discipline, or task our new security service with bringing such people into line.
Educate the disillusioned.
Further improve discipline.
Use the security service.
A Militarised Economy?
The armed forces are remarkably good at eliminating waste through discipline, similarly, many within the armed forces, including General Trujillo argue that the country as a whole should be run in a similar way. That being, regulation should focus not on individual economic issues, nor should the economic bureaucracy attempt to control minutia, indeed such only causes economic harm, rather the basic economic behaviour of society and individuals must be aggressively moulded. The same all-encompassing hierarchy with its order and rigid discipline must be reflected across the entire nation.
This is a bad idea.
Do it!
Reorganising The Foreign Ministry
Diplomats abroad have so far largely been unaffected by our regime's ascendance, and many undoubtedly are sympathetic to our opposition. While the need to replace most of these diplomats is apparent, how this should be done is a matter of debate. Some argue that the transition should be gradual, with promises made to our diplomats ensuring the security of their positions and asking only for loyalty and that they faithfully carry out their duties. Others suggest that the entire diplomatic core should be reorganised so as to elevate those whose loyalties are assured and marginalise those suspected of harbouring dissenting ideas. Trujillo and his supporters suggest that nothing less than total loyalty is acceptable and any and all diplomats with murky loyalties should be dismissed and their country of residence petitioned for their extradition.
Gradual transition.
Approve the reorganisation.
Demand total loyalty.
Finding A Solution
Many of the nation's most prominent families and individuals remain staunchly opposed to our government, especially given our treatment of Estrella, a man deeply in their pockets. Indeed, military men are cut from a different cloth than the country's traditional ruling class, and they will not stand to be unceremoniously replaced. Some, however, are open to collaboration with our regime, and indeed, many prominent lawyers and businessmen do owe our regime their loyalty already. What approach should be taken in settling this issue?
Reconciliation.
Degradation.
Annihilation.
Entrench The Party
To maintain our national stability and unity, the fate of the nation and that of the party must be inseparable. The exact way to integrate the party and encourage membership however, is hotly debated. What should be done?
Mere promotion is preferable.
Require officers to join.
Institutionalise it.
Awash With Light
Our nation sorely lags behind the rest of the world in electrification. As emerging technologies and industries rely heavily on electrical power, it is pertinent that the gap be closed immediately. While Trujillo has argued for substantial state investment in the process, the sheer cost of such an endeavour has thrown many others for a loop. Alternative proposals to cut costs by working with various industrial concerns throughout the country to create a privatised electric grid, or to focus on electrifying military installations and state-owned industries first have been made in response.
Side with business interests.
The military comes first.
Trujillo makes a good point.
Electrification Finished
Through generous incentive packages, backroom meetings, and shady informal cash transfers, the nation's industrial concerns were made to immediately shift their focus to the construction of a new electrical grid. The new privatised system, while cost effective, cannot be fully utilised by the state. Regardless, the new electrical grid has already been a boon to the state, the people, and private enterprise alike.
The military must always come first, and today, the grandest monument to that dominance has been completed. A new electrical grid was hastily constructed by bands of army work brigades, linking various military installations and government buildings throughout the country. Many rural areas, however, remain entirely without power as the cost was simply to great.
Due largely to our sizeable financial commitment, the electrification process was a total success, finishing on schedule and to the satisfaction of all levels of society. The cost was steep, but it seems to have been fully worth the investment.
Great.
Special Election
Without some degree of democracy, the people are sure to become increasingly unruly. To avoid that inevitability, even the highest office must be elected. Any candidate, however, must not just be acceptable, but drawn from the highest ranks of the party. To that end, two candidates have been approved for the election, Carlos Manuel 'Pilindo' Bonetti Burgos, a lawyer and cultural icon, and General Ramón Vásquez Rivera, both under the banner of the Dominican Party.
While some proposed to do away with the often troublesome legislative branch and perhaps any semblance of democracy entirely, the cost of such a move was simply too great. To lend legitimacy to our government, elections for the Presidency have been organised. While originally, General Ramón Vásquez Rivera was to run unopposed with Trujillo's consent, Trujillo, soon thereafter decided to announce his own candidacy, much to the chagrin of other officers wary of his still somewhat dominant positions both in civilian and military affairs.
Go with Bonetti.
Rivera.
Trujillo is allowed to run.
Dismantle Legislative Resistance
Within the halls of the legislature, something of an opposition has begun to fester. Dissatisfied with our regimes failure to fully appease one interest group or another, many congressmen would show their gratitude towards our regime through knavish scheming and general mischief. With the legislature now more or less entirely marginalised, the legislature can be done away with entirely. Alternatively, congressmen who refuse to cooperate can be done away with and some semblance of democracy maintained.
Retain it de jure.
Completely Abolish The Legislature.
A Flagship?
As the nations of the world again compete to produce newer and larger designs as they did during the dreadnought race, smaller countries such as ours only grow more unable to resist invasion. To avoid a new occupation, we need a navy able to go toe to toe, for a short time at least, with the great powers and hold its own. To accomplish this, we could, as has been advocated by many in our growing navy, to build a flagship from the husk of whatever outdated behemoth we can acquire to retrofit as the lynchpin of the new fleet, a dreadnought of our own. This, however, while enticing, idea would undoubtedly be extremely costly and require our entire economic apparatus to pivot, and potentially have long-lasting financial effects.
Focus on smaller designs.
Cruisers - a compromise.
Build it.
Construction Ramps Up
After months of disruption to the national economy to accommodate the construction of a new dreadnought flagship, production has gotten fully under way.
No pain no gain.
Flagship Finished
After over a year of construction and the nation's productive capacity focused almost entirely on the project, our capital ship has been completed.
It paid off in the end.
Construction Ramps Up
After months of disruption to the national economy to accommodate the construction of a fleet of modern cruisers, production has gotten fully under way.
Cruisers Finished
After nearly a year of construction and the nation's productive capacity focused heavily on the project, our new fleet has been completed.
Take to the Skies
To begin with, our air force needs both planes and air bases. While the latter is obviously more important to the force itself, our severe lack of air infrastructure is a more easily remedied issue.
Build the bases.
Produce simple aircraft.
The Monte Cristi Affair
In the town of Monte Cristi, a large number of migrants from Haiti have taken up residency in makeshift hovels. Tensions with local security forces have long grown and festered and have now boiled over as dozens of migrants were brutally beaten and unspeakable indignities committed against the virtue of their women. While Haiti has yet to respond to the incident, information will surely reach them in a matter of days, possibly less, and how we treat the men who committed these acts will have diplomatic repercussions. President Martínez, while like any self-respecting Dominican wary of Haiti and its people, wishes to discipline the men and attempt to discourage similar incidents in the future, however, national pride and the advice to the contrary from those within his party and cabinet have caused in him a great deal of indecision.
In the town of Monte Cristi, a large number of migrants from Haiti have taken up residency in makeshift hovels. Tensions with local security forces have long grown and festered and have now boiled over as dozens of migrants were brutally beaten and unspeakable indignities committed against the virtue of their women. While Haiti has yet to respond to the incident, information will surely reach them in a matter of days, possibly less, and how we treat the men who committed these acts will have diplomatic repercussions. President Estrella is indecisive on the issue and could be persuaded to take action one way or the other, or even do nothing at all as he weighs the benefits and diplomatic repercussions of possibilities.
In the town of Monte Cristi, a large number of migrants from Haiti have taken up residency in makeshift hovels. Tensions with local security forces have long grown and festered and have now boiled over as dozens of migrants were brutally beaten and unspeakable indignities committed against the virtue of their women. While Haiti has yet to respond to the incident, information will surely reach them in a matter of days, possibly less, and how we treat the men who committed these acts will have diplomatic repercussions. Our government, while certainly supportive of the actions of the soldiers, is hesitant to support them precisely because of the potential for diplomatic or even armed backlash.
Discipline the men.
Do not address the incident.
Commend these heroes.
News From The Border
The borderlands have always been a place of conflict between our people and the Dominicans. Today, news has arrived that those reactionary bastards across the border have committed unspeakable atrocities upon a group of Haitian workers residing in the seaside town of Monte Cristi. While their government did ultimately reprimand the soldiers who committed these acts, they have made no move to assist the victims of their actions. Obviously, such a crime upon our people cannot simply be disregarded, but how exactly should we respond?
The borderlands have always been a place of conflict between our people and the Dominicans. Today, news has arrived that those bastards across the border have committed unspeakable atrocities upon a group of Haitian workers residing in the seaside town of Monte Cristi. While their government did ultimately reprimand the soldiers who committed these acts, they have made no move to assist the victims of their actions. President Lescot, while personally infuriated by the news, has shown hesitation at the prospect of responding forcibly to the incident. Such an action could potentially lead to war on the island, a prospect potentially devastating to both of our nations.
Concessions Or War!
Demand Reparations.
Express Concern.
Petition The Americans
Choosing a Mediator
As the fallout from the Monte Cristi affair continues to mount, it becomes clear that we will not be able to challenge the Dominicans without foreign assistance.
[HAI.FactionLeader.GetNameDefCap]
The Americans have always been a fair mediator.
Haiti Threatens War!
In response to the incident at Monte Cristi, Haiti has threatened war unless we renounce our claims on disputed territories in the Artibonite Valley completely and agree to pay a sizeable indemnity. These demands are obvious totally unreasonable and cannot be complied with, and as a result, fear that war could arrive on Hispaniola has gripped our government. While some still hold out that the threat is a mere bluff and should be disregarded, others insist on immediately working to construct fortifications along the border and move troops to defensive positions. As well, with the turmoil in America at an end, perhaps we could petition our great neighbour to the north for assistance.
In response to the incident at Monte Cristi, Haiti has threatened war unless we renounce our claims on disputed territories in the Artibonite Valley completely and agree to pay a sizeable indemnity. These demands are obvious totally unreasonable and cannot be complied with, and as a result, fear that war could arrive on Hispaniola has gripped our government. While some still hold out that the threat is a mere bluff and should be disregarded, others insist on immediately working to construct fortifications along the border and move troops to defensive positions.
Secure the border and prepare for war.
Call their bluff.
Haiti Demands Reparations
In response to the incident at Monte Cristi, Haiti has demanded an official apology from our government as well as monetary reparations both to Haiti itself and the individuals wronged; in exchange, should we accept, they have promised to temporarily control the flow of migrants across the border and work with us towards a permanent solution. Failure to accept their demands, they assure us, will be met with a strong response. While this threat could be a mere bluff, the mere possibility of war may necessitate a degree of fortification of the border should we refuse their request.
Refuse and secure the border.
Accept their demands.
Haiti Expresses Concern
The response from Haiti to the incident at Monte Cristi was extremely concerning - a simple expression of concern, no demands and no true condemnation, no threat of war as some had feared. Reports from the border tell a far different story, with some soldiers reporting movements of Haitian units in the Artibonite Valley in what could precipitate an invasion. Perhaps these reports are false or perhaps the Haitian response is but a ruse. If it is genuine, the possibility for a diplomatic settlement to the border dispute may now be within reach.
It could be a ruse... Secure the border!
Push for a permanent settlement.
Haiti Petitions [FROM.GetNameDef]
Haiti has petitioned for [FROM.GetAdjective] mediation of the Monte Cristi affair and the disputes in the Artibonite region in general. We can only wait for the [FROM.GetAdjective] response to the request.
Wait and see...
The Dominicans Prepare For War
Our threat was not taken lightly by the Dominican regime. They have denied our ultimatum and begun to hastily construct defensive positions along the border, readying their reserves in case war really does consume the island. Shall do as we promised and tear Hispaniola asunder or back away from the potential conflict?
And war they shall have!
Back down.
The Dominicans Disregard Our Threat
Our ultimatum was disregarded completely, with the only response being near mockery. It seems the Dominican Republic thinks as little of our word as they do our people, the word 'bluff' all but rolling off their tongues.
Give those fools the gun.
How right they were - back down!
The Dominicans Disregard Our Demands
The Dominican response to our demand of reparations has been one of mockery. They have disregarded it completely, and all but dared us to respond.
Sanction them.
Back down.
Give those fools the gun.
The Dominicans Accept Our Demands
The Dominican Republic has agreed to compensate victims of Monte Cristi and issue a formal apology as well as try those responsible for atrocities. While tensions remain high, they are rapidly receding and the possibility for even a settlement appears in reach as people on both sides of the border have come to realise the necessity of settlement.
Excellent!
The Dominicans Militarise The Border
The Dominican Republic has responded disproportionately to our expression of concern for the incident in Monte Cristi, like an animal sensing weakness, they have deployed troops to the borderlands and built makeshift fortifications in key positions. Our position in the borderlands has weakened and it seems that the Dominicans may now press their full claim on the Artibonite Valley.
Back down.
Petition a foreign power to mediate.
Give those fools the gun.
A Peculiar Proposal
While our weak response to the Monte Cristi incident has sparked condemnation and anger at home, the Dominican Republic seems to have understood such a response as an informal offer of diplomacy. They have proposed that we solve the border and migrant issues once and for all, meeting in their capital to come to a mutually acceptable agreement on those two very divisive issues.
We Must Attend!
How Brazen. We Shall Not!
Haiti Asks For Mediation
Years ago, American Marines occupied the entirety of the island of Hispaniola, and the ceaseless enmity between Haiti and the Dominican Republic was kept in check. Recently, however, a widely publicised incident of abuse between Dominican troops and Haitian migrants has reignited tensions over the disputed lands in the Artibonite Valley and with it the age old rivalry between the nations of Hispaniola. In response to increasingly aggressive actions on the part of the Dominicans and a general unwillingness to negotiate, Haiti has requested that we act as mediator in the dispute, putting an end to at least the border conflict once and for all.
Agree to mediate the dispute.
Refuse to mediate.
To hell with the Dominicans!
We agree with the Dominicans, actually.
Haiti Declares War
Though it seemed to be a toothless bluff at the time, Haiti has made good on their threat of war. Hispaniola, it seems, will be bathed in blood, Haitian and Dominican alike.
As was feared, Haiti has declared war upon us. Hopefully our new ramparts along the border hold and our country remain intact. Regardless, Hispaniola will be bathed in blood, Haitian and Dominican alike.
Hispaniola is torn asunder...
Haiti Backs Down
It seems that Haiti was unwilling to push the issue of Monte Cristi any further. They have fully backed down from this rather unfortunate diplomatic row. Hopefully, with this issue firmly in the past and Haitian weakness laid bare, a favourable border settlement can be reached.
They are as spineless as ever!
Haiti Issues Sanctions
In response to our disregard for their demands, Haiti has enacted economic sanctions, doing what it can to limited trade between our two nations. While this will hurt them as much as it will us, the goal of the move is obvious: pressure us into de-escalation and a settlement.
Nothing was lost, really.
Another Way Forward
Haiti Fails To Honour The Deal
While Haiti's refusal to work towards a permanent diplomatic settlement was disappointing to say the least, its total refusal to live up to even the apparent lip-service paid to our nation in the first place was completely unexpected. The situation in the borderland has returned fully to what it was before the Monte Cristi affair with no end in sight. We cannot continue on like this, we must take action.
With our reluctant acceptance of Haiti's demands of reparations they agreed to work towards a solution while temporarily working to stem migration. No offer of diplomacy has come, nor has any attempt to reduce migration been made. Clearly, we must take the initiative. Some in our government wish to secretly prepare for conflict against Haiti while others wish to push for a partial diplomatic settlement.
Secretly prepare for war.
Haiti Agrees
Haiti has accepted our proposal for a diplomatic summit to address our mutual border disputes and concerns of migration. Preparations are being made for the venue in Santo Domingo at this very moment!
Great!
Haiti Declines
Haiti has declined our offer diplomacy. While tensions have subsided after all this time, but with no permanent solution in sight, tensions may flare up again, and soon.
Their loss.
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Mediation
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have agreed to mediate the border dispute. Any reservations both we or our enemies across the border may have had must now be put to rest, for we cannot risk the wrath of America.
We wait and see.
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Refuse To Mediate
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have refused to mediate the border dispute. Tensions have been high since the American announcement and an uneasy stalemate has settled over the area.
Well, this will certainly be interesting.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Haiti
As was expected, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government sided with their Haitian compatriots. While we may wish to protest the decision, there is little we can do, lest of course, we would so foolishly risk a confrontation with [FROM.GetNameDef] itself.
We have no choice...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Us
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] have fully side with us in our border disputes with the Dominican Republic, ending decades of conflict. While the Dominicans may resent the decision, the [FROM.GetAdjective] army is far too powerful for them to effectively resist.
At last, a foreign power does us justice!
The Americans Side With Us
While a century ago, American South clamoured for our nation's annexation, it seems the [FROM.GetAdjective] is anything but our enemy; they have unequivocally rejected Haitian claims to the dispute lands in the Artibonite Valley, awarding all territories to us.
Thank ya' kindly.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Sides With Dominicans
[FROM.GetNameDefCap], as might have been expected given the present state of that nation's Black population, has sided fully with the Dominican Republic, warning us to drop all claim to the disputed territories or risk their ire.
The Americans screw us once again...
A New Idea
The sanctions enacted by the Haitian government following the mutually unsatisfactory outcome of the Monte Cristi incident have had a severe economic impact across our shared island. With Haiti unwilling to negotiate unless their original demands are met, it seems if the issues of the disputed territories and Haitian migration are to be solved, we must do so independently.\n\nWhile certainly a radical proposal, many within the government, and especially the armed forces, wish to put a decisive end to the issue through military force. Not force directed against Haiti itself however; this force will be directed at Haitian migrants living in areas of the borderland of strategic importance.\n\nNot only would such a gruesome event end the threat of Haitian migration, freeing important towns and cities of potential fifth columnists, but it may also force Haiti to respond. Should we choose to go through with this plan, there must be a good deal of preparation and we must also be willing to accept the potential for international backlash.
Do it.
This can only lead to backlash.
Hispaniola Mediation
The Artibonite Valley, the main artery of both western Haiti and the borderlands, has been the site of a territorial dispute between the nations of Hispaniola since the very inception of the Dominican Republic. While most of the border was fully defined during the American occupations of both Haiti and the Dominican Republic, within the Artibonite, there still exist a number of overlapping claims. While the difference between one nation's claim and the other's amounts to only a few dozen square miles of land, a gulf of mutual national pride seems to stretch endlessly. To whom should we award the disputed land?
Side with the Dominicans.
Side with Haiti.
Perejil
In the borderland, all hell has broken loose. In a chilling act of violence inconceivable even when preparing the operation, our soldiers have made quick work of many Haitian communities in strategically important areas firmly on our side of the border. Surely, Haiti will respond to the matter with force; nothing such as this could be forgiven even by God, let alone by our near Satanic enemies themselves, and we must be ready for anything.
A necessary evil.
Ending The Stalemate
Tried But True
The sanctions enacted by the Haitian government following the mutually unsatisfactory outcome of the Monte Cristi incident have had a severe economic impact across our shared island. With Haiti unwilling to negotiate unless their original demands are met, it seems if the issues of the disputed territories and Haitian migration are to be solved, we must do so independently.\nWhile some still believe that we should simply be more forceful in pushing for a diplomatic resolution to the issues at hand, others call for making secret preparations for war against Haiti, seeing as so far all attempts at diplomacy have been ineffective.
With the [FROM.GetAdjective] unwilling to mediate the conflict, it seems if the issues of the disputed territories and Haitian migration are to be solved, we must do so independently.\nWhile some still believe that we should simply be more forceful in pushing for a diplomatic resolution to the issues at hand, others call for making secret preparations for war against Haiti, seeing as so far all attempts at diplomacy have been ineffective.
Secretly prepare for war.
Seek a limited settlement.
Hispaniola Mediation Wraps Up
Regardless of whose territorial claim is legitimate, the population of the borderland is also quite mixed. In particular, due to the generally more favourable economic state of the Dominican Republic, large numbers of Haitians have begun to cross the border in search of opportunity. This has inspired resentment among the Dominican population, whose nationalist conscious is wary of historic Haitian attempts to annex and assimilate their land; it was one such group of migrants that were victimised by a group of Dominican soldiers in the Monte Cristi affair which brought the issue back to prominence. While the Dominican proposed exchange of populations is simply unfeasible without the full cooperation of both nations on the island, we can either choose to support those migrants already in the Dominican Republic and force the Dominicans to pay reparations for the Monte Cristi affair, or instead force Haiti to attempt to stop the flow of migrants.
Force Haiti to curtail migration.
The Dominicans must pay.
Horror
The Dominican Republic has done the unthinkable. In a disgusting display of barbarity, they have begun to attempt to instill terror in Haitians living on their side of the border, targeting civilians as readily as armed men rushing to defend their wives and children from this senseless slaughter. Surely, we must respond to this incident, but if we do anything short of declaring war, our population, which is currently out for Dominican blood, will be dissatisfied. To them, and to the Dominicans as well, mere condemnation will be as good as having backed down from the conflict entirely. On the more positive, however, should we decide to declare war, we are sure to command a great deal of public support and will likely be able to draw a good number of volunteers into the fight.
To war!
We cannot.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Mediation Finished
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has sided fully with us in the disputes over the Artibonite Valley and borderland as a whole. While our undoubtedly distraught neighbour may wish to protest, America is simply too mighty for them to resist. All that remains if for a formal exchange of territories to be organised and an all-encompassing border treaty signed. This is a great day for our nation!
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has drawn up a compromise in the disputes over the Artibonite Valley and borderland as a whole. While not fully satisfying to either our nation or our neighbour, such a moderate outcome is also not painful for either party to accept. All that remains if for a formal exchange of territories to be organised and an all-encompassing border treaty signed.
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has sided against us in the disputes over the Artibonite Valley and borderland as a whole. While we are completely distraught by this outcome and may wish to protest, America is simply too mighty to resist. All that remains if for a formal exchange of territories to be organised and an all-encompassing border treaty signed. This is a horrible day for our nation.
Excellent.
So be it.
Damn.
Haiti Declares War
In response to our actions, Haiti has declared war, with a host of volunteers angered by our actions swelling their ranks.
War it is then.
Haiti Backs Down
Shockingly, Haiti has merely issued a condemnation of our actions and chosen not to initiate a war. Our position in the borderland has surely strengthened and we may now move forward towards a limited settlement on strong ground.
Great!
Dominican Resistance
Dominican resistance to our control over their government is growing steadily with our armed forces barely able to keep control of our supposed puppet regime let alone the civilian population. If the situation is to get any more out of hand, we may have a full scale revolt on our hands.
The Dominicans are becoming restless. Even the President who we ourselves installed, [DOM.GetLeader], is proving difficult to control. As well, our military forces in the country suffer steady harassment from the Dominican civilian population. Overall, the situation is becoming increasingly difficult. Perhaps we could even have a rebellion on our hands at some point.
This must not get out of hand.
Dominican Rebellion
Our regime in the Dominican Republic has collapsed today as factions angry with outcome of the war seized control of the government. Realising that war was an inevitability, they have pre-emptively begun to move their militias to the border and issued an official declaration of war against our government.
Another war then.
Haitian Resistance
Resistance towards our regime has seemingly grown as a great sense of anxiety has swept the nation. Port-Au-Prince is especially tense with air even seeming to take a rather guarded feeling. Something, perhaps even a rebellion, is coming, and we must prepare.
Haitian Rebellion
Our regime in Haiti has collapsed today as factions angry with outcome of the war seized control of the government. Realising that war was an inevitability, they have pre-emptively begun to move their militias to the border and issued an official declaration of war against our government.
The Fate Of The Dominican Republic
At last, the guns have fallen silent, the Dominican Republic has been defeated. Under our soldiers' watchful eye, the Dominican are beginning to form a new, more agreeable government, and preparations are being made for the partial withdrawal of our forces.
Problem solved!
Haiti Put In Its Place
At last, the guns have fallen silent, Haiti has been defeated. Under our soldiers' watchful eye, the Haitians are beginning to form a new, more agreeable government, and preparations are being made for the partial withdrawal of our forces.
Troubling News From Costa Rica
In a grand speech before the people of San José just days ago, Costa Rican president José Figueres Ferrer seemed to indicate a conviction to aggressively combat regimes ideologically inconsistent with his own, even going so far as to indicate our own fair nation as a particular egregious enemy. With his proclamation today of a new alliance of Democratic States in the Central America and the Caribbean, fear of conflict consumed our government anew.\n\nWhile Costa Rica is no military power, nonetheless it could still pose a threat to our national security, and in the event that open war were to break out, those who support Ferrer's ideas among our own population may be liable to take up arms against us. Luckily, we have a plan: put an end to Ferrer now and forever. It will take a week at least for the plan to come to fruition, and God only knows what that mad man will do before then.
Put the plan in motion.
Too risky, surely he could never invade.
Assassination Attempt Foiled
What began as any other day for José Figueres Ferrer had before noon become anything but. Saved from an assassin's bullet only by the intervention of a passer-by, it was discovered that both the would-be assassin and passer-by were both foreign agents. The assassin sent by the government of the Dominican Republic worried over our recent foreign policy decisions, and the passer-by sent by a Dominican resistance underground Democratic resistance group to foil the plot and offer the services of his organisation in the struggle against the Dominican Regime.\n\nApparently, Dominican resistance to that country's tyrannical regime has at last coalesced into a true movement; one which has accumulated a substantial amount of armaments and ammunition. Should we declare war upon the present Dominican regime, now or in the future, they have promised to stage a rebellion in support.
We will accept their offer...
Just not right now.
Our Plot Exposed!
Our attempt to assassinate President Ferrer has failed spectacularly, with report indicating that a passer-by intervened and stopped our gunman. Likely, our involvement has also been exposed. We now can only await a Costa Rican response.
Prepare for the worst.
Preparations Completed
With our intent to declare war upon the Dominican Republic declared, our nation set to work to secretly begin preparations for a full scale invasion of the Dominican Republic. These preparations were completed and the rebels in the Dominican Republic given word to wait for an official declaration of war to begin their uprising. Today, that declaration has been issued. We must act fast, however, as the element of surprise has been lost and our carefully prepared invasion plan may quickly become useless as the Dominicans strengthen their defences.
To arms, for liberty!
Costa Rica Declares War
The lack of a Costa Rican response to our attempt on President Ferrer's life had puzzled many in our regime, but most had begun to write it off as simply good fortune. Unfortunately, Costa Rica has now responded, and by war declaration at that. Had Costa Rica's declaration of war been the only bad news to reach the capital today, that would have been more than enough to set our government into a panic, but worse still, it seems that a force of rebels has risen in conjunction with their announcement, pledging loyalty to President Ferrer against our supposedly 'tyrannical' regime.
Horrid!
Costa Rica Declares War
As part of its crusade against supposed 'dictators' throughout Central America and the Caribbean, Costa Rica had become increasingly hostile to our diplomatic efforts. While word of their intent to declare war had reached Santo Domingo days ago, the reports were dismissed as unfounded rumours. Surely that fool Ferrer would not attempt such a thing? Alas, today a declaration of war has been issued, our nation is now in open conflict with Costa Rica.
While Costa Rica never responded with outrage at the attempt on President Ferrer's life as many had feared, it seems that particular impasse was not forgiven. Costa Rica has issued a declaration of war against our nation, citing both the assassination attempt and despotic nature of our regime. Had Costa Rica's declaration of war been the only bad news to reach the capital today, that would have been more than enough to set our government into a panic, but worse still, it seems that a force of rebels have risen in conjunction with their announcement, pledging loyalty to President Ferrer against our supposedly 'tyrannical' regime.
A clash of titans!
Dominican Republic
Dominican
the Dominican Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Ramón Marrero Aristy
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1912, in San Rafael del Yuma, La Altagracia, Dominican Republic§!
Pedro Henríquez Ureña
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1884, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile slandered by political opponents for his marriage to the sister of Mexican Syndicalist Vicente Lombardo Toledano, Pedro Henríquez Ureña, son of former president Francisco Henríquez Carvajal, returned to the Dominican Republic after years abroad to a great degree of fanfare. Despite comparisons to his radical brother-in-law, however, Henríquez is by no means a syndicalist; the principled writer is however more than willing to work with any across the political spectrum who subscribe to the view that the Dominican Republic, and indeed all of Latin America, should be entirely free of imperialist influence, and able to fully choose their own destiny.§!
Juan Jimenes Grullón
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1903, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of former president Juan Jimenes Pereyra, despite the decline of progressivism in the Dominican Republic during the American occupation, Jimenes is a true believer of the ideals of his father's Jimenistas. The younger Jimenes entered politics soon after returning to the Dominican Republic in 1929 from Germany, and soon established a small but devoted following.§!
Rafael Estrella Ureña
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1889, in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRafael Estrella Ureña, while ideologically a social and economic reformist, gained a great deal of infamy even before the American occupation for his seemingly endless ambition and lust for political power. Since the end of the occupation, Estrella's name has only become further tainted by his willingness to work closely with both the military and members of the nation's economic elite.§!
Virgilio Martínez Reyna
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1885, in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVirgilio Martínez Reyna was essential to the 1924 election of Horacio Vásquez Lajara as the Dominican Republic's first president since the American Occupation. In his own presidential tenure, he has been equally central to the nation's incessant political turmoil. While popular and far less corrupt than his predecessors, Martínez's failure to quell discontent amongst the nation's economic elite and even begin to address the political power of the Army precipitated the nation's political direction thereafter.\nIdeologically, Martínez draws heavily on a uniquely populous Catholic corporatism, and while indeed not entirely authoritarian, is more than willing to undermine the foundations of Dominican democracy if need be.§!
Manuel Troncoso Concha
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1878, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel Troncoso Concha, once a small-time corporate lawyer, came to public prominence through connections to General Rafael Trujillo. Often accused of being little more than a puppet for Trujillo, Troncoso's fate, despite his denial of such accusations, has become inexorably linked to that of the general.§!
Carlos Manuel Bonetti Burgos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1900, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn aspiring lawyer, skilled baseball player, and the sport's most prolific patron in the Dominican Republic, despite his young age, Carlos Manuel 'Pilindo' Bonetti threw his lot in with Trujillo early, proclaiming his support for the general before fawning crowds on multiple occasions. Now, after winning a presidential election that made few illusions to being fair or free, Bonetti does the general's bidding as little more than a puppet, doing his best to create the illusion of democracy in the Dominican Republic.§!
Rafael Trujillo Molina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1891, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA young Rafael Trujillo so impressed the occupying American Marine Corps. that he was hastily promoted to in the occupation Dominican Army. Trujillo used his position to amass warlord-like control over much of the country. So great was his power and ambition that the various administrations which followed the nation's independence in 1924 each based much of its decision making on preventing him from making a grab for power. Now in full control of the country as he has so long desired, Trujillo works closely with organised crime to line his pockets and strengthen quell descent. He also seeks to bring the tumultuous western border fully under control and eliminate the threat posed by Haitians there once and for all.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1891, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Ramón Vásquez Rivera
§YBorn:§! §Lin Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn early ally of Trujillo, General Ramón Vásquez Rivera is perhaps the most politically ambitious of The Chief's closest confidants. General Rivera was quick to seize the opportunity for political ascendance and now rules in the image of Trujillo.§!
§YBorn:§! §Lin Puerto Rico§!
Hector Porfirio Quezada
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Mauricio Baez Santos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1910, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Antonio de la Maza
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1912, in Moca, Dominican Republic§!
Tomas Baez Diaz
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1909, in Baní, Dominican Republic§!
Fabio Fiallo Cabral
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1866, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!
Andrea Rodriguez Perozo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1879, in San Rafael del Yuma, Dominican Republic§!
Tulio Cestero Leiva
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1877, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Federico Henriquez Carvajal
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1848, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!
Emilio de los Santos
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1903, in San Juan de la Maguana, Dominican Republic§!
Arturo Despradel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1900, in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic§!
Mario Cabral Baez
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Baní, Dominican Republic§!
Jacinto Bienvenido Peynado
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1878, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Jesus da Costa Ruiz
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Anibal Trujillo Molina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1900, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Honoracio Yuna Robles
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Anibal Vallejo Sosa
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic§!
Domingo de los Santos Ortiz
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
CODOTEL
Armeria San Cristóbal
Join the Entente
Join the Reichspakt
