Free Russian Focus Tree
Russia
Russian
Russia
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Free Russia
Free Russian
Free Russia
Free Russian Army
Free Russian
the Free Russian Army
Disgraced General
Marshal of the Old Republic
Russian Caesar
KSR - Esers-Maximalists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Maksimovites
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Esers-Spiridonovists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Social Democrats
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Esers
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Kadets
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Conservatives
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Boldyrevites
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
OHL
German General Staff
KSR - Nationalists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
-
-
GUV
RGTZ
Low Popular Support
Growing Popular Support
Moderate Popular Support
An Army Without a State
Free Army With Free State
Eastern European Recruitment Campaign
There are many Russians who fled the current Russian regime to Ukraine, Belarus or the Baltics. They should have motivation to join our cause!
Free Russian Army
General Boldyrev has worked tirelessly to build the institutions of a modern army for his forces, starting with a Stavka of the Free Russian Forces.
Improvised War Industry
Reichsbank Debt
Anti-Authoritarian Fervour
Anti-Socialist Fervour
Looming Collapse
Era of Rebuilding
Starting Anew
Collapse of the Army
Rebuilding the Russian Army
Don Basin Economic Area
Integration into Mitteleuropa
Republic in Armour
The Siberian War
German Influence
An unfortunate reality of our righteous cause to free the Russian people from tyranny once more is a deal with the devil. As we march through our own country, we march armed in German gear, fighting alongside German soldiers, with even our §aCouncil of Liberation§! including representatives of the Heer. If we prove ourselves to be a valuable ally, for the time being at least, they may even afford to help us advance our army's technology and training up to par with elite German units - and after the peace, by shedding blood in ranks of the Heer, we can expect a seat in the peace negotiations.\n\nWhile German support is an unquestionable advantage in the liberation of Russia, we cannot possibly call ourselves the flame of democracy if we do not listen to the will of our own people. We must also consider the effects of an overabundance of §PGerman influence§!: too much aid from the Germans, and our countrymen may believe they are simply trading a boot made in Moscow for a boot made in Berlin.\n\n§PGerman influence§! is tied to our $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity, and is currently at: [?RSA.party_popularity@paternal_autocrat|H%0]\n
Expand the Corps
Find Military Contracts
We are the last priority for the German military industry, and in practice, acquiring quality armaments relies on us being lucky. Perhaps we can find a German company with a stockpile of Weltkrieg surplus or something equally outdated if we are fortunate.
§PMauser WK1 Surplus§!
§NKrupp WK1 Surplus§!
§cCheap Opel & Hanomag§!
§gUsed Locomotives§!
§nLightly Bruised Armour§!
Prepare Offensive Operation
Ruhr Contracts
Recruit POWs
Saving the Russian Republic
Why are we here? Just to suffer? Every day, Russian blood is shed in service of tyrants and liars of the Kremlin. One can only wonder what man can do against reckless hate. Too much blood has been spilt for the great Russian Republic and its values of freedom and equality to give up now, and go to the bitter end.\n\nIf it is to be our end, let it be remembered that Russian democracy did not go gently but died kicking and screaming. The New Volunteer Army shall, in General Alekseyev's words, 'light a torch, so that there is at least one bright point among the darkness that has engulfed Russia...'\n
Prepare the Caucasus Uprising
Conscript in [FROM.GetName]
Counter [FROM.GetAdjective] Claims
§YVoronezh§!, §YKursk§! and the §YNorth Caucasus§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
§YSmolensk§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
§YPetrozavodsk§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
Restoring Russian Glory
Russian democracy has survived, beaten and battered, but we are here. The price was terrible, in both life and land lost. As the German eagle soars over the world, we must make peace with this new world - but we do not need to accept it unconditionally. Russia is still a Great Power and deserves its own realm even in a German-dominated world.
Talks with [FROM.GetNameDef]
To reclaim our position n the world stage, we need allies. With Europe dominated by Germany and its client states, we must turn our eyes further, overseas, towards [FROM.GetNameDef] and their bloc.
We may attempt to break away from the German sphere.
§RYou can only choose one alliance if multiple are available.§!
Take Siberia
§CWith our current position in the war, the war will end with [FER.GetNameDef] §rgaining all of Siberia§!. Fight on!§!
§CWith our current position in the war, the war will end with a white peace. Should we occupy §YBlagoveshchensk§!, §YKhabarovsk§!, §YVladivostok§!, we will certainly §Gbe victorious§!.§!
Since we currently occupy §YBlagoveshchensk§!, §YKhabarovsk§!, §YVladivostok§!, we will certainly §Gbe victorious§!!
The Second Russian Civil War
The time of exile in Berlin is over! The tyrants in Moscow who have plagued Russia for far too long, and have plunged Eastern Europe into war, have now finally provided the opportunity to launch the war to restore democracy. Even if some may despise the reliance on our German allies, without their assistance our efforts are futile, and without us Germany risks imposing a worse peace on a defeated Russia.
Government of the Liberated Territories
For too long, the people of Russia have thought Boldyrev a traitor and collaborator with the Germans, but with the liberation of parts of the country, the time has come to declare a proper rival government to Moscow. A message to be recognised across the nation that the RSA fights for a Russia free from tyranny and extremism.
The Boldyrevites
Some might suggest that it would be best to cooperate with the political forces in occupied Russia who still wish to see Russia's democracy return, but where were these groups in 1929 when Boldyrev tried to save the republic? Democracy will return to Russia, but it cannot be before the war has ended, and until then the people must rally around Boldyrev and those who stayed with him even in exile.
The Popular Front
The 1929 coup against the government was an effort to save Russia's democracy from the perils of growing extremism presented by the SZRS. Now, with radical forces in control of much of the nation and the RSA as the last bastion of Russian democracy, the political elements of the nation that have been repressed for years will be welcomed to join the struggle for freedom.
Struggle for Russia
This war is not fought as a means of territorial concessions or economic influence; this war is a struggle for the very soul of the motherland. A battle to save Russia from the worst parts of itself. Russia can still avoid the successes of 1917 and 1922 becoming undone, so long as the people of the nation are willing to fight to stop it.
Lay the Foundations
No war can last forever, and eventually the time will come when the forces of [RUS.GetName] have been defeated. Once this time comes, there will be no need to fight longer than necessary, and discussions can begin to end the fighting. The preparations must be made for bringing a swift end to the fighting but also for what will need to be done afterwards.
Punish the Traitors
Even now, as the motherland's people continue to hear Boldyrev's calls for liberation, the [RUS.GetRulingParty] propaganda is spewed, all calling Boldyrev a traitor to Russia, when it is they who have betrayed the people of Russia. Those who have betrayed Russia by washing away all that was fought for during the First Civil War and crushing the will of the people under their boot. Those who have held up its system or continue to try and fight under its banner must be dealt with severely.
Denounce State Terror
Those who rule through fear do so only because they inspire no loyalty or love in the people. Savinkov's obsession with terrorism and violence can only ever lead to Russia becoming a hollowed-out shell of a nation. These policies will be throughly rejected. There must never be another Savinkov.
Enemies of Our Enemy
Finding allies in a war can be hard; thankfully, the many purges by the Svobodniks have given many groups of people who, while having no love for each other, have more than enough reasons to despise Savinkov. It was the infighting after the death of Chernov that allowed for the SZRS to fully take control of the nation. Any attempt to oust them must ensure unity in the movement against them.
Unite the Resistance
The Russian red underground, under the All-Russian Combat Organisation, has been fighting Savinkov ever since he came to power. We frankly share little in common with many of these more fanatical socialists, but we can still ensure that after the war is over, they will not be able to greatly influence the republic. For now, we need to ally with them - anything to bring down the Savinkovist tyranny.
The Last Volunteer Army
We can only return if there is God's grace. But we need to light a torch, so that there is at least one bright point among the darkness that has engulfed Russia...
Resistance of the Faithful
The contempt and hate the socialists have for the church is obvious to any who hear their words for it. Contacts with church communities have provided a way for fostering further resistance and support for fellow anti-socialist groups deeper into the nation. The reds could not destroy the church in the First Civil War; they will not do it in this one.
Another White Movement
It was the white army who brought down the Bolsheviks once, and now, under General Boldyrev, the white movement is uniting against the second red terror. History will vindicate us: we were victorious once, we will be victorious again. All arms against those who seek to desecrate our Russian flag!
Contact Semyonov
Grigory Semyonov is many things - above all a bandit - but what matters is that he is fighting [RUS.GetLeader]'s forces. We need to ensure that after the war is over, he hands over his domain peacefully, so that there may be no more bloodshed.
The Recruitment Issue
The fact is that, under the current circumstances, the recruitment of new soldiers is difficult at best. If the Free Army is to avoid being bled to death, then a substantial effort will be needed to reach out to the Russians living across Eastern Europe outside Russia and towards making those captured soldiers see that fighting for our cause is the only way to save Russia.
Rekindle Volunteerism
When the initial call to arms was given for the nation to rise up against the [RUS.GetRulingParty], there were many who eagerly volunteered to serve. Reviving this spirit will be vital to turning the Free Army into a force capable of liberating Russia and proving it to the nation.
The Underground Orchestra
We cannot accomplish the dream of a Free Russia if we are simply tagging along with German and allied forces. No, the Free Russian Army must be greater. We will do everything we can to cause passive or active resistance against the war, far away from the frontlines, disrupting supply and communications.
Councils for Mobilisation
It will not endear the movement for liberation to the people, but an army composed solely of volunteers will not be able to stand up to the lengths the tyrants will go to in order to win. Councils for mobilising the residents of the liberated territories will be established to ensure that what has been liberated does not fall back to the extremists.
Radio 'Liberty'
A core problem with spreading the message of freeing Russia is fighting the propaganda hiding the true horrors of the tyrants and portraying Boldyrev's cause as only that of a self-interested bootlicker. The creation of a special radio station designed to spread the message of freedom from extremist dictatorship deep into Russia, and why Boldyrev and all righteous Russians have chosen to fight against it.
The Commissariat of Armed Forces
While functional during the exile in Berlin and the initial days of the war, the current organisation of the army is not suitable with the expansion in size that has occurred since. The Commissariat of Armed Forces shall be established to ensure proper management of the army and what little of an airforce is possessed.
Impose Discipline
Opportunists pose a perhaps greater threat to our movement than the Kremlin's forces themselves - many everyday Russians see no point in joining arms with the free forces if all they perceive us to be is a bunch of collaborators and bandits. If we are to fix this, strict hierarchy and discipline must be enforced over the entire army.
Organise Shock Units
Russia is a vast nation, but securing control over it will likely require costly battles over its major cities and the breaking of defensive positions. Naturally, Boldyrev has a solution for such problems through specialised units for urban assaults and attacking fortified positions. No amount of bunkers will stop the liberation of Russia!
Free Cossack Corps
The Cossacks have long been a people with grievances towards the Russian government and a spirit for war. The extremists controlling much of the nation have only managed to inflame these tensions. Allying with the Cossack Hosts could provide much-needed additional soldiers and inspire potential defectors.
Landsberg Military School
With new officers leading our army, we need new facilities to train them. We shall found a Russian military school in Prussia specifically tasked with this purpose, which will merge the best attributes of German and Russian military education.
Partisan Central Command
Turning the discontented man into a partisan capable of functioning deep in enemy territory takes a substantial effort. Organising the multiple partisan networks under a larger network will allow for a streamlined process for creating partisan forces and for coordinating these partisans with the events on the frontlines.
Integrate Manoeuvre Warfare
During the times in exile in Germany and even now as the Germany army fights to assist in the cause of restoring Russian democracy, certain ideas from the German army about armoured units cleaving through enemy positions and out-manoeuvring them have become an interest point as a way to ensure a tactical superiority over the enemy.
Free Russian Spirit
The army of Free Russia is one made up of those who were willing to bravely take a stand against the extremism that corrupted Russia, an army not willing to break no matter the outlook. So long as this spirit holds, the dream of the liberation of the motherland lives on.
First Guards Corps
With the limited industry available and the ideas of manoeuvre warfare circulating, the creation of an armoured corps is no longer a pipe-dream but a real possibility. For now, this corps will provide a use for armour captured from the enemy until proper tank production can begin.
Central Logistics Service
The need for proper logistics management is unavoidable for any army. Management to ensure proper logistics will be centralised to ensure proper distribution of what resources there are and the creation of new equipment. All the equipment in the world means nothing if only one division has it.
Improvised Industry
As a true industrial base is not fully available, a system of workshops will be created from purchased and captured machine tools. Situated just behind our lines, these workshops may not be capable of extensive production, but their makeshift nature means that if properly organised, they can be moved from the streets at short notice.
Mobile Repair Companies
Often, captured equipment needs to be repaired and takes time before it can be properly used; however, the creation of dedicated groups for repairing this equipment as quickly as possible will allow for more equipment to be used. Some of this equipment that is repaired may not be able to be fully fixed, but one must take what they can get.
The Main Directorate of Armaments
Equipment production must be carefully managed to ensure that the soldiers of the army have what they need to fight. The liberation of portions of Russia means that the creation of a directorate for the sole purpose of managing armament production can now be established to do such.
Expand German Aid
The dream of valiantly reclaiming the motherland cannot be achieved with only the limited industrial capacity available. Our German allies have an ample supply of resources that could be used to strengthen our forces if persuaded.
German Credit
As distasteful as it is, the need for equipment outweighs it. An offer to purchase even more equipment will be put forward that will plunge the movement into debt to Germany, one that will take years to fully repay. This debt will give Germany a significant weight to make demands of Boldyrev, but the cost may be worth it.
Aviation Contracts
Despite how vital it is, producing a sizable amount of aircraft is simply not an option. Fortunately, there exists the ability to reach out to our allies who can produce aircraft to be purchased. There may be complaints that this further drives the cause of liberation deeper into foreign influence, but anything must be considered to keep the army in fighting condition.
Declare a Free Russia
Each passing day brings the liberation of more and more of Russia as the soldiers and people of the nation hear the call for freedom. No longer can the Free Russian Army be called merely a government with an army holding only small portions of the country. Boldyrev's Russia is Russia - a Free Russia unshackled by tyrants, be they Tsars, Reds, or Svobodniks.
$RUS_country_intro_background$
$RUS_country_intro_header$
$RUS_country_intro_content$
$RUS_country_intro_header_1$
$RUS_country_intro_content_1$
$RUS_country_intro_header_2$
$RUS_country_intro_content_2$
$RUS_country_intro_header_3$
$RUS_country_intro_content_3$
§MBoldyrev§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fight the Second Weltkrieg against §nSavinkovist Russia§! and have Boldyrev win the election.\n\n§MBoldyrev§! ($market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fight the Second Weltkrieg against §SSocialist Russia§! and have Boldyrev win the election.\n\nLosing the post-war election leads to a variation of normal Democratic Russia content with no new content.
The Danzig Conference
The war has put the dispersed Russian émigré community in chaos. While many have fled Russia because of the SZRS' persecution, it is not obvious they wish for Russian defeat. Complicating the matter even more, many Russian socialists are supporting the war - not because of any love towards Savinkov, but because they hope that the International will triumph.\n\nBut there are those who cannot compromise with the Svobodnik regime. Copies of Vladimir Rikhter's defiant speech in the last free session of the Duma in 1936 are widely spread, and its ending - 'Free Russia, eternal and indestructible!' has become a rallying cry, a seed for resistance. It is not known if Rikhter himself is dead or in some camp in Siberia, but the least that all Russians valuing the freedom of their children can do is to oppose the tyrant Savinkov and his war.\n\nAnd so the Danzig Conference came to be, a gathering of Russian dissidents in Germany. Famous poet Osip Mandelstam, who fled Russia after tightening anti-semitic policies, called resistance a moral duty for every man with some humanity left. Pavel Milyukov made an appearance, and so did Kadet lawyer Aleksandr Kulischer, who had been organising help for Jews fleeing Russia. Chilling tales of a network of prison camps from Murmansk to Kamchatka  were being spread.\n\nBut the most important initiative came from the old general, Vasily Georgiyevich Boldyrev. Having gained infamy after his coup attempt in 1929 with the goal of curbing the rising influence of Savinkov, he became a practical leader of anti-Svobodnik resistance with ample connections to resistance groups in Russia. Boldyrev proposed the creation of the Committee for Free Russia, 'out of those who wish to see a Free Russia for their children', and envisioned full cooperation with the German army, with 'Free Russian Corps' organised out of those who wish to fight with him. This was relatively controversial, and accusations of collaborationism were thrown, but ultimately Boldyrev won the day: if Savinkov wins, they lose. If Germany wins, at least this way they can be the ones steering the Russian future.
The war has put the dispersed Russian émigré community in chaos. While many have fled Russia after losing their property or being persecuted by the VGPU for opposing the revolution, it is not obvious they would rather see Russia lose the war. Many old Whites have been repeating anti-communist litanies with little effect, and others are still hopeful that the regime moderates eventually - after all, it is not Lenin.\n\nBut there are those who cannot compromise with the socialist regime. Copies of Vladimir Rikhter's defiant speech in the last free session of the Duma in 1936 are widely spread, and its ending - 'Free Russia, eternal and indestructible!' has become a rallying cry for the Russian democrats, stricken by the tragedy of toppling Savinkov only to create another authoritarian regime in its place.\n\nAnd so the Danzig Conference came to be, a gathering of Russian dissidents in Germany. Famous writer Roman Gul, having fled Russia due to censorship, opened the conference calling for all cultured peoples to resist 'revolutionary tyranny'. Pavel Milyukov made an appearance, and so did Professor Sergey Chakhotin, whose assessment of the Russian socialist regime was grim: based on current trends, it will likely become more oppressive, as the state wages war against the church and the land. As for more right-wing appearances, notable was that of Solidarist Mikhail Georgiyevsky, who spoke of persecution of the church in Russia and how even peaceful opposition like the Solidarists are being driven underground.\n\nBut the most important initiative came from the old general, Vasily Georgiyevich Boldyrev. He had been a practical leader of anti-Svobodnik resistance with ample connections to resistance groups in Russia, and had initially viewed the socialist regime positively. But he had since lost his faith in this 'second attempt', and instead proposed the creation of the Committee for Free Russia, 'out of those who wish to see a Free Russia for their children', and envisioned full cooperation with the German army, with 'Free Russian Corps' organised out of those who wish to fight with him. This was relatively controversial, and accusations of collaborationism were thrown, but ultimately Boldyrev won the day: if the socialists win, they lose. If Germany wins, at least this way they can be the ones steering the Russian future.
Free Russia, eternal and indestructible!
Scheming traitors, nothing more.
Their cause is just and deserves our support!
Collaborators can be rather useful.
Like the Volunteer Army, they march against degeneracy.
Russians of the Heer
Generalleutnant Vasily Boldyrev's Free Russian Army is a fighting force of dubious quality in the eyes of the German High Command. Recruited from Russians of Eastern Europe and Germany, they have greater enthusiasm than unit cohesion or skill. Boldyrev and a number of those in his clique are capable officers, now bearing Heer ranks as part of the broader German command structure, but the actual combat value of these troops is untested. General of the Cavalry Ernst-August Köstring has been assigned as Boldyrev's superior officer and handler, and it is Köstring's achievement that this army even exists in the first place. Köstring himself served as attaché in Russia in the late 1920s and has solid knowledge of Russian military matters, and seems to have a good working relationship with General Boldyrev.\n\nDespite all the idealism in the Free Russian Army's official declarations, the perspective of the OHL is that they are merely an additional source of manpower to tap into, with possible added propaganda potential if they truly are able to convince the Russians. From the Foreign Office's point of view, the plan is more ambitious: Boldyrev's army can serve as the kernel in rebuilding Russia in the post-war order, as men who have proved themselves fighting for German and European values are put into positions of influence. However, realists do doubt this plan, but then again - it costs little to arm these forces with older surplus, and in the worst case, the Heer gains a couple of mediocre divisions.
We'll see how it works out.
Integration of the Union of Volunteers 'Alekseyevites'
The Union of Volunteers was originally a patriotic veterans' organisation founded in 1922, intended to keep the spirit of the Volunteer March alive. In practice, the Union became the largest veterans' organisation and a powerful 'White' lobby, often in the first lines in combat against the threat of communism. The Union has been banned as a counter-revolutionary organisation, but its extensive local network has essentially turned into resistance organisation under the leadership of former General Aleksandr Kutepov.
From now on, we are equal allies.
Do not give them too much influence.
Integration of the VRBO
The All-Russian Combat Organisation is our old ally, having been formed largely out of revolutionaries in the North Caucasus and Siberian region. The most effective part of this loose resistance group is Mikhail Levandovsky's Maximalist group, but they do not wish to have anything to do with us. Instead, we have managed to build ties with the more moderate end of the Combat Organisation. Socialist-Revolutionary Colonel Yury Sablin was already a supporter of Boldyrev in 1929 and was for that expelled from the army, but has kept his distance from Boldyrev's German-aligned politics. Still, war makes odd bedfellows.
Do not allow them too much influence.
All are welcome, even socialists.
The First City Liberated!
What started as a mere dream has turned one step more real, as the flag of Free Russia flies in the governorate capital of [RSA_new_capital.GetName]. In an agreement with the German Military Administration for the Eastern Territories, [RSA_new_capital.GetName] has been given direct administration by the Free Russian Army and made into the de facto capital of our movement.
Next stop, Moscow!
The Terror
As the Free Russian forces have been advancing alongside the Germans, much of the pacification of land has been put in their hands. The newly-founded Military Gendarmerie of the RSA has already started to develop an infamous reputation, but the worst atrocities are generally conducted by local Volunteer Units, who often had grievances against locals who had supported the Savinkov regime. A particularly damning case happened under Colonel Dmitry Buzin, whose 11th Volunteer Rifle Regiment shot 59 prisoners of war in a local village. Buzin's unit was largely recruited from the local resistance, and Buzin himself was formerly a Bolshevik. Acts of violence against civilians accused of 'espionage' are not rare either.\n\n$russia_free_army_events.7.d$
As the Free Russian forces have been advancing alongside the Germans, much of the pacification of land has been put in their hands. The newly-founded Military Gendarmerie of the RSA has already started to develop an infamous reputation, but the worst atrocities are generally conducted by local Volunteer Units, who often had grievances against locals who had supported the socialist regime. A particularly damning case happened under Colonel Sergey Ivanov, whose 14th Volunteer Rifle Regiment shot 61 prisoners of war in a local village - what remained of a small garrison that had been defending against Ivanov's men. Acts of violence against civilians accused of 'espionage' are not rare either.\n\n$russia_free_army_events.7.d$
Ultimately the problem boils down to the quality of our soldiers and local commanders - if we recruit just about anyone, then we will get both the worst and the best of Russia. With stricter punitive measures and recruitment policies, we could reduce these incidents - at the expense of manpower.
We are an army, not some Bolshevik bandits.
Reprimand them, but avoid alienating them.
The Fate of the Socialist System
In regions our army is liberating from the Reds, we have been witnessing an attempt at the socialist system in practice. Most land is managed by village soviets, which distribute it to farmers based on need. Factories are largely managed by factory soviets. Broader coordination would have been done by higher-level economic bodies. But now, severed from the rest of Socialist Russia, this system is strained greatly... but surprisingly, still has a fair amount of support. Various Soviets have petitioned our government to be allowed to more or less function as they are, as a democratic tool of local self-rule.\n\nIn truth, this could be beneficial to us: we could only focus on rooting out the actual radical revolutionaries and other traitors, while common peasants are allowed to play in their Village Soviet as a modern version of peasant democracy. But then again, there are many who wish us to properly protect private property, and restore it to individual hands, especially in the middle class.
Keep worker management, as long as they are useful.
Restore properties to those who owned them.
Rumours of the Peace
Quite a storm was raised after a document was leaked to the Russian emigration in Germany by journalist Andrey Sedykh. In Sedykh's exposé titled 'Sale of Russia', he claims that the highest levels of German and Ukrainian leadership have already drawn the post-war map of Eastern Europe, which would include great territorial concessions from Russia, from Rostov, Belgorod to even Smolensk. Initially declared to be mere slander and propaganda directed from Moscow, further examination has shown that Sedykh's documents could be official, stolen from the German Foreign Office.\n\nImmediately, the whole Free Russian cause was jeopardised. If Germans truly were planning to inflict another Brest-Litovsk, was the cause of Russian democracy worth it? The civilian politicians of the Committee for Free Russia demanded answers from General Boldyrev, as some even accused him of possibly selling out Russia for his own gain. Boldyrev, who had no idea about these treaties, in turn demanded answers from General Köstring, who was supposed to know German plans regarding the Free Russian Army. Köstring's superiors at the OHL claimed that it was not a military matter and that they had no knowledge of the decisions of the Foreign Office.
We must get to the bottom of this!
Uprising in the Mountains
The North Caucasus, what a thorn in the side of Moscow. The mountain peoples there have been waging more or less an active campaign of resistance arguably from the very first Russian invasion of Circassia, Ingushetia and Chechnya, and the mountains have offered their people means to survive and resist. The region was a hotbed of unrest in the 1920s, and remained so even under the new rule by [RUS.GetLeader].\n\nBoldyrev's organisation already built up connections, particularly with the Chechen and Circassian groups, and what began as a guerrilla war has now culminated into a full-scale uprising. Multiple auls loyal to General Sultan Klych-Girey rose up as hotbeds of resistance, and rapidly drew manpower from the militias of the region. Klych-Girey himself is a former White general of Circassian and Crimean Tatar background, who was purged from the Russian army in 1929 and who has since become a champion of greater self-rule for North Caucasus, both the Mountaineers and the Cossacks.\n\nOf course not everyone is following him, but the core of the resistance movement has rallied behind him, coordinated by German agents.
Expected and disappointing.
Our enemies will falter against the mountains.
German Aid!
The German Government has sent us further aid, largely in form of captured military equipment and some funding. With this, we can fight a little bit longer.
Alright.
Free Russian Resistance
Even if the war has made our punishments for resistance even more draconian, they have still been able to increase their presence. This is largely thanks to operations conducted by the German Air Force and the Free Russian Army, who have been infiltrating supplies and trained specialists to direct and train resistance cells within Russia. We have redoubled our efforts to catch these traitors.
Only death for them.
Clash with the Maximalists
The negotiations with Mikhail Karlovich Levandovsky's Combat Union of Socialist-Revolutionaries (BSSR) proved to be fruitless rather quickly. Boldyrev has sought to ally with all anti-Savinkovite resistance groups in Russia, but a large portion of them are socialist in nature, often led by Socialist-Revolutionaries or former Bolsheviks. The Eser Combat Union is the largest of these, and its leadership is largely in the hands of SR-Maximalists, who already had a long experience of terrorism from the 1930s. Dozens of smaller regional groups work together with the BSSR and its leader, General Mikhail Levandovsky, and the union also enjoys the recognition of the exiled Left-SR leadership.\n\nBut despite our shared enemy, Levandovsky would not budge. His representative, Andrey Kolegayev, categorically refused cooperation with our 'bourgeois army' and argued that Savinkov is only in power temporarily. After the World Revolution's triumph against Germany, it will be time for the Vozhd to fall - and for that day, Russians who believe in freedom should lay low and simply survive, keeping the flame of revolution alive. And given the 'Free' Russian Army's cooperation with enemies of Russia, Maximalists declared that they would also consider Boldyrevites enemies.
Nothing out of that, then.
Radio Liberty
Utilising high-power German radio stations, the Boldyrevite collaborators have been blasting Russia with their tales of propaganda and lies. Listening to these radio broadcasts is obviously forbidden and will put anyone under suspicion of treason, but in practice, it is hard to enforce the ban, especially in the countryside. A particularly influential voice in this Radio Liberty is that of Roman Borisovich Gul - a former Volunteer Army veteran and a liberal who fled the country earlier as his newspaper was closed down for spreading lies concerning [RUS.GetLeader] and slandering [RUS.GetHerHim] government.\n\nNow Gul, riding on his fame as a proper Russian patriot, is calling the Kremlin government corrupt tyrants and enemies of the Russian people. In addition, the radio broadcasts news from the frontlines - which are a way to circumvent our tight wartime censorship. In practice, many come to listen to this channel to learn the reality of the frontline situation, and at the same time they are exposed to Boldyrevite propaganda.
Counter it with tales of their treason and savagery.
No Free Russian terrorist shall be spared.
Boldyrev Undermined
General Boldyrev has been balancing between Russian and German interests to his best ability, but lately he has come increasingly under fire for the growing influence of General Köstring and other German 'handlers', who have been interfering with internal Russian matters such as appointments. It has put Boldyrev into an awkward position, as accusations of German collaborationism are the chief arguments against the Free Russian movement.
Doesn't Berlin understand they are undermining their ally?!
We received this event because our $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity is higher than §Y40%§!.
General Boldyrev Contacts Us
We received a surprise visit from Europe today, as Major Adolf Sigismundovich Chapsky met with Ataman Semyonov, representing General Vasily Boldyrev and the Free Russian Army, infamous German collaborators fighting for 'democracy'. Chapsky himself is a diplomat and spy and seems to be a major figure in Boldyrev's intelligence agency, RIAG.\n\nChapsky has come to us with a proposal from Boldyrev, only for our ears. They claim that the Free Russian Movement seeks to get rid of German influence as soon as possible, once they are in power in Russia - and it would be beneficial for the Russian Cause for us to cooperate. The deal is simple - they want our promise that after this war is over, and [RUS.GetLeader]'s kingdom of chaos is in ruins, our two halves of Russia shall unite in peace and brotherhood. Semyonov was promised a position in the future government or army, if he so wishes. Chapsky is unable to remain in Siberia for long, but will relay our message or escort our own representative to Berlin, if we so wish.
He is just a German collaborator.
Yes, our cause is a shared one.
§RWe will be annexed after the war. GAME OVER.§!
Semyonov's Counter-Offer
Semyonov's representative and foreign minister of sorts, Vasily Nikolayevich Strandman, arrived in Berlin after a long and perilous journey to handle negotiations in person - it seems that Semyonov did take our offer of alliance seriously. Strandman brought us an offer from Semyonov: he would recognise Boldyrev's leadership after Boldyrev controls Moscow, and regions controlled by him would willingly join the restored Russian Republic.\n\nHowever, there is a catch - he demands autonomy for Siberia and himself as Commander of the Far Eastern Military District, with freedom to appoint his own subordinates and for no seizures over his properties in East Siberia. Additionally, he asks for the rank of General-Fieldmarshal and recognition of his efforts to liberate Russia as second only to Boldyrev's.\n\nIn private, Strandman also brought up the question of a potential monarchical restoration by Boldyrev, as he believed it would 'restore order and good life' to Russia and win German respect. This was of course politely shrugged off, and the first reaction to Semyonov's demands was also to brush him off. But still - his cooperation would avoid a potential war in Siberia, or Japan seizing Vladivostok, even if it meant accepting Semyonov's extortion.
Completely outrageous demands!
I suppose Semyonov can receive some reward.
All territory controlled by [FER.GetName] will be annexed into [ROOT.GetName] after the war ends.
From Siberia with Scorn
The response from [FER.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] was clear: they do not recognise us as representing the true Russia and will not negotiate with German collaborators and lapdogs. In a long-winded communiqué from the 'prime minister' of [FER.GetNameDef], [FER.GetSecondInCommand], he instead demands for Boldyrev to recognise General [FER.GetLeader] as the supreme ruler of 'Free Russia', chosen by the Siberian people rather than the Germans.
The negotiations were short.
We shall take it by force, then.
Union with Free Russia
As agreed, it is time for the Siberian army to stand down, and unify once again with the rest of Russia.
United!
Heroes of the Liberation
The tension between the two generals and their supporters was palpable in the victory celebrations. The great military parade through Moscow, reminiscent of that of 1921 that celebrated the White liberation of Moscow, was mired in controversy from the start. The order of units within the march was already debated, as most people in Moscow hardly know anything about the Siberian role in the war. It is the Free Russian Army, with its white-and-blue flags and German armoured vehicles, that is known to this part of Russia, for better or worse. Rugged bands of Siberian soldiers and Semyonov's Cossacks do not seem like they belong in the centre of Moscow.\n\nBut despite that, Generals Boldyrev and Semyonov stand side by side, welcoming both of their armies in a great march through the main streets of Moscow. In private, Boldyrev has considered this despicable, and doesn't feel like Semyonov should be rewarded like this - he should be happy to even keep his military rule over the Far East, but now he is being respected as Liberator of Russia, almost equal to Boldyrev.
Perhaps finally peace?
The Amur Atamanate
Grigory Semyonov seems like the greatest winner of the last war. In exchange for his support of the Free Russian cause, he was controversially appointed as the Commander of the Far Eastern Military District, which he has stacked with loyalists as a quasi-feudal reward system. But what has drawn the most critique is his meddling in politics.\n\nSemyonov is the richest man in the Russian Far East, thanks to the gold mines seized during his uprising, and he has become a major patron of the DNPVS, a Siberian party that has excelled in Siberian local elections and currently forms the gubernial governments of Amur and Irkutsk.\n\nRecently, the State Council committee started investigations on corruption charges in the DNPVS, claiming that they have been 'paying back' Semyonov's funding through political favours, which has enabled many of Semyonov's officers to enrich themselves or start successful political careers. The press has dubbed this as the 'the Amur Atamanate', and public calls for action have been rising against Semyonov's corrupt behaviour. Still, he enjoys popular support in his own realm as a man who makes things work and listens to the local Siberians abandoned by Moscow.
This is too much, dismiss him from the army and put him on trial until he has nothing.
Let the Duma committee work, we have a normal judicial process for this.
He has proven to be Boldyrev's loyal man, let him have his treat.
An Ultimatum from Moscow
We received a stark diplomatic note from Moscow today. It is simple: the Siberian separatist forces - referring to us - are demanded to stand down and allow the Russian Army - their own army - to restore order in Siberia. This did not come as a full surprise, as our intelligence has already received reports of troop concentrations on our western border. It does seem like an invasion is upon us.
Over my dead body!
I don't want to die...
Company Contracts
There are considerable challenges in finding first-rate equipment, as most contracts are obviously prioritised for the German Army itself. Still, we have been able to get both outdated equipment and even some newer contracts, albeit small in scale. Fortunately, the German military-industrial complex is powerful enough to supply more than just one army.
Good.
