Cyprus
Cypriot
Cyprus
Cyprus Declares Independence
Only recently returned to the Porte, the Cypriots have sensed a moment of weakness and have decided to exploit it. Protestors stormed the government buildings in Nicosia and in the hills and forests of the island, guerrilla fighters (likely backed by Greece) are fighting against the overwhelmed Turkish garrisons.\n\nCalling for Enosis or the unification with Greece, the rebels have already openly called on the Greek government to intervene and absorb the island within its domain. Turkish Cypriots in the meanwhile find themselves torn between the two sides as their loyalty to Cyprus is in contradiction with their loyalty to the Turkish regime in Kostantiniye.
Nonsense, you will remain Kibris and that will be the end of it
Rhodos Joins the Revolt
The islands of the Dodecanese have decided to throw their lot in with the Cypriots as the combination of further calls for Enosis and recent decisions by the Ottoman government concerning the status of the islands have made all mediation impossible. Just as on Cyprus however, the islands have a sizeable Muslim population which is less than thrilled by their calls for unification with Greece.
Unfortunate.
Lesbos Joins the Revolt
In sympathy with their compatriots in Cyprus, a variety of Greek islands in the Northern Aegean have joined the revolt. Ousting their Ottoman garrisons, the people have taken up arms in a stance of defiance rivalling that of the Turkish-Greek war over a century ago.\n\nNaval bases of the Turkish regime have suffered considerable damage as the Aegean squadron was forced to evacuate after a terrorist bombing on the Sisam cruiser earlier this week. Opening up the Dardanelles to the Greek fleet, the loss of these islands is seen as a strategic calamity for the defence of the capital and naval superiority in the Aegean.
Colonel George Grivas Returns from Cyprus
After having tried and failed to protect the Cypriot rebellion from being crushed by the Turks, colonel Grivas has managed to escape. He has thus returned to active duty.
At least he got out alive...
Colonel George Grivas Leaves for Cyprus
Grivas, born in 1898 in the village of Trikomo about fifty kilometres northeast of Nicosia, was the son of a grain merchant. After elementary education in the village school, he was sent to the Pancyprian Gymnasium. Reportedly a good student, Grivas went to Athens at age seventeen to enter the Greek Military Academy. Steadily climbing the ranks after the Weltkrieg, he became a lieutenant colonel stationed on the Bulgarian frontier.\n\nNow that Cyprus has declared its independence, the man has submitted his resignation from the army and taken a boat for Cyprus to fight for the liberation of his people. A massive proponent of Enosis, it is no secret that he will do everything in his power to ensure that Cyprus is reunited with Greece.
Good luck!
Ex-Colonel George Grivas Arrives on Cyprus
Grivas, born in 1898 in the village of Trikomo about fifty kilometres northeast of Nicosia, was the son of a grain merchant. After elementary education in the village school, he was sent to the Pancyprian Gymnasium. Reportedly a good student, Grivas went to Athens at age seventeen to enter the Greek Military Academy. Steadily climbing the ranks after the Weltkrieg, he became a lieutenant colonel stationed on the Bulgarian frontier.\n\nNow that Cyprus has declared its independence, the man has submitted his resignation from the army and taken a boat for Cyprus to fight for the liberation of his people. A massive proponent of Enosis, it is no secret that he will do everything in his power to ensure that Cyprus is reunited with Greece. Due to the dominance of Turkish Cypriots in the Ottoman garrison on the island, this also makes him one of the only people in the rebellion with military experience which has seen him appointed chief of army of the entire rebel force in no time at all.
Greece shall be united!
Cypriot War of Independence
Restored to Turkish rule after the collapse of the British Empire only a decade prior, the Cypriots saw this return as an insult to their Greek character. Calls for Enosis or union with Greece only increased and as the regime in Kostantiniye took the necessary steps to ensure Cypriot self-rule would never happen, a group of Greek patriots with the support of the church finally took this chance as their moment to shine.\n\nWith over 20% of the population ethnically Turkish however and with little capacity for the Cypriot movement to stand on its own, the whole revolt depends on the support of Greece. Word has it that the Greek government is already preparing a statement concerning the matter, but many fear that Greece will shun away from direct intervention, fearful of the much superior Turkish army and navy.
We call on Hellas!
Cyprus Demands Enosis
Catching our government mostly by surprise, the sudden declaration of independence by the island of Cyprus has been the talk of the day ever since archbishop Leontios II declared an end to Turkish rule a week ago. The objective of the revolt is clear as all its leaders demand the immediate unification with Greece and are calling on us to secure that as fast as possible.\n\nMany Greeks have also openly announced their support for a direct intervention in the matter, but over in Athens, [GRE.GetLeader] is unsure that Greece should attack the Turks at this moment as their numerical, industrial and naval superiority would make any operations reckless unless planned very thoroughly.
And Greece answers!
Support the rebels
We can't risk it...
Greece Invades the Ottoman Empire
In full support of our actions the Greek government has decided to intervene directly in the conflict. After sending a short ultimatum to the Turkish government, [GRE.GetLeader] officially declared war on the Sublime Porte earlier today.
Down with the Turks! (Play as Greece)
Greece Sends Aid
Whilst refraining from taking an official position in the war, the Greek government has sent us an abundance of support in the hopes of avoiding a quick Turkish counterattack. Guns, bandages, food and volunteers are flooding in through the ports of Cyprus as the war continues to drag on.
We are grateful.
Greece Abandons Us
The Greek government has earlier today decided to stop all assistance sent to our rebellion and has sent the Porte a telegram that they will not pursue an aggressive policy towards it. With no backing and rebuked by our Greek brethren, it seems unlikely the revolt will last much longer.
So ends the dream of Enosis...
Cypriot Revolt Stands Successful
With the Ottoman menace dealt with, the people of Cyprus can now finally breath in true freedom. Arrangements to merge the rebel state with Hellas itself are fully underway as a victory parade is held both in Nicosia and Athens to celebrate the joyous occasion whilst heroes and veterans of the war are being personally decorated by [GRE.GetLeader].
This is a great day for all Greeks!
Desire for Enosis
Enosis or the unification of Greece and Cyprus has been the centrepoint of Cypriot politics and propaganda for decades. First under the Ottomans, then the British and finally again the Turks, the Greek Orthodox population of the island has been quasi unanimous in their support for the movement.
Divided Loyalties
Whilst the Greek population of the Greek Isles does not hide their aversion to the Turkish regime, the situation is substantially different for the Turkish population of these islands. Turkish Cypriots and other Muslim groups spread out over isles such as Rhodos don't share their compatriots desire for a quick union with Greece and would rather continue to live and work within the Ottoman framework than partake in a strictly Christian nation wherein they would be an insignificant minority.
Revolt Unsupported
Calamity has struck as the Greek government has refused to send any assistance to the Cypriot revolt. In consequence this has ruined any hopes of enosis and has doomed all efforts undertaken by the rebels. The Turkish Cypriot issue has further been amplified by this as their calls for an immediate end to the revolt have only increased, now with support from many of the Greek Cypriots.
Cypriot Assistance
Greek arsenals and war factories are running overtime as ship after ship filled with equipment leaves for the island of Cyprus. We may have decided to not openly risk the ire of the Sultan but his day will soon come and before that day, we will do everything in our power to support the efforts of our Greek brethren.
Leontios II
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1896, in Limassol, British Cyprus§!
Ioannis Tsangaridis
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Lapithos, British Cyprus§!
Ioannis Clerides
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Agros, British Cyprus§!
Michael Christodoulou Mouskos
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1913, in Panayia, British Cyprus§!
Michael Charalambous Papaioannou
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Prodromos, Mutasarrifate of Cyprus, Ottoman Empire§!
Fazil Kucuk
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1906, in Lefkoşa, British Cyprus§!
Alexis Kyrou
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1901, in Athens, Attica, Kingdom of Greece§!
Omer Faik Muftuzade
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1915, in Larnaca, British Cyprus§!
Hassan Ramadan
§YBorn:§! §L1921, in Limassol, British Cyprus§!
Nikolaos Trikoupis
§YBorn:§! §L1868, in Missolonghi, Aetolia-Acarnania, Kingdom of Greece§!
Alexandros Othonaios
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Gytheio, Laconia, Kingdom of Greece§!
Xenophon Stratigos
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1869, in Corfu, Kingdom of Greece§!
Cypriot Reform Group
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Mutasarrifate of Cyprus, Ottoman Empire§!
Czechia
Czech
Czechia
Bohemia
Bohemian
Bohemia
Bohemian Socialist Republic
the Bohemian Socialist Republic
Bohemian Socialist Republic
the Bohemian Socialist Republic
Bohemian Socialist Republic
the Bohemian Socialist Republic
Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovakian
Czechoslovakia
GFX_CZE_intro
RSP
Revoluční skupina předvoj
FČA
Federace českých anarchosyndikalistů
NRSDS
Neodvislá radikální sociálně demokratická strana
SDSD
Sociálně demokratická strana dělnická
Realisté
Česká strana pokroková
Mladočeši
Národní strana svobodomyslná
KSS
Křesťansko-sociální strana
AS
Agrární strana
NS
Národní sjednocení
NL
Národní liga
Stanislav Kostka Neumann
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1875, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Zdeněk Nejedlý
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1878, in Litomyšl, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
František Soukup
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1871, in Kamenná Lhota, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Masaryk
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1886, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jiří Stříbrný
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1880, in Rokycany, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Malypetr
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1873, in Klobuky, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Syrový
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1888, in Třebíč, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Emanuel Moravec
§YBorn:§! §LApril 17th, 1893, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Alois Podhajsky
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1864, in Blatná, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austrian Empire§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1864, in Blatná, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austrian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a gendarmerie sergeant, Alois Podhajsky graduated from the Pressburg Infantry Cadet School in 1884, becoming a lieutenant in 1897. From 1890 to 1892, he attended the Kriegsschule in Vienna to become a staff officer. By 1910, he was a colonel, promoted to Major General at the very start of the Weltkrieg.\nFor most of the war, Podhajsky commanded the 21st Landwehr Infantry Division, consisting of a majority of Czech troops, initially in Serbia, then Galicia, and Italy for the latter phase of the war. He proved an able commander, receiving the Order of the Iron Crown and Military Merit Cross in 1915, and the Iron Cross First Class the next year. By the end of the war, he was but one of many loyal Czechs serving in the Austro-Hungarian general staff, promoted to Lieutenant Field Marshal in 1917.\nWhile the Czechoslovak National Council in exile consider him one of the archetypical \
Josef Bílý
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1872, in Zbonín, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the Trieste Infantry Cadet School, Bílý entered the Austro-Hungarian Army in 1892 as a lieutenant in the 15th Infantry Regiment in Galicia. In 1898, he attended a staff officer course at the Kriegsschule in Vienna, graduating two years later before being assigned to the 4th Infantry Division. He then taught tactics at the Vienna Infantry Cadet School for two years in 1908-1910.\nAt the start of the Weltkrieg, Bílý was a battalion commander, participating in the bloody fighting against the Russians until July 1915, when he was heavily wounded. Once recovered, he served in the Lublin General-Government for half a year before taking command of an assault battalion in Tyrol. Now lieutenant-colonel in 1917, he took command of a special group that fought successfully on the Asiago Plateau, distinguishing itself at Monte Grappa and the final offensive of the war against the Italians. Bílý would end the war as a respected colonel.\nAfter the war, Bílý took part in the re-formation of the Bohemian Landwehr and would be promoted to major general. In 1924, he completed a course at the Theresian Military Academy and was further promoted to Lieutenant Field Marshal in 1928. As of 1936, after 48 years of service, Bílý is the second-highest ranking Czech in the Austro-Hungarian Army, making him one of the prominent \
Josef Votruba
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1879, in Debř, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating with top marks from the prestigious Vienna Cadet School, Votruba began his military career in 1899 and quickly made an impression on his superiors. In 1908, he graduated from the Vienna Kriegsschule, once again with top marks and exemplary behaviour, and was made a staff officer while still a lieutenant.\nWhen the Weltkrieg began, he was part of the operational department of the 1st Army before being transferred to the 12th Infantry Division on the Galician Front. After 1915, he was part of the staff of the 58th Infantry Division, at the time fighting alongside the Bulgarians before being rushed to the Italian Front, where he would remain until 1918. During his service on the Italian Front, he distinguished himself as an uncompromising and demanding leader, earning him the scorn of his subordinates as he refused to tolerate what he perceived as laziness or incompetence, but also respect and admiration for his deep knowledge and unquestionable skill. He would be highly decorated: The Military Merit Cross in 1915, with the Iron Cross and the Order of the Iron Crown the next year. After serving against the Italians for almost three years, Votruba transferred to the War Ministry in Vienna, but quickly grew restless there and requested to be returned to a staff position closer to the front. It wouldn't be until the armistice with Italy that he would agree to work at the War Ministry.\nOnce the war ended, Votruba stayed in the Austro-Hungarian Army and, after studying at the Theresian Military Academy, would be made a general in 1928. After that, he quickly rose even further up the ranks, becoming Lieutenant Field Marshal the next year and would become General of Infantry later in 1936. As of that year, Votruba is one of the most prominent \
Bohuslav Kohout
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1896, in Litomyšl, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBohuslav Kohout was not intending for a military career until the sudden death of his father in 1910. Before being admitted to the Prague Infantry Cadet School two years after the event, he had been an enthusiastic promoter of the scouting movement in the Czech lands. It wouldn't be until March 1915 that Kohout graduated from the Cadet School and became an infantry platoon commander in June as part of the 20th Landwehr Infantry Regiment fighting in Galicia.\nIn 1916, he was sent to the Italian front as a machine gun platoon commander, then back to the Russian front the year after. In 1918, he transferred to the dragoons, promoted to Rittmeister (cavalry captain) the following year as he proved his skills from his days in the scouting movement. After the war, he stayed in the army, taking part in the re-formation of the Bohemian Landwehr and its cavalry component, and was soon sent to the Kriegsschule in Vienna to gain staff training. In 1925, he was made Major and became heavily involved in the Military Technical Committee of the War Ministry in the imperial capital.\nBy 1931, he was made colonel and began work on a modern handbook for soldiers. In 1933, it was published as 
Eduard Horák
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1887, in the Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLittle is known of his early life. By 1927, he was a staff officer serving in the Bohemian Landwehr. By 1930, he was promoted to colonel and commanded an infantry regiment. As of 1936, he is head of the Moravian district of the Bohemian Landwehr and is set to be promoted to Major General in the near future.§!
Viktor Hoppe
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1874, in Brno, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of the lawyer and politician Bedřich Hoppe, Viktor began his military service after graduating from the Hranice Cadet School in 1895, followed by officer courses in Wels, Upper Austria. In 1900, he retired from active service and became part of the reserve, only to rejoin two years later as a repair officer.\nBy 1914, when the Weltkrieg began, he was head of the personnel department of the Prague military district before moving to the planning department. By then, he was already an informant for the Maffie resistance group, but this association never went further and barely hurt his career once Karl ascended the throne. By 1918, he had reached the rank of lieutenant colonel before being finally transferred from the Prague district to the Armee-Oberkommando (Army High Command) in Vienna. In 1920, he was part of the AOK's cavalry department and was promoted to colonel, then major general after the war.\nWhile a respected staff officer, his lack of field command during the Weltkrieg makes him a general with little actual experience, and his ties with Czech nationalist organisations makes him distrusted among many German officers and largely forces him to stay within the Bohemian Landwehr.§!
Ludvík Krejčí
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1890, in Brno, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Radola Gajda
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1892, in Kotor, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Kutlvašr
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1895, in Michalovice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludvík Svoboda
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1895, in Hroznatín, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Bohumil Rytíř
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1889, in Litoměřice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jaroslav Eminger
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1886, in Čáslav, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jozef Fetka
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1897, in Český Bohdíkov, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Prochazka
§YBorn:§! §LMay 28th, 1890, in Sarajevo, Sarajevo District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Janoušek
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1893, in Přerov, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Pražák
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1887, in Dubné, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Julius Fišera
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1894, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Alois Vicherek
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1892, in Petřvald, Duchy of Silesia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Kasalický
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1894, in Kralovice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Alois Rašín
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1867, in Nechanice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Tomáš Baťa
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1876, in Zlín, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jaroslav Preiss
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1870, in Přeštice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Bohumil Baxa
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1874, in Sedlčany, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jaroslav Stránský
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1884, in Brno, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ladislav Feierabend
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1891, in Kostelec nad Orlicí, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ladislav Rašín
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1900, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludwig Čech
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1870, in Lemberg, Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary§!
Antonín Hampl
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1874, in Jaroměř, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Viktor Dyk
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1877, in Pšovka u Mělníka, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Luisa Landová-Štychová
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1885, in Ratboř, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Bohuslav Vrbenský
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1882, in Opocnice, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Vilém Brodecký
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1874, in Karlín, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Husárek
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1893, in Čehovice, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jan Černý
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1874, in Uherský Ostroh, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karel Engliš
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1880, in Hrabyně, Duchy of Silesia, Austria-Hungary§!
Jaroslav Heyrovský
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1890, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Čeněk Haužvic
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1882, in Prague, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Asher Zelig Goldberger
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1909, in Sobrance, Ung County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
František Udržal
Rudolf Lodgman
Bohumil Stašek
Přemysl Šámal
František Hodáč
Rudolf Beran
Rudolf Bechyně
Zdeněk Fierlinger
Antonín Novotný
Jaroslav Hašek
Emanuel Vajtauer
Georg Placzek
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1905, in Brno, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Ludvík Očenášek
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1872, in Kříše, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Bedřich Albrecht
Dahomey Focus Tree
Dahomey
Dahomeyan
Dahomey
Dahomey
the Dahomey Popular Republic
Dahomey
the Dahomey Popular Republic
Dahomey
the Dahomey Popular Republic
Hubert Maga
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1916, in Parakou, Colony of Dahomey and Dependencies, French West Africa§!
Agoli-Agbo
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Dahomey§!
Christophe Soglo
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1909, in Abomey, Colony of Dahomey and Dependencies, French West Africa§!
Sourou-Migan M.J. Apithy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1913, in Porto-Novo, Colony of Dahomey and Dependencies, French West Africa§!
Louis Hunkanrin
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1887, in Porto-Novo, Colony of Dahomey and Dependencies, French West Africa§!
On Our Own
Mittelafrika has collapsed, likely forever. From the ashes many nations have arisen, including Dahomey. We are a new nation, weak and fragile. Thus we have decided to align with our old colonial masters in Algeria for protection.\nTogether we shall build a brighter future!
Expand the Topke System
Most of our population lives in the countryside, and thus we must use special patrols to collect taxes: the Topke system. Expanding these patrols will generate more revenue for our young state.
Expanding Our Hold Over the Plantations
The plantations in our country provide quite a bit of revenue. Let us bring them under our control, so that the government can more directly benefit from their wealth.
French Industrial Help
We lack a real industry to call our own, and we will need a lot of help in building and modernising our factories. We should invite the French to help upgrade our factories with better equipment and train our engineers and workers.
Dahomey Stands Proud
As we continue to develop our economy and build up our national might, we will be better able to defend our freedom and sovereignty from any and all who might seek to destroy us.
Expanding the Toll Systems
Part of our income came from various tolls.\nIf we fix up the various roads left behind by the old German administration, we can then place more tolls on them and generate revenue even on the most remote roads.
Utilise French Expertise
The French, even when exiled to Africa, have more knowledge in the fields of science, production and warfare than we could ever gain on our own.\nBy drawing even closer to France we can utilise their expertise and become one of the most advanced nations in Africa.
Exploiting Our Natural Resources
Nature holds many treasures, especially deep below ground. Our mines can and should be improved in order to better exploit the riches that can be found within.
Further Resource Exploitation
Dahomey's mines have provided much wealth, but we can dig deeper, and find even more.\nIn a similar vein, our plantations can be better funded, better directed, and better equipped to provide a grander harvest.
Ask for [ROOT.overlord.GetAdjective] Assistance
We are a small nation, and so we must husband our resources carefully. Perhaps we could ask the [ROOT.overlord.GetAdjective] for some industrial or military assistance in this matter.
Tax Incentives
French investment in the economy can only benefit Dahomey, and them in return. French companies would be incentivised to come and invest if we were to give them some tax breaks.
Our Navy
Dahomey's ports fell into disrepair under the Germans in favour of more lucrative ventures.\nWe should take the time to repair and redevelop the ports, and from there build a proper navy.
The Royal Flagship
We lack the resources to make a large quantity of ships, therefore we must focus on quality above all. Let us research and plan a flagship fit for Dahomey, a flagship that will show the world that we are not to be threatened.
Support Fleet
With the flagship in place, we must now develop ships that can support and protect it.
Dahomey Takes to the Sea
Our naval officers are inexperienced to the point that many are landlubbers pretending to be men of the sea. We must get them better trained and have them spend more time out on the waves.
The State of Our Army
Dahomey's freedom is only secure so long as we have the men and the guns to defend it.\nLet us call up volunteers, and if need be a draft, in order to build a new army to defend our people.
Training and Preparation
Saying that the army is inexperienced is an understatement.\nWe shall host a variety of war games and training exercises to bring our army up to modern standards.
Import Foreign Arms
Dahomey has a history of importing firearms due to our inability to manufacture our own.\nThough we now have that capability, we can still benefit from shopping around to supplement what we can produce.
Reinstating Agaja's Dowry
Men who are not motivated by national pride to join the army can instead be motivated by pay. King Agaja understood this, and once instated a dowry for soldiers who joined his army. We can revive the concept, and reinstate the dowry to bring more recruits to their posts.
Dahomey's Amazons
Before the French and the Germans came, there were the Ahosi. This elite group of women warriors were well regarded for their ferocity and combat prowess. We can revive the Ahosi, and give our soldiers a reason to fight harder.
German Salvage
The Germans beat a hasty retreat into Nigeria, leaving behind quite the stockpile of equipment and other assorted valuables. We should gather them up and sell what we can for some immediate revenue.
Strip the Banners
There are those still loyal to the Germans who once oppressed us. Let us show those loyalists that we are in charge now, and strip everything that they could use as a symbol to rally around.
Empty the Barracks
The barracks that once hosted German soldiers lie empty, and are ripe for the taking. Let us seize what we can, and use the rifles and ammunition left behind to form a stockpile for our army.
Expel the Loyalists
Those who remain loyal to the Germans are becoming an annoyance. The King has the power and authority to expel them from Dahomey, and if they want to go live with the Germans so badly, we can show them the door.
Appeal to the French
Before the Weltkrieg, Dahomey was a part of the larger French empire in Africa.\nWe are once again part of that empire, but not all remember it fondly. We must find new ways to appeal to the French while also keeping out citizens happy.
Deepen Protectorate Ties
The world is a big place, with powers far greater than us trying to toy with our land. Seeking closer ties with our overlord might safe guard our nation more effectively than we could alone.
The Status Quo
The world is a dangerous place, and those who stand too tall have a habit of being cut down. Dahomey as a nation can lay low, and ensure peace and prosperity for its people as the rest of the world burns.
A Balanced Posture
While the French aren't... evil... overlords... There is nothing wrong with reducing their influence, and moving towards being a truly free nation.
The University of Porto Novo
We shall establish the University of Porto Novo to bring higher learning to Dahomey and accelerate our research and development.
French Expertise
The French hold much knowledge of state building, even in their exiled state. Perhaps we should ask them to share some of this knowledge, so that we may become a stronger ally?
Seek aid in agricultural development
Ask for their expertise in construction and engineering.
Could you please show us how to build all of your fancy weapons?
Our Place In The Wider World
Before the days of African colonisation, we were a free and self-sufficient people. No one could keep us from being strong, proud, and free. Nowadays though, the world is a much bigger place, with many actors far larger than us. We are thus forced to consider our place in the world. Will we become a subject of France once more? Or perhaps we should go free, and take our chances there? Or do we sit back and allow events to develop before making this choice?
Time will tell. Sooner or later, time will tell.
Dahomey Wants to Purchase Guns
The recently independent nation of Dahomey wants to purchase firearms from us to supply their nascent military. How shall we respond?
We can certainly sell some to them!
Let us sell a few of them.
We cannot spare anything at the moment.
The Response
We have received word from [FROM.GetNameDef] about the guns we wanted to purchase. Luckily for us, they have agreed to our request!
Splendid!
We have received word from [FROM.GetNameDef] about the guns we wanted to purchase. Unfortunately, they have turned us down.
Curses!
Gold Mining
Toll Roads
The Ahosi
French Engineering Expertise
French Agricultural Expertise
French Military Expertise
French Civil Expertise
Dahomey's Decisions
Import Foreign Arms
