Netherlands Focus Tree
Koninklijke Hoogovens
Philips
Hazemeyer Signaalapparatenfabriek
Shell
Artillerie-Inrichtingen
HIH Siderius
DAF
Spyker-Trompenburg
Werkspoor
Fokker
Koolhoven
Pander
Aviolanda
Koninklijke Maatschappij De Schelde
Wilton-Fijenoord
The NV Dok en Werf Maatschappij Wilton-Fijenoord is located in Schiedam, west of Rotterdam. With it origins tracing back to the first half of the 19th century, and was the first Dutch shipbuilding company to use steamer turbines. It is responsible for building the majority of the Dutch cruisers, as well as some destroyers and submarines.
Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij
The largest shipbuilding and repair company of Rotterdam, the Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij constructed a variety of civilian and military vessels, including the majority of the Dutch submarine fleet built in the specifically designed 
Werkverschaffing
To combat the crisis of rampant unemployment unleashed by Black Monday, the government has decided to expand its labour programme.
Strict Weapon Laws
We have implemented strict weapon restrictions to improve stability in our nation, extending required training time and imposing further regulatory requirements on suppliers and users.
GS III
GS III
CS6
CS6
Brawling on the Streets
Far-left and far-right elements are fighting on the streets. For now, they are dampening each other's effects but if either side becomes too powerful or the situation becomes too unstable our regime may be toppled.
Subsidised Truck Production
Homeland Defence
Mobility Focus
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks government officials from joining any far-left groups or the Landwacht, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks government officials from joining any far-left or far-right groups, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Ambtenarenverbod
The 'Ambtenarenverbod' or Civil Servant Ban, blocks officials from joining any far-left groups, in the hopes of halting the momentum of these undemocratic ideologies.
Transition to a Fair Economy
It is difficult to create a system that works for everyone, there is no doubt about that. All the same, the venerable Dutch spirit can manage this intense period of economic transition.
Market Syndicalism
Just because there is a new leftist order in Holland doesn't mean that we should cast aside all of our old trappings. After all, the markets incentivise workers in many fields, including construction.
February Strikes
Our country is suffering from a turbulent period of strike actions, paralysing much of our industry.
Werkkampen
It is only through the purification of labour that reactionaries stand to assist us.
Mass Collectivisation
A key part of our economic doctrine is the collectivisation of agriculture and industry, lumping smaller entities under a larger and more efficient centre.
Verzorgingsstaat
The least we owe our people is a well-managed and properly functioning Welfare State, one that is palatable to both socialists and conservatives alike.
Unions Banned
For too long the trade unions have acted as a hotbed of seditious left-wing activity. No more shall we tolerate those that shelter our political enemies.
Staatsvakbond
With the old trade unions suppressed and our people inflamed with nationalist zeal, new state-run unions allow us to channel their patriotism for military purposes.
Nationalist Renaissance
The people of Holland have found their spine, with a little bit of help from our government. A new era of patriotism dawns.
Orde van Oranje Nassau
The chivalric Order of Orange-Nassau exists to reward those that give their all to the Dutch people, either on the battlefield or in the civilian sphere.
Negotiating With Extremists
Sometimes it is in the national interest to negotiate with those that more sensible political figures would consider... somewhat unreliable.
Secret Police
Martial Law
Rebuilt Binnenhof
Royalist Fervour
Nationalist Reforms
Reformed Landwacht
Entrenched Pillars of Society
Disbanded Paramilitaries
Quelled Extremists
Netherlands United
Fixing the Nation
Negotiations with the Left
Negotiations with the Right
Coalition with the Left
Coalition with the Right
Batavian Resistance
About 150 years ago, the Germans, then known as Prussians, destroyed Dutch democracy and reinstalled the Orange-Nassau family. Nowadays, they are doing so again, and we shall not allow them to do so insofar it's up to us!
British Advisors
The agents of R.E.D are now providing the fledgling Dutch People's Army with much needed direction and guidance.
British Armour Designs
A gap has been left in the Dutch army in the execution of armoured warfare tactics, and tank designs. Though with British designs, and Dutch ingenuity, we the Dutch are seeking to bridge this gap.
Focus Naval Recovery
With most its navy fleeing with the Dutch royalty. The new Volksmarine, having lost most of its expertise, the new admiralty has set more realistic expectations in ship construction.
A New Direction
The lack of a fleet, and an admiralty has been able to the new Volksmarine to steer their doctrine into a new direction
Radical Approach
A radical approach has allowed the [HOL.getname] to re-establish somewhat as a naval power.
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef]
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Proletarian Humanism
Proletarian Humanism
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Industrial Democracy
Industrial Democracy
Rebuilding Bureaucracy
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Revolutionary Vanguard
Revolutionary Vanguard
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef] - Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Welfare State
Effects of Black Monday
As a result, of the Black Monday crash in Berlin, Holland has been plunged into economic catastrophe. Its toxifying effects on the Dutch political scene and in industry are already apparent.
Economic Recovery
With the German economy recovering from the disastrous impact of Black Monday, our economic distress has also started to feel relief as German companies slowly rebuild their investments and business in the country. It will take a while before the economy is fully restored however.
Economic Boom
We have not only got through the worst but turned the Netherlands into a shining paragon of economic strength.
Increased Military Spending
Through intense levels of borrowing we can kickstart our economy and turn our military into a well-oiled machine with one swift stroke.
Abandoned the Gold Standard
Though the Dutch love gold - the smell of it, the taste of it, the texture - it is only by implementing hard decisions that we can rescue it from economic malaise.
Werkverschaffing
By expanding our national labour programme we can get the unemployed back to work, even if it is only cleaning walls or paving roads.
Public Works
If we can throw enough men and women at a problem, it is sure to be solvable.
Submarine Wolfpacks
Lone Wolf Operations
Ship a day tactics
Convoy Sailing Tactics
Atlantic Submarine Focus
Cruiser Submarine Focus
Huisje-Boompje-Beestje Tactics
Luchtkruiser tactics
Luchtvaartacademie Established
Left List is Victorious
The moderate left of Dutch politics has won the recent elections, granting them the initiative and political capital needed to form a new government.
SDAP-RSAP Coalition
The more centrist social democrats have formed a coalition with the radical socialists in order to be able to put their views into effect in full.
VDB-SDAP Coalition
The social democrats must work with their partners in the Lijst Links electoral alliance if they are to set up the first Dutch centre-left government.
Overthrow the System!
The parliamentary system of the Netherlands is obsolete! Let us abolish the current system in favour of a more radical solution.
Use the Popular Mandate
The people have given us their trust to repair the nation. With them having been granted their wish, we should work within the system to reform it.
Revoke the Ambtenarenverbod
The Ambtenarenverbod was a flawed attempt by Colijn to stop the rise of syndicalism in the Netherlands. With a serious left-wing coalition in power, it is time for us to repeal this obsolete mess!
Amend the Wapenwet
Currently weapons are quite easily obtainable in the Netherlands, a serious concern in these politically turbulent times. If we were to tighten up our weapons legislation, it would help us limit the casualties of civil violence.
Institute a Minimum Wage
Many people are currently working for less than they need for survival. Let us implement a general minimum wage that provides a safety net to those most in need...
Ban the VNH
The VNH is a highly polarising force within Dutch politics. The country is better off without their corrosive influence.
Dissolve the Landwacht
The paramilitary wing of the VNH is infamous for terrorising peaceful demonstrations, breaking up strikes by force, and allegedly even committing political assassinations! They ought to be banned!
Dissolve the Red Front
The paramilitary National Red Front is a threat to public order, renowned for its street brawling, persecution of businessmen and supposed violence against the Church! We must outlaw them if we are to get stability!
Planning the Welfare State
In some enlightened nations such as Denmark, the welfare state is already an active phenomenon. In the Netherlands we have nothing like it, however. If we ever hope to implement it we must plan accordingly.
Demand That the Violence Cease
In spite of our ban on paramilitaries roaming our streets the violence has only marginally declined. It is time that we invite the leadership of both sides to a meeting to demand their assistance in resolving this crisis.
Disperse the Far-Right
Through our measures the far right has been virtually expunged from our nation. It will take years for them to become a significant force again even if we were to stop now! All the same, we must keep up the relentless pressure.
Democratic Collectivisation
Let us collectivise private property where we can, so that every Dutch citizen can be equally represented in the Netherlands of the future.
Doorbraak
For too long Holland's political system has been fragmented into clusters of self-serving interest groups and institutions. No more! Finally, we shall shatter the obsolete pillars of the past by implementing a new depillarisation programme.
Progressive Tax System
We are to tax the rich more than the poor if we are to be able to fund the welfare state we are envisioning and increase equality, even if the rich will not like such a move.
Close Pillar Institutions
It is time we end this pillarised society. Someone who is Protestant will only listen to Protestant radio as it is. Let us end these rifts by closing down the Catholic, Liberal, Protestant and even Socialist news media!
National Dutch Broadcaster
With the closure of all major broadcasting stations as part of our depillarisation efforts, it is time for us to launch one station for all Dutch, one that represents us all!
State Pensions
An essential part of the new Dutch welfare state will be that the elderly will be able to retire with a minimum standard of living, thanks to the contribution of those that continue working.
Sick Leave Legislation
Employers should allow people who are not well to stay home for some time, as it is the humane thing to do. Sadly, not everyone seems to agree, so we'll need to make it mandatory.
Subsidised Tuition
Nothing helps social mobility more than making it possible for those with the capacity to receive the schooling they need. Henceforth the future will determine your fate instead of the past.
Mandatory Health Insurance
Currently healthy people of young age usually do not take health insurance, resulting in very expensive insurance, resulting in some people who need cover being unable to pay for it. We ought to make it mandatory.
Twinkling Social Democracy
Our policies have made the Netherlands a beacon in the world, and an example for all on how to build a proper welfare state.
Entice Christian Progressives
Many Christian progressives vote for the conservatives simply because they are Christian. Part of the Doorbraak policy will be incentivising them to actually vote for the left-wing parties that they secretly admire.
The United State
We ought to show unity at all times. Let us stand united as Dutchmen versus the world.
Aftermath of Black Monday
Black Monday shockwaves have hit the Dutch economy hard. The government will be forced to take immediate and drastic action to avoid the economy breaking down completely.
Public Works
By investing in public projects like the construction of canals, city parks and highways, we will be able to restore the purchasing power of the common man, who would otherwise be unemployed, while also getting improved infrastructure in return.
Drop the Gold Standard
We adhere to the Gold Standard so that investors will see the Guilder as a stable currency that can always be turned in for gold at the central bank. An unfortunate side-effect of having a strong Guilder is that it makes it expensive for people from other countries to purchase Dutch products. By dropping the gold standard and devaluing the Guilder we can mitigate these effects.
Defence Spending Spree
We shall bring our military back to the level of the rest of the world. Socialists and other unpatriotic folk are saying that the military should be the last place the government should invest in these times, but we shall prove them wrong!
Extend Unemployment Subsidies
Owing to Black Monday, more people are unemployed than ever before. While the conservative and especially the liberal governments of the last decades have implemented basic unemployment subsidies, they were afraid to discourage working if they made the rates too high; couple that with inflation and everyone living of these subsidies is impossible.
Finish Rijksweg 12
Before Black Monday ended the German golden era, plans for building a highway connecting The Hague with the German border were already considered, though it ended up only reaching as far as Oudenrijn. Extending the Rijksweg to the German border would serve as a powerful symbol of our government's commitment to other national infrastructure projects.
Trade Missions
Trade missions seeking to reach agreement with foreign governments and companies are a great way to expand the reach of Dutch business and potentially alleviate the current economic downturn.
Loan to Shell
Royal Dutch Shell has been through a series of rough years during the 1920s. While other Dutch companies prospered, Shell suffered the catastrophic loss of their British holdings in the Revolution of 1925, a situation only alleviated by our accession to the German economic sphere of the Reichspakt. We can give them a loan that will surely turn into an investment beneficial for both parties.
Cut Employment Benefits
More and more people are sacked from their workplace, and the treasury is increasingly stretched by their demand for subsidies and benefits. If we are not to end up with a monstrous debt at the end of this, we must cut down the money available.
A Country of Canals
By building canals all over the Netherlands we will keep our unemployed populace working while rejuvenated businesses will profit from the canals and the infrastructure it brings in the future.
Factory Building
By building more factories the nation will be able to increase its domestic military production. While we are a transit country it can never hurt to invest in other sectors as well.
The Rhine Line
Ever since the inception of the Communard regime in France the godless syndicalists have been plotting our destruction and that of our German neighbour. The Rhine is a significant obstacle to this end and if we were to strengthen it with forts, provided God blesses us, there will be no foreign syndicalist setting foot on Dutch soil north of the Rhine.
Limited Working Week
The minimum working week is too long, and as a result, employers cannot afford to hire as many as they otherwise could. By shortening the working week, employers will be forced to hire more people, thus allowing more people to earn a living.
Improve the Afsluitdijk
The Afsluitdijk was finished in the early thirties and closes off the Zuiderzee, turning the IJsselmeer into an inland bay. The risk of the dyke breaking could have disastrous effects however, so investing in securing its structural integrity could hardly hurt. Furthermore, it would also deliver much-needed work for unemployed people.
West Indies Trade Hub
The West Indies are ideally situated to be a trading post for trade with the western hemisphere. The America's, far away from Germany's sphere of influence, can also provide a chance to diversify our exports, which is currently overly focussed on the Kaiserreich.
Loan to SBM
The Surinaamse Bauxiet Maatschappij is a mining company in Dutch Guyana. By giving them a loan, they will be able to expand their activities on the South American continent and hopefully deliver us more military-critical resources than ever before.
Cut Employers' Red Tape
One of the factors that pushes Dutch industry behind foreign competition is our raft of highly sophisticated yet burdensome safety regulation. It's sad, but we cannot afford such things in these times of crisis.
A Park for Every Town
Another manner to keep our unemployed busy is by building a lot of parks. Generations yet unborn will be able to come to their senses in these tranquil sites, that will have been built in these hard times.
Forced Labour Draft
Many so-called unemployed claims they cannot find work to do; at the same time, we cannot find people to defend the fatherland. This paradoxical situation will end now. If you want to receive money from the state then you will have to do something for it if you can, even if it will mean that our soldiers will be slightly less motivated.
Media Censorship
We cannot just trust the intellect of the common man, and need to those block dirty syndicalists where we can. By censoring most French media, and limited censorship of known syndicalist affiliated media, will dam these muddy waters.
Privatisation of Projects
Our investments have borne fruit: companies are expressing their interest in taking over some of our national projects in hopes of making a profit off them. To do this, they will need to hire people, who will in turn spend more money. While we have not fully recovered from Black Monday yet, this will surely be the beginning of the end of our nation's suffering.
Return to Pre-Crisis Export Rates
Our efforts to make Dutch companies as lucrative as possible have borne fruit: export rates are returning to pre-crisis levels, and in some sectors even exceed these levels. To handle the workload, companies are forced to hire more people, resulting in more spending power for the common man. While this may not amount to full recovery yet, it is possible to see a bright horizon ahead of us.
Unemployment Reduced
Our werkverschaffing-programme has borne fruit: day after day, less people come to stamp as proof that they are in fact unemployed and not claiming their subsidies as free extra money on top of their regular salary. It seems we succeeded, and while we have not fully recovered yet from Black Monday, the worst of the crisis' effects seem to have abated.
More Purchasing Power
Our large investments in the military are resulting in people finding work across a number of sectors, ranging from the production of weapons to serving in the army themselves. As a result, they have money to spend, which is now slowly kickstarting the recovery of other sectors as well. While we have not fully recovered from Black Monday yet, we are certain that this is the beginning of the end of the suffering.
Recovery from Black Monday
Our sound strategy to fight the economic collapse that ensued after Black Monday has resulted in the stabilisation of our economy. In all sectors, more people are employed, more products are sold and increasing liquidity is floating around. It seems we succeeded in guiding the country through a hard time, and people are confident in the future once again.
Eastern Industrialisation
Imports from Germany and the borderlands are the future. By investing in that region, we shall be able to benefit from cross-border trade and encourage a number of new businesses to open.
Northern Industrialisation
We have already established funds to help businesses in the north of the country. All that remains for us to do now is to open it up to applications.
Consolidate the Arms Industry
Our recent efforts to incentivise small businesses are already paying off, particularly in the domestic sphere. All the same, it is vital now that we encourage a number of small military firms to come together to enable them to make a meaningful contribution to our military sector.
Subsidise Philips
Philips is one of our most famous corporations, and a global player in the electronics market. By subsidising their R&D and engaging in joint ventures with them, we can harness them for our own state uses.
Investments in Spyker
Though Spyker has had its ups and downs, its military value makes it a key player in our country. By investing in a majority shareholding in the firm we would be able to take advantage of its automotive prowess to develop mechanised technology.
Werkspoor Loans
The Werkspoor company is our primary armour designer, and as such we should not overlook its importance as a potential driver for improving our army's potential in the near future.
Economic Boom
With just the right amount of interference and hands-off approach, our economy has become less a shadow of its former self, than an outright phoenix. Holland is standing strong, and our nation is booming.
The SDAP Question
With the Netherlands entering a new socio-political order, the time has come to consider whether to allow the somewhat centrist SDAP to stand for election to the assembly that will decide the nation's future. It may be a Trojan Horse for reactionaries.
Elect a New Assembly
We must choose who to elect to our new legislative body in order to establish a new constitutional framework for Holland.
The Third National Assembly
The time has come. The Assembly will decide on who fills each post within the new executive Volksraad, allowing all left-wing parties to have a say in this new political order.
Industrial Democracy
No more shall the few make decisions for the many. Our workers shall be more involved in the making of decisions, sharing responsibilities, and authority within the workplace.
Rebuilding [HOL.GetNameDef]
With the [HOL.GetRulingPartylong] being voted via Third National Assembly to govern, they seek to rebuild [HOL.GetNameDef] from the ground up.
One Raadspensionaris!
Unexpectedly, most of the Assembly appears to have come to one simple conclusion. There should only be a single 'Grand Pensionary', David Wijnkoop, who shall guard the revolution against reactionaries and imperialists without a shred of mercy.
Council of the State
The Council-Communists under Anton Pannekoek and his KAPN have taken a majority in the new Assembly, becoming the leading constituents of the Volksraad executive body. Known for their opposition to formal decision-making bodies, this has come as quite a shock.
Vakbondsfederatie
The Assembly's majority choice appeared to be the syndicalist NAS party under Jacques de Kadt, who has called for Communard-style rule under a 'federation of trade unions'. The most 'orthodox' of the serious leftist groups in the state, the NAS was a clear compromise between all involved.
Socialist Republic
Henk Sneevliet's radical socialist RSAP party has been elected with a majority by the Assembly as the new government. A new socialist republic is likely to be formed, with less of the overt posturing of the hard-left syndicalists and reactionary-style backsliding of the SDAP.
Social Democracy
Shocking many of those present in the Assembly, it appears that the Volksraad elected was indeed that of the moderate SDAP under Willem Albarda. It appears that, for the other more militant factions of the revolution, allowing the SDAP to take part in the elections proved to be a serious mistake.
Dutch Militias
The way forward for our armed forces is the recruitment of People's Militias to help us safeguard the revolution and prevent foreign forces from crushing us before we have managed to find our feet.
Exercitiegenootschap
The revolution is far from assured. At every turn there is another threat that must be systematically eliminated to preserve what we have so far accomplished. Drawing from our history, we shall army those who are loyal to our ideals, to put down any who threat our revolution.
Revolutionary Vanguard
The revolution cannot wait; it needs to be pushed forward so workers of the world can unite under one banner. Break the chains!!!
Enshrine Leninism
The now pasted Russian Marxist revolutionary Vladimir Lenin stated that the proletariat shall rise up against their capitalist enslavers and be the vanguard of the revolution. We shall follow in this great man's footsteps.
War Syndicalism
Labour Camps
Our political and ideological foes can learn peace through labour, by soldiering for the revolution in the mines and in the camps. There, disarmed, they can pose little threat to us and can reflect on their flawed beliefs and acts.
Democratic Workplaces
All workers must have a say in the company for which they slave. No longer shall employers and reactionaries oppress those that toil for them - without representation at least.
Socialist Economic Planning
With the ability to now plan the economy to that of the worker will allow the government to dictate development with them in mind first, and not profit.
Mixed Economy
Under the [HOL.GetRulingParty], private and state ran companies work in tandem, to ensure that the workers, and the reactionaries are put first.
Proletarian Humanism
The [HOL.getrulingparty] supports syndicalism being introduced to [HOL.getname] at the pace of a sloth. They view men being different to the natural order of things, and as such should be treated so.
Industrial Syndicalism
The Netherlands, thanks to the exploitation of the worker, and their colonial slaves, has become a centre of industrialisation. Now with the proletariat in charge, we are able to right the wrongs of the Capitalist and ensure the rights of the worker is put first.
Factory Towns
To ensure the protection of the worker against the counter-reactionaries, we must ensure they are safe in their towns. Even if that means they cannot leave, especially those with a German background...
Mass Collectivisation
A key part of our economic doctrine is the collectivisation of agriculture and industry, lumping smaller entities under a larger and more efficient centre.
Review Union Laws
We must take note from [FRA.getname] who were at one point at the mercy of their own Unions, who has been directing the economy, via dishonesty, and near capitalist means. We will tighten our measures to ensure this does not occur within our small nation.
Rebuilding the Bureaucracy
The stain of the previous administration will take years to completely remove. Though we make steps to purge ourselves of their capitalist bureaucracy and replace it with one that cares for the worker.
Verzorgingsstaat
The least we owe our people is a well-managed and properly functioning Welfare State, one that is palatable to both socialists and conservatives alike.
Union Liberty Constitution
Formalising the new political order of our nation with a formal constitution would alleviate the concerns of many, more conservative Dutchmen as well as legitimise our executive in its new role.
Market Syndicalism
Just because there is a new leftist order in Holland doesn't mean that we should cast aside all of our old trappings. After all, the markets incentivise workers in many fields, including construction.
Finish the National Assembly
With a number of substantial reforms instigated and proposals outlined, the Assembly now appears to be drawing to a relatively close, its primary purpose served. It has been invaluable in drawing our new socio-political system together and so its legacy will live on.
Reijnders' Putsch
In an absolutely shocking turn of events, the head of the Dutch army, Izaak Reijnders launched a military coup d'état in Amsterdam, stating that the nation was in danger of falling to dangerous syndicalist subversives. Holland's destiny is, for now, uncertain.
VNH Electoral Victory
The VNH have won an astounding victory in the recent elections, supplanting the conservative CNA, and plunging the nation into uncertainty. What the new government will do is, yet, uncertain.
CNA's Gamble Pays Off
The ruling CNA has managed to score yet another electoral victory, continuing its unopposed rule of the nation. All the same, its majority has shrunk, and it may have to find a coalition partner to continue with the authority and mandate it once had. Still, the status quo remains - for now.
Consolidate the Junta
With the putsch having been a complete success, it is now incumbent on the powers that be to formalise their rule. By consolidating the members of the new provisional military junta in charge of the Netherlands, some much needed stability will be granted to a weary nation.
Intimidate Parliament
The new status quo cannot be guaranteed without Parliament being bullied into handing over emergency powers. Such measures might be unpleasant, but they are necessary to stave off syndicalist revolt.
Alliance of the Right
Holland's problems cannot be solved by one party alone. There must be unity in purpose between nationalists and conservatives if this nation is to be saved from the dangers of radical thinking.
CNA Rules Alone
We do not need any other. Holland has only one guiding hand, and it will continue to preserve society until its dying breath, God willing.
Work With the LSP
If we have to work with others, then we could do no worse than the market liberal LSP. While our beliefs are primarily social, theirs tend to stress economic concerns. It is a compromise that does not pose too many problems, at least in comparison to our other 'choices'.
Declare Martial Law
If we are to safeguard the new regime then it is imperative that we begin crackdowns immediately and demonstrate our resolve to solve the nation's political crisis. By declaring martial law in Europe, we will be able to make clear our determination to save Holland from itself.
Rebuild the Binnenhof
The Binnenhof is a near-sacred institution in the Netherlands, and the arson that destroyed it to many represents a clear symbol of the decay of our state and its slide into political madness. By rebuilding it we might send a widespread signal of what we hope to achieve for the future.
The Red Scare
The threat that the forces of socialism and treacherous syndicalism poses to our way of life cannot be underestimated. It is time that we begin making this clear to the people, if they have not already grasped a fact as basic and immutable as gravity itself.
Amend the Ambtenarenverbod
The civil service ban has proven to be insufficient for protecting our fragile political system from subversion. By amending the legislation behind it to weigh it further in our favour, we can weaken the grasp of leftist groups over the apparatus of state.
Subvert the Legal System
Dangerous times call for desperate measures. Though it pains the conservative element in our government dearly, it is vital that government influence over the nation's legal system and judiciary be extended to allow us to tackle the threats facing us.
Dissolve the Landwacht
The Landwacht are aligned with VNH nationalist interests against the state, and so they must be put down - by force if necessary. The only paramilitaries that can be allowed to operate in Holland are our own.
Syndicalist Crackdown
Our nation has allowed those that seek to do it harm to wander its streets unmolested for years. This sad situation must end if we are to preserve the independence of Holland in the face of despicable Red forces arrayed against us in the south and west.
Break up the Socialist Pillar
While the Socialist pillar has until now been a mostly tolerable focal point for more legitimate and less violent dissent against conservative rule of Holland, it poses a threat that goes far beyond the sum of its parts. The institutions such as the trade unions could hide syndicalist sympathisers, and this is intolerable.
Compulsory Anthem in Schools
As part of a wider systematic policy to encourage nationalist fervour in the country in the face of leftist opposition, a proposal has been put forward of some interest; ensure that the national anthem, the Het Wilhelmus, is compulsory in school classrooms.
New Flag Protocol
One simple manner by which we can rekindle the spark of Dutch pride in our countrymen is to codify a new flag protocol. New rules governing how to treat the national flag, including its waving, its treatment and criminal penalties for mistreatment, would all be cheap yet popular.
Nationalist Renaissance
It doesn't take much to make a Dutchman love their country, it is an easy land to love after all. All the same, it is impressive how fast a few simple policies have managed to unite vast numbers of people around our country's political future.
The Queen's Speech
While Her Majesty has mostly sought to stay clear of politics in recent months, befitting her position and royal dignity, it has increasingly become clear that the new regime is here to stay and as such it appears that she may soon publicly announce her tacit support for it, at least for the moment.
Establish Secret Police
The current state security apparatus is insufficient for our needs, that much is clear. By establishing an entirely new branch of the police, linked with intelligence and military divisions, we can help preserve Holland's stability.
Formalise Anti-Socialist Laws
Now that the flames of socialism that threatened to burn down all of the Netherlands have been finally stamped out it's time to put our defences against the red tide into official law. No longer shall our home be under threat from internal dissidents!
Attempt to Legitimise the Landwacht
The Landwacht has an image problem, that much is obvious. However, if we attempt to portray them as citizen guards and drill that message into the populace enough, it may just be enough to cover up their glaring flaws. Reforming them as an organisation will have to come later.
Outlaw Trade Unions
The trade unions, those bastions of syndicalist ideology, pose an existential threat to our nation. By bringing in legislation that challenges the power of the trade unions enough to essentially consign them to history, we can end their despicable influence.
Defending the Revolution
As a syndicalist nation in Europe it is vital that we play our part in the struggle for the working class. To do otherwise would be a gross dereliction of our duty.
Men from R.E.D
The Men from R.E.D 'Revolutionary Exportation Directory' have been working from the shadows for years, evading the capitalists' GS III agency, and assisting with the revolution. Now that the Proletariat have arisen, they have switched roles to assist us in rebuilding the Nederlander Volksleger (NV).
Prepare the Inundation Lines
Ever since our independence war against the Spanish in the 16th century, inundation, or intentional flooding of the land, has been an integral part of our defences. Properly prepared, it will surely save us again: we have yet to see a tank that can cross water.
Red Sky Initiative
Though we are a nation of traders, and builders, our population is much smaller than those that are at the gates. We shall use shells not men to keep the enemies back, with our proud worker providing them at a steady pace.
Smash the Pillars of Capitalisms
British Pantser Designs
A gap has been left in our army in the execution of armoured warfare tactics, and tank designs. Though with British designs, and Dutch ingenuity, we the Dutch are seeking to bridge this gap.
A New Navy
Class Traitors, Reactionaries, Verraders. These are the names given to those who serve in Burgerlijk fleet, who are now cowering in [DEI.Getname]. They have left us with nothing, though we shall rebuild...
A New Direction
Though we lack a fleet, we have the facilities to build more. Though building Battleships, or Dreadnoughts is not within our means, a new direction has been sort.
Radical Approach
The cost benefit analysis to build new Battleships, and Pantserschip has shown that they are outdated as they leave the shipwrights. A bold, new radical approach would see \
De Rode Vesting
Reversing the defensive plans by Winkelman, will have our forts face the Germans, and not our comrades.
The People's Army
We have removed our Burgerlijk officers, and those that sympathetic to their cause. We are now truly now an army for the people.
Rocket Development
Furthering our Red Sky Initiative - Rockets and similar ordnance are being researched and constructed to rain down upon our enemies.
Volk Luchtmacht
With many of our previous members of the Luchtmacht leaving, like our navy, we have been forced to start from scratch. Our only saving grace is they left the planes behind for us...
Paratroepen
Brute force isn't required against our enemy, but precision, which our newly formed Paratroopers can provide.
Arms of the Proletariat
British arms are finding their way into the hands of Dutch Proletariat, who will drive the Prussians back.
Smash the Pillars of Capitalisms
As we smashed the pillars within our society, we must smash the pillars of capitalism. With our new arsenal, we shall do just that.
De Bataafse Revolutie
Our history is rife with the Germans, and all the forms they take, attempting to rob us of our freedom. We shall ensure the Dutch Proletariat is aware of these facts, regardless how \
CS 6
The CS 6 was formed under the auspices of R.E.D agents, with the origin of its name lost. Its goal is to help preserve syndicalist ideology within [HOL.getname].. by any means
Batavian Committee of Science
By nationalising the assets of research companies and placing them under the oversight of one committee by, for and with the people, we will be able to conduct research far more efficiently.
Exploit Royalist Sentiment
With the Queen's backing, our junta has been given the modicum of legitimacy that it needed to bring a number of undecided moderates over to our way of thinking. Now increasingly viewed as the saviours of a troubled nation, our position is becoming far safer.
The Order of Oranje Nassau
The chivalric Order of Orange-Nassau exists to reward those that give their all to the Dutch people, either on the battlefield or in the civilian sphere. With the support of the monarchy, we can begin to use the order for our own political and military ends.
Permanent Stability
It has become clear to all that there is no way that the people can be left to their own devices. Inevitably populist figures on the left and right will rise to hijack their passions and fears, plunging the nation into chaos. There is only one rational path forwards - an end to elections.
Restore Democracy
The dangers of syndicalism and populism have been averted. There is no more need for a reactionary junta and the time has come to restore democratic rule to the Netherlands.
VNH Crackdown
While the Landwacht has been suppressed, its insidious paymasters in the VNH still remain active in the country. It is not only leftist groups that pose a threat to our country, but nationalist groups too.
Zonderlinge Zaterdag
VNH's reforms have been effective so far, and the country is recovering to some extent, both politically and economically. All the same, the events of 'Strange Saturday' might put an end to all previous notions of stability.
Staatsvakbond
The Dutch people have a newfound sense of pride, however with the loss of traditional pillars and outlets such as the unions, their anger and zeal might be directed our way. By instituting new state-led trade unions, we can diffuse and disarm these feelings, and potentially redirect them towards our enemies.
Voor Leider en Vaderland!
The cry goes out, 'for leader and fatherland!'. It booms from the rafters of the highest Amsterdam tower to the base of its lowest canal. Our new order is finally ready, and we are on the march. Voor Leider. Voor Vaderland.
Tighten the Ambtenarenverbod
The civil service ban has been insufficient in its goal of stemming the tide of extremist influence within our government and administration. We must legislate to make it more effective at snuffing out dangerous ideologies.
Entrench Pillarisation
The pillars are the foundation upon which Dutch society stands. Without them there can be no stability. At every opportunity we must embrace and bolster our cultural and democratic institutions.
Ban Paramilitary Groups
On both the left and right paramilitaries such as the Red Front and Landwacht have caused us disconcerting amounts of problems. This will end. Now.
Support the Pillars
We have begun implementing substantive acts and proposals intended to bolster the traditional pillars of Dutch society, for example through incentivising church attendance and encouraging Dutch footballers to travel for games overseas to the adulation of radio listeners.
Suppress the Paramilitaries
While we have implemented law banning paramilitary organisations, the time has come to truly enforce them. By cracking down hard on these undemocratic groups, we will strike a blow that will send the radicals scurrying back to their foreign paymasters. The security of the Netherlands depends on it.
The Pillars Preserved
Our efforts to inspire confidence in the traditional pillars have not gone unnoticed, and increasingly members of the public are coming to recognise the righteousness of our intervention in otherwise off-limit cultural and social affairs. Our actions are paying off.
NAS Dissolution
Outlawing the primary syndicalist party in the Netherlands is critical if our efforts are to have any chance of succeeding. Inspired by Communard French demagogues, this movement is a menace to all Dutch society.
Outlaw the RSAP
While the radical socialists are not quite as dangerous as other, more extreme left-wing groups, they are a danger to society. Their programmes and manifesto are persuasive to a number of lower-class workers and intellectuals, making them a key target.
Ban the Patriotten
The Patriotten are a virulent disease, the likes of which the Netherlands hasn't seen for many years. It is so radical that it poses as much as threat to other syndicalist ideologies as our own. Self-destructive impulses aside, we must suppress such groups.
Ban the VNH
With the left pushed underground, it becomes increasingly important that we crush the far-right threat in this country once and for all. The VNH's more extreme elements turn an otherwise palatable group into a potential danger to the nation, and as such they must be brought down by law.
Launch Underground Raids
With many extremist groups forced underground, that leaves them with only one remaining place for us to target. We will launch a major police operation and bring down the remnants of these hateful groups, no matter the cost.
Stable Once More!
It has been a hard road, but with our serious ideological opposition now consigned to prison cells, foreign shores or an early grave, perhaps now the Netherlands might be able to rest easy.
Negotiate with the Left
If we are to ensure that politics in the Netherlands remains relatively unbesmirched by extremism, it is important that we consider negotiating with some of the more moderate elements of the left to ensure stability.
Limited Welfare
A number of limited welfare reforms and incentives might just be enough to get the leftist groups on side. The question is whether or not they are acceptable to all involved.
Restrict the Red Front
The left-wing Red Front paramilitaries pose a serious threat to civil order in our nation. We must demand some level of action be taken on them.
De-Facto Recognition of Syndicalists
A number of leftists regularly demand that we recognise syndicalist regimes such as that of the Commune of France. While de-jure recognition is unpalatable to many rightist groups, if not totally out of the question, perhaps token recognition could be proposed.
Limit the NAS
It is vital that we demand that at least some measures be taken against the NAS, a union of orthodox syndicalists that have the most moral legitimacy of most hard-left groups in the country. The question is, how far should we go in our demands?
Protection from the Landwacht
The Landwacht are a distinctly nationalist group of paramilitaries that regularly cause serious harm to left-wing activists and street marchers. No doubt the negotiations will centre on us assisting the leftists against them in some manner.
Minimise Socialist Influence
One area that is critical for us is to limit the power of the radical socialist RSAP, the only hard-left group with parliamentary representation. They have a been a major thorn in our side, and so the negotiations would be a good chance of removing them.
Negotiations Succeeded!
Our willingness to concede on a few points, and the surprising willingness of our political rivals to come to terms, means that the negotiations have proven to be a relative success for all involved.
Cordon Sanitaire Against the Right
With the power of the leftists limited to a reasonable extent by our negotiations, it is time for us to unite against the forces of far-right extremism within the Netherlands.
Dutch Democracy is Saved!
After months of brutal negotiations it appears that some level of stability is finally returning to Dutch politics.
Negotiate with the Right
Though it might not be an ideal situation, we would be best placed to negotiate with less extremist elements of the nationalist VNH movement in order to bring some measure of peace to Dutch politics.
Limit Landwacht Activities
A key part of the deal rests on the Landwacht, the right-wing VNH paramilitary group responsible for breaking leftist skulls in recent street marches. While we could demand that they be dissolved, pushing the point too hard might alienate even some relatively moderate VNH members.
Curtail Union Rights
If there is one thing that we can all agree on, it is that the threat posed by syndicalism and its trade union backers is existential. However, the VNH's demands that we seriously damage them might prove to be destabilising anathema to the Dutch working class.
Reduce Military Influence
A number of senior army figures are public members of the VNH, even if less politically noxious than others. All the same, we must make limiting the VNH's influence on our armed forces contingent on any deal we sign with them. We cannot allow the risk of a coup.
Lower Tariffs
The VNH has demanded that we lower economic tariffs on imported goods, somewhat contrary to their nationalist leanings. While doing so might gain their support, it may prove to be unpopular with the people once cheap goods flood onto the market undercutting local businesses.
Limit Populist Parties
One demand that we must make of the VNH is to consider their position on allowing constant party rallies. At these rallies, a number of young Dutchmen are being radicalised by more extremist elements within the VNH.
Nationalise German Assets
Unbelievably, one of the VNH's demands is that we seize German property in the country. Though this might be incredibly dangerous, the VNH have made it a major demand, and as such we cannot simply ignore it.
Negotiations Succeeded!
It appears that the more moderate wing of the VNH were not so unreasonable after all. With their support in neutralising the threat from the far-right elements within the nationalist movement, we can now turn our attention to promoting peace throughout the Dutch political system.
Cordon Sanitaire Against the Left
It is all in place now. With support from moderate and right groups, we can stem the malign influence of radical left groups within our proud nation. It seems that finally the Netherlands will be stable once more.
The Dutch Army
The Netherlands does not need anyone to tell them about how to manage an effective military. All the same, with the fell winds of conflict on the horizon, it is important that we give greater thought to the long-term future of our army.
Expand the GS III
Third Department of the General Staff was established during the early days of the Weltkrieg. Its goal was to ensure monitor both the Central Powers, or the Entente, to provide insight in the goings-on, and to ensure no ill will was to be directed at the Netherlands. Now with Radicalism on the rise, the GS III has been called on again to defend the Netherlands from enemies that are both foreign and domestic...
Koninklijke Militaire Academie
The Royal Military Academy (KMA) has been supplying the Army, and the Marechaussee (National Police) with fresh commissioned officers since 1828. With the Weltkrieg over, and with many officers on both sides of the conflict now retiring. We should seek them to impart their knowledge, and experiences on our cadets, to better them.
Focus on Defence
Our land is a brutal morass, a place of swamps, marshes and sturdy men. By playing to the Netherlands' strengths, we shall make our enemies bleed for every inch they take.
Expand the Artillerie Inrichtingen
The Koninklijke Artillerie Inrichtingen are vital for our army. We need to reopen production lines so we can start replacing our old equipment with modern materiel.
New Anti-Tank Guns
If we are to hold out against a superior foe, we need weapons capable of penetrating even the mightiest of Panzers. We must invest into anti-tank weaponry and its research.
Artillery Modernisation
Our defensive measures have no use if we have no big guns to back them up. And these guns from the 19th century we have now will make nice museum pieces.
Anti-Aircraft Guns
We cannot hope to match the superpowers in terms of aerial capabilities. We must invest in a network of defensive gun emplacements and flak towers.
Reinforce the Vesting Holland
Our defences should hold, but it would be foolish of us to hope that in their current state they would prove effective enough against invading armies. Further investment into our fortifications is paramount.
Study Defence Plans
As a small coastal nation, we have always anticipated attack from the sea, but new threats on the global stage are forcing us to deal with potential land invasions as well. We need to make better plans for the defence of the Netherlands.
Mobilisation Preparations
Revisiting our mobilisation timetables and preparations will allow us to be ready for war should the need arise.
Regiment Stoottroepen
The infiltration tactics used by the German army in the Weltkrieg, have made their way into the Dutch army with the expansion of a shock troop regiment.
Rifles and Boots
Our infantrymen are the bedrock on which our army is based. We must give them all of the support we can so that they aren't forced to march into battle with little more than broomsticks and sandals.
A Mobile Army
Our flat land makes mechanised and armoured divisions a no-brainer. By investing further into this area and applying new military doctrine to our army, the Netherlands can become a force to be reckoned with.
The Gemotorizeerde Huzaren
While once horses were the choice of the cavalrymen of their day, we need new vehicles for a new breed of hussars to bring death to our enemies.
Bicycles For our Soldiers
We Dutch are famed for our bicycles. They grant the user a surprising level of mobility and have served our armies well for years. We need more. Many more.
Pantserkorps Formation
The people like to see that we are spending their tax money in new fields. By publicly demonstrating our resolve to form a new armoured force, we might just be able to win some kudos.
Korps Pioniers
The Pioneer Corps are the jewel in our military crown. All the same, we must invest further time and energy into these men, if we are to make the most advantage from their talents.
Integrated Recon Battalions
More important than being able to fight, is knowing where your enemy is before they detect you. By integrating recon companies into our divisions, we shall give our forces a crucial edge.
Pantrado M39 Armoured Cars
Armoured Cars are a cheap and efficient way of scouting the battlefield and providing cheap transport for our troops. We need to extend our research into the design and production of better models.
van Doorne's Aanhangwagen Fabriek
DAF Trucks are a vital part of an economy based on exports and have recently won a military contract to further expand the M39 fleet.
Genietroepen
The more moving parts in our Army, the more military engineers are required to keep it moving forward... or rolling in some cases.
Integrated Support Elements
With the integration of support elements, our forces can thurst deeper into enemy territory.
Study Mobile Tactics
We are now starting to get all this new and expensive machinery, but we have no experience actually using it! We should study the usage of mobile truck divisions and tanks otherwise it is all for nothing.
Braat Overvalwagen
Developed in the Dutch East Indies, the Braat Overvalwagen is cheap enough to make armoured personnel carrier. We can consider adopting this design for the mainland army as well.
Prepare the Inundation Lines
Ever since our independence war against the Spanish in the 16th century, inundation, or intentional flooding of the land, has been an integral part of our defences. Properly prepared, it will surely save us again: we have yet to see a tank that can cross water.
The Dutch Navy
As we move into an era beyond the Weltkrieg, we will need to decide how our navy develops. There are multiple plans on the table, we will have to evaluate each one and decide on the best.
Vlootplan Furstner
We must radically alter our navy's composition. It is being made increasingly clear that battleships are being made redundant by the ever-improving potency of the airplane. We need to expand on our existing carrier and her capabilities, and if possible, acquire more naval airpower!
Gateway to Europe
Our ports have always seen the goods of the world flow through it, and onto mainland Europe. We shall expand upon our ports and drydocks in [36.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to further expand our capital.
Koninklijke de Schelde
The area around Vlissingen is perfect for our new shipyard expansion. First built in 1875, it has traditionally focused on repair and resupply, but it's high time we made it into a large construction area as well.
Escort Destroyer
Our carrier and other capital ships are slow lumbering targets and can easily be torpedoed if left unguarded. We need to ensure that our destroyers are up for that task.
Anti-Aircraft Light Cruiser
We need ships to shoot enemy planes out of the skies to protect our fleet. A cruiser sized design is perfect for that. We can specialise our future cruiser designs to have less guns pointing at the sea, and more into the skies!
Carrier Tactics
We have a carrier force, but never properly studied how to use them effectively. We should remedy this at once.
The Gouden Leeuw
The HrMs Gouden Leeuw is truly the pride of our navy. The lone carrier gives us a massive boost in our capabilities, but other navies have more and bigger carriers than her. We can press her to the limit and try to get more planes in the hangar, or we can attempt to get a new one!
Vlootplan Helfrich
We simply do not possess the means to compete with Japan or any other major navy on the surface waters, hence Admiral Helfrich proposes that we outfit our navy with the ships we can also build best, submarines, and harass enemy mercantile shipping and troop transports while we protect our own!
Anti-Submarine Destroyer
By far the greatest danger to our merchant fleet is not via the air, nor the few odd commerce raiders about, but hiding underwater until it might be too late to act. We thus must outfit our destroyers with the latest Anti-Submarine equipment to deal with this threat.
Flotilla Leader
Large ships are expensive, and we shall never be able to build enough for our needs. It thus has been proposed to build a new class of ship, the 'flotilla leader'. Either a small cruiser or a large destroyer in size and thus comparatively cheap, packed with enough firepower to destroy enemy fast surface raiders and dangers lurking under water.
Convoy Sailing
Properly organising our vulnerable transport ships with escort ships able to defend them from harm ensures they have a better chance of arriving at their destination.
Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij
The Rotterdamsche Droogdok Maatschappij has a dedicated submarine wharf which host talented engineers to provide us with the latest submarine designs and innovations. Furthermore, smaller surface ships can also be built at the shipyard, giving us exactly the ships we need... and can afford.
O Class Submarines
Our submarines are going to be designed mainly for operation in the Atlantic. We need them to be stealthy and hit hard to be able to compete with naval powers like Germany, the Commune of France, and the Union of Britain.
K Class colonial submarines
Our empire stretches far, so our submarines need to reach far. We thus need replacement for our ageing colonial submarines, and we need more of them!
Ship a Day Tactics
Our submarines are high in quality, but low in quantity compared to other major seafaring nations. We thus must use each one at its fullest. Admiral Helfrich intends to push every submarine and crew to its limits by aggressively sailing out, and by using unconventional tactics as diving into enemy harbours and torpedoing everything in sight.
Wolfpack
Our submarines should form small groups so they can pick of multiple targets. Should this 'wolfpack' be detected though, this could also mean that multiple submarines cannot escape safely...
Independent Operations
Our submarines should always operate separately in a spread-out manner. This reduces the damage potential of a successful raid, but also makes them harder to detect and might force the enemy to spread-out.
Vlootplan Doorman
The navy is crucial for our survival, and we will need all the firepower we can get. Having an assortment of smaller ships and outdated cruisers will not be enough, we must invest into proper cruisers and our battleship force.
Wilton Fijenoord
The NV Dok en Werf Maatschappij Wilton-Fijenoord is in Schiedam, west of Rotterdam. With its origins tracing back to the first half of the 19th century and was the first Dutch shipbuilding company to use steamer turbines. It is responsible for building most of the Dutch cruisers, as well as some destroyers and submarines.
Kijkduin Class Cruisers
Our previous cruiser designs are either old or just outgunned and too thinly armoured. It is time the Dutch navy gets some truly modern cruisers to form the backbone of the navy.
A New Pantserschip
Our old armoured cruisers are either rusting away at the docks or converted to other uses. We can study reviving this type of ship as they can be used as capable coastal defence ships or cruiser killers, or simply as a cheaper alternative to expensive battleships.
Our Battleships
Our five Battleships were constructed during the 1920s. While we lack the knowledge to build such majestic ships from the ground up, we can refit them to improve their capabilities, or ask German ship wharfs to come up with new designs for us.
Capital Ship Training
The new large-scale ships we are building will necessitate a lot of new training for the crew, and there are a lot of crew as well! We need to implement a new training regimen for all the new sailors needed by this large ocean-spanning fleet.
The Dutch Air Force
Airpower has already shown to be useful in the Weltkrieg, and we can only anticipate its need increasing. We need to lay a firm foundation for airpower in the Netherlands to keep up with foreign enemies.
KMA Luchtvaartacademie
The Air Force is still lacking an organised education system for pilots and officers alike. By setting up the Luchtvaartacademie (Air Academy) within the Royal Military Academy we can improve the tactical operations of the air force considerably.
Gilze-Rijen Air Base
The LVA only has one proper airbase for military use, Airbase Soesterberg. Although centrally located, storing all our airplanes is not ideal. Developing the already existing airstrip at Gilze-Rijen will give our air force an additional base.
Koolhoven
Koolhoven Vliegtuigen Fabriek N.V. situated in Rotterdam, has delivered some smaller airplane types for our air force in the past, mostly trainer planes. However, Koolhoven shows potential, and we can consider giving them a chance to supply our air force with much needed modern planes.
Koolhoven Fighters
As we have opted for Koolhoven as our chief designer for the air force, we should start with replacing our antiquated fighter force with new planes from Koolhoven.
Koolhoven Naval Bombers
Airplanes with torpedoes attached are the bane of any ship, especially the big and lumbering ones. Koolhoven has a rough concept of a promising twin-engine naval bomber design, which are perfect for patrolling near the coast for enemy shipping.
Fokker
Fokker, situated in Amsterdam, has long been a dominant force in the civil aviation market. We should take the designs and adopt them for military use, lending our fighter craft extended range, agility, and firepower.
Fokker Fighters
The Fokker D.XVII forms the bulk of our fighter squadrons, and it has served well as a sturdy and agile machine. Now it is time for a replacement suitable for our needs, and who can do that better than Fokker!
Fokker Jachtkruisers
A twin-engine fighter might not be as fast and nimble, yet the proposed 'Jachtkruisers' by Fokker carry a deadly pack of machineguns, have a much longer range and can potentially be equipped with a bomb load of their own, making them versatile planes.
Finish Ontwerp 115 Bomber
Fokker has design plans in an advanced stage for a true four-four-engine bomber. We can order a prototype to be built and then see if we will actually build this behemoth for our air force.
A New Bomber
The LVA needs a new bomber as those in service are not particularly modern, or even useful. However, but we lack the capacity to have multiple types and should pick one suitable for our needs. Quick and nimble close air support planes, or continue with the Luchtkruiser twin-engine bomber concept?
Huisje-Boompje-Beestje Tactics
By flying very low, our relatively slow bombers are considerably harder to detect and thus have a higher chance to reach their target. Unless they hit a tree of course...
Luchtkruiser Tactics
Our twin-engine planes are not just simple bombers, with their 20mm cannon installed in the nose installed they are like the cruisers of the air! They might not be fast, but can be a serious threat to other bombers, as well as enemy fighters who decide to attack them frontally!
Carrier Plane Variants
The Gouden Leeuw is useless without proper planes, and she is starting to become so with her biplanes in her hanger. Koolhoven has offered us some designs which can be quickly adopted for carrier usage.
Negotiations with the leftists failed
Negotiations with the rightists failed
The Binnenhof was burned down
Friendship with Belgium
Patriotten
Patriotten
RSAP
Revolutionair-Socialistische Arbeiderspartij
NAS
Nationaal Arbeids-Secretariaat
SDAP
Sociaal-Democratische Arbeiderspartij
VDB
Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond
LSP
Liberale Staatspartij
ARP
Anti-Revolutionaire Partij
Military Junta
Military Junta
Military Junta
VNH
Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel
VNH Extremists
Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Lijst Links
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
Coalitie CNA-VNH
CNA
Christelijke Nationale Alliantie
RvS
Raad van State
PvdA
Right-wing Faction in the Partij van de Arbeid
Left-wing Faction in the Partij van de Arbeid
PvdV
Partij van de Vrijheid
VVD
Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie
Progressive wing of the LSP
Conservative wing of the LSP
Conservative wing of the LSP
Red Front
Nationale Rode Front
CHU
Christelijk-Historische Unie
RKSP
Rooms-Katholieke Staatspartij
KAPN
Kommunistische Arbeiderspartij van Nederland
SDAP
PvdA
While preserving neutrality in Europe, the Netherlands faced all the fiercer challenges in their colonies. The Indonesian Independence movement grows bolder by the day, and the grand days of the Dutch Navy are long gone. And even in Europe, things could be better; the Netherlands has always had a special relationship with Germany, particularly economically - which means the rising economic problems in Germany could extend to the Low Countries. And all of this comes at a time in which a rising number of the Dutch people falter over French syndicalism or the dreams of a Greater Netherlands...
GFX_HOL_intro
The Netherlands in 1936
The Netherlands was one of the few countries in Europe to preserve its neutrality in the Weltkrieg, despite discussions about joining the war on the side of Germany. Though the Netherlands profited greatly from the post-Weltkrieg economic boom, a considerable part of its economy is now in German hands, with large-scale investments held by German companies.\n\nFurthermore, leftist ideas have been gaining serious traction in the Netherlands ever since the fall of France and Britain to Syndicalism in the 1920s, with reactionary ideologies also gaining momentum. Dutch democracy will surely be tested by rising global tensions and any collapse in the nation's economic prosperity.
§MCNA§! - §MMajority§! / §MLSP Coalition§! / §MVNH Coalition§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\nElect the CNA:\n£white_dot Alone; and our government will lose its minor majority and new elections will be held, if we choose to continue the CNA rule, we will be forced to ally with the §mLSP§! (and have to negotiate with the right) or the §PVNH§!.\n£white_dot In a coalition with the §mLSP§!, we will have to choose negotiate with the left or right.\n£white_dot In a coalition with the §PVNH§!.\n\n£white_dot In all of these, around the end of February 1938, a fire at the Binnenhof will occur, choose to keep the calm, have the police intervene in the anti-syndicalist riots and don't allow the Landwacht to recruit.\n\n§MSDAP§! - §MVDB Coalition§! / §MQueen Juliana§! / §MRepublic§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\nEither:\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §lVDB§!.\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §RRSAP§!, and have Juliana crowned.\n£white_dot Elect Lijst Links and form a coalition with the §RRSAP§!, and declare a republic.\n\n§MBatavian Commune§! ($syndicalist_coloured$ / $radical_socialist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot After electing Lijst Links, forming a coalition with the §RRSAP§! and declaring a republic, take the focus \
Berlin Stock Market Crashes!
On February 3rd, 1936, the Berlin stock market crashed, plunging the world into a depression. Already it is being labelled the so-called 'Black Monday' crash. Our nation has strong economic ties to the Reich and many German companies are now shutting down their Dutch factories, plunging hundreds of thousands into immediate unemployment. Our banks were greatly exposed to the impact of the Crisis, and its effects are already becoming evident across most of the country.
This could be bad.
Jordaan Riots
The Jordaan district of Amsterdam, traditionally a socialist stronghold, has erupted into violence.\n\nDissatisfaction with the inadequate unemployment provisions provided by the current government have, likely after prodding and agitation by syndicalist or council communist organisations, boiled over into a public protest. The protest turned into a riot as several groups of young men in black uniforms appeared out of the alleyways and descended upon the crowd with clubs, bricks and broken bottles.\n\nWith the police unable to restore order, the mayor was forced to call in several army units to disperse the crowds.
Things are breaking down!
Lijst Links: The VDB-SDAP Electoral Pact
The formation of the overwhelmingly powerful right-wing CNA sent shockwaves through parliament and society alike. As expected, it is proving an unpopular move with many of the more devout believers, who have jumped ship to the smaller religious opposition parties, and many fringe political commentators decry it as either a desperate attempt to gain absolute power or the last gasp of a dying system. Still, the CNA enjoys a comfortable majority of public support.\n\nIn response to the change, the moderate opposition parties have been performing manoeuvres of their own. The SDAP, despite slowly losing members to the radicals, is still the largest political party outside of the CNA itself, and the VDB has been significantly strengthened by becoming the primary focus of liberal politics, but neither is large enough to take the CNA head-on. As such, in order to safeguard the ideals of liberalism, social democracy and the moderate left in general, the VDB and SDAP have announced their cooperation in the coming elections.\n\nTogether, the parties may not be as huge as the CNA, but they have the benefit of a solid foundation, while the CNA is still bleeding votes. Despite both being left-wing parties, their viewpoints are too far apart to truly merge as the CNA has done, but this Left List still offers the possibility of a moderate victory at the ballot box, providing an alternative to the ungainly right-wing bloc that is the CNA, which is shrinking by the day, and fringe organisations like the VNH and the Patriotten.
Mijn hemel!
Falling Living Standards
Ever since February 3rd, Black Monday, and the collapse of the Berlin Stock Market, the economy of the Netherlands has been suffering. Our reliance on Germany has resulted in many of our workers becoming unemployed as German companies choose to cut jobs in the Netherlands first, spreading syndicalist ideas among the population. As a result, the Social Democratic Workers' Party, or SDAP, has been gaining many new members and its political power is increasing. Many of their ideas have merit, but to pass them we would have to bring them into the governing coalition - a potentially dangerous option.
This does not bode well...
Crumbling of the Pillars
Dutch society has long been highly stratified into distinct social groups, referred to as 'pillars'. These pillars all have their own social institutions: their own newspapers, broadcasting organisations, political parties, trade unions and farmers' associations, banks, schools, hospitals, universities, scouting organisations and sports clubs. Some companies even hire only personnel of a specific religion or ideology. This has led to a situation where many people have no personal contact with people outside their own pillar.\n\nHowever, the recent economic crisis has shaken the established order to its core. Economic hardship has spread socialist ideology beyond its established pillar, with syndicalists and council communists emboldened by the rhetoric emanating from Paris. At the same time, many young and unemployed from the more traditionally rightist pillars are feeling disenfranchised and abandoned by their condition, turning instead to radical nationalist parties such as the Alliance for National Reconstruction, the VNH, to restore stability and prosperity to the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
Dear God, no!
Formation of the Christelijke Nationale Alliantie
For decades, the Dutch parliament has been dominated by the various religious parties. The Calvinist ARP and CHU and Catholic RKSP have held a convincing majority in the government, and have been the source of almost all ministerial appointments.\n\nHowever, they can no longer count on the unconditional and unwavering support of their respective pillars. While still dominant in their own spheres, they are losing ground to the far-left and far-right fringe movements, and even among the moderate audience, the pull of the left-liberals and social-democrats is growing. With each of these parties bleeding votes, and despite their pillars' strict separation in daily life, they are now attempting to cash in on their decades-long cooperation by erasing their party lines.\n\nThe formation of the Christian National Alliance, or CNA, is likely going to cost them more votes in the long run, but the consolidation of parliamentary seats and popular support still makes the CNA a political juggernaut that dwarfs all other parties.\n\nTime will tell whether this will be enough to counteract the increasing erosion of their voter base, or whether the primacy of God in politics is coming to an end...
United in faith.
The Liberal Crisis
Liberalism in the Netherlands is under siege. The largest liberal party, the traditionalist LSP, has been steadily losing ground over recent years. Many members, disillusioned by the perceived failures of the old system, are being drawn to the radical nationalists of the VNH and now also the promise of a large power bloc like the CNA. This has led to the left-leaning VDB becoming the largest liberal party in the country, as they are losing members at a much slower rate.\n\nAlthough there is little likelihood of them winning the elections this year, there is still hope in the LSP that they can portray themselves as a credible moderate alternative to the conservative and increasingly authoritarian CNA.
Troubling times, but the torch of liberalism is not yet extinguished.
Rise of the Radical Left
After SDAP co-founder P.J. Troelstra's abortive attempt at founding a Dutch Republic in 1918, and the non-committal response by the party's moderate wing, the more radical revolutionary elements have abandoned the social democrats in order to pursue their hopes of overthrowing the old system in more like-minded company.\n\nThe SDAP's slight drift rightwards has only emboldened their radical counterparts in the Revolutionair-Socialistische Arbeiderspartij, or RSAP, a relatively small party in parliament that sees itself as Troelstra's successors, working within the system to overthrow it.\n\nEven further to the left, and outside the realm of conventional parliamentary politics, the Nationaal Arbeids-Secretariaat, or NAS, is the primary syndicalist labour organisation in the Netherlands, seeking to replace the old system in its entirety and restructure it according to the French model, with tacit support from Paris. The council communists rally behind the astronomer and Marxist theorist Anton Pannekoek.\n\nThere are even some for whom the syndicalist/council-communist approach is too conservative; the 'Patriotten', authoritarian socialists led by David Wijnkoop and Paul de Groot, see themselves as the guardians of the revolution, claiming to intend to keep it away from its tendency of falling to a new 'elitism'. Many of their ideas are consistent with the ideology the Internationale recently codified as Vanguardism.\n\nWith all these factions vying for the chance to leave their own mark on the history of the Netherlands, the parliamentary democratic system is well and truly under siege from the left.
More radical leftists? Good Lord!
Formation of the Landwacht
In the wake of the Jordaan Riot, the police very rapidly found out that the black-shirted youths who were laying into the crowd of protestors, and who disappeared the moment the soldiers turned up, were more than just random thugs. These figures represent the first public appearance of the Landwacht, a paramilitary organisation set up by the VNH, supposedly led directly by Cornelis van Geelkerken himself.\n\nSince the Jordaan, the Landwacht has popped up all over the country, standing watch at VNH rallies and assemblies, disrupting meetings of left-wing organisations, and occasionally fighting in the streets against their syndicalist counterparts, the Nationale Rode Front, or 'Red Front'. Their disciplined, militaristic marches through the streets of major cities draw large crowds, and drum up more recruits, especially among the youth.\n\nThe Landwacht is rapidly becoming a force to be reckoned with, and their numbers are still expanding - it's unlikely they'll stay silent during the elections...
Mijn hemel!
The Death of Van Gybland Oosterhoff
The leader of the ultra-nationalist VNH, Van Gybland Oosterhoff, died today in his home in Amsterdam.\n\nHis last few years had seen a rapid rise in fortunes of the VNH, brought on by the economic struggles facing many in the country, fear of Syndicalism and disillusionment with democracy. However, the party he leaves behind is highly divided itself between the young, newer members of the party lead by Cornelis van Geelkerken and the older, more established segment possessing ties to the Dutch military and bureaucracy in the hands of H.N.A. Swart.\n\nSwart has been named the new party leader with van Geelkerken his deputy, and the pair look set to challenge the established parties for control of the Hague in the May elections - provided the two wings can keep working together.
We must be careful with them...
Social Unrest in the Netherlands
The past few months have seen the growth of violent confrontations between the paramilitary bands of both the left and the right, with street fights an almost daily occurrence in the larger cities. Strikes are commonplace, with either the police or the Landwacht's 'Blackshirts' breaking the strikers' pickets. The police have failed to keep order, with the army often having to offer support, but this has only served to increase dissent and further civil disobedience. If the situation continues to escalate, the elections in May look set to be the most contentious in living memory.
Bloody thugs!
The Zwolle Massacre
A socialist rally outside Zwolle, organised by local council communists, ended in tragedy, as one of the strikers threw a bomb into the midst of the police, who were trying to disperse the crowds. Four policemen died, and the police immediately returned fire on the crowd, killing two dozen strikers.\n\nAt dawn the next morning, the police, openly backed up by the local chapter of the Landwacht, arrested local socialist leaders en masse, including the nephew of Henk Sneevliet, founder and leader of the RSAP.\n\nThese actions have elicited further protests throughout the country, and even the VDB is calling on Prime Minister Colijn to publicly condemn what they refer to as 'illegal detentions'.
The police did well in rounding up the troublemakers so quickly.
These people are innocent, and must be released at once!
Dutch Elections
With the incidents in Amsterdam and Zwolle still fresh in people's memories, the parliamentary elections are going to be hotly contested this year, and the police are out in force to deter would-be troublemakers.\n\nThe CNA super-bloc currently has the strongest parliamentary position, but with the pillars teetering on the brink of destruction and haemorrhaging voters left and right their superiority at the ballot box is very much in question. However, Lijst Links, the combination of the left-liberals and moderate social democrats, can also count on a broad support base, perhaps even enough to dethrone the CNA. And there's always the spectre of radicalism waiting in the wings...
Lijst Links Dethrones the CNA Juggernaut!
CNA retains its dominance.
VNH becomes the largest party.
Moderate Left Cabinet
The Lijst Links electoral alliance has successfully and soundly defeated the CNA. The increasingly authoritarian stance of the Christian Right has led to a surge in support for the moderate left, and now Colijn and his bloated, oversized party have been sent packing.\n\nHowever, unlike the total monolithic unification of the CNA, Lijst Links was merely an electoral alliance of convenience, and the left-liberals of the VDB and social democrats of the SDAP still retain their separate parties, with their own programmes and ideals. The few half-hearted efforts made towards further unification have been shouted down, and so Lijst Links is no more.\n\nObviously, the SDAP was the larger side in this pact, and thus are in a position to choose who they'll work with. Queen Wilhelmina has informed them that she is only willing to give the post of Formateur to a social liberal, thus it's impossible for Albarda to become minister-president without an impasse in forming a new government.
VDB-SDAP moderate coalition with Oud as PM.
SDAP will work with the RSAP so Albarda becomes PM.
Moderate Right Cabinet
The CNA gamble has paid off! Despite losing many voters, the confessional bloc proved to be large enough to sweep away the opposition. The godless socialists have been thoroughly cowed and appear to be laying low for the time being. Now the time has come to form the next government, the fourth Colijn cabinet.\n\nMany prominent CNA members are confident that this victory means that the CNA still carries the people's mandate, and should thus form a cabinet by itself - albeit one which is only barely in the majority. However, since our majority is only marginal, any dissent within the party itself could destabilise the cabinet that needs to be sturdy in these roaring times.\n\nDue to our reduced majority, the now-decimated LSP have proposed joining our cabinet to assist us in coalition, and some reactionaries are suggesting that this one electoral victory is not enough to deter the radical leftists. Some senior figures are even floating the idea of cooperating with the VNH to use their resources to stamp out the red menace.
We'll work with the liberal LSP.
Multi-party cabinets are by definition unstable!
The VNH will work.
VNH Electoral Victory
In such trying times as these, it's no surprise the people clamour for strong leadership to guide them. The ideals of the VNH have proven to be a strong enough rallying point that we have trounced every one of our adversaries at the ballot box, and now we take upon ourselves the task of stamping out the spectre of international Syndicalism and restoring the Kingdom of the Netherlands to the status it deserves.\n\nThis is not going to be an easy road, however - in addition to the Red menace, the factional party politicians who spend their days chattering away in Parliament will likely be fighting us every step of the way as well for we lack parliamentary majority. We could assuage their concerns and form a proper coalition with the CNA, if only to pacify the public and make the transition easier, or we could let the Landwacht 'convince' parliament to give us emergency powers.
Form a coalition with the CNA.
'Convince' parliament with the Landwacht.
Queen Wilhelmina Abdicates
Disillusioned with the unconventional outcome of the elections, Queen Wilhelmina has announced that she will abdicate.\n\nShortly after this announcement the demissionary Colijn cabinet then asked the new parliament to approve the financing of the crowning ceremony, yet the RSAP and republican wing of the SDAP voted the suggestion away.\n\nAfter the voting procedures Henk Sneevliet came outside to speak to the crowd of people and NRFers and declared that 'the queen has abdicated and the former government is rapidly packing its bags. The Dutch left has won!'\n\nThe day after the Red Front stopped other parliamentarians from entering parliament, and voted a completely rewritten, socialist, constitution in.
Leve de Republiek!
Queen Wilhelmina Abdicates
Queen Wilhelmina was unwilling to give Albarda the post of Formateur, despite the fact that he had won a resounding victory in the elections. As a result, Albarda had announced that he would only take part in a coalition if he would become prime minister, meaning he would need to work with the RSAP.\n\nCritics are now saying Wilhelmina pushed Albarda into radicalism and many are demanding that she resigns, it wouldn't take long.
Leve de Republiek!
Juliana is crowned and makes Albarda Formateur.
General Reijnders Requests Support
We have been watching our small neighbour, the Netherlands, for quite some time. It has become apparent that the Dutch left has won this year's elections and that it may soon join find itself being ruled by syndicalists. This is a worrying development as the Ruhr area is heavily dependent on the Dutch harbour of Rotterdam.\n\nToday the leader of the Dutch armed forces, Izaak Reijnders, came here to ask for support to launch a putsch; this could be the perfect opportunity to ensure the Dutch government remains aligned with our interests. Others however argue that in those days of crisis it should not be Germany's place to mess with other countries, even less so when it would cost money or resources.
Herr Reijnders can count on our support.
Sadly, we cannot support you.
Reijnders Launches a Military Putsch
While the last votes were being counted, General Reijnders suddenly seized control of the nation's primary radio broadcaster and unilaterally declared the country to be in 'state of emergency'.\n\nIn Amsterdam, The Hague, Utrecht, Eindhoven and Groningen, soldiers were deployed to occupy strategic points, such as bridges and public buildings. The demissionary Colijn government was preparing its response when suddenly a putschist detachment of soldiers burst into the building and placed all ministers under house arrest.\n\nIn Groningen, the crisis lasted less than an hour, however, as a loyalist army group joined up with the NRF and several 'volunteer guards', driving the revolting putschists back to the city limits. Following this, more loyalist forces began to rendezvous and launch attacks on the military forces holding the key strong points across the nation.
The loyalist counter-attack is routed.
The putsch is successfully crushed.
Generaal Reijnders Arrested
General Reijnders was apprehended at the border today, carrying documents showing that he was seeking German support to carry out a putsch, something he evidently didn't receive as he was returning by motor carriage rather than the plane he demanded.\n\nBecause of the successful arrest of Reijnders, any risk of a putsch by the military seems to have been averted, though it may be beneficial to assess what measures we can take to improve the loyalty of the army to our constitutionally-appointed government.
See you in court, Reijnders!
Successful Military Putsch
The last loyalist strongholds have been broken and the country is firmly in our hands, now the question remaining is how the country shall be ruled henceforth.\n\nDemocracy is, at least for now, ruled out because the people would just vote in leftists to parliament, which is not what we want. The choice lies between whether we set up a military junta under the lead of Reijnders or whether we let the VNH, who had tacitly supported our putsch, set up a provisional government capable of rooting out the red menace that has nestled itself in our country.\n\nMany are afraid however that the VNH will not be too willing to give up their power once they have it. On top of that they also have an extremist branch that may seek to take advantage of such a situation to seize power for themselves, while this deal is of course based solely on agreement with the moderate military branch of the VNH.
We shall set up a junta.
The VNH shall save our country.
Binnenhof Fire
Marinus van der Lubbe, a syndicalist already notorious for his pyromania, has set fire to the Binnenhof, the seat of the Dutch government.\n\nAlready the VNH has called for a country-wide attack on left-wing elements of any kind and it remains to be seen whether we can avoid such an outcome after this.\n\nThe left meanwhile, has sought to prove that the fire was caused by the VNH in an attempt to frame them, but no one really considers that a realistic scenario, considering Van der Lubbe's history and the fact that he was apprehended at the very scene of the fire.
Keep calm and carry on!
Declare a state of emergency!
Anti-Syndicalist Riots
The rhetoric of the VNH, and especially its deputy leader Cornelis van Geelkerken, seems to have taken grip on the Dutch populace. Moderates who earlier might have dismissed the party as paranoid radicals have now taken up arms en masse to join the VNH's calls for organised action against what they have labelled a systematic attempt to bring revolution to the Netherlands.\n\nThe results of this hostile rhetoric have been riots across the nation targeting known socialists as well as several leftist institutions. There have even been reports of Landwacht-backed attempts to break into the SDAP party headquarters hoping to take control over membership records. Some have suggested this was done to assist nationwide attacks on everything leftwards of the VDB.\n\nWhat should our response be to this upsurge in violence?
Let the riots take place.
Have the police intervene.
Groningen Mutiny
The northern part of the Netherlands has always been an unashamedly red bastion, a view that has unfortunately been reinforced today as a mutiny on a small military vessel near the island of Schiermonnikoog resulted in disaster.\n\nThe left-wing mutineers sailed to Groningen, where they rallied elements of the local populace and took over a military armoury. Within hours more forces stationed in the area had joined the revolt. Soon after this David Wijnkoop appeared on the radio through a hijacked radio station declaring that hatred towards the left 'is institutionalised' and that the Binnenhof Fire was a signal for a new revolution.\n\nWhen the national government tried to direct the military to put down the revolt it appeared a good part of the armed forces, even in the rest of the country, mutinied in favour of the reds. A syndicalist takeover now seems inevitable!
Lang leve de revolutie!
Seizure of the Dutch colonies in the West?!
After the socialist tide reached the Netherlands, concerns have risen about the allegiance of Dutch Guyana and the Caribbean islands still under the Dutch flag. While it is possible that a Dutch government in exile will rise to claim them, perhaps it would be best for us to move in as soon as possible, lest a hostile power move in and use it as a base of operations in the western hemisphere.
It is in their best interests too.
We are stretched thin as it is!
West Indies Federation Requests West-Indian Mandate
The West Indies Federation has proposed that they protect our colonial possessions in the western hemisphere until we recover the Dutch mainland, arguing that they are currently vulnerable to both hostile conquest from syndicalists as well as opportunistic South American nations.
Fair reasoning.
We can defend our possessions ourselves.
Dutch Accept the Offer
The Dutch government-in-exile has accepted our offer to protect their American possessions from outside threats, and has handed over the colonies of Aruba, Curaçao, Sint Maarten, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba, as well as Suriname.
Excellent news.
Dutch Refuse our Offer
The Dutch government-in-exile has refused our offer to protect their American possessions from outside threats.
It was worth a shot.
Landwacht Recruitment
Following our crackdown on riots and marches targeting left-wing targets, the Landwacht has not only taken over much of the rioting in a much more organised way, but they are also recruiting new members at local police stations among those arrested.\n\nIf we allow this practice to continue we risk having to deal with a very large number of Landwacht in the future, radicalised by their time in the cells, street combat with leftists and a sense of political persecution.
Let them recruit.
Change our policies now!
Landwacht and Red Front Gather in Friesland
Now that the Landwacht has attracted a large number of new members, it seems that a number of local branches are coming together at the border of Friesland. At the same time, we have been observing Red Front stragglers digging in inside the city of Leeuwarden.\n\nTheir huge numerical superiority makes it apparent that the Landwacht will crush the Red Front for years to come if we let them fight each other but letting them do so will not only put us at a risk of having to deal with a virtually unopposed paramilitary organisation, but it will probably also result in a massacre!
Let the extremists kill each other.
Have the military contain both parties.
Leftists in Exile
Following the decimation of the remnants of the Red Front at the so-called 'Battle of Leeuwarden', many left-wing elements across the country have seemingly decided that the Netherlands is no longer safe and as a result a stream of refugees has been leaving for Communard France in recent weeks. This will surely have a negative impact on left-wing electoral results in the future as well as on their dreams of revolution.
Good riddance!
Finsterwolde Conspiracy
Deputy leader Cornelis van Geelkerken of the VNH called a nationwide party assembly in Maastricht. During the assembly, he gave a speech denouncing our government as secretly being ruled by syndicalists. The press had previously mockingly dubbed this conspiracy theory the 'Finsterwolde conspiracy' after the sole municipality in the Netherlands that has the RSAP as the majority in its municipal council.\n\nConspiracy theory or not, an open revolt was declared against our government, with members of the VNH proclaiming that the rebels sought to end enduring syndicalist influence over the Dutch state for good. This message appears to have been effective at resonating with the population, or at least with VNH supporters, many of whom appeared to be more than happy to join the revolt.\n\nWhile initially sympathetic to the government, which had sought to block the revolt by using a broadcast by the Queen, the VNH's more moderate leadership decided to switch sides in favour of the rebellion, and a populist takeover seems almost inevitable.
The cryptosyndicalists flee the country!
Police Join Anti-Syndicalist Riots
Following our lack of action against anti-syndicalist riots, there have not only been reports of the riots growing in size, but it appears that in multiple cities, local law enforcement have in fact joined the raving mobs in attacking socialists. In some cases, the socialists are the ones arrested, in others, local law enforcement have used their weapons against them, instead of to defend them. Socialist elements, especially the more moderate ones, are crying out for the government to do something to alleviate the suffering they have been going through ever since the Binnenhof was burned to the ground.
The police ought to be neutral!
They have no one to blame but themselves.
Formation of the Dorpswacht
Following our orders to the national police to abstain from attacking left-wing civilians and institutions without proper reason, the VNH has announced the formation of the Dorpswacht. Unlike the Landwacht it is not a nationwide institution, but more of a weaponised neighbourhood watch, taking up extrajudicial policing duties as well as organising raids on the properties of alleged syndicalists and marching along the most important streets.\n\nMore Dorpswacht organisations are springing up across the country, and it appears that many moderate rightists view the Dorpswacht as a more acceptable alternative to the Landwacht, who are frequently seen as overly aggressive.
Shut every single one of them down.
Allow them to operate.
Dorpswachters Flock to Landwacht
People who once considered the Landwacht little more than paranoid radicals are, as a result of our crackdown on the local Dorpswacht, flocking towards the regular Landwacht. This is because these radicalised former moderates feel that the government is failing to protect them from radical leftists intending to kill them.
This might be a problem.
Sabotage Landwacht recruitment processes.
Landwacht Camp Scandal
With Dorpswachten springing up all across the country, it soon became clear that the people seized by these organisations were not being handed over to the legally recognised police. This has prompted the 'Centrale Inlichtingendienst', the Dutch central intelligence service, to start an investigation on where these people actually vanished to.\n\nInvestigators have discovered that leftists apprehended by the Dorpswachten across the Netherlands are typically handed over to provincial camps run by the Landwacht, where they being held under tight control. Unsurprisingly, this is legally considered kidnapping.
This is fine.
Shut these damn camps down!
March on the Hague
A number of people have increasingly viewed our government as too soft on the forces of extremism tearing the Netherlands apart. On the other hand, the VNH and its use of extrajudicial measures against the syndicalists have gained it great support amongst the population.\n\nNow the Landwacht, which has gained a great deal of influence in past months, has come together in Amsterdam to march to the Hague on foot.\n\nThe Queen, seeing that the Landwacht has now grown so strong and so influential within the military, has recognised that resisting what clearly represents a coup would be futile. Therefore, Wilhelmina has dismissed our government in favour of a new VNH cabinet led by Swart that plans on ruling the country like a dictatorship.
Perhaps we were too soft.
Rising Crime Levels
As the recession continues, more and more unemployed Dutchmen are turning to crime as a last resort to support themselves and their family.\n\nThe result is that the paramilitary Landwacht and Red Front are getting a policing role in those areas where they reign supreme and the police is unable to keep this trend in check. This is in turn leading to growing sympathy amongst the population towards the political movements behind these organisations.\n\nIf we are to avoid membership of more extreme political ideologies growing, then we must stop this, though that will probably not be a popular measure.
Prohibit paramilitaries from policing.
Let them do their thing.
The Scourge of Alcoholism
As general living standard continues to decline, there is a disturbing trend of people resorting to the bottle in order to forget their problems.\n\nThe economy will recover at some point, with or without government intervention, but if alcoholism becomes too serious an issue it might affect our productivity even after the crisis. As a result, many are advocating the prohibition of sales of alcoholic beverages. Still others, say this goes against the freedom of the individual.
Cheers to the prohibition.
Making my dear whiskey illegal? No way.
Alcohol Crime Cartels
Not so long ago, the only parties that kept our streets unsafe were political in nature, but since we have started to prohibit the sale of alcoholic drinks, several criminal cartels involved in smuggling or producing liquor have sprung up. What is worse, they are fighting each other for the sole right to sell liquor in certain areas. The police are far from capable of keeping this in check and as a result the Red Front and Landwacht have started to supplant them in keeping the streets safe. Either we rescind the prohibition and give in to criminals, or we keep things as they are, probably resulting in the extreme left and right taking credit for containing the cartels.
Abandon the prohibition.
Keep the prohibition.
'Labourers Don't Drink Beer!'
'Arbeiders drinken geen bier' is the name of the syndicalist campaign to fight alcoholism in the working class, seeing it as method by which the reactionaries and capitalists keep the proletariat crushed underfoot. As alcoholism became a growing problem in the Netherlands, and with the governments unwillingness to act on it, independent conservative movements pursuing the same goal started to work together with the syndicalists, resulting in growing sympathy for both ideologies and increasing political polarisation.
Encourage private actions against alcoholism...
... but not when syndicalism is involved!
Populist Welfare
Since the beginning of the crisis many sections of our welfare system have deteriorated, and the country is filled with unemployed people who can hardly obtain the food required to support their families. As a result, the VNH has started a nationwide campaign distributing food to these areas and opening food banks and soup kitchens. These actions have created a lot of goodwill towards them and makes it look like, even though they are currently not in power, they are the ones who care for the people.\n\nWe could shut their project down, but risk inciting a great deal of anger amongst the working classes.
It's good for the people.
Shut it down.
NAS Overtakes NVV
The NVV, the most important social democratic union within the Netherlands for years, has, according to the latest CBS report, been overtaken by the syndicalist NAS in terms of membership.\n\nThis is a bad sign for the SDAP, as it sends a loud signal that their power base is quickly leaking away to the more radical side of Dutch politics. It also provides evidence that their pillar, so far untouched by the ongoing process of depillarisation, is now undergoing the same crumbling that the other pillars have felt. The NAS becoming the most important trade union in the country has the potential to be very dangerous, therefore some voices in our government have called for an official announcement that we will not countenance any negotiations with the NAS, hopefully limiting its appeal.
We do not negotiate with syndicalists.
We accept the new status quo.
Malieveld Protests
A huge rally of radical socialists, syndicalists and other left-wing fringe movements has started on the Malieveld in The Hague.\n\nThey are protesting against what they call the rule of the capitalists and some even openly call for a revolution. The local police is wondering what they should be doing - should they crack down on the demonstration or let it run its course?
Let the rally proceed.
Shut that red scum gathering down.
February Strike
This morning, the trams stood still in Amsterdam. At the same time, RSAP and NAS followers were spreading the manifesto 'Staakt, staakt, staakt!' - Strike, strike, strike! among Amsterdam companies. By noon, it had become a general strike and by the evening it has spread to all nearby cities, including Haarlem, Hilversum and Utrecht. This syndicalist-organised strike is quickly becoming the largest strike the Netherlands has ever seen.\n\nAn emergency meeting is taking place in The Hague and three options are being considered: accept the demands, which is the preferred approach of the left, wait the strike out, regardless of the potential harm to the economy, or break the strike up, the preferred option of the right.
Give the Syndies their win.
They will give up in time.
Drive them back to where they belong!
February Strike Continues
Our waiting strategy does not seem to be working so far, it has only emboldened the strikers, who have now been holding out for a whopping three months. Meanwhile, our economy remains largely still, and many who were earlier in favour of waiting the strike out are now advocating giving in to their demands. Unfortunately, the respect the syndicalists have gained during these days will only grow if we are to back down now.
Raise the white flag.
Time is on our side.
Break it up, it's been long enough!
Strikers Return to Work
After five months of continuous striking, it appears that finally the strikers are giving up. More and more workers have been returning to their workplaces in recent weeks, where they should be, and today the NAS has called off the strike without having gained any concessions.\n\nThis is a serious political blow to the radical left, who have been humiliated and no longer seen as being able to press their will. On top of that their monetary resources expended to maintain the strikers has depleted massively. Still, we ought to be careful, because we've won a battle, not the war.
Take that, red scum.
Radio Rood
Founded by a group of Dutch syndicalist exiles, Radio Rood is a London-based radio station slandering 'the Dutch capitalist dictatorship' and calling for acts of resistance 'against the bourgeois pigs occupying our country'.\n\nThey are spreading lies about certain events happening here as well as making up events of their own and claiming that the legitimate media is ignoring these fact to keep the proletariat dumb. The problem is that there is a significant portion of our population who actually believes this rubbish, and we have little to no way to shut down a radio station based in a country our relations are hostile with, to say the least.
Confiscate every civilian radio!
They don't harm anyone.
French Arms Smugglers Captured
We have captured a group of French nationals carrying explosives across the Flemish-Walloon-Dutch border.\n\nThey won't explain their presence, nor the source of their explosives, and after a search the name of a prominent local syndicalist and a location was discovered in one of the men's pockets. Police arriving at the designated location did not find anyone present despite a prolonged search. According to the law, the smugglers will be designated 'unwanted foreigners' and evicted, but the Central Intelligence Service wants to interrogate the men; they might be affiliated with the Communard government which would make this an act of espionage.
Let the GS III interrogate the foreigners.
Just evict them!
French Nationals Confess
The French nationals we apprehended at the border a few days ago came clean with their plans to the GS III after the interrogation: apparently they sought to supply explosives to a local Sorelian-affiliated group in order to blow up the Amsterdam Centraal Station, the heart of our nation's train infrastructure, in an operation that is at least not directly attributable to the Communard government.\n\nThey have given up their contacts within our country and the police are ready to shut down every foreign Vanguardist terrorist cell residing within our country.
Roll them up and evict the French.
French Nationals Stay Silent
Despite a prolonged interrogation, the GS III has been unable to extract any meaningful information from the French nationals we captured at the border. They are now asking for explicit government sanction to use physical... arguments to convince them to speak. This would, strictly speaking, be unconstitutional, but they are syndicalist foreigners after all.
Permission granted.
No, just throw them out.
French Nationals Remain Silent
Despite the extra rights granted to the GS III in this case, the mysterious French nationals still do not seem willing to talk. Continuing the torture might now result in their death however, so the GS III once again has sought orders from the government as to what they are supposed to do...
We'll keep going until they speak or die!
It's not worth the effort.
French Nationals Die
After a prolonged interrogation, that became very emotional for a while, one by one the French nationals somehow ended up dead. Obviously, it was purely accidental and of course we had nothing to do with it as we would never violate the constitution by torturing these people. Still, the fact remains that we still do not know what they were planning with those explosives, but at least the world is better off with seven syndicalists removed from it.
Put the designer of the interrogation room on trial for manslaughter!
Centraal Station Bombing
The Amsterdam Central Station, the heart of rail infrastructure in our country, has today been blown up resulting in 127 deaths. Responsibility was claimed by a small syndicalist group affiliated with the Communard Sorelian faction in France.\n\nAfter investigation of the debris, it appears that the explosives used are the same as those confiscated from a group of French nationals that were smuggling them. It appears that this was a tragedy that could have been avoided.
Verdomde Syndies!
Torture Story Leaks!
How it has ended up the hands of the press no-one knows, but the fact is that they somehow acquired a copy of the document sanctioning the GS III to torture the French nationals we arrested at the border not so long ago.\n\nThis will only strengthen the syndicalists in their rhetoric that the Dutch government is in fact a banana republic that is violating its own constitution. They will inevitably state that we are not even close to the democracy we portray ourselves as and that the Dutch regime will need to be replaced with a syndicalist model.
Aargh.
Revolutionary Statue Vandalised!
A statue in Rotterdam erected in honour of the revolution has been besmirched in orange, white and blue by a filthy reactionary. Sadly, the response is that more and more young people, who admire the courage of the deed, have been inspired to follow the anti-revolutionary underground VNH, who are plotting to take down the fragile nation we have just established. If we are to prevent a growth of this form of underground resistance, we must crack down hard on this!
Crack down on all anti-revolutionaries in Rotterdam!
Just wash it off!
Assassination in Utrecht
Johan Albarda drove through Utrecht today on his way for a public event. He was accompanied by the minister of interior, Wilem Drees as he went.\n\nA lone gunman, a member of the VNH, decided to take aim for Albarda. Sadly for him though, Drees and Albarda wear similar suits, and from his location the gunman is unable to recognise who is who his target is; he must take a guess. Which man should he shoot?
The man on the left.
Assassin Arrested
The police are reported to have arrested the lone gunman responsible for the assassination. He goes by the name of Peter Ton and appears to be an active member of the VNH, as well as fiercely opposed to everything affiliated with socialism. For now, he's being held at the prison in Vught.
Good!
Vught Prison Siege
A huge crowd gathered today in Vught, demanding the prison hand over Peter Ton to them. It didn't take long for the pressure to build leading to the prison kommandant giving Ton up, resulting in him being lynched on the spot by the furious crowd. In the throes of victory, the mob have started to demand that the prison releases syndicalists imprisoned there and deliver other right-wingers to them, presumably to do the same to them!
Intervene fast!
They asked for it!
Anti-Rightist Riots Cease
Following public speeches by several social democratic politicians, the mobs targeting right-wing figures and groups around the country, undoubtedly stirred up by the syndicalists, have started to disperse.
We survived one more crisis.
Amerikagangers
Amerikagangers or 'America-goers' are Dutch syndicalists that have assembled in large groups to prepare to fight as volunteers with [WCA.GetNameDef] in their civil war. Their preparations are almost complete which poses a problem for our government as to how to approach them. If we let them leave it could jeopardise potential future relations with whichever non-syndicalist power is victorious in America.\n\nWithin the government, most people are advocating forfeiture of citizenship if they join the syndicalist army, as per the law; some say the Dutch expression 'prevention is better than to cure' applies here, and then there are some who think we should just let them spend their holiday in America.
Confiscate their passports.
Warn them they will lose their citizenship.
Just let them go.
Dutch Volunteers Arrive
Dutch volunteers have arrived to help the syndicalist cause; they are not very well trained however and their division is rather small, so we may need to invest in them in order to make them a significant fighting force or just throw them at the enemy, which will probably result in high casualties.
We need all help we can get!
Annual VNH Landdag
The annual VNH landdag will start in a week in Utrecht, the first one since the 1937 elections. The GS III, the Dutch secret service, has found out that they will be announcing a major policy change for coming year and they themselves seem rather certain that this will result in a boost of support for their movement, reinforced by the fact that the VNH is encouraging non-members to come as well. The GS III has sadly not been able to retrieve information about the said policy change.\n\nSome are saying that the ideology of the VNH is dangerous and that it would be best if we stop the landdag from occurring at all, possibly through revoking their permit to hold a rally; others say this gathering is protected by freedom of speech and should just go ahead.
The landdag may go ahead.
Revoke their permit.
VNH National Landdag 1937
As expected the VNH national landdag in the Utrechtse Jaarbeurs went ahead today. First VNH leader Swart held a little inspiring cliché-speech about how much the movement had grown since he joined, but the truly interesting part came after that. Deputy leader Van Geelkerken announced a radical policy change following the failure to gain power in the election this year: it was a wide range of conservative-appeasing policies, ranging from proclaiming the VNH's support for the monarchy, to more support of free enterprise and declaring Protestantism the state religion while also curbing Catholic rights. It is almost certain that this will result in a significant loss of support of the CNA in favour of the VNH.
I'm glad it's over.
VNH Landdag in Nijmegen?
After their permit for a rally in Utrecht was revoked, the VNH leadership has now asked the municipality of Nijmegen to allow a rally in the open air. Nijmegen is much more remote than Utrecht, and so it will probably attract far fewer visitors.
Alright then!
No, thank you.
VNH National Landdag 1937
Though expected to take place in Utrecht, the VNH national landdag went ahead in Nijmegen today. First VNH leader Swart held a little convincing speech condemning the municipal authorities in Utrecht for revoking the permit to rally in the jaarbeurs there. After that, the interesting part came, when deputy leader Van Geelkerken announced a radical policy change following the failure to gain power in the election this year: it was a wide range of conservative-appeasing policies, ranging from proclaiming VNH's support for the monarchy, to more support of free enterprise and declaring Protestantism the state religion while curbing Catholic rights. It is almost certain that this will result in a significant loss of support of the CNA in favour of the VNH, although the new location of the landdag is probably less ideal for attracting new members.
I'm glad it's over.
VNH Landdag in Antwerpen?
The Dutch far-right party VNH is requesting the right to hold a rally in Antwerpen. Apparently their permit to hold a rally was revoked in the Netherlands itself and attempts to choose a different location or time also failed, with the help of their hostile government. Now they are asking us if they may hold the landdag in Antwerpen, outside the authority of the Dutch government, so that they can in fact hold their landdag.
Flanders-Wallonia welcomes you!
Surely their permit was revoked for a reason!
VNH National Landdag 1937
Though expected to take place in Utrecht, the VNH national landdag went ahead in Antwerpen today. First VNH leader Swart held a little convincing speech condemning us for trying to stop their landdag. After that, the interesting part came, when deputy leader Van Geelkerken announced a radical policy change following the failure to gain power in the election this year: it was a wide range of conservative-appeasing policies, ranging from proclaiming VNH's support for the monarchy, to more support of free enterprise and declaring Protestantism the state religion while curbing Catholic rights. It is almost certain that this will result in a significant loss of support of the CNA in favour of the VNH, although most would-be new members probably won't like having to go to Flanders-Wallonia to attend the rally.
I'm glad it's over.
VNH National Landdag Cancelled
Following the failure to find a location to hold the landdag, the VNH leadership has declared the cancellation of the annual landdag of 1937 and condemned us for being the primary cause for it. They also said that they won't let themselves be muzzled and that the landdag of 1938 will be held properly prepared to deal with another so-called cowardly attempt by the government to stop them.
Take that, populists!
VNH Demonstration during Prinsjesdag
Prinsjesdag is the day the Dutch government publicises its plans for spending for the next year: the Queen will read out the annual plans of the government and it is usually a festive affair, however this year the VNH has started a demonstration along the road where the Queen will pass, flying their black flags, beating up alleged syndicalists and using their party greeting 'houzee' towards Cornelis van Geelkerken, deputy leader of the VNH, who is present. The mayor of The Hague wants to let the police break up the demonstration as he fears it would pose a threat to public order and the safety of the royal family. On the other hand, the VNH-opposition in the municipal council of The Hague says this is an essential part of freedom of speech and asserts that the VNH will not attack the Royal family.
Remove them.
Let them hold their silly little protest.
Nationaal Herstel Expands
The far-right newspaper 'Nationaal Herstel', closely affiliated with the VNH, has recruited two high-profile reporters today. Some consider this a threat as it will likely broaden the appeal of the newspaper that spreads unconventional ideas and is in fact a propaganda tool for the VNH and the far right in general. Purely legally speaking however, there is no real basis to ban the paper, as it would be both contrary to freedom of the press and freedom of speech, two values that normally are respected within our country.
Just ban it already.
Leave them alone.
Landwacht Breaks Strike
The Landwacht has broken a local strike today, resulting in an excellent photo-opportunity with the company's employers stemming from the Landwacht's, and by extension the VNH's, willingness to act where the government didn't want to do so. Some are calling for a response against this action saying that the strike was justified, that the government didn't put it down for a reason and that the Landwacht had no right to do it in the government's place.
Sanctions will be in order.
It's only good when strikes are broken.
Landwacht and Red Front clash
The Landwacht and the National Red Front are clashing today in Haarlem, resulting in a large riot, many casualties as well as large damage to public and private property. The police are ready to intervene, but in governmental circles there is uncertainty as to who should be targeted. Some say that the Red Front counterdemonstration was a direct attack on the pro-VNH demonstrators, so only Red Front members should be arrested. Others however say that the VNHers should not have immediately picked a fight with their long sticks when they spotted the Red Front counter-movement.
Only arrest syndicalists.
Objectively arrest everyone who caused trouble.
Only arrest populists.
Nationale Jeugdstorm
The VNH has today announced the founding of the nationale jeugdstorm. It is in effect a scouting organisation, but it appears to be seen by VNH leadership as a way to expand on the growing appeal the VNH has on the younger generation and to set up an ideological base among those that are at this point in time too young to vote but who will attain that age within the coming years.
Dangerous, ban the institution!
An initiative that only should be applauded!
Military voices support for the VNH
Several high ranking officers have today publicly voiced their support for the VNH, in particular the more moderate part represented by Henri Swart. They released a manifesto detailing their reasoning behind this move that details how they feel misrepresented by the democratic government and how the government is unwilling to truly serve Dutch interests. This is a sign that VNH support may be greater than previously expected. While these are only officers it is probable that this sentiment is present amongst the common soldiery as well, and so some officials have proposed measures to limit VNH presence in the military.
Institute those measures.
The military has always been a nationalist institution.
CNA Schism
What many had already foreseen became reality today as a group of Catholic MPs announced that they would henceforth form the New NRKSP, or New Roman Catholic State Party, faction - the CNA quickly fell apart.\n\nBefore the confessional parties united the Catholics had always had the most loyal base, and therefore the most seats - yet in the CNA the Protestants, the smaller party in the union, were somewhat controversially calling all the shots, as per the statement.\n\nWhile a number of Protestant denominations and several important loyalist Catholics have announced that they will continue the CNA project, it is clear that the CNA has lost her already marginal absolute majority, and without it we will need to compromise with opposition parties per-issue.
Maybe it was too good to be true from the start.
Elections of 1938
As a result, of the schism in the CNA, elections are being held barely a year after the last elections. A harsh three months of campaigning are now behind us and it is time to count the votes; this will clearly be a referendum on CNA leadership; on whether Catholics will abandon them in favour of the NRKSP, and whether the CNA base will still hold this time.
The RSAP sweeps the elections.
The SDAP becomes the largest party.
The CNA loses but remains the largest party.
The CNA base defects to the VNH.
SDAP Forms New Government
The SDAP has become the largest party in the elections. After days of celebration, it will soon be time to form a new government. We do not have an absolute majority like the CNA had last year, so we will have to form our cabinet with other parties and act as part of a coalition. Time is short however, as the humbled CNA is seeking to negotiate with a wide range of figures to create a reactionary front against us.
A purple cabinet with the LSP and VDB.
A Roman-Red cabinet with the NRKSP.
A centre-left cabinet with the RSAP and VDB.
The CNA assembles a rainbow cabinet to oppose us.
Wilhelmina's Demands
Queen Wilhelmina is only willing to allow this coalition to form if the more moderate VDB get the prime minister post. This would reduce us to a junior partner despite us being the largest party in the coalition.
Accept the demands.
She'll just have to deal with our success.
Wilhelmina Abdicates
Following our unwillingness to cave in to her demands, the Queen has decided that she will not be Queen in an SDAP-ruled country, and as such she has decided to abdicate. We can allow Princess Juliana to be crowned, but the RSAP and the more radical side of the SDAP are clamouring to exploit this opportunity to institute a republic while we still have momentum on our side. The moderates in the SDAP and the VDB favour Juliana however.
Long live the Republic!
Long live Queen Juliana!
CNA Forms New Government
Despite the treachery of the Catholics, we once again became the largest party in parliament. Contrary to last year however, we do not have an absolute majority meaning that we will need to compromise with some people to form a new government.
Staphorster variant: With the LSP, NRKSP and SGP parliamentary support.
A right-wing government with the VNH.
A centre-right government with the LSP, NRKSP and VDB.
CNA Schism
What many had already foreseen became reality today as a group of Catholic MPs announced that they would henceforth form the New NRKSP, or New Roman Catholic State Party, faction - the CNA quickly fell apart.\n\nBefore the confessional parties united the Catholics had always had the most loyal base, and therefore the most seats - yet in the CNA the Protestants, the smaller party in the union, were somewhat controversially calling all the shots, as per the statement.\n\nLuckily, many Protestants of multiple denominations as well as several high ranking Catholics have expressed their support for continuing the CNA, meaning that the cabinet can, thanks to our coalition with others, continue to rule.
It could have been worse.
CNA Collapses
The CNA electoral pact was originally created to win victory in the 1937 elections, and once it failed in that goal its continued survival became increasingly precarious. Today matters came to a head as the Catholics announced their withdrawal from the pact and determination to refound their RKSP party. Shortly thereafter, former CHU members announced that they too would leave the unstable union and thus, with no alliance anymore, the ARP has returned as well. So much for united confessional politics.
Conservative politics is splintered again.
Formation of the Labour Party
After the 1937 victory through their 'Lijst Links', the SDAP and VDB started flirting with the idea of permanently uniting the parties into one 'Party of Labour' or 'Partij van de Arbeid' in Dutch.\n\nBy late 1941, after almost completing a successful term of coalition rule in governing the country, both the annual landdag of the SDAP and that of the VDB elected to dissolve partisan differences and found this party, with the former doing it very quietly to avoid angering more leftist members. This has resulted in the creation of a progressive juggernaut that could be a dominant force in Dutch politics for the rest of the century.
We're the PvdA now!
Committee Oud
While for the SDAP the merger was far less painless, there was certainly a lot more friction caused within the VDB. At first the right-wing of the VDB saw it out, but now after two months the current prime minister Oud has formed 'Committee Oud' with other former VDB members who feel that the PvdA has been kowtowing far too much towards social democratic views. Committee Oud has successfully negotiated a merger with the market liberal LSP, to form a more conservative liberal party that could also be a force to be reckoned with in post-Weltkrieg Dutch politics. All that is left is how the party should be named.
Partij van de Vrijheid, or 'Freedom Party'.
... sounds too much like a futuristic populist party.
Elections of 1941
After four years of left-wing rule, it is once again time to go to the ballot box. Contention is high, as each party seeks to take the plurality in hopes of gaining the key role in the formation: the question shall be whether the populace thinks things have improved since 1937 and who is responsible for that fact.
The [hol_socdems_variable_party_name] takes an absolute majority.
The [hol_socdems_variable_party_name] is the largest party but lacks a majority.
The PvdV is the largest party but lacks a majority.
The VVD is the largest party but lacks a majority.
The ARP, RKSP and CHU seize a key role.
The VNH becomes the largest but lacks a majority.
PvdA Forms 1941 Government
The people apparently were very happy with our progress, and having received a comfortable majority in parliament we do not even need to consider forming a coalition with other parties.\n\nOf course we cannot help but laugh a bit at Pieter Oud and his committee who would've probably led his second cabinet had he not abandoned us; now he and his liberals are banished to the opposition, like all other non-PvdA parties.
What does he have now? Nine seats?
PvdA Forms 1941 Government
We have won the elections, and while it is clearly not enough to attain an absolute majority and to rule by ourselves, it is still more than enough for us to get the initiative in the formation. Several options are available, and it is up to us to decide who we'd prefer as our new partner
Purple with the PvdV.
Purple with the VV.D.
Roman-Red with the RKSP.
Bright Red with the RSAP.
PvdV Forms 1941 Government
VVD Forms 1941 Government
Prime minister Oud managed to make excellent use of the premiersbonus, and coupled with a series of fresh liberal policies, we have managed to attract the most votes compared to all other parties in the Netherlands in our first general election. While obviously not enough seats were won to rule the country by ourselves, we have won the initiative in the formation negotiations, and so we may see who we'd like best as our partner.
Purple with the PvdA.
Conservative Liberalism with the CHU and Catholics.
Stikkercoalitie: ARP with VNH outside support.
Conservatives Form 1941 Government
Even though the CNA project failed, we still managed to attract the most votes when combined. This means that we are in a good position to influence the formation, probably with the ability to have at least one of our parties deliver the prime minister. We'll just need to wait out the proposals of the other parties.
CHU rules with Oud's liberals, the RKSP and ARP.
ARP rules with Oud's liberals and Drees' Social Democrats.
CHU rules with the PvdA, RKSP and ARP.
ARP rules with the VNH, CHU and RKSP.
Progressives Flock to the LSP
Following the government-induced red scare, every left-wing organisation politically left of the LSP has been discredited and has since either disbanded or been banned. As a result, progressives instead flocked towards the conservative-liberal LSP, which was seen as 'the least bad' resulting in both a subtle yet decisive shift to the left yet also and a breath of life into a party that had been in an impasse since the first Weltkrieg.
Fascinating.
Elections of 1941
Colijn has done it again: completing yet another term with the cabinet he formed in 1937. Now it is once again election time, and the question on everyone's mind in The Hague right now is whether the people feel he has used his time well or whether a different approach is in order.
Colijn takes once again an absolute majority.
CNA becomes the largest but without a majority.
LSP becomes the largest but without a majority.
SDAP becomes the largest but without a majority.
VNH becomes the largest but without a majority.
RSAP becomes the largest but without a majority.
CNA Forms 1941 Government with Increased Majority
Beyond all of our greatest hopes, our party managed to seize more than fifty seats in parliament. Colijn has announced that he will retire, and Louis Beel will form the next government and he has a comfortable majority at hand in parliament to push through his policies.
Continue working with the liberals.
So we rule one!
CNA Forms 1941 Government with Reduced Majority
While we have been unable to secure the absolute majority like in 1937, we're still the largest party in parliament by a noticeable margin. As such, we get the initiative in the formation of a new government, which will be the first task of Louis Beel as the new leader of the CNA after Colijn's retirement.
The LSP represents a reliable partner.
The SDAP is less radical and therefore viable now.
The VNH agrees with us on key points.
LSP Forms 1941 Government
After the red scare, it was obvious that we were on the receiving end of a lot of former left-wingers - as could be seen during this year's annual party congress, where a lot of left-wing policies were chosen by a group of new members. It apparently did boost our party, however. With the progressive Dutch population pulling their electoral weight with us we went, within a single term, from a party close to falling below the minimum voting threshold to the largest party in parliament.
Now we shall govern with the CNA.
Now we shall govern with the VNH.
SDAP Forms 1941 Government
After posing as more moderate electoral force, and perhaps thanks to the fresh campaign by our new leader Willem Drees, the SDAP has managed to account the most votes and has therefore got the initiative in the formation of the new government. Rumour has it that former leader Albarda will be appointed 'informateur' on the request of the SDAP leadership.
Purple with the LSP and VDB.
Roman-Red with the RKSP.
Deep-Red with the RSAP.
Elections in 1941?
The mandate of our coalition government is about to expire and technically we should hold elections in a few months. Many within the VNH are arguing over whether we should do this: within the VNH, the stability argument is consistently raised, and many believe that elections should therefore be suspended. On the other hand, holding the elections could also strengthen the VNH's grasp on power. In the CNA, holding elections is seen as something that should be nurtured, if guided. If the elections are not suspended, the chance that they will move through fairly is still highly unlikely.
Suspend the elections.
Just hold the elections.
Elections of 1941
After four years of Henri Swart as prime minister elections are due to be held once again, even if cynics are pointing out obviously imaginary flaws in the democratic process - some dissidents are even suggesting that the VNH has been using election fraud as a tool.
The VNH takes an absolute majority.
The VNH becomes the largest.
VNH Forms 1941 Government
Though the process may have been guided to prevent the populace from making the wrong choice, we have soundly won the elections and will take over half of the seats of the house of representatives. None in the VNH is even considering taking aboard a coalition partner.
The VNH rules alone, forever...
VNH Forms 1941 Government
The same results as last time have come in - interestingly popular opinion has hardly shifted in four long years. Either way, the same choice stands as last time - we can intimidate the house of representatives for the votes needed to give us emergency powers, or we could just continue cabinet Swart I with the CNA.
Work with the CNA.
Have the Landwacht visit the house of reps.
[GetYear] Pensionary Elections
Election time has come, and every Dutchman may vote today who their council pensionary shall be. The SDAP is the only party to nominate a pensionary candidate on their own: meanwhile the liberals have nominated a candidate together and the ARP and CHU do not contend, instead urging voters to vote in the RKSP candidate instead as they know they do not stand a chance alone either way and would prefer a conservative pensionary over a progressive one.
SDAP's Adriaan Gerhard.
VDB's Roelof Kranenburg.
LSP's Cornelis Lodewijk van der Bilt.
RKSP's Carel Goseling.
Nacht van de Dooie Rooie Ratten
The red filth hit us hard in the heart of our power, by burning down the Binnenhof. And they know what will come next: unless we act fast, they will band together in the north to start a revolt in the hope of wearing down our regime. Hoping to avoid such an occasion, Van Geelkerken has ordered the Landwacht to get as many reds in custody as possible before they seize an opportunity to arm themselves, leading to resistance necessitating major violence. This night will go down in Dutch history as the 'night of dead red rats' as Van Geelkerken has aptly named it.
If you can't find someone, bring in their entire family!
Surely this is unnecessary...
Daniel Goulooze Arrested
Our massive round-ups have resulted, aside from the capturing of less important leftists, in the high-profile arrest of Daniel Goulooze, a senior member of the syndicalist 'National Labour Secretariat'. The Landwacht brought him to a makeshift prison camp in the politically charged ruins of the Binnenhof, the question is what we shall do with him.
Move him to the actual prison in Vught.
Interrogate him here!
Goulooze's Prison Convoy Was Ambushed
Syndicalist partisans have ambushed the prison convoy carrying the high-profile prisoner Goulooze. Now we may be certain that the syndicalists will revolt as they have now publicly committed a major crime which will force them to openly rebel.
We should have kept him in The Hague.
Harm Kolthek Located
Despite his initial resistance to the idea, some special tools convinced Goulooze to share the location of his boss, NAS-leader Harm Kolthek, with us. Apparently, he hides in a diplomatic neighbourhood in The Hague. Deputy-leader Cornelis van Geelkerken is personally accompanying the Landwachters sent to bring him in.
Praise Kees for his bravery!
Dutch Syndicalist Seeks Refuge
The legislative building in the Netherlands was attacked a few days ago by a terrorist. Blaming the syndicalists for the endeavour, the Dutch authorities and their paramilitary supporters have started rounding up syndicalists all over the country. Now Harm Kolthek, the leader of the Dutch syndicalists, is being pursued by angry paramilitaries and he is requesting refuge in our embassy. There is a good chance that he will be killed if we do not assist him.
We'll protect him.
Leave him out in the open.
Kolthek in the Mexican Embassy
After having knocked open the door of the villa where Kolthek was hiding, the Landwacht was just in time to see Kolthek escaping. Conveniently for the syndicalist, the villa was just a few hundred metres from the Mexican embassy, the only country with ties to syndicalism that has a diplomatic mission in the Netherlands. Sadly, the Mexican ambassador decided that Kolthek could have his refuge, which means that according to international law, we cannot get him. The Landwacht is not officially part of the Dutch government however, and so Van Geelkerken has a choice.
Embassies are inviolable.
We have to get Kolthek at all costs!
Kolthek Announces Revolt Support
From inside the Mexican embassy, Kolthek has announced that the reds grouping together in the north should proceed with their rebellion so that he and Daan may soon be free again. It seems that our attempt at avoiding open rebellion has failed.
Thanks Mexico...
Dutch Embassy Raided!
After seeing us granting refuge to Kolthek the Dutch 'Landwacht' paramilitary organisation decided to assault our embassy. According to early reports, they completely trashed the building and multiple members of our diplomatic mission have been wounded. Shockingly they've even kidnapped our ambassador, supposedly to hand him over to the police for helping a fugitive. While at least he was released by the Dutch police immediately, this violation is completely outrageous!
48 hours to leave the country, Dutch ambassador!
Mexican Embassy Raided
The Landwacht simply assaulted the Mexican embassy upon finding out that they granted refuge to Kolthek, wounding several Mexican members of the mission in the process as well as extracting Kolthek and assuring the partial destruction of the embassy. They also, somewhat scandalously, handed the Mexican ambassador over to the police, claiming he 'was helping a fugitive'. We have released him at once, seeking to distance ourselves from this controversial deed by the Landwacht.\n\nIn any case, having successfully arrested Kolthek makes it unlikely that the moderate Sneevliet and radical Wijnkoop will be capable of working together in a revolt. Our sources already state that they are currently taking over a coastguard vessel to sail to the syndicalist sphere while the Red Front and moderates began to engage in brutal infighting.
The Mexicans still won't be pleased.
Kolthek Arrested
After having knocked down the door of the villa where Kolthek was hiding, the Landwacht was just in time to see Kolthek escaping. Conveniently for the syndicalist, the villa was just one block away from the Mexican embassy, the only country with ties to syndicalism that has a diplomatic mission in the Netherlands. Sadly for Kolthek, they didn't want to grant him refuge, and as such the Landwacht arrested him. Now it seems highly unlikely that any leftist revolt in the short term will succeed, as moderate Sneevliet and radical Wijnkoop do not get along so well and the orthodox syndicalists were a binding factor. Our intelligence has suggested that both are now fleeing Groningen by boat into exile as the Red Front and moderates descend into acrimony.
Good!
Leftist Revolt
As had been feared, the leftists have taken control of the streets of Groningen, and soon other cities in Friesland, Drenthe and Groningen province followed suit. The rebels have armed themselves and are harboured by a population that supports their efforts to overthrow the government. Unrest is growing in the rest of the country too, and some in the government are saying that it would be wise to set up a government in exile ready to restore rightful Dutch rule in case of collapse. Others, like Queen Wilhelmina, would rather see us try to quash the rebellion with force.
The cowardly populist-capitalists flee the mainland.
Elections of [GetYear]
Election day has finally come, by decree of the junta. Soon after this, the military will restore control to the States-General and the Netherlands shall then once again have a civilian government. The main parties believed to stand a chance are the confessionals working together and the SDAP, while the liberals will probably return to their old position of filling in the last seats to a majority.
SDAP becomes the largest party!
The RKSP become the largest party!
SDAP Forms [GetYear] Government
The election results are in, and it seems that the social democrats have become the largest party. The initiative to form a government is theirs, and the question is now whether they shall work with the liberals to form a majority, or with the Catholics.
They work with the VDB and LSP.
They work with the RKSP.
Confessionals Form [GetYear] Government
The election results are in, and it seems that the conservatives have won. The Catholic RKSP is the largest and the smaller Protestant parties won a decent number of seats as well. The question is now whether or not they work together in the old fashion or will the RKSP claim the 'Torentje' for themselves by working with the social democrats, as the Protestants would not put up with a Catholic prime minister otherwise.
CHU leader De Geer unites the Confessionals and Liberals.
The RKSP and the SDAP work together.
Election of [GetYear]
It is election time again, and people across the Netherlands are heading to the polls. The nation waits with interest whether it will be the social democrats or the conservative confessionals who will claim an election victory.
The SDAP wins!
The confessionals win!
Elections of [GetYear]
Election day has come again, and after a campaigning for several months the politicians are awaiting the exit polls anxiously. The three contenders to become the largest party are the liberals of Pieter Oud, the confessionals who have a divided leadership, and the social democrats, led by Willem Drees. Whoever becomes the largest will get the mandate to form a government.
PvdA takes an absolute majority.
PvdA takes the plurality.
PvdV takes the plurality.
VVD takes the plurality.
The ARP, RKSP and CHU secure themselves a key role.
PvdA Forms [GetYear] Government
We have secured an absolute majority and thus we can shape the country along our own views. We do not need to compromise with anyone, and we should make sure that our supporters will not be displeased with our progress, or we might face punishment in the next elections.
This shall be solely a PvdA cabinet.
PvdA Forms [GetYear] Government
We have won the elections, and while it is clearly not enough to attain an absolute majority and to rule by ourselves, it is still more than enough for us to get the initiative in the formation of a new government. Several options are available, and it is up to us who we'd prefer as our new partner.
Purple with the PvdV.
Purple with the VVD.
Roman-Red with the RKSP.
Bright Red with the RSAP.
Liberals Form [GetYear] Government
We liberals have come a long way, as we were on a downturn not so long ago; while we did not outright win a majority, we did secure a plurality and that will suffice for us to get the initiative in forming a government. Will the days of liberal domination in the 19th century come again?
Purple with the PvdA.
Conservative Liberalism with the CHU and Catholics.
Stikkercoalitie: ARP with VNH outside support.
Confessionals Form [GetYear] Government
The former member parties of the CNA have gathered an impressive outcome in terms of voters: the ARP, CHU and RKSP have each showed solid outcome and as a block no one can move around them, with the RKSP even attaining the plurality.
CHU rules centre-right with Oud's liberals, the RKSP and ARP.
ARP rules centre with Oud's liberals and Drees' Social Democrats.
CHU rules centre-left with the PvdA and ARP.
RKSP rules Roman-Red with the PvdA.
Elections of [GetYear]
Election day has come again, and everyone is awaiting the newspaper announcing the exit polls and hopefully soon the final result of the elections. Who has won?
The CNA takes once again an absolute majority.
CNA gets the plurality but not the majority.
LSP gets the plurality but not the majority.
SDAP gets the plurality but not the majority.
CNA Forms [GetYear] Government with Absolute Majority
We have done it once again: we have seized more than fifty seats in parliament and given ourselves a comfortable lead over the other parties. Louis Beel will form the next government and he has a comfortable majority at hand in parliament to push through his policies. If we wish to be more inclusive however, we could offer some cabinet positions to liberals.
Work with the liberals.
Thus, we rule one!
CNA Forms [GetYear] Government with Reduced Majority
While we have been unable to secure the absolute majority like in earlier times, we're still the largest party in parliament by a noticeable margin. As such, we get the initiative in the formation, which will be the first task of Louis Beel as the leader of the CNA.
The LSP poses a reliable partner.
The SDAP is less radical and therefore viable now.
The VNH agrees with us on key points.
LSP Forms [GetYear] Government
The LSP has secured the plurality of seats by a noticeable margin, and as such we will now get the initiative in the formation of a government. The question that rests is whether we can agree with the CNA on the formation of a government or with the VNH.
Now we shall govern with the CNA.
Now we shall govern with the VNH.
SDAP Forms [GetYear] Government
We have secured the plurality of seats and now time has come to do something with it. As we lack an outright majority, we will have to compromise. We could work with the liberals, with the Catholics, or we could go for a full socialist government and work with the RSAP.
Purple with the LSP and VDB.
Roman-Red with the RKSP.
Deep-Red with the RSAP.
Second Prussian Intervention
Syndicalists have taken over the Netherlands, exposing a vulnerable flank through which the Ruhr area, our primary industrial centre can be hit. Military hotheads are proposing that we invade right now, while they still lack international recognition, but the Dutch, or Batavians as they call themselves now, are surely dug in having expected this move already. Others propose that we send agents to undermine the new regime's stability, which could be a more subtle way of securing their loyalty. The third possibility is to just leave them alone - direct intervention might escalate into full-out war with the Internationale.
Send the agents!
Send the soldiers!
Send the border guards!
The Prussians Intervene once more!
Just like in 1787, when the Dutch republic was overtaken by revolutionaries who ousted the Dutch republic, the reactionaries from the east have come to put the Dutch people back in chains. Not again is our creed! We shall fight for our future as any proud people would!\n\nUp with Batavian virgin and down with the 'mof'!
Eerst was hier de Pruis in 't land...
German Destabilisation efforts
The Kaiser has noticed the takeover of our righteous government and chose to send agents destabilising our regime. Even if this makes our government a bit more secure for now, it still hurts, as these people are clearly having a harmful effect on our grip over the situation.
Ze zullen ons niet krijgen!
The Question of Surinamese Independence
With the ascension of the worker's state in the Netherlands, the situation of Dutch Guyana, also known as Suriname, is becoming an embarrassing affair: it does not fit a modern worker's nation to maintain an archaic testament of imperialism. While there does not seem to be a very extensive independence movement in the region, likely due to the lacking development of the area, proposals have been pitched to send the exiled independence activist Anton de Kom back to Paramaribo to establish a socialist republic in Suriname.
Suriname deserves its independence
Isn't it more imperialistic to force their independence?!
The Dutch Army Plan
Tensions are running high around us, causing our army staff to hold a meeting to decide upon a doctrine for our army.\n\nThe more traditional part of our general staff wishes to concentrate on the defence of our country, repairing and reactivating the traditional defensive lines making use of the water to stop the enemy.\n\nHowever, some note that these tactics may not work anymore due to the changing nature of warfare, and have expressed that the Dutch army should be a highly mobile force capable with motorised troops and tanks to respond to threats quickly and decisively.
An important choice will be made soon.
The Future of the Dutch Navy
The Admiralty is discussing the best way to proceed onwards. Our resources are limited, so a plan is needed to be devised on how to make use of our naval assets the most.\n\nSome of the admiralty place our merchant fleet above all. They believe that if the merchant fleet is unable to operate, our country will be reduced to poverty. They want to emphasise the need of our navy to protect the fleet with fast surface ships, and if possible, harass the fleet of potential adversaries with submarines.\n\nArguments to focus on large surface ships to protect our vital colonies from a potential Japanese incursion are also heard. Our capital ships are reaching a respectable vintage and will probably not be able to protect the Dutch East Indies in particular if they are not modernised or even expanded in number.\n\nSome propose the Dutch navy to focus on naval aviation, a relatively new but potentially radically altering the way how naval battles are fought in the future. They wish to see a further expansion of the carrier force supported by a strong naval aviation branch.
An important choice will be made soon.
Vesting Holland
We have started with the construction of Vesting Holland. The plan will be to surround Holland, the industrial and political heart of the Netherlands, with fortifications so that our defensive positions will be secure in any future war. Should we start construction?
Begin!
Vesting Holland's First Stage Completed
Phase 1 of Vesting Holland has been completed: a limited layer of fortifications hopefully capable of strengthening our defensive capabilities to at least an extent. The project is not finished, however, as much more can be done.
Voortreffelijk!
Vesting Holland Completed
We have completed Vesting Holland. Our most important defensive lines are sufficiently secured, and any enemy would have to go through a lot more trouble to reach our homeland. While perhaps it might be possible to fortify Fortress Holland even more, this at least sets up a basis we can work with!
We can sleep easy at night now!
Question of the SDAP
Following the removal of the shackles of capitalist rule, the workers have successfully abolished the States-General and are preparing to elect a third National Assembly. One of the first orders of business is whether to allow the SDAP to partake in the upcoming elections; most other remnants of bourgeois elitism may not, but the SDAP have once before tried to jumpstart the revolution, granting them some measure of grudging respect amongst other leftist groups. Unfortunately, the SDAP have been drifting to the right in recent years, which is one of our main concerns - they could provide a backdoor to subvert the revolution.
Let the SDAP take part.
Reject SDAP admissions as communal representatives.
Third National Assembly Elected
Following an election, every municipal commune has sent their representatives to the third National Assembly. This assembly will decide over the future of the new Dutch order.
Good.
Zonderlinge Zaterdag
Early this morning, the Landwacht was found to be unusually active on the streets of Amsterdam. Around 10 a group of around seventy-five Landwachters was spotted marching into the Palace on the edge of Dam Square, the place where Henri Swart's office is. Upon entry into the office their intentions have quickly become clear: they are demanding that Swart publicly resign from his position and prepare for a handover of power. With Swart placed on air on the national broadcaster, the nation's fate hangs on a knife-edge.
The police burst in and seize the conspirators.
Swart publicly resigns.
Trade Mission
The Netherlands, to put it bluntly, is an export economy. One of the main issues affecting our nations in recent years is that almost all of our exports go to Germany, meaning that now that the Reich's willingness to engage in overseas trade has plummeted, our own economy suffers. To diversify our export partners, we could approach the nearby Scandinavians, or look beyond Europe to the Americas for new markets.
Send the mission to Scandinavia.
Send the mission to North America.
Send the mission to South America.
Dutch Trade Mission Arrives
A Dutch trade mission has arrived. They hope to negotiate a treaty so that at least some trade barriers can be removed, a highly unusual request in these times of crisis. Regardless, agreeing to it could boost our trade with each other, but cynics point out that this is probably more an attempt by the Dutch to get out of German economic dependency than them caring for our mutual economic prospects.
Trade barriers begone.
No, the barriers are fine as it is.
Trade Mission Reports Back
Our trade mission has returned from their trip. Outside of great stories of those who came along about what had happened during it they are also reporting on the gains they have made.
Let's see!
Welfare Negotiations
One of the first demands the leftists came up with was some limited reforms in welfare and regulation; ranging from shorter working hours to mandatory safety regulation to subsidies for unemployed and those not able to work at all.
A despicably un-Dutch proposal!
Some reforms should be fine.
Implement all of their reforms.
Communard Diplomatic Status Negotiations
While most 'conventional' countries have the tendency to recognise governments-in-exile like Canada and the French Exiles over the syndicalists ruling their homeland, the Netherlands were also one of the few countries who viciously refused to even de-facto recognising their existence. That may change now, because the leftists demand we negotiate with the Commune of France for a diplomatic mission in the interests of our citizens travelling there.
We don't negotiate with terrorists!
Fine, but we will explicitly deny de-facto recognition!
Alright, but we won't say this is de-jure recognition!
Anti-Landwacht Protection Negotiations
The leftists are demanding that we divert manpower in order to protect them from 'blackshirted thugs', after consulting our spy in the NAS it was found out that they meant the Landwacht with this. Still, diverting our precious manpower to defending some lefties is especially in CNA spheres seen as completely unacceptable!
We're not going to do that.
Divert a few reservists.
Give them what they want.
Red Front Restriction Negotiations
The Red Front is arguably one of the biggest threats to civil peace in the Netherlands as they have a tendency to constantly brawl with the Landwacht. Demanding that they restrain themselves in the deal is a no-brainer, but the lefties won't just go for that.
Demand must cease their activities and dissolve themselves!
They may henceforth only defend their activists from the Landwacht.
Don't restrict their rights in the deal.
NAS Negotiations
The NAS, arguably the most important syndicalist union in the Netherlands, has the potential to bring our economy to ruin and furthermore, taking at away will damage the influence of orthodox syndicalism, probably badly!
Demand they cease their activities and dissolve themselves!
They must merge with the social democratic NVV!
Don't make demands of them.
RSAP Negotiations
The RSAP is the only far-left party represented in parliament, mainly because the rest of the left rejects our parliament's legitimacy. Still, they are a threat to our current system, as they would no doubt dissolve it if they came to power. Limiting what they can do will diminish the political influence of the radical socialists as well.
They must dissolve themselves!
Demand they refrain from activity in strikes and demonstrations.
Don't make demands of them.
Landwacht Restrictions Negotiations
The Landwacht is an obvious problem with regards to keeping the streets of the Netherlands safe, as they seem to constantly start brawling with left-wingers. The Dutch government wants to make clear that the Landwacht should make way for the police to round up troublemakers where needed.
Demand they cease their activities and dissolve themselves!
They may henceforth only defend their activists from the Red Front.
Don't restrict their rights in the deal.
Military Influence Negotiations
A large problem is that a lot of old-guard officers in our military are members of the VNH on behalf of their 'moderate-but-still-authoritarian' faction. This undermines the reliability of our military and makes a putsch by the VNH possible. We are determined to change this, and more so by altering their party rules.
Demand that one can no longer be actively in the military and be a VNH-member.
Make sure that active military personnel can no longer become VNH-members.
Don't push this issue.
VNH Rally Negotiations
One of the most important reasons that the VNH is growing so fast in recent years is that Van Geelkerken is holding enormous party rallies propagating a future under the VNH. This leads to growth of a radical young guard and it is proving to be a threat to our parliamentary system.
Demand that these rallies will no longer be held.
Only allow it at the annual VNH landdag.
Don't put restrictions on it like that.
Union Rights Negotiations
The first demand the VNH placed down was that we ban trade unions as they are, as the VNH's Van Geelkerken states, 'thugs who only seek to sabotage our nation'. This would be neither stabilising nor popular, however.
Strong unions are vital to our society.
Limit their rights, but don't outright ban them.
Ban the unions as demanded.
Tariff Negotiations
The VNH demands that we protect Dutch businesses through tariffs to make foreign goods more expensive. The Netherlands is an export country however and overdoing this is risking a trade war that we cannot afford, so the government must remain cautious.
We don't do tariffs.
Some tariffs are acceptable.
Implement all the tariffs they want.
Nationalisation Negotiations
The most controversial demand of the populists was that we would nationalise all German property in the Netherlands. Some are afraid that doing this will bring upon us the wrath of the Kaiserreich.
We're nationalising nothing!
Germans don't need all that property.
We'll nationalise all German property.
Successful Negotiations with the Syndicalists
We have successfully negotiated a deal with the extreme left. Now it is time to implement our part of the deal and see them implement their part.
Excellent news!
Negotiations Failed with the Syndicalists
The syndicalists have left the negotiation as they feel we are willing to give away too little to force actual change through. As such the negotiations have fallen apart and the chances of a deal are now minimal.
Sodding reds.
Successful Negotiations with the Nationalists
We have successfully negotiated a deal with the extreme right. Now it is time to implement our part of the deal and see them implement their part.
Neat.
Negotiations Failed with the Nationalists
The VNH has left the negotiation table as they feel that 'we are too weak to even stand a chance at saving the country' and that they would have to give too much away to end with a deal. Negotiations have thus fallen apart and of the chances a deal after all are slim.
These extremists really are a piece of work.
Dutch Diplomatic Mission
The Dutch government has grudgingly approached us to exchange diplomatic missions between our countries, which amounts to de-facto recognition of our existence, something they have not shown before. It could be a chance to make sure our citizens have some place to turn to when in the Netherlands, but our sources have told us that they agreed to do this only by the grace of having negotiated with their local syndicalists, so we could perhaps extract more.
The Dutch government has grudgingly approached us to exchange diplomatic missions between our countries, though they have said that this amounts to no recognition of our government at all. This is insulting, but our sources say this move stems from negotiations with our comrades there, so perhaps we could pressure them into recognising our government.
Accept the proposal.
Demand de-jure recognition by the Dutch government.
France Accepts the Mission
The French have accepted our proposal to exchange diplomatic missions, and the necessary preparations to buy a building in Paris and The Hague by our countries respectively has started. The syndicalists will be satisfied which will cement our deal.
I still don't like this.
France Demands De-Jure Recognition
The French have said that they will only accept our proposal if we officially recognise their government, something objectively not possible without repealing our recognition of [NFA.GetNameDef]. Besides that, it also makes our government look weak. Not doing it might jeopardise our deal with the left though...
Never!
Ok then...
Dutch Diplomatic Recognition
The Dutch government has given in to our pressure and is now recognising us as the legitimate government of France. Their government has suffered a humiliating political loss while we have gained a massive diplomatic win on the world stage.
Pressure helps!
Holland Refuses to Recognise Us
Despite our pressure, the Dutch have refused to recognise us. While this means no diplomatic missions it is not particularly crushing for us. We could however tell the Dutch syndicalists how awfully unreasonable their government was, with their outrageous demands... like... well we will just have to make something up!
No, it's better to just leave it at this!
Let me think of some outrageous demands...
Syndicalists Protest
When we didn't hear back from the French, we assumed that it was no deal. However, now the syndicalist negotiators have appeared saying that we made outrageous demands of the French government and that we intentionally blew the negotiations to punish them...
OK, OK, we'll recognise them!
We deny this and we won't go back.
The Netherlands Nationalises German Property
The Dutch government has announced a large-scale nationalisation programme following negotiations with their ultranationalists. They are targeting German property across their country and voices from left to right of the political spectrum are calling for action to defend German interests.
The Dutch government has announced a small-scale nationalisation programme that seems to be solely targeting Germans. There has been some outrage in German politics about this and there are calls for us to do something to safeguard German interests in our small neighbour.
The German military will safeguard German interests.
Give it up or lose access to the Reichspakt markets.
There is nothing we can do.
German Military Ultimatum
The Germans have sent an ultimatum: either we cancel our nationalisation plans or the German Heer will intervene to protect German interests by force. It appears like we have little choice but to cancel, even if it would not be popular with our new nationalistic partners or even moderates.
They're bluffing!
We would be squashed under their heel.
Dutch Refuse our Ultimatum
The Dutch apparently think we are bluffing, and have refused to call off the nationalisation. While not attacking now would have us lose face in the international community, some are saying that it is unwise to attack a 'normal' country while the syndicalists knock at our gates. Besides, that nationalisation is hardly a valid casus belli.
War it is!
Don't act on it.
German Economic Ultimatum
The Kaiserreich has demanded that we cancel our nationalisation, and that if we fail to do so they will remove our access to the Reichspakt market, which could potentially ruin our economy. Caving in will likely anger our nationalistic partners however.
Thanks to policy and Black Monday we can afford it.
We have no choice.
Dutch Refuse our Ultimatum
In spite of our threats, the Dutch have refused to cancel the nationalisation process. Now it is up to us to decide whether we will go through with our threat or just let it slide.
You'll get your embargo.
Sliding sounds nice.
Dutch Cave In
Following our pressure the Dutch have caved in and German property will not be nationalised. Those owning assets in the Netherlands have cheered the strong reaction of the German government and showered praise upon us for not letting them be bullied by our tiny neighbour's government.
That will teach them.
VNH Publicly Denounces Us
Our 'partners', the VNH, have publicly denounced the way we handled the German diplomatic row, saying that we failed to do what it took to serve our country's best interest and that we let the German violate our sovereignty. So much for our deal.
It can hardly be cancelled if it never truly existed!
Government Negotiations Collapse
Following the failure to negotiate a deal with either the left or the right, the CNA and LSP are both polling at historically low levels, with most of their voters having defected to the SDAP and VDB. At the same time, the far left and far right are intending to boycott the elections. The LSP has sought to return to the negotiating table, but the CNA claims the time for talk is over. It turns out they couldn't get out.
We need new elections in a few months' time!
Elections of [GetYear]
Following the fall of the Cabinet of the CNA and LSP, elections were ordered to be held. The SDAP and VDB are said to stand a good chance as their interventions have caused the CNA and LSP to lose a lot of support and their bad experience with working with the democratic parties had caused both the VNH and the RSAP to boycott the elections, at least this time around.
The SDAP beats the CNA.
The CNA remains the largest, but loses its majority.
SDAP Forms [GetYear] Government
Having become the largest party in the house, the SDAP get the first chance to form a government. It has not taken long to make a deal with the VDB, who are the only ones willing to rule with them. The only dark spot of the whole affair has been that Queen Wilhelmina has refused to give Albarda the post of Formateur, meaning that it would have to be filled by VDB-leader Oud.
And so cabinet Oud came to be.
SDAP Forms [GetYear] Government
While the CNA again stood victorious, we unfortunately lost our majority. While we got the first shot at forming a government, we discovered that cruelly we could only do so if we made a deal with the SDAP or VDB who saw each other as preferable partners. After failing to find a viable partner, we had to give the SDAP a chance. The SDAP formed a cabinet with the VDB, for unknown reasons, though it is said the Queen was involved in negotiating that.
... but we won!
Prime Secretary of the External Affairs
The Third National Assembly took to electing the 'Eerste Secretaris der Externe Zaken' of the Batavian Commune - leading the department of external affairs. There are multiple individuals running for this office, but only those endorsed by a faction stand a real chance of winning as representatives that stand as independents, while not unimportant, are unable to swing crucial votes.
Patriot Paul de Groot.
NAS's Nicolaas Beuzemaker.
KAPN's Benjamin Lopes Cardazo.
RSAP's Willem van Ravesteyn.
SDAP's Charles Guillaume Cramer.
Prime Secretary of the Economy
The Third National Assembly is now electing the 'Eerste Secretaris der Economie' of the Batavian Commune - who will be in charge of the department of economics. Again, the factions have put forward their candidates, and again it will probably be in the hands of independents in the National Assembly who will rise to the top.
Patriotten's Louis 'Lou' de Visser.
NAS's Jan Postma.
KAPN's Abraham Verduin.
RSAP's Jacques de Kadt.
SDAP's Jacob van Gelderen.
Prime Secretary of Internal Affairs
Now the third National Assembly is electing the 'Eerste Secretaris der Interne Zaken' - depending on who will be appointed, the new system of justice will be shaped. If a hardliner secures this position, freedom in the commune might be jeopardised.
Patriotten's Bernhard Coltof.
NAS's Jan Berger.
KAPN's Henriette Holst.
RSAP's Fokke Bosman.
SDAP's Jacob van Gelderen.
Chairman of the Volksraad
Now all members of the Volksraad have been appointed. Only one position has not been given away, chairmanship of the Volksraad, the head of government of the Batavian Commune leading chairing the Volksraad. The leaders of each faction have already announced their candidacy.
First Patriot David Wijnkoop.
NAS-Chairman Harm Kolthek.
KAPN-theorist Anton Pannekoek.
RSAP-leader Henk Sneevliet.
SDAP party leader Willem Albarda.
Patriots Gain a Majority
The Patriot movement had the overwhelming support of the independents who appear not so independent after all. The first law of the Volksraad was that of filling the post of council pensionary, henceforth filled by David Wijnkoop until his death, which went flawlessly through the National Assembly. Undoubtedly the new constitution will fully suit the needs of the patriots.
Batavian democracy was a brief experience.
NAS Gains a Majority
The Nationaal Arbeids-Secretariaat and their unionist philosophy has clearly won the hearts of a majority of the people. The delegates of every Dutch commune have granted their representatives a majority in the Volksraad. The newly assembled Volksraad has elected Jacques de Kadt as the first council pensionary of the Batavian Commune. The Volksraad has now started drafting a constitution that will determine the rules of state.
The unions will get a special place.
RSAP Gains a Majority
Henk Sneevliet left the National Assembly today announcing that the RSAP has gained a majority in the Volksraad, the executive organ of the Batavian Commune, owing to their support from the National Assembly. Sneevliet also announced that the Volksraad had expressed their trust in him as first council pensionary of the new nation.
Pensionary Sneevliet it is.
SDAP Gains a Majority
The SDAP has received support from the most delegates in the National Assembly, culminating in control over the Volksraad. Willem Albarda declared over the radio that he would not run for pensionary, leaving this office to Willem Drees instead. This is because one of the new constitution's clauses will be that anyone running for pensionary cannot simultaneously run for chairman of the Volksraad.
Is the revolution subverted now?
Hung Assembly
The delegates of the communes clearly did not agree on the future of the nation, as the Volksraad and Assembly are divided into rivalling factionalism. No majority has been attained, and the factions are debating whether a coalition can be formed through compromise. At the same time however, Red Front leader Paul de Groot, together with a few patriots, is openly denouncing how the revolution just resembles another flavour of indecisive parliamentarism, and with some patriots openly supporting such a move, it appears his calls will be heard if no deal can be made soon.
Sneevliet and Albarda make a deal.
RSAP and NAS see an option.
The Red Front launches a coup against the government.
The Rhine Line
One of the policies of the VNH to recover from Black Monday was a Schachtian project to have people build fortifications along the Rhine as a safeguard against a hypothetical advance of the syndicalists from France. This way, it was argued, did the government both spend money to increase the purchasing power of the common man, while also preparing for the future.
No syndicalist shall set foot beyond the Rhine!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Seeks an Alliance
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have expressed their desire to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]... how should we respond?
Welcome!
We don't need them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Request
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName].
Great!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Our Request
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has declined our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName], saying we wouldn't be able to help. This is an insult.
Their loss!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Seeks to Join the Internationale
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have expressed their desire to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. How should we respond?
Welcome!
We don't need them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts our Request
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have accepted our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName].
Great!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejected our Request
The [FROM.GetAdjective] have declined our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName], saying that we wouldn't be able to help. This is an insult.
Their loss.
Help the Netherlands
The Japanese are attacking [HOL.GetNameDef] in hopes of taking their colony in Indonesia. There is some fear among the Australasian general staff however that if the Japanese are allowed to take over the area, they will use it as a staging ground to invade Australia: they are calling upon us to approach the Dutch for an alliance before the fight inevitably reaches Sydney or Melbourne.
Approach the Dutch authorities.
No, the Japanese will surely leave us alone.
Australasia Proposes An Alliance
Australasia proposes that we join the Entente and that they in turn will help us in our struggle against the Japanese. What do we say?
We're in!
Don't worry, we can handle this alone!
Australasia Negotiates with the Dutch
Australasia has let us know that they intend to negotiate with the Dutch to have them join the Entente as they suspect that the Japanese will come for them after they conquer the Indonesian archipelago and prefer to have the fight be there instead of in Australia and New Zealand themselves. We can still refuse them if we do not want to be pulled into a war with Japan, though the European Netherlands could in the future also prove a good staging ground against the Kaiserreich.
A good initiative.
We do not want war with Japan.
The Netherlands Joins the Entente
The Netherlands has agreed to our plan and has joined the Entente. It is time to mobilise the Australian people in defence of our nation!
Okay then!
Canada Disapproves
The Canadians have let us know that they do not wish us to join the war against the Japanese in South East Asia.
Then we will pull back.
The Entente Intervenes
Wishing to deny us the opportunity to expand our influence over South East Asia by military means, the Entente alliance has formally invited the Dutch into their alliance and are mobilising their forces to defend against our invasion. While they are a disjointed and multinational force, we must now factor in this latest development in the balance of power in East Asia. If our forces are quick enough, we can deal a series of decisive blows to the enemy while they are scattered and secure our place as the masters of Asia!
Nevertheless, we will prevail!
Policy on Belgium
Now that we have stabilised the country and can look outwards again, we have to evaluate our policy towards the southern part of the Lowlands. Some people say that it is best for both sides if we maintain friendly relations with the rulers of Belgium. There is however, especially on the far-right, also a lobby that demands we stake our claims on Flanders, where most people speak Dutch too and which should, by that logic, be part of the Dutch state.
We must unite the Dutch speaking peoples under one flag!
Belgo-Dutch friendship is mutually beneficial!
[HOL.GetNameDefCap] Demands Flanders
The [HOL.GetAdjective] have delivered us an ultimatum: they want us to evacuate Flanders and transfer it to their control or we will face war. While we are confident that we would be able to crush this Dutch menace, the question is whether it would not be cheaper to just give them Flanders.
Just give them the damn place.
Come and get it!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Cedes Flanders
Somewhat to our surprise, the [From.GetAdjective] have agreed to our demands and ceded Flanders to our control. The Dutch army is marching into Flanders with great pride and there are small crowds of Flemish-nationalists welcoming them in the streets of Antwerp, Gent and Brugge. While certainly not everyone is happy with this state of affairs, most people seem indifferent.
Welkom, medeburgers!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Demands
In their infinite foolishness, the [From.GetAdjective] have failed to respond in a timely manner to our ultimatum. It appears that we will have to fight to get what is rightfully ours.
You've asked for it!
[HOL.GetNameDefCap] Attempts to Seize Flanders
[HOL.GetNameDefCap] has sent an ultimatum to the [fla_controller.GetAdjective] occupiers of Flanders demanding that they evacuate it and hand it over to them, completely foregoing the fact that Flanders is functionally our possession. While we can hardly declare war on them for tampering with our enemy, they can be sure that once we have them beaten, we will be back to claim what's ours!
[Root.GetNameDefCap] never forgets!
The South African Question
Throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries, the Dutch government lends a helping, if subtle, hand to the descendants of Dutch colonists in South Africa, boosted by a strong public opinion in the Netherlands in favour of the former. At the turn of the 20th century, however, this sentiment started to change, perhaps under influence of the 'apartheid' concept. The question is whether we should continue supporting the Boers or whether we should support the Dominionist side instead, who have the moral high ground and are in fact also represented by descendants of Dutch colonists such as Smuts and Hofmeyr.
Continue our support for the Boers.
We shall support democracy in South Africa henceforth.
[HOL.GetNameDefCap] Proposes Research Programme
[HOL.GetNameDefCap] has suggested the idea of a new joint-research programme, in the hopes that sharing our scientific findings will be mutually beneficial and help us improve relations.
Sounds like a plan.
Thanks but no thanks!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepts!
We have received an answer from [From.GetNameDef]! They accepted our proposal to start a joint research programme and it is going into effect as we speak.
Sharing is caring!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Declines!
Doubtlessly after careful deliberation, [From.GetNameDef] has decided that it is not in their best interests to start a joint research programme with us.
But what about 'sharing is caring'?
Council Communists Receive Majority Backing
Anton Pannekoek and his council communist 'Communist Labour Party of the Netherlands' have won the day and gained a majority in the Volksraad and the National Assembly. The first law put out by the KAPN government abolishes the previously-formed post of council pensionary and lets the Volksraad as a whole function as the head of state of our Commune.
A commune of councils it will be!
Central European Time Conversion?
As early as the end of the Weltkrieg there have existed suggestions that the Netherlands, currently operating under Greenwich Mean Time, should move to Central European Standard Time instead.\n\nSince the British Revolution however, these calls became increasingly virulent, as there are no longer any significant trading partners in the timezone. The British and French syndicalist regimes have yet to be diplomatically recognised by the Dutch authorities and Flanders-Wallonia has already moved to Central European time under German pressure.\n\nThis debate has quietly carried on through the 1930s, raging between the camp arguing that the Netherlands should follow Amsterdam's natural timezone and the faction that believes the Netherlands should move to the Kaiserreich's timezone - they are after all our single most important trading partner. While an accord in favour of the latter was finally reached in 1935, being that the first of February 1936 would be one hour longer to put the nation's clocks on par with those of the Reichspakt, the ultimate decision is up to us.
Let us go ahead!
GMT seems just fine to me, cancel it!
Opening of the Waalbrug
The ferry over the Waal River was one of the Netherlands' busiest ferries. Recognising its limited capacity, the municipal authorities of Nijmegen started the construction of the Waalbrug in 1931. On the 16th of June 1936, the finished bridge has finally been officially opened by Her Majesty the Queen.
Hurrah!
Princess Juliana Announces Engagement!
It has been observed that Crown Princess Juliana had been seeing Prince Bernhard zur Lippe-Biesterfeld, whom she had met at the Winter Olympics earlier this year, but the announcement of her engagement with him over radio still took the nation by surprise. Despite the hardships the people are enduring in these trying times because of the Black Monday Crisis, this comes as a welcome cheer and joy is evident throughout the country.
How sweet!
Marriage of Juliana
Today Crown Princess Juliana is marrying her fiancé the Prince Bernhard zur Lippe-Biesterfeld, who renamed himself to 'van Lippe-Biesterfeld' in Dutch style. The announcement alone had provoked a wave of happiness throughout crisis-ridden Netherlands and the ceremony certainly will do no less. The national feast will be sure to distract a bit from the current bad economic circumstances and forms a spot of hope for those in despair at the state of the country!
Congratulations, Juliana!
Solar Eclipse Over the Netherlands
A solar eclipse appeared today over the Netherlands as expected; civilians and scientists alike went outside to look at the Sun that was partially covered by the Moon, with some even taking a drive as far as the French border for an optimal view of the phenomenon.
Protect your eyes.
Utrecht Central Station Fire
The central station in Utrecht has caught fire, resulting in the destruction of the entire upper floor. An investigation by the authorities has concluded that the tragedy has likely been caused by an electrical failure and thus that it was not the result of foul play. Already the press is demanding an official statement to print in tomorrow's newspapers.
Tell the press the truth.
Report that the syndicalists did it.
Blame reactionary elements.
First Großer Preis in Zandvoort
The first Dutch Großer Preis, or Grand Prix, has been held on a street track in the town of Zandvoort today. While it does not count for the European championship, it has stirred up much interest and the mayor of Zandvoort has called for support to build a formal circuit in Zandvoort where an official Großer Preis for the Netherlands can be held - one that does formally count towards the European championship.
One day we will build it!
Veluwe Sale
As a result, of the brutal economic crisis, the Kröller-Müller aristocratic family is unable to afford the maintenance of their hunting grounds in the Veluwe. They have announced their intention to sell the hunting ground to a government-supported foundation, if possible. This will make the area open for visitors in what could become the first national park in continental Holland, heavily populated with game such as deer and wild boar, released in the area by Anton Kröller.\n\nThe only condition placed on the deal is that they can continue living in their mansion in the area. Word is that Mrs. Müller even intends to start a museum if the plan is executed.
Support the foundation, purchase the grounds.
The grounds are sold to a German aristocrat instead.
Death of C.J. Snijders
Cornelis Jacobus Snijders, commander of the Dutch armed forces during the Weltkrieg, passed away today. Snijders was controversial in that the liberal cabinet ruling the Netherlands at the time wanted to fire him for defeatism as he believed the Netherlands should not resist a German invasion, a move only prevented by the personal intervention of Queen Wilhelmina. After the Weltkrieg Snijders made himself famous again by co-founding the VNH, that makes up the far right of Dutch politics today.
Requiescat in Pace.
Birth of Princess Beatrix
Princess Juliana has given birth to the future crown princess of the Netherlands, named Beatrix Wilhelmina Armgard van Oranje-Nassau, who shall inherit the Dutch throne after her mother dies or abdicates. It is a great relief to the Dutch monarchy that an heir has been born as it will prevent a succession crisis in the future, and many people are already publicly proclaiming their congratulations for the Queen.
Hurrah!
Landdag of the VNH
The VNH has held its first annual landdag since gaining power in the Dutch nation. Party members from across the country have come together in Rotterdam to celebrate this joyous occasion. Cornelis van Geelkerken has held a rousing speech, after which the festivities began.\n\nAccording to Van Geelkerken, the national Jeugdstorm, the youth league of the VNH was exceptionally important in turning the tide and giving the VNH the chance to change the country around, but he warned that no regime is safe until syndicalism has been thoroughly rooted out. Interestingly, he failed to mention the VNH old guard entirely, exposing tensions between the old and the new guard, experts say.
Houzee! Houzee! Houzee!
Queen's Day
It is the Queen's birthday and thus the national holiday 'Koninginnedag'. People across the country are celebrating the monarchy, but surely also what it means to be Dutch. As usual, Queen Wilhelmina and the rest of the Royal family are not taking part in public festivities, due to the need to maintain their Royal dignity. Still, thousands of well-wishers are gathered outside Soestdijk palace with flags crying out with joy.
Hiep hiep, hoera!
Dissident Queen's Day
Before the revolution, this would have been Queen's Day, the birthday of the Queen. As a result, reactionaries and other royalist scum are causing all kinds of trouble, ranging from openly celebrating the Queen's birthday to actual riots and demonstrations in favour of the restoration of the monarchy.
Let the Red Front shut this abomination down!
Queen's Day
Today is the birthday of Queen Juliana and thus the first new Queen's Day. People across the country are celebrating the monarchy, and surely also the Dutch spirit. The children in any case are bound to approve; our former Queen's day fell in the summer holiday, but now they get an additional day off during the school term.\n\nThe date is not the only thing that is different this year, as contrary to Wilhelmina Queen Juliana has scheduled a public appearance on her Queen's Day: today she accepted a floral tribute, as her grandmother the Queen-Consort-Regentess, Emma always did.
Hiep hiep, hoera!
Queen's Day
It is the Queen's birthday and thus the national holiday 'Koninginnedag. People across the country are celebrating the monarchy, but surely also what it means to be Dutch.\n\nQueen Juliana publicly received her floral tribute, as usual, at Soestdijk palace.
Hiep hiep, Hoera!
May Day
While May Day or labour day never became very popular in the Netherlands, with the ascension of a new socialist government, we need an alternative holiday to replace the popular but now defunct 'Koninginnedag'. While today's first celebration appears to have attracted merely some hard-line syndicalists, there have been some moderates as well, so we have high hopes that next year will be a full-scale celebration. One blemish on the day was that we were forced to move the planned annual pensionary speech in Amsterdam to Groningen for security reasons.
This first one wasn't a success...
May Day
It is the first of May again, and thus once again it is Labour Day. People across the country have the day off to celebrate the revolution and the gains it brought. [HOL.GetLeader] had held the annual pensionary speech today in Amsterdam while people were dressed in red, after which a school class was given the honour of singing the international, which was transmitted over radio to the entire country!
Breek uw ketens!
Independence Day
Following the abolishment of the monarchy, the government had to find an alternative festivity to replace the previously popular Queen's Day. A liberal representative started a motion to make the signing of the Plakkaat van Verlaetinghe, the Independence Day of the United Provinces, into a national holiday.\n\nEagerly accepted, it has proven to be a great success: based on patriotism, it inspires not only republicans around the country, but VNH members and even some royalists see the merit of this celebration. It seems we have found an ideal alternative.
Wilhelmus... oh no, wait, that's abolished!
Independence Day
It is independence day again, and thus the national holiday of the Dutch republic. People across the country are celebrating the existence of our nation, but surely also what it means to be Dutch.\n\nPensionary [HOL.GetLeader] held a speech over radio and clubs preparing the festivities for their own municipalities are finally unfolding the activities they have been organising for school kids.
Long live the Netherlands.
The [GetYear] Dutch Elections
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Netherlands has traditionally been one of the most politically stable nations in Europe and the Dutch people have for years been entrenched in their own institutional \
The Dutch do love their elections.
Reijnders' Putsch in the Netherlands
In a shocking turn of events General Izaak Reijnders of the Dutch armed forces declared a state of emergency and launched a coup in the Hague, deposing the recently elected left-wing government. Conservative military figures and nationalists have long watched with dismay as the fragile centrism typical of Dutch politics, typified by the \
In a shocking turn of events General Izaak Reijnders of the Dutch armed forces declared a state of emergency and launched a coup in the Hague, deposing the recently elected left-wing government. Conservative military figures and nationalists have long watched with dismay as the fragile centrism typical of Dutch politics, typified by the \
Dutch democracy may be at an end.
The Dutch Revolution
In yet another victory for the forces of the Left in Europe, the traditionally moderate Netherlands has gone the way of the British and French and fallen to socialism. The news has come as a profound shock to many monarchies and reactionary regimes across the world.\n\nPerhaps acting as a stark reminder of the dangers of socialist participation in democratic systems, the moderate SDAP was forced to allow the Revolutionair-Socialistische Arbeiderspartij or \
In yet another victory for the forces of the Left, the traditionally moderate Netherlands has gone the way of the British and French and fallen to socialism.\n\nThe country has been in chaos since the burning down of the Binnenhof in The Hague by Syndicalist Marinus van der Lubbe which caused the government to declare a state of emergency. After a leftist mutiny on a small navy vessel and subsequent revolt in Groningen province in the north, revolutionary sentiment quickly spread and army units defected. With the collapse of the Dutch political establishment, a new danger has emerged on the borders of the German Empire. Her response is yet unknown.
In yet another victory for the forces of the Left in Europe, the traditionally moderate Netherlands has gone the way of the British and French and fallen to socialism. The news has come as a profound shock to many monarchies and reactionary regimes across the world.\n\nWhat started with a small mutiny in De Peel ended with Red Front paramilitaries and leftist soldiers seizing control of major cities across the country, as well as the mass-evacuation of Establishment figures as well as most officials and the Dutch Royal Family.\n\nWith the socialist putsch complete and a new Provisional Revolutionary Committee established in the capital, the Dutch Revolution has now truly taken on a life of its own.
The fires of revolution claim another nation.
Nationalist Takeover in the Netherlands
The Netherlands has long been seen as an island of political centrism in an ocean of leftist ideologues and machinating imperialists. All that has changed however, with the rise of the Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel \
The Netherlands has long been seen as an island of political centrism in an ocean of leftist ideologues and machinating imperialists. All that has changed however, with the rise of the Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel \
The Netherlands has long been seen as an island of political centrism in an ocean of leftist ideologues and machinating imperialists. All that has changed however, with the rise of the Verbond voor Nationaal Herstel \
That doesn't sound like the Dutch.
The Dutch Recognise the Commune of France
In a controversial act that has appalled many European nations, the Netherlands has de-facto recognised the existence of the French Commune by sending a diplomatic mission to Paris to discuss citizens' rights. Such an act is completely counter to Dutch political norms, that have traditionally emphasised solidarity with the non-Syndicalist government-in-exiles of the French Republic and the United Kingdom.\nThough the reason for this bizarre diplomatic volte-face was initially downplayed by the Dutch government, it was eventually leaked that the ruling CNA-LSP coalition recognised the Commune to satisfy the socialists and save the Netherlands from political chaos. If true, such an action demonstrates the extreme measures some centrists are willing to take to prevent polarisation in modern Europe.
In an act that has stunned many on the diplomatic circuit the Netherlands today broke international convention and formally recognised the Commune of France as the legal successor to the French state. In an astonishing reversal of norms in post-Weltkrieg Europe, particularly for a country with such close ties to Germany, Mitteleuropa and the Reichspakt, the Dutch have even cut ties with the French government-in-exile in Algiers.\nThough the reason for this bizarre diplomatic volte-face was initially downplayed by the Dutch government, it was eventually leaked that the ruling CNA-LSP coalition recognised the Commune to satisfy the socialists and save the Netherlands from political chaos. If true, such an action demonstrates the extreme measures some centrists are willing to take to prevent polarisation in modern Europe.
Who could understand the mind of a diplomat?
The Netherlands Nationalises German Assets
The Dutch government has today taken the bold step of nationalising the assets of German citizens in its territory, in an action that is sure to incur the wrath of the Kaiserreich. With the weakened Conservative CNA government having entered into coalition with the liberal VDB, it has engaged in a policy of negotiating with the Dutch Far Left and Right in order to stem domestic political catastrophe.\n\nTo bring the ultranationalist VNH on side, the Dutch government finally agreed to nationalise German assets in order to keep the administration from collapse - a situation the CNA-LSP sought to keep secret. Already there have been calls in Berlin for punitive measures, both economic and military. How the Empire will act however, none yet can guess.
A strange turn of events.
Queen Wilhelmina Abdicates the Dutch Throne
In an astonishing sequence of events by Dutch standards, Queen Wilhelmina has abdicated the throne after half a century of rule. Appalled by the rise of the syndicalist RSAP and the breakdown of moderate consensus in her nation in the wake of the failure of the previous government, Queen Wilhelmina is seemingly unwilling to continue her rule.\n\nIn farcical scenes in Parliament, Colijn's and the ruling government's efforts to push through legislation financing the coronation of Princess Julia were blocked by the Leftist RSAP and SDAP. As a result the monarchy has ended up being abolished, and a new socialist Republic formed.
In an astonishing sequence of events by Dutch standards, Queen Wilhelmina has abdicated the throne after half a century of rule. Dismayed by the victory of the Left-Links electoral pact, Wilhelmina had boldly stated that she would only accept the moderate VDB's candidate as Formateur, Pieter Oud, despite the SDAP's victory - forcing them instead to ally with the socialist RSAP. With even moderate Parliamentarians furious at her inadvertently forcing the SDAP to the left, Queen Wilhelmina's position quickly became untenable, and the SDAP's Willem Albarda was appointed.\n\nWith the abdication of the monarch, the Leftists that now run the nation have declared the creation of a Dutch Republic \
In an astonishing sequence of events by Dutch standards, Queen Wilhelmina has abdicated the throne after half a century of rule. Dismayed by the victory of the Left-Links electoral pact, Wilhelmina had boldly stated that she would only accept the moderate VDB's candidate as Formateur, Pieter Oud, despite the SDAP's victory - forcing them instead to ally with the socialist RSAP. With even moderate Parliamentarians furious at her inadvertently forcing the SDAP to the left, Queen Wilhelmina's position quickly became untenable, and the SDAP's Willem Albarda was appointed.\n\nWilhelmina's abdication was not enough to completely destroy the Dutch monarchy however, and Juliana has quickly been crowned the new Queen.
Another European monarch falls.
Procure Panzers From Germany
We have never attempted to acquire, let alone produce tanks for the Netherlands. With all of our potential adversaries possessing tanks, we must not fall behind.\n\nGermany might be willing to sell us their Katze Sturmpanzer designs, and perhaps we can negotiate a deal to produce our first tank based on this design as well.
Only buy tanks, we do not have the capacity to produce our own.
Ask for a batch of Panzers, and a licence to produce them.
With what money? Tanks are expensive, we do not need them!
Dutch Panzer Purchase
Representatives of the Netherlands have arrived in Berlin asking us if they can purchase some of our older Panzers. How should we answer them?
Agreed, these Panzers have little combat value anyways.
Disagree, they might use them against us!
Dutch Panzer and Licence Purchase
Representatives of the Netherlands have arrived in Berlin asking us if they can purchase some of our older Panzers and a licence to produce more. How should we answer them?
Agreed, if they want to produce outdated tanks, let them.
Disagree, they might use them against us!
Germany Accepts Purchase Agreement!
The Germans have agreed to our proposal, and will deliver us 180 Sturmpanzerwagen I soon. These tanks shall form the basis of our armoured brigades.
Geweldig!
Germany Accepts Purchase and Licence Agreement!
The Germans have agreed to our proposal, and will deliver us 180 Sturmpanzerwagen I soon, as well as a licence so we can produce our own. These tanks shall form the basis of our armoured brigades.
Geweldig!
German Panzers Arrive
The German tanks that we purchased have arrived, and are ready to be put to use by our army.
Geweldig!
Germany Refuses a Panzer Purchase Deal!
Germany has refused our offer to purchase some Panzers. Though they did not state their reasoning it is possible that it was for strategic reasons.
We shall have to look elsewhere then.
Procure Vickers Tanks From Canada
We have never attempted to acquire, let alone produce tanks for the Netherlands. With all of our potential adversaries possessing tanks, we must not fall behind.\n\nCanada might be willing to sell us their Vickers Light Tank designs, and perhaps we can negotiate a deal to produce our first tank based on this design as well.
Only buy tanks, we do not have the capacity to produce our own.
Ask for a batch of Vickers, and a licence to produce them.
With what money? Tanks are expensive, we do not need them!
Dutch Vickers Tank Purchase
The Dutch have asked us to buy some of our older Vickers light tanks. How will we answer them?
Agreed, these Vickers have little combat value anyway.
Disagree, they might use them against us!
Dutch Vickers Tank and Licence Purchase
The Dutch have asked us to buy some of our older Vickers and a licence to produce more. How will we answer them?
Agreed, if they want to produce outdated tanks, let them.
Disagree, they might use them against us!
Canada Accepts Purchase Agreement!
The Canadians have agreed to our proposal, and will deliver us 180 Vickers I soon. These tanks shall form the basis of our armoured brigades.
Geweldig!
Canada Accepts Purchase and Licence Agreement!
The Canadians have agreed to our proposal, and will deliver us 180 Vickers I soon, as well as a licence so we can produce our own. These tanks shall form the basis of our armoured brigades.
Geweldig!
Canadian Tanks Arrive
The Canadian tanks we purchased have arrived, and are ready to be put to use by our army.
Geweldig!
Canada Refuses a Tank Purchase Deal!
Canada has refused our offer to purchase some Vickers tanks.
We shall have to look elsewhere then.
Construction work on the defensive lines defending Holland shall begin and will take two years.
With the groundwork done for the larger fortifications, we expect to have the lines operation in less than a year.
§YStabilised your government by completing one of the political focus branches.§!
You elect not to touch your small neighbour.
The SDAP will be part of the Third National Assembly after the election.
The SDAP will not be part of the Third National Assembly after the election.
§RDespite our best efforts, the trade mission has been refused by all potential countries§!.
We will have to assign some factories on welfare if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign several factories on welfare if the deal succeeds.
We will have to make a deal with the communards to build a diplomatic mission if the deal succeeds.
We will have to make a deal with the communards to build a diplomatic mission for the world to see if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign some 2000 men to protect syndicalists from the far right if the deal succeeds.
We will have to assign some 4000 men to protect syndicalists from the far right if the deal succeeds.
The Red Front will have to disband, positively impacting our stability if the deal succeeds.
The Red Front will have to restrain itself, positively impacting our stability slightly if the deal succeeds.
The NAS will have to disband, severely limiting the political influence of orthodox syndicalism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The NAS will have to merge with the NVV, severely limiting the political influence of orthodox syndicalism within our nation but with trickle back to social democracy if the deal succeeds.
The RSAP will have to disband, severely limiting the political influence of radical socialism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The RSAP will be subjected to limits, partially limiting the political influence of radical socialism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The Landwacht will have to disband, positively impacting our stability if the deal succeeds.
The Landwacht will have to restrain itself, positively impacting our stability slightly if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will abandon its contacts in the military, severely impacting the political influence of paternal autocracy within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will limit its contacts in the military, partially impacting the political influence of paternal autocracy within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will have to stop holding large-scale rallies, severely impacting the political influence of national populism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
The VNH will have to limit its large-scale rallies, partially impacting the political influence of national populism within our nation if the deal succeeds.
Unions can be forbidden to hold a strike, the unpopularity of such measure will impact the instability of our nation slightly if the deal succeeds.
Unions will be banned, the unpopularity of such measure will impact the instability of our nation a lot if the deal succeeds.
We will institute some tariffs, which will hamper our ability to trade with other nations if the deal succeeds.
We will institute a lot of tariffs, which will seriously hamper our ability to trade with other nations if the deal succeeds.
We will nationalise some German assets in the country, which could potentially result in a diplomatic row with Germany.
We will nationalise most German assets in the country, which will probably lead to a diplomatic row with Germany.
The VNH declares our deal void as we didn't hold up our end of the deal.
The syndicalists declare our deal void as we didn't hold up our end of the deal.
§RThe legislative Third National Assembly will elect an executive Volksraad over the course of 105 days from the candidates of the different factions!§!
These allow for the §YFlooding§! and §YDraining§! of certain provinces surrounding Fortress Holland, giving defensive bonuses.\n
Merges selected $syndicalist_coloured$ ideas.
§RRestoring Democracy will mean forfeiting national spirits gained from this path!§!
Nationalised Citizens' Property
Allowed Raid on Our Embassy
Belgo-Dutch Friendship
Foreign Policy
Join the Reichspakt
Germany has steadfastly remained our best partner. With the dangers of international syndicalism on the horizon, it would be delusional to think the Netherlands could stay out of any future conflict and not at best be invaded right after. We should formally abandon our policy of neutrality and strike an alliance with the Germans.
Join the Entente
The Entente long seemed an unlikely choice for an alliance. The British struggle in South Africa ensured a negative view of the United Kingdom permeated throughout all layers of Dutch society. The world turns, however, and changing geopolitics means our stance must shift.
Join the Internationale
Now that a worker's state has come to fruition in our nation, it is time for us to formally join the international class struggle by joining the military side of the Third Internationale. The Batavian Commune shall do its part in the struggle against capitalism!
Formulate a policy on Belgium
We ought to formulate a policy on our southern neighbour: relations between the Netherlands and Belgium have historically been rocky at best since the nation seceded from our own. Is it time to open a new chapter on Belgo-Dutch relations or is it time to undo the mistakes made in the 19th century?
Research Agreement with [BEL.GetNameDef]
We can go further than simply proclaiming our friendship with [BEL.GetNameDef]. By investing in tangible benefits such as cross-border research, both of our nations can prosper.
Research Agreement with [SAF.GetNameDef]
We have historical ties with our former colony South Africa. Cooperation between our nations has been more than once proposed by both Dutch and Afrikaner - offspring of Dutch colonists in South Africa - intellectuals, and some of them like general James Hertzog have even studied here in the Netherlands. Perhaps we can leverage this situation to increase the scientific cooperation between our countries.
Demand the Handover of Flanders
It is time the Dutch-speaking population is once more united, after a century of division. The Flemish rightfully belong to the Dutch nation, and they should not be separated from the rest of us by an arbitrary border!
Inundate the Water Lines
Drain the Water Lines
Netherlands
Dutch
the Netherlands
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
Batavian Commune
the Batavian Commune
David Wijnkoop
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1876, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Paul de Groot
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1899, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacques de Kadt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1897, in Oss, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Antonie Pannekoek
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1873, in Vaassen, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henk Sneevliet
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1883, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Drees
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1886, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Adriaan Henri Gerhard
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1858, in Lausanne, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Roelof Kranenburg
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1880, in Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Cornelis Lodewijk van der Bilt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1875, in Kapelle, Zealand, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Carel Goseling
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1891, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Military Junta
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henri Nicolas Alfred Swart
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1863, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Cornelis van Geelkerken
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1901, in Sint-Jans-Molenbeek, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Wilhelmina van Orange-Nassau
Wilhelmina
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1880, in Noordeinde Palace, The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LInaugurated as the Netherlands' first queen after her father's death, Wilhelmina van Oranje-Nassau has ruled the Netherlands as constitutional monarchy since 1890. Her rule saw the Netherlands remaining neutral in Weltkrieg, which some view as the product of the queen's relationship with the German Kaiser, an abortive attempt at a socialist revolution in 1918, the failure of which is attributed to the queen's personal popularity, and the establishment of the Netherlands' first Catholic prime minister - much against her majesty's will.\n\nTime will tell however, whether the queen can maintain her position of a symbol of unity to the Dutch people as dark clouds start to gather at the horizon.§!
Juliana van Orange-Nassau
Juliana
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1909, in Noordeinde Palace, The Hague, Netherlands, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
States-General
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 30th, 1814, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johan Willem Albarda
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1877, in Leeuwarden, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Schermerhorn
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1894, in Haarlem, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Pieter Jacobus Oud
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1886, in Purmerend, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Dirk Jan de Geer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1870, in Groningen, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hendrikus Colijn
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1869, in Burgerveen, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis Joseph Maria Beel
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1902, in Roermond, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis de Visser
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1878, in Delfshaven, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Evert Kupers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1885, in Groningen, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Abraham Menist
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1896, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem van Ravensteyn
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1876, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Daniel Daan Goulooze
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1901, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Nicolaas Beuzemaker
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1902, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Servatius Protatius Baart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1871, in Maastricht, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
George van den Bergh
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1890, in Oss, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Fedde Schurer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1898, in Drachten, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johan Willem Beyen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1897, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacob Adriaan Nicolaas Patijn
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1873, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Dirk Uipko Stikker
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1897, in Winschoten, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Eduard de Quay
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1901, in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Josephus Robertus Hendricus van Schaik
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1882, in Breda, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hugo Visscher
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1864, in Zwolle, Overijssel, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Bernard Engelbrecht
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1881, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Coenraad Alfred Augustus Haighton
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1896, in Rotterdam, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Frederik Carel Gerretson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1884, in Kralingen, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan Tinbergen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1903, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Tietse Pieter Sevensma
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1879, in Sneek, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jacob van Gelderen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1891, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Louis Einthoven
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1896, in Surabaya, East Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Petrus Wilhelmus Best
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1881, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Frederik Alard Hackstroh
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1881, in 's-Hertogenbosch, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jakob Harberts
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1883, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Izaak Herman Reijnders
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1879, in Stadskanaal, Groningen, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hendrik Alexander Seyffardt
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1872, in Breda, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Gustave Statius-Muller
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1889, in Batavia, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Herman van Voorst tot Voorst
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1886, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Godfried van Voorst tot Voorst
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1880, in Kampen, Overijssel, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Jan van Andel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1877, in Poederoijen, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Henri Winkelman
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1876, in Maastricht, Limburg, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Hein ter Poorten
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1887, in Buitenzorg, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Gustav Adolf Ilgen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1887, in Wiesbaden, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Gerardus Johannes Berenschot
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1887, in Solok, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Murk Boerstra
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1883, in Sneek, Frisia, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Simon Spoor
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1902, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Johannes Theodorus Furstner
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1887, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Karel Doorman
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1889, in Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Conrad Helfrich
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1886, in Semarang, Central Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Johannes Frans van Dulm
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1907, in Den Helder, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Maarten van Dulm
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1879, in Arnhem, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Willem Jan Kruys
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1906, in Pangkalan Brandan, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Albertus Samuel Pinke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1894, in Heerde, Gelderland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Alfred de Booy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1901, in Buitenzorg, West Java, Dutch East Indies§!
Ludolph Hendrik van Oyen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1889, in The Hague, South Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Marius Raaijmakers
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1886, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Floris Albert van Heyst
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1883, in Wijk bij Duurstede, Utrecht, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Anthony Fokker
