Nicaragua Focus Tree
Partido Nacional Revolucionario (National Revolutionary Party)
PNR
Frente de Soberanía Nacional (Front of National Sovereignty)
FSN
Partido Campesino de Nicaragua (Farmers' Party of Nicaragua)
PCN
Partido Campesino de Nicaragua (Farmers' Party of Nicaragua)
PCN
Partido de la Revolución Liberal (Party of Liberal Revolution)
PRL
Partido Liberal Constitucionalista (Constitutionalist Liberal Party)
PLC
Partido Conservador (Conservative Party)
PC
Partido Liberal Nacionalista (Nationalist Liberal Party)
PLN
Unión Nacional Opositora (National Opposition Union)
UNO
Alianza por la República (Alliance for the Republic)
AL
Nicaragua
Nicaraguan
Nicaragua
§RThe Sandinistas will begin to help the army in one month.\n§!
§RBoth us and Honduras must be Socialist.§!
§YBoth us and Honduras must be Liberal.§!
Nicaragua and Honduras must not be the same ideology.
§RThis could have unforeseen consequences.§!
§RTrust in the government will decrease§!
§GTrust in the government will increase.§!
§RThis will upset the population in the east.§!
§RSandino due to a lack of opposition will retain control over the country, for the sake of the people.§!
§RThe liberation of Central America is at hand! Our allies and us will unite into an unstoppable force or perish trying!§!
We will settle the dispute of the high command, giving us one of the following effects:
But, should the §cPC§! found itself in power, Chamorro will force his more defensive reforms to be the ones elected.
This will upgrade the Guardia idea, giving us one of the following effects:
§YShould Canada accept:§!
§YShould Germany accept:§!
We will ask the Commune of France or the Union of Britain to invest in us, which could result in either a §YCivilian Factory§! or a §YMilitary Factory§! being added.
We will ask Canada or Germany to invest in us, which could result in either a §YCivilian Factory§! or a §YMilitary Factory§! being added.
We can make our move against America.
The American civil war has begun.
The new election has occurred.
The Liberal Revolution has been adopted.
The Socialist Revolution has been adopted.
The United States and its influence has been removed.
Sandino is currently resisting the government.
Sacasa has started to gather Mercenaries
Allies in the Revolution
Holding the Exiled Military
Revolutionary Threat
Watching Our Every Move
Removed the Monroe Doctrine
Claiming our Country
Half of our country has been locked off from us for four heavy years now, but no longer! With America in no condition to intervene against us, we can begin to make our move to make Nicaragua for Nicaraguans.
Spreading the Revolution
Our enemy to the north, Honduras have long been a threat to our country. Holding our exiled military which was formed by the United States during our occupation, the first thing we will need to do during this period of chaos is to ensure them and the exiles repent for what they have caused.
March East
While the eastern part of our country wasn't officially demilitarised, the firm policy of the United States that, 'Move an inch and we'll send you packing 10 miles' prevented our troops from moving into areas that weren't already liberated in the revolution. With America no longer watching, we're free to send our enemies packing and rescue our people.
Nationalise United Fruit Assets
The United Fruit Company was previously removed from the Western side of our country during the revolution due to our full control over the area, but the result of this was an increase of focus on the East of our country, with the UFC buying land in the area to compensate for their losses. The chaos brought by the recent American elections gives us the ability to intervene and end their reign of terror once and for all.
Move Farmers East
Our recent liberation of the eastern side of our country gives us the ability to move our people into the region, to allow the farms to be used for peasants and farmers and take it back from imperialist interests.
Nicaragua is for Nicaraguans!
The United Fruit Company and the American imperialists are almost driven out of our country. All it will take is one final push, and Nicaragua will be secured once and for all!
Declare Monroe Dead!
The Monroe Doctrine has long been crippling our country, preventing our army from realising its true potential and the spread of the revolution to our brethren, but no longer! We will declare this outdated doctrine dead and have our country for ourselves only.
Sandinistas Recruitment
Sandino's personal project to tame the Sandinistas and turn them into a stable fighting force has worked well so far, and some have recommended that we expand the recruitment to help in the current conflict.
Open Eastern Recruitment
The East has been locked off from recruitment due to its unofficial demilitarisation by the United States, but we can now open up recruitment in the region without the United States. Of course, the people within the region might not appreciate this...
Test Honduras
Honduras has long been the target of our country's contempt, with it holding the exiled National Guard and being generally unfriendly to our revolutionary republic. Before going to war, we should test Honduras and their strength by provoking conflicts along the borders.
Spark Agitation in Honduras
Many within Honduras hold sympathy for the revolution we're trying to spread to them, so sparking agitation against their corrupt government could help us in the conflict.
Agitation
People have begun to resist our rule as a response to the Nicaraguan invasion. There's little we can do about it, and it is proving to be a burden on our government as people avoid conscription.
Begin the Liberation
It is time! The Hondurans are at their weakest with the fall of the United States, giving us the perfect opportunity to liberate them once and for all.
Eliminate Mercenaries
The mercenaries sent by the UFC meant to weaken our hold on the east must be dealt with immediately.
Free Honduras!
Honduras has long been under a 'Council of Revolutionaries', which has proved to be even more autocratic and dangerous than the previous military regime, and still holds our exiled military. We'll need to spread the revolution to them if we wish to ensure safety for ourselves and Central America.
Home of the Central American Revolution
Nicaragua is the first step of the Central American Revolution, and will try to expand its influence abroad to free the peoples of Central America.
Sequeira's Reforms
One of Sequeira's first actions as president has been to move to help the significant poor population within the country. He has started this with education reforms where he is trying to build local schools and decrease the illiteracy rate within the country.
Sequeira's Reforms
One of Sequeira's first actions of his new presidency has been to move to help the significant poor population within the country. He started this with education reforms where attempts began to build local schools and decrease illiteracy within the country. He has now begun the second part of his reforms. He is trying to allocate government funds and funds from the small upper class to the majority uneducated population.
Lingering American Influence
Despite Sandino's many attempts to throw away the United States influence, it still lingers about as the economy is heavily reliant on the United Fruit Company, that continues to loom over us like a hawk. As long as the United States is watching however, we cannot remove this shackle off our back for good.
Canadian investments
German investments
Moves Towards Autarky
While complete economic independence for Nicaragua is impossible without a true miracle, Sacasa has made minor moves to reduce our economic reliance on the United States and improve both our internal economy as well as our trade with other powers.
Mercenaries Rampant
With the United Fruit Company hiring a group of thugs in Eastern Nicaragua due to our nationalisation of their assets, this new mercenary army has begun to become rampant and causing chaos in the region. The people grow tired of this, and our army is constantly getting distracted by them.
Economic Backfire
The removal of the United Fruit Company from our country has left a very noticeable hole that will need to be filled if we wish to function properly as a country.
Agricultural Reliance
Our economy remains extremely reliant on our exports of agriculture, and will remain that way for the greater good of our nation.
Export Economy
Our economy has completely transitioned to an export based one, with a reliance on foreign powers buying our tropical cash crops that are hard for them to get otherwise. While this rakes in great profits, it could come back to haunt us if those countries should stop buying our products.
Export Profits
Our various exports are beginning to give us many profits.
Strikes
Strikes have begun across the nation in response to the occupation of Nicaragua, resulting in a loss of reputation of the ruling government.
Industrial Assistance for Nicaragua
Military Assistance for Nicaragua
Beginning of the Revolutionary Economy
The government has officially begun the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', where the main goal is to reform the industry, acquire new investors without allowing any to become too powerful, and generally increase the industry within Nicaragua itself. Naturally, the complete separation from the United States has begun to hurt the economy, but we could see an improvement in the long run.
Transition to the Revolutionary Economy
The government has officially begun the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', where the main goal is to reform the industry, acquire new investors without allowing any to become too powerful, and generally increase the industry within Nicaragua itself. Naturally, the complete separation from the United States has begun to hurt the economy, but we could see an improvement in the long run, but the transition itself has begun to go smoothly.
The Revolutionary Economy
The government has finished the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', with it ending rather well. Dependence on one country has been ended and replaced with reliance on several new trade partners. Domestic industry is growing, and the people are happy. The only thing that could harm us is another global economy crash, but that could never happen, right?
Agrarian Reform
We've begun to work on reforming our farming industry, with it making up most of our exports. This should help us and our economy in the long run, along with the people.
Economic Assistance
$OVERLORD$ has sent us economic assistance to help us recover from the occupation of our country.
Assisting Nicaragua
Due to our occupation of Nicaragua, we have sent them some economic aid to help them recover from the war.
Forced Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production is not being easy. We have started to subsidise small farmers that are taking the risk, but most remain sceptical.
Forced Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production is starting to give better results. The recent record profits of the new products have made more farmers willing to make the change.
Successful Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production has given us great results. Our exports have risen in variety, securing us from our previous dependency on fruit exports and our people can now enjoy the new low priced products that our diversification efforts have created.
Beef Profit
Coffee Profit
Sugar Profit
Banana Profit
Sandino's Resistance
With the fall of the previous revolutionary government, Sandino has retreated to the south for a second time and begun to resist the ruling government. He's attracted many to his cause and it is causing large problems for our government.\n§RWe will suffer periodic attacks from the Sandinistas.§!
Reopened Trade
$NIC_reopened_trade_2_desc$ It might take some time for countries to trust investing into us, however.
Reopened Trade
We have begun to revert the previous regimes efforts to close off trade with non-socialist countries, instead opting to refocus on a world-wide trade economy.
Attracting Foreign Companies
Foreign companies have begun to flood back into Nicaragua, wishing to recreate the monopolies they once held. This brings small benefits to us as well, especially in the infrastructure sector.
Expanding the Guardia Nacional
To ensure our country never falls to revolution again, we have begun to expand the Guardia Nacional to defend the nation from itself.
Political Repression
We've begun to put effort into suppressing other political parties, especially those outright dangerous to our government.
Free Press
The government is moving to establishing freedom of press within the country, allowing information to spread more freely compared to the Sandino presidency.
Formal Recruitment
The recent reestablishment of a more traditional recruitment system has also raised the standards for newly trained units.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It is currently small in size but steps can be taken to improve it.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It has been expanded slightly towards a doctrine of offence and conscription, with minor room for improvement.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. Due to Chamorro, it has moved towards a position of defence of the Nicaraguan people, with minor room for improvement.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It has been expanded slightly towards a doctrine of offence and conscription, along with the responsibility of suppressing resistance if we come to occupy other countries to spread democracy.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. Due to Chamorro, it has moved towards a defensive doctrine to better protect the Nicaraguan people, along with the responsibility of suppressing resistance if we come to occupy other countries to spread democracy.
Economic Ties
We have begun to establish economic ties with both neighbouring countries and foreign countries.
Foreign Economic Ties
Religious Zeal
Our troops have begun to be indoctrinated to fight in the name of God, inspiring them to try their hardest to free Central America to spread the message to others.
Inspired Youth
The fate of the future lies in the next generation, as they say. We have been trying harder to indoctrinate the youth to love their country and government, which in turn makes them want to serve us.
Transforming our Militia
Guerrilla warfare will not be of great help to quickly liberate our oppressed brothers. So we will have to train our armies to follow a more traditional warfare methods and combine both approaches to bring liberty to Central America.
For the Liberation of Central America
The occupation of Nicaragua by the United States Marines in 1926 ended in disaster as the liberal revolutionary general expelled them and set up his new 'Revolutionary Republic' within Nicaragua. It soon drifted towards a socialist attitude and underwent not insignificant development but it is not without its troubles. The expelling of large amounts of American companies has left a hole in the economy and the entire eastern side of the country is unofficially demilitarised after a stern warning of entering the region from the Americans. With the elections soon will Nicaragua's fate finally be changed?
GFX_NIC_intro
The New Republic of Nicaragua
The American occupation of Nicaragua and reinstallation of Adolfo Díaz effectively made Nicaragua an American puppet state. Fortunately, however, hope was not entirely lost. Liberals across the country rose in armed rebellion to topple the American puppet regime, and eventually succeeded when the fall of the capital forced Adolfo Díaz to flee to America. The new liberal regime however, brought very little change and continued to collaborate with the Americans under former Liberal revolutionary José María Moncada. The creation of a militarised national police force known as the 'National Guard' under Anastasio Somoza García with the help of United States Marines further cemented the continuation of the status quo.\n\nDissatisfied with the direction of the new government, several former liberal revolutionaries such as Juan Bautista Sacasa left the country. Others returned to armed revolt: the young Francisco Sequeira Moreno organised resistance in the north near the border with Honduras, while Augusto César Sandino launched an insurgency in the South. Harried by forces loyal to the regime, Sequeira's northern resistance of 400 men managed to retreat south and join with Sandino and his 300-man regiment. This new consolidated force slowly began to retreat into the southern jungles while gaining expertise in guerrilla warfare.\n\nHowever, this could not last forever. Increasingly desperate, Sandino fled to Mexico by plane in an attempt to elicit foreign support while Sequeira continued the fight. While in Mexico, Sandino met with Emiliano Zapata and the two found not only common ground, but even became fast friends. Further bolstered by materiel support from both the Commune of France and Union of Britain, Zapata personally accompanied Sandino back to Nicaragua along with a small force of Mexican volunteers.\n\nHis position improved, Sandino's domestic support began to grow massively, and his revolutionaries began to fight their way north. Once flagging morale boosted by Sandino's newfound success, Syndicalist protests erupted in the capital, and the approach of the revolutionary army led to the Marines' retreat to the country's east. The Americans judged the situation of the underdeveloped National Guard hopeless and the cost of the Marines continuing to hold the capital prohibitively high. Soon after, the 'Liberals' and their National Guard dogs escaped to Honduras, leaving the capital open to Sandino's final push. Along with this, Sacasa who retreated to Mexico due to his hate of the former government returned to help in the formation of the Revolutionary Government.
§MLiberal Revolution§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect the §lPartido de la Revolución Liberal§! in the elections.\n£white_dot 14 days after failing or completing the mission 'Free Honduras!', an event about the recruitment of Abelardo Cuadra will appear.\n£white_dot When the liberals are demanded to step down, have Sacasa refuse and have Sacasa and the liberals retain power after the clashes at the capital.\n£white_dot Or, follow the same steps as below, have Sacasa head straight for the capital and have the liberals take charge after the clashes at the capital.\n£white_dot A month after completing the focus \
$CEN_pre_guide$
Liberation Day
Today is the anniversary of the revolution which liberated our nation from the Americans and their lapdogs. While Sacasa and Sequeira were both involved in the revolution, Sandino is more widely credited for the revolution's success. Sandino's popularity has increased because of the celebrations, but to supporters of opposition parties, the day has only further their disdain for the man. They claim that this celebration with all its cult-like pomp and circumstance is 'Sandino trying to brainwash the population'
Central America is next.
Sacasa Travels Across the Country
With the recent celebrations of Liberation Day, Sandino and his supporters have a slight edge in popularity over the other parties. To counter this, Sacasa has begun a countrywide tour to meet with constituents in hopes of securing their vote come April. While so far, the campaign seems to have been a success, Sandino's supporters, known as 'Sandinistas', now claim that Sacasa is disrespecting the Liberation Day holiday and Sandino himself with this move. Some prominent Sandinistas have even called for violence against Sacasa himself.
These elections will be intense, it seems.
Sacasa Speaks Out
While abroad I had the pleasure of the company of many good natured men of influence, and the fortune to learn the fundamentals of good governance and political practice. I now realise that to attribute our present state of isolation to some global conspiracy would be foolish. The nations of the world, on the whole anyway, are good. We would be better served to stand together with those who would have us against the imperialist tendencies of the great powers of the world. The dream of the liberation of all Central America, and perhaps even the independence of Nicaragua itself, rests on our own willingness to employ greater moderation in our foreign policy. The present perversion of liberal thought in our nation is sad indeed, and I say here today, we must no longer turn our backs on destiny. Thank you!'\n\nFierce applause followed.
A complete 180 for the PRL!
'Sandinistas' Rise Up
With the spike in popularity of the PRL, Sandinista radicals have begun disrupting Liberal rallies in the capital in support of Sacasa. The violence has reached a breaking point with a protest shut down by the Revolutionary Guard in response to violence. These radicals are beginning to hurt Sandino's reputation as he has so far refused to take any action to stop these incidents. Some even hold suspicions that he is behind the violence. Sacasa for his part has taken advantage of the situation, stating that these acts of thuggery are representative of both Sandino and his base.
A tough blow for the revolutionary.
Sandino Speaks Up
Violence, even when committed in the name of a righteous cause, is unacceptable when directed against our own nation and people. The actions of those few who would lower themselves to such behaviour are slowly but surely ripping our country apart, distracting us from the true goal of spreading the revolution to Central America, and freeing our brethren around the world. I beseech all who have even a shred of dignity for a return to peace!'\n\nThe Sandinistas have ceased to engage in political violence.
A comeback for his reputation.
Sequeira's Yearly Visit
For four years now, Sequeira has been on a tour of the countryside and our nation's most isolated rural villages. Although the revolution has precipitated a significant rise in his social status, he remains a source of great pride and standard to aspire to for the peasantry who see him as one of their own. His popularity has risen slowly but steadily over the years thanks in part to his activity in the countryside, and he has now managed to position himself as a new compromise candidate between Sandino and Sacasa. The nation holds its breath in anticipation of his full entry in the race.
The people sure love relatable politicians.
Sequeira Speaks to Local Children
'You children will be our future, and must never forget that. Even if you do feel hopeless, you can carry on the revolution even if we fall. My intention is to always stand for you, the common people. Hell, back in the day, I couldn't read and there was no money, so I stand for the common man! That includes all of you, to ensure you won't have to live the same life I did! For a better Nicaragua and Central America!'\n\nLooks like Sequeira secured another village.
Well, that's another village for Sequeira.
The Second Election
At last this incessant campaigning is over, it's time for the elections to officially begin. Although it was at first predicted for Sandino to win the election easily, recently he has fallen in popularity and Sandino's rivals, Sacasa and Sequeira, have capitalised on the situation.\n\nSacasa primarily finds support among the small urban upper class and minor landowners due to the other two candidates' worrying redistribution policies. Sequeira's main base of support is the rural peasantry from which he himself originally hails. Finally, Sandino has a very mixed support base, which mainly consists of the youth and those who were involved in the revolution with him, resulting in his followers being very fervent in their belief of him. Everyone seems to have a chance this election, but the result ended up being...
Sandino keeps the mantle of president.
Sequeira charms the people and assumes the presidency.
The Liberal Revolution attracts the people and Sacasa is elected.
Sandinistas Rally in Managua
In what has been dubbed the 'Managua Rallies', over 500 Sandinistas have begun to protest in our capital. While it was not initially violent, a group of Sacasa supporters sparked backlash when they attempted to disrupt the protest and were forcefully expelled. One of them died and another was injured.\n\nSacasa has already denounced these protests, but unlike the last time, Sandino has not mentioned anything of it. Many are beginning to see this as the beginning to a new, long-lasting split, in our nation between Liberals and Socialists but Sacasa has claimed that he still intends to cooperate with Sandino. The unity of the revolutionary republic against our oppressors comes first, after all.
Sandino better not act out of line.
Juan Sacasa is Inaugurated
At 11 AM this morning, Juan Bautista Sacasa was officially inaugurated as the President of the Republic of Nicaragua. Sacasa mentioned many things during the ceremony, like how he still retains the intent of throwing off the yoke of the United States and ensuring the rest of Central America is freed as well. He also mentioned his desire to establish ties with the new rising powers of the world in order to escape pervasive American influence.\n\nThe main concern among the mainstream Socialist movement is his alignment towards liberalism rather than Socialism. While his supporters love the change, it is a worrying sign for the large peasantry in the country and the increasingly hostile Sandinistas. Sacasa will need to play his cards carefully if he wishes to appease the socialists and others within the country and to win over new supporters for future elections.
To a new future, Nicaragua!
The Peasantry Complain
The people of our nation's east have begun to complain of abuses carried out by the United Fruit Company. A sad reminder that while the revolution liberated the nation, some areas remain entrenched in the past. While moving fully against the company won't be possible while the United States is around, we will have to do something to appease the people in the region.\n\nOne of the more popular solutions is to work with Sequeira, who is loved by the eastern populous, to calm the people. However, there is the potential for such a move to backfire, transferring much of our government's authority to Sequeira. Of course, the situation there could very well change in the future, so perhaps a simple reassurance could prove sufficient in spite of the risk of backlash from the affected population.
Sequeira knows the people well, he can assist.
They'll need to be patient.
People Lack Confidence in the Government
Our reliance on Sequeira to calm the eastern populace has borne fruit, with Sequeira and his PCN growing more popular by the day as a result. While this has turned out good for him and the country overall, it has severely decreased our popularity among the general populous who are beginning to see us as weak due to our reliance on outside individuals to deal with our problems. We'll need to prove them wrong sometime in the future through decisive action and proof of our independence from others. When we will have an opportunity to accomplish this in the eyes of the people, however, is anyone's guess.
We just wanted to please the people...
The Situation Slowly Improves
Our lukewarm reaction to complaints of abuse from the east has driven the people there further into the arms of Sequeira, who has already travelled back to the area to assist the locals. What little support we had in the area has been reduced to nothing; the region is now entirely behind Sequeira.\n\nWorryingly, due to increased agitation by the Sandinistas in the capital, we are currently unable to respond and salvage some modicum of face. We must be more careful in the future.
Sequeira's popularity grows...
Sandino Speaks on Socialism
Sandino has decided to speak in the city of León, the second most populous city in our country to attract supporters. The speech itself summarised a lot of his thoughts, like the importance of religion in the revolution and his association with individuals from Mexico. The second half of the speech touched on a most sensitive matter, the growing divides between the socialist and liberals within the country. According to him, 'What was once thought to be very similar is now proving to be very different in practice. I can only hope this is addressed in the future to help safeguard the future of Nicaragua and the revolution'. Of course freeing Central America comes first to Sandino before personal ambition, right?
Liberalism and Socialism are one and the same, no?
Establishing New Relations
With the Liberal focus on economic self-reliance and separation from the United States, we've come across a roadblock. The economic conditions in Nicaragua will always require it to partially rely on one power, so our only option until the revolution can be fully carried out is to establish economic bonds with new nations to remove American influence.\n\nOne possible option is Germany, who already has a large amount of influence in our neighbour to the south, Costa Rica, and have proved to be valuable investors in that nation. Much like the Yankee, however, the Germans would aim to make us reliant on them completely, so asking them for help might not advance our self-sufficiency as much as another possible option, the Dominion of Canada. They are, however, very focused on stopping the spread of syndicalism in the Americas, so we may face some diplomatic pressure to liberalise slightly.
Germany can help us stand internationally.
Canada can help us remain safe in America.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wants to Increase Ties
The Nicaraguan ambassador has recently come to us with a deal. In an attempt to escape American influence, they want to open up new trade deals with our country along with diplomatic ties. This investment could bring numerous advantages in the future, with the variety of cash crops in Nicaragua mainly being exported to us instead of the United States.
Hooray to our new friends!
Central America is America's domain.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees!
[From.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to our deal. While many do celebrate our breaking of ties with our overbearing northern neighbour, many within our government worry that establishing ties with another reactionary power in [From.GetNameDefCap] could possibly let our nation fall back into imperialist subjugation.
Hopefully this will erode American influence.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
[From.GetNameDefCap] has refused our offer for increased ties between our nations, claiming that “doing so would strain ties with the United States, which is undesirable.” This has brought great flak towards Sacasa and his presidency, and some have claimed that the current government are 'American pigs'. Revolutionary fervour is high, and people are beginning to speak of a revolution against the revolution.
America still watches closely, and so do our people.
Sandino and Sequeira Organise
Both Sandino and Sequeira have met in León which has become a mini hub of operations for them. The announcement once out of the meeting has made it known that the Frente de Soberanía Nacional and the Partido Campesino de Nicaragua will have increased cooperation in a hope to help one or the other win the next election and sideline the liberals. Whether or not this will work is yet to be seen, but it's something we'll need to keep a close eye on.
Hooray?
The New Sandinistas
Sandino has begun making attempts to 'tame' the Sandinistas as of late into an organised force ready to fight and liberate Central America. While he has only managed to organise them and they are still in training, he has begun scheduled exercises with them, and claims they'll be ready to deploy in a month. While this is good news for the army, this could bring trouble if Sandino tries something in the future. To our slight advantage, this has been seen as a sign of weakness by a small amount of their supporters and have begun to support Sacasa instead.
We'll allow it, for the sake of the revolution.
We can't afford that risk.
Francisco Sequeira Moreno is Inaugurated
Today at 12:06, Francisco Sequeira Moreno has been Inaugurated as the 2nd president of our new Nicaraguan Republic. Large crowds appeared for this event, with some travelling across the country just to see the event in-person. Sequeira has promised to lead Nicaragua into a new direction, one for the lower man, one for the forgotten much like himself.
A new day for the lower class.
Peasants Celebrate in León
Despite not much being done so far in Sequeira's first term as president so far, a large amount of people in León have gathered to celebrate their hero. Sequeira has had a very consistent base of support in the administrative district due to that being where his guerrilla resistance began, and is seen as a symbol to the northern people. Sequeira hasn't commented on the event so far to avoid allegations from people with differing political opinions claiming he is trying to create a cult around himself.
People don't forget their heroes.
Complaints about Wealth Distribution
The small but very vocal citizens who manage to make a decent living for themselves have begun to complain about the wealth distribution policies. Considering they are already barely scraping by in their day to day lives, this is going to deeply affect them and possibly move more of our citizens to a lower class. This is a concern that will need to be answered if we wish to move forward with our policies into the future.
We'll stay on the course.
We'll try to satisfy their needs.
Liberal Protests
The decision to keep moving forward with our wealth distribution policies has had the already predicted effect of hurting the people who were making a decent living in Nicaragua. People from around the country have taken up to the street in protest, while the lower class holds counter protests in reaction. Those affected have claimed to be 'Betrayed by Socialism' and have slowly dropped out of their support of the president, and have begun to prefer Sacasa as a presidential candidate.\n\nThis has put Sequeira in quite a precarious situation. While he still retains his large support base among the rural class, he has further alienated those who weren't big appreciators of Socialism into full on Liberal supporters. Sequeira hopes to regain their trust in him overtime, but it is a grim looking situation for the FSN overall.
We just can't satisfy everyone.
Complaints from Chinandega
Chinandega has been a very consistent support base for Sequeira even during the first election, where he manages to secure over 80% of the vote in the district. This is all due to his fighting operations in the north shifting to Chinandega after he was kicked out of León. The people appreciate him and what he stands for immensely, or at least they used to.\n\nChinandega has recently seen a worrying drop in support for Chinandega due to the weaker distribution policy he enacted. What used to be 80% towards Sequeira has crashed down to 40%, with many of the new votes going to the other popular socialist candidate, Sandino. While Sequeira and Sandino are on good terms and generally respect each other, it hurts Sequeira deeply to say the people who once regarded him as a hero to turn on him like this.
They were so loyal too...
School Construction
The recent education project Sequeira has enforced has begun to reap its fruits, with the first school officially being finished as a result. Known as the 'Spanish School of Nicaragua', it is meant to serve as a starting point for the education system in Nicaragua, with the goal of letting people learn how to read and write in a basic sense.
For a literate future!
Sequeira and Sandino Meet
Sequeira and Sandino have begun a meeting in León today. Not many know the reason for this, but some have heard rumours of an attempted coalition party between the two in order for the country to truly be prepared for the liberation of Central America. Sacasa and his supporter base have deep worries about this news, as a merging of the parties could result in his chances of winning any future elections being slim to completely none.
We'll see in the future.
Sacasa and Sandino Congratulate Sequeira
The Inauguration of Sequeira was met with generally good reception, with even the opposing candidates Sacasa and Sandino congratulating him on the event. Sacasa was cited saying he is a 'Truly respectable figure' and Sandino saying 'He'll always be my partner in crime'. The general approval of Sequeira even among Sandino and Sacasa supporters has grown as a result, and many think Sequeira has a bright future ahead of him.
A truly great Republic.
Sequeira's Drinking Problem
Sequeira barged into a government meeting 30 minutes late today regarding complaints around certain opposition towards the wealth distribution policies. As he sat down, he nearly tumbled over before managing to secure himself on his seat. He ended up yelling at multiple people during the meeting (Even if he agreed with them), passing out three times, and nearly barfing once.\n\nIt was later learned that Sequeira had arrived at the meeting extremely drunk. Sequeira has had a drinking problem ever since his times as a guerrilla fighter, something everyone thought he overcame after the revolution and his entrance into politics. Many predict that the stress of the position he is in is starting weigh down on him, but he has promised to never do something like this ever again.
Hopefully it's just a phase.
The Sandinistas Organise a Celebration
Sandino's election saw immediate reaction among his loyal Sandinistas, with a huge celebration taking place in the capital. Surprisingly enough for the Sandinistas, the celebration lacked extreme violence like their other protests and celebrations in the past. Sandino and others have described this as a 'step towards peace in Nicaragua, and the revolution'. Many are distrusting of this however, thinking this is a facade to make a forgiving organisation despite their violence.
Maybe this is a transition towards peace?
Sandino's Inauguration
Sandino's inauguration has occurred today with the most noticeable people arriving being Sequeira, who congratulated Sandino on his victory in the election. The other was the presence of the Sandinistas, whose constant screaming and celebration were seen as mildly disruptive towards the event. Something everyone noticed however was Sacasa not arriving at all or even issuing a statement, which has suddenly caused some extreme divides between the Socialist and Liberal camps in Nicaragua. But who knows, maybe he just forgot...?
The status-quo has been kept.
Sandino Meets with the Sandinistas
Sandino has summoned a 'meeting' with the Sandinistas in León, with many of the known heads of the Sandinistas attending. What they thought was going to be congratulations for their achievements towards Sandino's campaign turned out to be rather severe ridicule over their violent actions that hurt Sandino's reputation during his campaign. This struck hard among his supporters, with Sandino directly citing them as turning into a group of thugs. The head Sandinistas left looking depressed, but rumours have begun to circulate of the Sandinistas attempting to organise into a more concise and less violent group.
A small step back for a big step forward.
Liberal Protests
The fears of Sacasa not attending the inauguration have been met, with a Liberal protest being held in Matagalpa over the lack of troop presence in the region. The region has long been locked off by our troops due to the United States watchful eye and the people are still under harsh American influence. The people want us to officially march into the region and remove the Americans, but that obviously isn't an option. We are left with two choices, ignore the protest or declare it illegal to calm the region.
We'll have to allow this to continue.
Declare the protest illegal.
The 'Socialist Meeting'
Both Sandino and Sequeira have met up to discuss the recent Liberal protests in Matagalpa, which some believe has been orchestrated by Sacasa and his PRL itself. Many things were brought up, with even the idea of banning the PRL being spoken of, but was quickly shot down. In the end they both agreed to demand an explanation from Sacasa, with any subsequent actions depending on his response.
A sudden drift for the nation.
The Liberal Split
Facing popular demand for a statement, Sacasa has delivered a message to the people and his followers. His response declared the Liberal Revolution all but dead in Nicaragua and his intent to resign from politics due to what he sees as a 'Socialist Country in the making, forgetting its original goals'. Many have rallied behind him, refusing to participate in future elections unless the situation is dealt with. Sandino's reaction has been less than pleased, as the republic once seen as revolutionary fails before his very eyes.
The divides are beginning to show but the revolution comes first.
Sandinistas Tamed
In reaction to the split of the Liberal section of the Republic, Sandino has begun to pool his efforts into 'taming' the Sandinistas. Turning them into a small, and at this moment unorganised military force meant to disrupt enemies as the actual army advances. Many worry about what exactly these troops will be doing when not watched by others due to their reputation, but Sandino has assured the populace that they will be kept in line. “They shall prove themselves to be key in our spread of the revolution and the light of God to Central America”, claims Sandino.
In reaction to the Sandinistas violent and shameful meeting, Sandino has begun to pool his efforts into 'taming' the Sandinistas. Turning them into a small, and at this moment unorganised military force meant to disrupt enemies as the actual army advances. Many worry about what exactly these troops will be doing when not watched by others due to their reputation, but Sandino has assured the populace that they will be kept in line. “They shall prove themselves to be key in our spread of the revolution and the light of God to Central America”, claims Sandino.
Let's hope they'll be kept in line.
Sandinistas Almost March East
Despite what Sandino said, at noon today the Sandinistas army attempted to march east into the unofficially demilitarised zone set up by America. Luckily the actual army managed to stop them before it was too late, but this could have possibly ended with us in a conflict with America. We'll have to keep a closer eye on these troops from now on, unless we want more close calls like this in the future. After all, poking Uncle Sam is not optimal right now with the growing political divides within the nation. We will have to wait until later, despite the Sandinistas' wishes.
Bunch of rabble-rousers...
American Unrest Grows
With the recent elections in America, many have noted the rapidly increasing unrest within the United States. From protests to internal political strife, many are predicting the fall of the giant who has oppressed our people for so long and this provides us with a golden opportunity. The long locked off region of Eastern Nicaragua is now ripe for the taking, with us now having the ability to seize the lands for ourselves and rid our country of imperialist influence once and for all. The people have already begun to celebrate. It is time to secure our country!
First our east,...
American Chaos
It has begun. The growing unrest in the United States has officially erupted, with the American giant completely collapsing upon itself. The status quo of the region is also quickly falling apart without the watch of the giant and in this chaos, 'aligning' our northern neighbour is our first priority. Combined, we will be able to stand up to El Salvador and Guatermala's massive population and industry and bring a new age of liberty to the region.
...next, Central America!
Liberal Camp Unrest
As the invasion of Honduras has begun, many liberals have unexpectedly begun to protest the invasion and spread of the revolution. Claiming that Honduras has managed to transform itself into a peaceful liberal democracy, and the unnecessary shedding of Nicaraguan blood and guns on those who align with us. Many sources lead to the one behind these protests being Sacasa himself, who is organising this in an attempt to try and gain the presidency for himself as an attempt to 'Sideline liberalism in favour of socialism'.
Such foolishness.
Socialist Camp Unrest
As the invasion of Honduras begins, many socialists are completely distressed over the move itself. What was originally thought as an attempt to free Honduras has transformed into an attempt to sideline socialism in Central America in favour of Liberalism. As many realised, the old guard in Honduras was removed in favour of a popular socialist government, making people feel like it's an indirect clamp down from the liberal side of things. The most outspoken about this problem and the divides within the republic has been Sandino himself, who has been rumoured to begin a personal recruitment campaign for Sandinistas in case of a 'liberal betrayal'.
He is being paranoid.
The Recruitment of Abelardo Cuadra
Abdelardo Cuadra. Cuadra is known by many within Nicaragua for siding with the National Guard and the Americans during Sandino's resistance, but as a hired fighter. He's been very controversial as he was allowed to stay in Nicaragua despite his resistance against Sandino, claiming he was just trying to scrape by during the hard situation, and the Americans came knocking. Sandino's disdain for him has made him much more attracted towards the liberal camp as a mini attempt of resistance for Sandino.\n\nWhat wasn't expected however was for him to be officially hired today by Sacasa himself to help reorganise the military to a more professional structure. This has faced immediate backlash from the socialist camp, with unrest sure to rise further.
A necessary step.
Minor Protests from the Socialist Camp
Major Protests from the Socialist Camp
The hiring of Cuadra has actually had less backlash then expected from the socialist side of things. Despite some very minor unrest, they have largely failed to organise an organised movement in response to it. Some on the liberal side point to this occurrence happening due to our successful liberation of Honduras, which helped to immensely raise confidence in the government. Despite our success, we'll need to keep an eye on the situation to make sure it doesn't make to organise and grow.
The hiring of Cuadra has caused an extreme reaction from the socialist camp, with the move being seen as desperate from Sacasa due to the failure in Honduras, and ensure the stability of his regime. Really, this rumour is not entirely false as the Liberals have seen a sharp decline in popularity since the loss, and will manage to hold on by a miracle if these protests manage to grow any bigger.
A possible calm before the storm?
Sandino Endorses the Socialists
The Socialist Camp Unites
In a more shocking move, Sandino has decided to officially support the socialists, declaring the current government illegitimate, against the revolution, and a threat to the principles of the revolutionary democracy. This is seen as a desperate move from Sandino's side, as Sacasa's approval rating has managed to see an increase since the victory in Honduras. While the socialists still number many, most seem to think they'll fail to pose a real threat, especially since Sequeira hasn't announced his support for the cause either.
It seems both Sequeira and Sandino have put their backing towards the growing socialist and anti-liberal movement. Both of their support has largely managed to unify the socialist sphere of politics against the common enemy, Sacasa and his liberal section of the government. This entirely new and unseen threat has put the ruling government in great danger, with many thinking its time is limited and the dawn of a truly socialist revolution will soon be upon us.
Seems the time has come.
Sequeira's Neutrality
Despite what Sandino initially assumed would be direct intervention from Sequeira's side of the pond, Sequeira has seemingly left Sandino for dirt as he is forced to resist on his own against the liberal ruling government. All he got was a meagre letter wishing him luck in his ambitions, and a summary of what is the equivalent to Sequeira's resignation from politics. His followers seemed to have follow stead, really avoiding supporting either side with the dawn of the loss of their leader and figurehead for the future.
Convenient for us.
Outright Revolt Begins
The combination of both Sandino and Sequeira's forces has stuck our government in a rough situation to put it lightly. The fade of liberal support following the failed attempt in Honduras was already a worrying enough sign, but it seems the inner hatred towards the government has finally been released among the people. Many have taken to the streets against the government in the wish of deposing us in favour of Sandino and Sequeira, with violence breaking out on the streets as a result of Sandino's Sandinistas. Nicaragua has just become a much more dangerous place.
Are we really that hated?
Liberals Demanded to Step Down
It seems Sandino and his Sandinistas has officially demanded that the ruling government step down immediately and favour Sandino as president. Our government currently has a very strong grip on the country, with the majority of the people believing in it and the socialists becoming more and more of a fringe cause, so many are telling us to just ignore the demands in order to remove the threat of socialism once and for all.
It seems the socialist camp in the country has together demanded that the ruling government and specifically Sacasa step down in favour of a temporary socialist coalition with new elections being held a month after. The threat of socialism has managed to attract many, with some of our government officials advising we step down peacefully before the violence escalates further, while hardliners believe we must resist to the last in order to safeguard liberalism and the future of our nation.
Sacasa agrees to step down.
Sacasa refuses the demands.
The Socialist March
The socialists have officially begun to march on the capital in an attempt to try and remove Sacasa from the presidency by force. While if we handle the situation correctly the country should be fine, but we have no clue how much traction this will cause. We will need to be prepared for the worst case scenario if it comes to that.
Is this left unity?
Clash at the Capital
It seems as predicted that the march has not gained much for traction from when it started, with only a few in the capital itself joining Sandino's desperate cause. The military should be able to suppress the final mouthpiece of resistance fine, but the previous month of suppression seem to reaching their minds, with whispers of defection lying about. It would only take one spark to possibly ignite the powder-keg that leads to our fall.
The socialists have gained a steep advantage in the capital, with their side being entrenched and a stalemate occurring between us and them. The army has quickly become exhausted from not only the previous month of suppression and this certainly hasn't helped. The people within the capital predict a mutiny within the army stemming into defection a high likelihood in order to end this standoff once and for all, but only the future knows what will occur.
Sacasa and the liberals retain power.
The army defects, and the socialists triumph.
Changes in Nicaragua!
Shocking news! In Nicaragua, Sandino and his men have managed to take control over the control once again, sidelining President Sacasa! He has fled to our country, leaving us to fend for ourselves due to the changes. A sense of instability has washed over parts of the nation, causing our government to be more careful in its actions in order to not upset the very gentle balance.
Dire news indeed.
Former President Emiliano Chamorro Vargas
In a move to establish true democracy, Sacasa has invited formally exiled president Emiliano Chamorro Vargas back to Nicaragua. Chamorro is technically the start of the 1926 revolution, as he couped the elected president, causing him to be deposed by the United States and putting Adolfo Díaz in power. Sacasa served as vice-president during this, causing him to have good relations with Chamorro. Sacasa's main worry since his revolution is people thinking he is leading a dictatorship due to the lack of an opposition party and the people turning on him, so a small amount of opposition would increase his opinion among the people.
Hopefully this will ensure democracy.
Fresh Elections Announced
Sacasa today has announced new elections in a month following the recent revolution. So far, the political chances of Sacasa being removed from the presidency seem minimal to none, but the invitation of Chamorro to the country could see a shakeup to the current liberal dominance within the country.
May the best man win.
Conservative Party Reformed
The invitation of Chamorro to the country has had somewhat predictable results, as he has to decided to reform the Conservative Party from the '20s under his leadership as a bid for the presidency. The party includes some former presidents and those who opposed Sandino during the revolution. So far the party has gotten moderate response from those who hold a grudge against Sacasa for the removal of the socialists and small traction in the capital. The chances of them winning the election are not the highest, but a turnaround in attitude could easily occur depending on how each party campaigns.
We'll see.
Party Campaigning
Both the Conservative and Liberal parties have been trying their best to campaign in order to win the election, going around to the multiple departments in order to convince the populace to vote. Many have noted the conservatives putting extra effort into this front due to their view as the underdog party, but there is always a chance their campaigning could fall onto the deaf ears of the populace.
Election season is always fun.
The [GETYEAR] Election
It is finally time for the long foreseen elections in Nicaragua, with the two parties that have managed to gain the most traction among the people being the Liberal Party and the Conservative Party, both campaigning their hardest in order to ensure the people vote for them this time around. As the ballots begin to close, the winner of the elections is...
The Liberal Party!
The Conservative Party!
The New National Guard
In response to the lack of a professionalised military following the revolution back in the early '30s, Abelardo Cuadra has begun to form a new National Guard based off the American format. As someone formally apart of the National Guard, Cuadra's new guard has been watched over by the president to ensure it doesn't get involved in politics like the military forces in other countries, while also ensuring it remains large enough to defend the country. So far its development has gone well, making the people feel safe against foreign powers while also knowing their democracy is secured.
Great!
Disputes in the Guard
As the guard continues to grow and develop, Chamorro has found himself getting increasingly involved within it following his loss in the election, wanting to contribute something to the country. This has led to disputes between the current head of the guard Cuadra and Chamorro himself on the direction to take it. Cuadra wants it to be a strong, offensive force built upon trying to overthrow the dictatorships within America while Chamorro wants to make it a force built upon defending Nicaragua and its people. Due to the very little common ground between them, we'll have to side with one over the other.
Cuadra is completely right.
Chamorro knows what Nicaragua needs.
Nicaragua Wants to Further Ties
Nicaragua has possessed an interest in furthering its ties with other countries in order to ensure its safety and economic development. Investing in them can bring some profit to us as well through an increase of exports from their country such as cash crops and other things they have to offer like cattle.
Sure thing.
We'll have to pass.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] has agreed to increase economic ties and cooperation between both of our country. We've received some minor aid for economic development which should help make Nicaragua grow and prosper as a country.
Great!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] have decided against increased economic ties and cooperation between both of our country. We'll be needing to look towards new partners and allies in the region into the future if we wish to not remain isolated diplomatically and economically.
We'll need to look further.
The Fate of Sequeira
Sequeira, unlike Sandino, decided to try to avoid direct conflict with us due to our immense influence during the Liberal Split. Despite his neutrality, he still diplomatically supported Sandino's side in the conflict and must be dealt with accordingly. He is still loved among a lot of the lower populous despite his cowardice, so we'll need to tread carefully. He could just block him off from politics and leave it at that, but he could prove dangerous. It might be necessary to expel him from the country entirely which will cause some instability, but will prevent him from making a move again.
He can do no harm, just block him form politics.
He's too dangerous, expel him.
Sacasa 'Resigns' from Politics
In a weirder set of moves, Sacasa has officially resigned from politics siting his reasons being the devolution of true democracy and a drift towards socialist democracy. This came as unexpected to Sequeira, as he has had little to no problems with Sacasa in the past. Many from Sandino's side predict this as him preparing to try something uncanny in the future, and that more cooperation between the socialist camps is required to prepare for this. But surely, he must just be paranoid, right?
A bit suspicious.
Movements from Sacasa
After Sacasa resigned from politics back in 1936, he's been noted for doing exceptionally little since then, or at least we thought. People have begun to note him meeting with many opposition leaders to Sandino's government, spending on personal guards, and other things. While he hasn't tried anything yet, people have suggested we keep an extremely close eye on him and try to establish further ties with Sequeira just in case the worst occurs.
What could he be up to?
Sacasa Hires Abdelardo Caudra
As we've been keeping a closer eye on Sacasa, he has recently hired mercenary general Abdelardo Cuadra as a personal general and guard. This wouldn't be the worst under normal circumstances, but Caudra is a more controversial figure. He directly served the Guardia Nacional during the civil war, fighting Sandino's forces many times. He wasn't kicked from Nicaragua due to him not having any real loyalty to the Guardia and defecting last second. He is known for still not liking Sandino or Sequeira much after all that has happened, so Sacasa's hiring of him has been seen as extremely controversial.
Keep a closer eye on him.
Sacasa Declares our Government 'Undemocratic'
It seems Sacasa has finally begun to make his move against the government, officially calling out the government in Matagalpa, claiming we are sidelining democratic liberties and throwing away the revolutionary republic in exchange for a socialist one. Of course, these claims are ludicrous, but some have actually begun to leave the socialist government and favour Sacasa after the claim. A potential crisis could be under way, but we'll need to wait longer to see the full reaction of the people.
A true villain in disguise.
An Unexpected Result
It seems Sacasa's resistance has fallen on completely deaf ears, with almost no one joining him in his cause and even the small mercenary groups outright refusing his offers. Many attribute this to the success in Honduras raising confidence in the government by a marginal amount. Never the less, Sacasa has since retreated from the country out of embarrassment, leaving us secured in power.
Well, that was simple.
Sacasa's Mercenary Army
Sacasa has begun to organise a mercenary army of disgruntled former Guardia Nacional members and veterans of the army before the occupation who dislike the new system of government. So far Sacasa's support among the people has been alarmingly high as well, especially among the Miskito people in the east who wish to Sacasa in power.\n\nSacasa has been left with two choices, trying to secure the eastern countryside and setup a base of resistance from there, or move to the capital immediately in an attempt to secure the presidency for himself. Either could work, but his choice turns out to be...
Sacasa has begun to organise a mercenary army of disgruntled former Guardia Nacional members and veterans of the army before the occupation who dislike the new system of government. So far Sacasa's support among the people has been moderate, while only securing major support from small section of people in the west and capital, and his eastern support being almost non-existent...\n\nSacasa has been left with two choices, trying to secure the eastern countryside and setup a base of resistance from there, or move to the capital immediately in an attempt to secure the presidency for himself. Either could work, but his choice turns out to be...
Sacasa moves to secure the eastern countryside.
Sacasa heads straight for the capital.
Sacasa's Failure
Despite his almost non-existent support of people in the east, Sacasa's first objective was to secure the majority of the eastern countryside for himself. As most expected, this did not turn out as planned at all for him. His already small band of forces were fiercely resisted by the people and his army quickly became demoralised. Having enough of this, his army turned on him, forcing him to take his few still loyal soldiers and retreat to Costa Rica. His leftover legacy has been destroyed roads and railways in the already hardly industrialised east caused by the sheer chaos of the event.
Foolish move on his part.
East Versus West
As Sacasa moved through the countryside, he managed to gain support from a decent amount of villages who held disdain for Sandino. The main point of trouble was towards the Sequeira supporting villages who resisted significantly, but were handled properly. Nicaragua has effectively been split east and west, with minor conflicts near the capital. The people on both sides are beginning to get restless. It will only take one spark in either side for the sides to completely turn.
Tensions explode in the west! The people defect to Sacasa.
Unrest in the east explodes! Mercenaries rebel and Sacasa is defeated.
Clash at the Capital
Sacasa's move to charge straight towards the capital has seen enormous success, having people rallying in the streets, calling the socialists 'Traitors to the revolution' and multiple people within the army defecting. By the time he reached the capital, many were protesting outside the building claiming that 'Honduras would be free if it wouldn't be for the socialists'. Seeing how the tides were changing before Sacasa even arrived, both Sequeira and Sandino have both left the country before things escalated into violence against them and others. No one knows where they have went, only that they still remain within Central America itself, most likely in a country accepting of them, waiting for their chance to return.
Sacasa's advance has quickly become contested with the streets of the capital being littered with brawling between Sacasa's few liberal supporters and socialist supporters within the capital. Many predict that Sacasa is not going to be coming out on top here due to lower overall support in the country and the slow belittlement of his troops, but tides in the capital could change.
The liberals take charge!
Sacasa is expelled from the country.
New Elections
Today Sequeira has announced new elections following the shakeup of the Liberal split, with the only parties actually managing to prove themselves capable of winning the elections turning out to be Frente de Soberanía Nacional and the Partido Campesino de Nicaragua, both led by prominent socialists. Some have cited this as Sacasa's fear of a socialist democracy coming true.
Today Sandino has announced new elections following the shakeup of the Liberal split, with the only parties actually managing to prove themselves capable of winning the elections turning out to be Frente de Soberanía Nacional and the Partido Campesino de Nicaragua, both led by prominent socialists. Some have cited this as Sacasa's fear of a socialist democracy coming true.
It will be an intense race.
Liberals Move Towards Sequeira
While many of the previous Sacasa supporters have adopted boycotting the election in response to the previous expulsion of Sacasa, some of the middle class supporters of his have slowly begun to drift towards Sequeira coming these elections. This has provided Sequeira with a significant boost in general approval towards the populace, increasing his chance of winning the election.
An interesting turn.
Massive Sandinistas Rally
Seemingly as a direct response to Sequeira's liberal drift, Sandino has directly collaborated with the Sandinistas in order to organise a rally. The rally paraded throughout the streets of Matagalpa, with festivities for everyone. This has helped turn around the situation for Sandino, with many seeing the election being highly contested between the two.
Sandinistas sure have changed.
The [GETYEAR] Election
This year's elections have finally come, with Sandino and Sequeira going head to head against each other, with Sandino having a broad base of support and Sequeira managing to attract some of the former liberals to see his cause in a new light. Victory could be anyone's guess, but it turns out to be...
The Frente de Soberanía Nacional comes on top!
The Partido Campesino de Nicaragua slides into victory!
The [GETYEAR] Election
Following Sandino's single handed liberation of the capital and country, these new elections Sandino announced were just as anti-climactic as many expected from it. With the only real party being the Frente de Soberanía Nacional, Sandino crushingly won the election as expected. While people are happy to be free from the influence of others many are thinking, is this the beginning of a new dictatorship?
Predictably, Sandino comes out on top.
Nicaragua Needs Assistance
Nicaragua in preparation for the final liberation of the rest of Central America has requested a shipment of guns from us. If Nicaragua and the other socialists do manage to come on top, it could bring great benefits to the socialist cause through cash crops and other resources.
Send them what they need.
We have our own conflict to worry about.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sends their Support
Thankfully, [From.GetNameDef] has sent their full support towards our cause. These weapons will prove extremely useful in the liberation of the rest of Central America.
We thank them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Support
Worried about an upcoming conflict with the Germans, [From.GetNameDefCap] has decided against giving us the weapons we require. We'll have to fend on our own, but of course we'll still come out on top in the end.
A shame.
Patrol Raided
A patrol in the south of the country made of a small regiment of 300 men has apparently been raided by Sandino's troops. The total amount of loses so far is unknown as the clash is still going on, however it is predicted to be a bloody battle with heavy losses on both sides. We'll need to hope and pray that the entire patrol won't be destroyed during the raid, but it will all depend on the performance of the troops.
Hopefully the patrol survived...
Industry Damaged
Reports have sprung up from both the south and west that the Sandinistas have begun to raid multiple locations across the country. We are still gathering the exact information of what was damaged, but there is a high likelihood that the transportation systems were damaged, with also small reports of civilian and military industry being hurt by these raids as well. We'll have to see the overall damage once a full report is made on the incident.
Where is that report?
Strikes Across the Nation
Sandino's resistance has begun to inspire many, with strikes beginning to sweep across the nation as a result. Many have begun to proclaim themselves 'Sandinistas' as well and openly resisted the need to work for the state. Due to our high military presence, we could easily send our troops nation-wide to crush them before they get popular, or we could let the strikes pass to possibly create a small amount of sympathy for the government.
Damn it all, send the Guardia.
Let them resist.
Protests in the Capital
Tensions have exploded today in the capital as a small group of protestors made up of 5 people were shot by the Guardia Nacional, against the wishes of their general. This has erupted into increased resistance against the government, with many leaving their work in the capital to protest the ruling government. This has brought an overall decrease to the already low popularity of our government.
Things really aren't going our way.
Gun Storage Raided
One of our many storages for weapons has been raided today by Sandino and his Sandinistas. Despite the Guardia's best efforts to catch them before they could escape, they managed to slip through with only 2 of their men dying. The group is now busy checking the number of guns that were managed to be lost, but it is predicted to not be much. But predictions could always be wrong...
Better not be too much.
The Resistance Rises in Popularity
Despite our best efforts, Sandino's southern resistance has begun to grow across the nation, especially in the east of the country. Day by day, more take to the streets against what they claim is a government not by Nicaraguans. The government is beginning to worry that we can only hold our position in power by sending our men for so long, and that a popular revolution might be inevitable. Of course, it's our job this doesn't happen and to keep the country safe from the clutches of Syndicalism.
Further suppression is required!
Sandino's Resistance Shrinks
Due to our efforts, Sandino's resistance against the ruling government has temporarily been halted. Our successful manoeuvring and superior firepower compared to the dastardly rebels has managed to slowly overwhelm them, shrinking the people's support of him nation-wide as they begin to feel that they are supporting a lost cause. If we keep this up, we could see a complete halt to Sandino's resistance soon enough.
Forward, to victory!
Crushing the Resistance
Sandino's fierce resistance in the south is something that must be dealt with immediately before it spreads across the entire nation, overwhelming our country. However, certain figures within the government have begun to debate over just how far we should go. Some believe that suppressing too far will just end up with more flocking over to Sandino's cause, while some believe that not pushing far enough will make people begin to see weakness in the government. This is a delicate issue that will need to be treaded carefully if we want to see the end to the unrest plaguing the country.
Light suppression should get the job done.
A moderate amount will do the trick.
Go big or go home, total Guardia watch.
Nicaragua Requires Guns
The provisional government within Nicaragua has officially begun to make moves against the Sandinistas in the south of their country. However, the overall suppression of these movements has required more guns and equipment than expected, and they have petitioned us to give them supplies to secure their country from the threat of Socialism. Not sending the supplies could result in the worse for our and their country if we're not careful, so it would be wise to listen to their request.
Crushing the resistance is necessary.
That is no affair of ours.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Delivered Supplies
Thankfully, [FROM.GetAdjective] has sent supplies just like we asked. It's an overall amount of 500 guns, with should be more than enough to crush the rebellious scum plaguing our country and people. The news of the shipment arriving in the first place has made Sandino see a drop in support, as his troops become demoralised over our superior manpower and weaponry.
More to crush the revolutionaries.
[FROM.GetAdjective] has Refused
It seems [FROM.GetAdjective] has refused our request for equipment to help suppress Sandino and his revolutionaries. Their official reasoning is that they think we are more than capable of fighting them off by our lonesome, and that further assistance won't be necessary. Of course, we'll see how correct their assumption is in the future depending on how the future plays out.
We'll continue the fight on our own.
Positioning the Guardia
The Guardia Nacional created by Somoza himself has officially been recreated after its destruction in 1932. Currently composed of 3000 Nicaraguans, they stand ready to serve the nation and defend it from the threat of Sandino and his traitors, the people who wish to destroy our great nation. However, where we will position them to deal with traitors is another question. The people in the east are known to be somewhat upset over our regime, while Sandino's rebels still rage on in the south. One of the more popular suggestions have been to position them in the capital to keep the recent protests and strikes down, which could lower Sandino's overall support.
Send them straight to Sandino.
Have them patrol the west.
They should control resistance in the capital.
The Guardia Fails
Our decision to deploy the Guardia and send them straight after Sandino has proven to be a terrible idea. Due to its relatively new nature, the experienced Guerrilla fighters of Sandino has superiority in the forest and jungles against our force. 200 of our men were killed before we knew it, forcing them to retreat before further losses were taken. This failure on our part has caused support for Sandino to rise across the country, leading to further chaos.
Curses!
The Capital Remains Silent
Everything is quiet for the capital and its people. While we faced initial resistance against the position of the Guardia there, it quickly died down as they learned what would happen if they resisted against us. The general atmosphere of the capital has made those outside of it fear what would happen if they resist, causing Sandino's support to die down.
A victory for us.
Sandino Marches North!
Today Sandino has announced his official liberation of the capital, intending to finally put an end to the Guardia's rule over Nicaragua once and for all. Him and his band of initially 1000 soldiers have begun rapidly moving north, but the dodgy terrain and resistance by some has slowed down their advance. Some are predicting this is going to gain immediate traction among the people, with many flooding to his cause as a result, but we will have to wait and see. All that can be known is that Nicaragua's future is now on the line.
We must win at all costs!
Sandino's Liberation
Sandino's troops arrived at the capital today with more men then we could have ever imagined. Immediate blockades were setup on all the streets to defend the capital, with the Guardia positioned to defeat any that marched against us. However, the fierceness of Sandino's troops were severely underestimated.\n\nWhat started out as one minor insurrection turned quickly into outright revolt within the Guardia. Every minute, troops were turning against their generals and who they once considered friends to bring support to Sandino's cause and allow him a position to advance. By then we had already lost the hope of the people within the capital, who quickly joined the Guardia traitors in tearing down the barricade. Somoza quickly evacuated the capital with those few who were still loyal to him back into Honduras.
Back and better than ever!
Sandino's 'Liberation'
Sandino's troops arrived at the capital today with less men than expected. Immediate blockades were setup on all of the streets to defend the capital, with the Guardia positioned to defeat any that marched against us. Many saw first-hand just how far Sandino's fervour and the size of his army fell on the way to Matagalpa.\n\nSandino's band of a mere 300 soldiers, only 100 equipped with guns began to charge the barricade. Many described the sight as 'somewhat depressing' with Sandino's men slowly being mowed down and the few soldiers with guns killed. Sandino quickly escaped following this, seemingly embarrassed over the failure of his push. Rebel movements have begun to largely calm down all over the country, with Sandino reported being seen in Costa Rica, but none have confirmed this rumour.
The traitor has fallen far.
Sandino's Liberation
Sandino's troops arrived at the capital today with about as many troops as we expected. Immediate blockades were setup on all the streets to defend the capital, with the Guardia positioned to defeat any that marched against us. However, the fierceness of Sandino's troops were not to be underestimated.\n\nWhile Sandino's regiments began to charge immediately at the barricades that were setup, they quickly saw the futility in this and a staunch defensive began to take place on both sides. For five hours, both sides have begun to go grow weary of the continuous standoff, until a change occurred. A soldier in the Guardia began to defect while others began to follow suit. While the defections aren't much now, they could grow out of control if not handled correctly...
The Guardia holds the line!
More troops defect and Sandino breaks through!
Nicaragua Falls to Revolution!
News has just broken out of Nicaragua and reached our doorstep by Somoza himself! It seems Sandino's resistance has managed to come back to power through popular support and a push on the capital. Many people have begun to argue within the government on over how exactly this was led to happen, some blaming a lack of action in the region while others blame the incompetence of Somoza and the Guardia Nacional. What matter now however is our next move. Somoza is begging us to interfere while they're weak, but we are already exhausted from the last war. Is that a move we can afford to make?
They can't get away with this!
We don't have the strength for another war.
Honduras Retaliates!
It seems Somoza and the leftovers of the Guardia have managed to convince the Hondurans to come back to invade our nation once again. Even though we are severely unprepared for full-on war, it seems the Hondurans will not be backing down this time. We'll have to resist to the end if we wish to survive against them and the enemies to the revolution.
For the revolution!
Honduras Remains Quiet
It seems the 2nd time exiles of the Guardia Nacional have failed to convince the Hondurans that they should make an effort to invade our country for a second time. This will leave us with sufficient time to recover from the brutal year before this and prepare the full liberation of Central America once again.
Another victory for the revolution.
Nicaragua Asserts its Independence
With the Guardia Nacional making its final moves in crushing the remaining Sandinistas and exiling them from the country, their reliance on us has been very diminishing at a quick rate. As a result, today Somoza has announced Nicaragua's official independence from [ROOT.GetNameDef], declaring the Sandinistas completely dealt with, while establishing his thanks to [Root.GetNameDef] assistance in their efforts.
They grow up so fast.
The People Celebrate!
The moving of our troops into the eastern half of Nicaragua has caused mass celebration among the people, with bread being handed to the marching troops as they continue to liberate the countryside. The approval of our ruling government has also gone up massively due to this, with people calling us the 'True saviours of Nicaragua'.
A victory for all Nicaraguans!
A New Issue
While the initial liberation of the east went well, the actual process of liberating the people there from foreign influence has been much less successful. The United Fruit Company, despite its rather steep decline, has hired mercenaries in Nicaragua to upset our nationalisation of their industries and land. The people have already begun to complain about them, and decisive action will need to be committed to soon if we wish to have the people's approval.
Send the Militias.
Counter-bribe the mercenaries.
Arm the people in the region to defend themselves.
The Army Crushes the Mercenaries
Our decision to send the army into the region to crush the problem from its roots has mostly succeeded, with the group of mercenaries being crushed with only a few escaping. However, our army is still in its youth and as such, the operation has had its... jagged edges.\n\nA large amount of road-work was destroyed during the operation due to carelessness, while 22 people were killed in the crossfire of the actual operation.
At least they're finally gone.
The Mercenaries Accept the Bribe
Luckily for us, the mercenaries accepted our generous bribe and have actually joined the army as reserves themselves. Unluckily for us, this is being largely seen as a sign of corruption within the government, with it being willing to bride its way out of any situation. While overall approval hasn't gone down much, it has put a bit of a bump in our reputation, which we will need to work to recover.
The problem was solved in the end.
The People Successfully Defend Themselves
Our plan to arm certain towns and villages with rifles worked, with most of the mercenary assaults being warded off as their numbers slowly dwindled until they officially surrendered today with only 27 men left in their ranks. Of course, there were minor casualties on the civilian side, with 78 people being reported dead or missing as a result.
Our people sure are good with guns.
The Mercenaries Become Rampant
Sadly, our efforts to crush the mercenaries have largely failed and the United Fruit Company is funding small rebel groups further, with another regiment of 300 men rising up in the west. We'll need to solve this problem before it continues to grow and harm our country and people.
Will the UFC ever go away?
The Economy Weeps
While we have been officially freed from the grips of the United Fruit Company, their absence has led to a rather noticeable hole of investments into the economy, with large swathes of land still being unkept, and several factories outright stopped in the west. This is beginning to affect the economy of the west as well, and will certainly be trouble for the country for an amount of time.
It will fix itself eventually.
Failure of the Revolution
Despite our best efforts, we have been unable to secure Honduras and bring it over to the side of right. We've been forced to make peace with them to avoid further losses on both sides, and the faith in the government has fallen a radical amount among the populace due to our failures. With our politics already being extremely divided, this could spell trouble in the future.
We'll need to keep an eye on the Liberal camp.
The Socialists could make a move...
Our Survival
Over the past few months, Nicaraguan attempts to infiltrate our country and catalyse a revolution have failed miserably. The hostile regime in Tegucigalpa must now answer to its angered populace while our own government is now more entrenched than ever before.
The atmosphere of Central America is intense.
Honduras Falls
Honduras has officially surrendered to us, resulting in the fall of their previous regime that fought against us, and the raising of a new and better Honduras, directly aligned to us. Our great success in this has greatly increased the popularity of the ruling government, making everyone believe that the time until the rest of Central America is liberated won't be long.
For Central America!
Relations with Honduras Cool
The emergence of a friendly regime in Honduras has caused relations between our two nations to cool. Sadly, the National Guard which is seen as an enemy to all Nicaraguans has fled from Honduras, most likely into another American-aligned country. Despite this, Honduras is now an ally in the revolution alongside us.
One step at a time.
Nicaragua Declares Monroe Dead
In response to our recent crisis, Nicaragua has thrown off the shackles of the Monroe Doctrine, declaring it a 'Outdated and foreign implication'. Sadly, we cannot do much against this due to our country's condition but it's something to keep in mind for the future.
They'll pay for this...
Resistance Against Recruitment
The decision to open up recruitment in the west has caused extreme controversy among the populace. People have taken protest in the streets, claiming that they are grateful for their liberation but feel they deserve to be exempt from recruitment due to their elongated occupation. Some of the population in the west agrees with them as well, leaving us at a standstill on whether to continue the recruitment or abandon the project until later.
Abandon recruitment for now.
They'll be treated just like the west.
Victory on the Border
Our decision to test the Hondurans strength on the border has proven fruitful, as we've managed to beat them back and prove our strength. Fear has begun to sink into the hearts of the Honduran population over this loss, which should help to bring us an advantage over them in the war, along with the small amount of guns we secured from it.
A victory for the revolution.
Defeat on the Border
The Hondurans have managed to beat back our forces at the border, forcing us to retreat temporarily. This defeat has begun to demoralise the people as they have begun to see this as a sign that the war will head into a similar direction. Along with a small amount of guns being stolen from us as a result, we'll need to be wary of the future conflict with Honduras and the direction it will head into.
Victory will still come in the end.
The Conflict Escalates
The conflict on the border with Honduras has managed to escalate into full-on war, largely ending the conflict in the west and extending it to the east as well. We'll need to extend our troops to the entire border if we wish to fight off the Hondurans and ensure the survival of the revolution.
Prepare for war!
Victory on the Border
Our strength has prevailed, as we've managed to beat them back and prove our strength against the threat of Nicaragua to the south. Fear has begun to sink into the hearts of the Nicaraguan population over this loss and is split on whether to commit to the Honduran campaign, which should help to bring us an advantage over them in the war, along with the small amount of guns we secured from it.
We stand strong.
Defeat on the Border
The Nicaraguans have managed to beat back our border guards, forcing us to retreat temporarily. This defeat has begun to demoralise the people as they have begun to see this as a sign that a war with Nicaragua will head into a similar direction. Along with a small amount of guns being stolen from us as a result, we'll need to be wary of the future conflict with Nicaragua and the direction it will head into.
Victory will still come in the end.
The Conflict Escalates
The Nicaraguan forces on the border have begun to spread out with their declaration of war on our country, largely ending the conflict in the west and extending it to the east as well. We'll need to extend our troops to the entire border if we wish to fight off the Nicaraguans and ensure the survival of our nation and government.
Prepare for war!
Agitation Among the Populace
Nicaragua has begun to fund rebels within our country which have begun to demand a government in a similar style to Nicaragua's. People have begun to resist conscription efforts and protest the government. This has begun to cause problems in our conflict with Nicaragua, with soldiers not wanting to fight against the threat to our nation.
We will resist to the end.
Status of the Nicaraguan Economy
Nicaragua, despite its size and variety of products, is generally known as the poorest country within Central America. Constant crisis, military occupation by the United States, and the subsequent revolution left our country dry, largely exportless, and caused it to enter a subsequent recovery phase.\n\nWith our reliance on the United States already removed by the time they stopped buying products from us after the revolution, we've been left desperately looking for new partners. While there are many countries which could prove to be beneficial partners, we'll need to be constantly aware of the United States one day knocking on our doorstep again, stronger than ever.
For a brighter future.
The Revolutionary Economy
The absence of the United States from our country's picture has left us with many opportunities, despite our initial weakness. We can now begin to forge our own future economically, one where are no longer reliant on the United States for exports, and we can now advertise to a broader market. This has brought up the 'Revolutionary Economy Plan' within our government, focused on increasing domestic industry within the country, bringing in new trade partners, and increasing economic self-dependency, even if only slightly. The plan has officially been employed, but how the plan will go is still unknown to many.
The plan will ensure stability.
Advertising to Fellow Socialists
Our currently Socialist government is seen as a threat to governments like Germany and Canada, sadly leaving us unable to touch their markets. However, there are many partners within Europe, like the Commune of France and Union of Britain which would be willing to invest in our country due to our friendly ties. The Commune of France would mainly be interested in seeing us be able to defend ourselves against the Americans should they ever become a threat, while the Union of Britain would most likely be interested in seeing our economy grow to increase our many exports. Who should we choose to ask for assistance from?
The Union of Britain would be reliable.
The Commune of France would be a good partner.
Nicaragua is Looking for Investors
A fellow Socialist in Central America has begun to make itself known, and has specifically requested investment from us. Investing in their country would surely benefit us in the long run, as more allies against Germany is always better, but we may need to keep to ourselves to eventually face the German threat.
We'll offer them civilian industries.
Military industries will help them defend themselves.
We have our own concerns.
Advertising to New Investors
Since our shift to a more liberal government, our relations with the Commune of France and Union of Britain have deteriorated. However, this has brough new partners within both Europe and America, like Canada to our north and Germany to our east. [GER.GetNameDefCap] would mainly be interested in seeing us be able to defend ourselves against other threats to defend their interests, while [CAN.GetNameDef] would most likely be interested in seeing our economy grow to increase our many exports. Who should we choose to ask for assistance from?
[CAN.GetNameDefCap] would be reliable.
[GER.GetNameDefCap] would be a good partner.
Nicaragua is Looking for Investors
A Central American country wishing to separate itself from the United States known as Nicaragua has begun to make itself known, and has specifically requested investment from us. Investing in their country would surely benefit us in the long run, as more ways to rake in profit is always better, but we may need to keep to ourselves to eventually face the Syndicalist threat.
We'll offer them civilian industries.
Military industries will help them defend themselves.
We have our own concerns.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has Sent Industrial Assistance
[From.GetNameDefCap] decided to invest in the civilian sector of our economy, which will help our country and the future of Central America in the long run. Hopefully this can be the beginning of a long-lasting relationship of mutual profit and investment between our two countries.
New partners are always nice.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has Sent Military Assistance
[From.GetNameDefCap] decided to invest in the military sector of our economy, which will help our country defend itself and its interests in the case of any future Central American crisis. Hopefully this can be the beginning of a long-lasting relationship of mutual profit and investment between our two countries.
New partners are always nice.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Denied our Request
Sadly, [From.GetNameDef] has refused our request for investment into our country. While this hopefully hasn't broken ties between us, we may want to look into other investors into the future, since they have proven to be largely uninterested in the affairs of Central America.
A true shame.
The Status-Quo Economy
Nicaragua has and always will be fully reliant on the whim of foreign powers, and it's a sad truth our country has begun to face. The Socialists before us had lofty ideals for the economy and self-preservation, but they too failed in the end. The absence of the United States has left a noticeable hole in our reliance, and new reliance on others will need to be made for our continued survival.
A sad truth, but a truth none the less.
Nicaragua Asks for Assistance
Our recent occupation of Nicaragua has left them in a bit of an economic stump, which wasn't at all helped by their history of revolutions and removal of the United States from the picture. They've specifically asked us for economic assistance to rebuild. It's expected of us as the one occupying them to help them and their needs, but we have our own needs as well.
Grant their request.
Our country comes first.
[FROM.GetAdjective] has Sent Assistance
Our gracious occupier [FROM.GetAdjective] has sent the economic assistance we requested. This should help our recovery from our rough history of many occupations, and allow us to achieve our independence sometime in the near future.
How nice of them.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Doesn't Send Assistance
Our occupiers have refused to send us assistance in our time of need. We'll need to escape this economic stump from occupation ourselves, which could delay our total independence for a while longer.
A shame.
The New Election
The 1936 election will be the second election in Nicaragua's revolutionary republic. The main contenders are Juan Bautista Sacasa, who stands for liberalism, Francisco Sequeira Moreno, who stands for the poor population, and hero of the revolution Augusto César Sandino.
'To Free our People
Sandino's most ravenous supporters, known as the Sandinistas, have been causing trouble for the local population and the other parties. Sandino has begun to make moves to calm this small section of the population to turn them into dignified soldiers willing to die for the revolution rather than Sandino himself.
We Must Protect Ourselves
Sandino has demanded the production of propaganda films to calm the Sandinistas in order to turn them into dignified soldiers willing to die for the revolution rather than Sandino himself.
And Bring the Revolution for Peace'
Sandino, after preparing the army to spread the revolution, has laid out his objectives for the coming struggle. First, he seeks to eliminate the traitors exiled in Honduras, then spread the revolution to the rest of Central America, and finally establish a united Central America. Sandino himself shall lead the army into battle, rallying the people with his spirit.
'Back in the Day, I Couldn't Read
Sequeira's election has allowed him to finally implement his planned reforms for the country. The first thing he wants to fix is the high illiteracy within the country by building schools and hiring teachers to teach the next generation Spanish.
And No Money was Available
With the educational reforms complete, Sequeira has shifted focus to ensuring a more equal distribution of wealth. Preparations are being made to finance several large monetary windfalls for the nation's poorest both through state funding and the seizure of assets from exploitative businesses and individuals.
So I Will Stand for the Common Man'
Sequeira's reforms have calmed many formerly unruly individuals. With the country at last at rest, Sequeira has now declared it 'ready to spread its ideals to other countries as well'.
'The Liberal Mindset
Sacasa has a staunch focus on the original liberal revolution that took place in Nicaragua, and where it failed and succeeded. Sacasa wishes to ensure his ideals remain true through the revolutionary republic and spread it to the rest of Central America.
Can Be Shared with Others
Our reliance on the United States is what forced the liberal revolution to occur in the first place, and must be avoided at all costs. Powers like Germany and Canada could be of potential interest for us if we want to succeed in the long run.
As Long as We Always are Self-Dependent'
While the help from foreigners to achieve our goals is appreciated, another United States situation must be avoided at all costs. Our relations must be diversified in order to avoid reliance on a single power ever again.
Seizing the Countryside
With the United States collapsing in on itself, we can make the previous four years worth it. It's time we reclaim the east of our country in the name of our revolution.
Spread the Revolution
While ensuring our own country is secured is important, the spread of the revolution to other countries like Honduras is needed as well. We must bring them into the fold through words, or with force if needed.
The Liberal Revolution
Sandino and his band of common thugs have been turned out, and in its place stands a regime which promises not only to return our nation to economic prosperity, but also work to build a truly democratic form of government.
Collaborate with the Exiles
Those who were forced out by Sandino need no longer endure the shame of exile. We must work to establish a relationship to either bring them back or capitalise on their ties to their current nations of residence.
Removing the Cult of Personality
Sandino has subverted our national institutions to his personal will and established in the minds of many a cult-like devotion through populist emotional appeals. We must fight against this most insidious legacy of his rule.
A New Bastion of Democracy
Once written off by those who bear liberty's cross as lost forever to the tyranny of socialism, Nicaragua has emerged anew. Like a phoenix reborn, let us spread our wings and bask not in the light of other nations, but forge our own destiny. Let us truly become a bastion of democracy; a nation for the people, by the people.
Friends to the South
To our south lies Costa Rica, who is seen as one of the last hopes of true Central American democracy. Today, we join their ranks as we can hope to liberate the rest of Central America with their full support.
A New International Standing
With our new form and socialism being removed from the republic once and for all, it's up to us to find new friends abroad. Our main options include the new prominent power following America's collapse, Canada, and the current world hegemony Germany.
A Proper Military
Sandino's influence on the military continues to burden our efforts at reform. The military must be reorganised with both new personnel and a new doctrine.
The New National Guard
The new National Guard will serve as the true guardian to the power, and not stand in their way like those before it. Although its current form is far from perfect, it works as the first step to our new destiny.
Rebuilding the Academy
Sandino's Revolutionary Guerrilla Army directly encouraged the people to forget advanced tactics and stick to fighting in the rough and dirty. We have higher standards then this, and this must be represented through a renovation of the academy itself.
Ending Political Influence
The military holding political influence is what caused the Guardia to be so felt during the United States occupation. To prevent this from ever happening again we will have to limit the military's involvement within state affairs.
Resolving the High Command
Our initial reorganisation of the military has left the high command struggling to adapt. With the Guardia re-established and thus our regime's continued existence secured, we should make whatever changes necessary to resolve the issues which plague the high command.
Removing Military Divides
Currently, our general staff is highly torn between conservative figure Chamorro and Cuadra. This matter must be put to rest in order for progress to continue.
A Modern Force
With the consolidation of the high command, the military removed from political power, and the army steadily growing in size, we can consider ourselves to have the beginning of a truly modern force.
Establishing a Recruitment Standard
The decentralised system of conscription employed by Sandino to bolster his revolutionary forces was shockingly effective. By hybridising this with a more traditional recruitment system, we can go even further.
Freeing the Press
While the revolutionaries promised freedom, to those in the press, they brought anything but. The press was barred from most forms of dissent and while it was not subjected to the same degree of suppression as in other authoritarian and socialist states, it was nonetheless problematic. Let us fully reopen to media criticism and even enshrine the freedom of the press in law.
Shifting the Economy
Sandino's push towards economic distribution and reliance on the farmer populace must be moved away from, and instead refocus on exports to partners around the world.
The Socialist Revolution
The socialists have taken total control of the country. Nicaragua is now set firmly on the path of strict socialism without the threat of resurgent liberalism!
The New Coalition
New norms must be established, such as conditions for new elections, and under in form those elections should take place. The revolution, after all, could be easily subverted by the consolidation of power in the executive.
Arming the Youth
Oppressed and oppressor, young and old - the young have always been the greatest force for political change, struggling to throw off the shackles of the past. Should the revolution ever be secure, a rifle must hang from the mantle of all our nation's youth.
A Force for Offence
After our defeats early on war, our army took to guerrilla warfare to fight the invaders. While working effectively in our on land, this will simply not be enough to liberate our Central American brethren, as such, we will work with General Colíndres and other fellow revolutionaries from Mexico to teach our army the ways of traditional war.
Inspiring the Armies
Many citizens view our leaders with reverence, and on that basis wish to fight for our nation. Why should we stop them? Let the army grow.
The Revolutionary Guerrilla Academy
The Revolutionary Guerrilla Academy was founded by Sandino and his high command some time after the American marines left. We should now expand it further to increase the knowledge of the Nicaraguan people on the topic of military matters and research.
Defending the East
To the east, those lands where the Yankee imperialists wish us not tread, dense jungle limits the combat effectiveness of a traditionally trained military. Let our people's knowledge of this environment be integrated fully into our doctrine so that the east, and lands like it beyond our borders, may fully become the domain of our brave soldiers.
Religious Zeal
Socialism must paradoxically be understood and practised with a zeal comparable to that of a religious fanatic to be truly sensible. We must target our propaganda carefully to promote such an ethos among the people.
Moving the Military Budget
Our unique political situation has necessitated that military funding be limited in order to handle a variety of pressing issues. Now that we are able, let us wait no longer to fully restore funding to the armed forces.
Removing the Imperialist Foreigners
With the complete expulsion of foreign threat, our next move remains in ensuring that we are properly mobilised to deal with the northern threats.
Arming the Militias
Our largely militia-based army is in constant need of weaponry, and our country is lacking in that department. As leftovers from the American occupation run low, we'll have to rely on the Sandinistas to scavenge for more to use.
Socialist Ties
Our ties with other countries will be critical in the founding of a united Central America, so good relations are a necessity.
Assisting the Americans
Despite our rivalry, a socialist aligned America would be much better than returning under the boot of an imperialist one.
Preparing the Liberation
The time has come for the people of Central America to stand up as one and throw off the chains of economic exploitation across the region. Through diplomacy or conflict, the liberation is at hand.
Distributing Foreign Wealth
The ill-gotten gains repatriated from the United Fruit Company and other imperialist endeavours have sat in state treasuries in anticipation of conflict. With the political situation calming at last, let us liquidate these holdings and distribute the profits directly to the people.
The Second Occupation
With the invasion from foreigners, Nicaragua has entered a second occupation. To the south lies the threat of Sandino, and to the north we have our overlords we must obey to ensure we survive against him.
Crushing Resistance
Sandino's southern resistance is still relatively new, and getting the early foot on them is necessary for our eventual triumph over them.
Assistance to the End
Our overlord is interested in ensuring we remain stable, or at least we think they are. Regardless, petitioning for help is our best move in finishing off Sandino.
Summon National Guard Reserves
The Guardia Nacional has had time to get itself ready, and is now prepared to be fully deployed against the threat of Sandino.
Ending Sandino Once and for All
With our preparations ready, it's time we put the coffin on this crazed revolutionary once and for all. We can only hope it goes well...
Relations with our Friends
With the ending of socialism, it only makes sense we try to restore those bonds previously lost.
Promoting the UFC
The United Fruit Company has taken a blow with the outbreak of the American Civil War, but it is still highly important to our stability and the nature of Central America itself. Ensuring good footing with them will help us in the long run.
Ending the Cult
With Sandino still seen as a hero to a large number of Nicaraguans, we must focus our efforts into expelling that line of thought.
Preparing our Next Move
With our preparations ready, we're left with a lot of choices on where to head next. We need to consider this carefully, as making the wrong move could put us on the bad side of our overlords...
Our Independence
With Sandino out of the picture, we can begun preparing elections to legitimise our rule.
Expanding the National Guard
Expanding the Guardia will be necessary to ensuring our demands are met, to show that we are not to be messed with whether they like it or not.
Expanding our Imports
Increasing our ties with others could possibly get them to assist us in our economic growth.
Tighten our Hold
Nicaragua was brought to ruins by the socialist and liberals of Sacasa after our failure to stop the revolution all those years ago. With the Guardia rebuild, the economy growing and Somoza in control, we will do the necessary to never let our opposition have the opportunity to do so again.
Removing the Term Limit
The term limit serves to hamper the position of the president and his plans, and must be removed immediately to ensure the stability of the state.
Ban the Opposition
Other political parties serve to weaken our grip on power along with our grip on the people. They must all be banned and expelled, whether through force or peace.
From the Ground Up
Suffering under the American occupation and constant crisis, our nation remained one of the poorest in Latin America. When the revolution finally through off the Yankee yoke, our exports grew smaller still. We need to rebuild our economy, else our country will fall behind even faster, and with how sorry it is now, that reconstruction must be comprehensive.
The Revolutionary Economy
The new 'Revolutionary Economic Plan' seeks to revitalise the economy both by subsidising domestic consumption of goods which augment productivity and fostering commercial ties throughout the world.
Use What We Have
Our new revitalisation policy is very ambitious and we presently lack the resources to fully introduce it. Thus, efficiency is now key perhaps, should imperialists attempt to take advantage of our economic weakness, to the very survival of our nation.
Outside Investment
A cornerstone of our economic policy is to promote foreign investment, and indeed it is vital to the success of our efforts, but we will not let foreign investors control our country as the Americans had tried. We will cooperate with fellow revolutionaries who only hold the most noble of intentions.
Navigate the East
Due to Matagalpa's hilly terrain, often also covered by jungle, the region has wallowed in underdevelopment. To truly be revitalised, all of our nations productive capacity must be harnessed. To accomplish that, we need to focus primarily in the regions which need investment the most.
Moving from Fruit
The United Fruit Company has exploited our nation unfairly, preferring to enrich itself and the United States while leaving our people with naught. Despite our government's effort to reduce their economic influence, their legacy lives in our fruit-dominated economy. We need to diversify our production so that we can avoid renewed foreign domination of our economy and country.
The New Market
With the lingering economic legacy of the American-imposed plantation economy dealt with, a plethora of alternative agricultural products are proliferating rapidly. With our access to international markets already secured, we must now focus on shifting demand abroad. Already, revitalisation policy has been a success and our nation's future has been secured!
Agrarian Reform
While our revolutionary economic agenda has achieved much, farmland is still unequally distributed and many farmers toil as little more than tenants. Let us finally end this most flagrant legacy of American economic imperialism forever. Every Nicaraguan farmer will own the land that he works on.
Expand Economic Funding
Our initial economic goals have been achieved, but we cannot turn our attention away from the economy. We must now closely monitor emerging economic issues and respond accordingly with both policy and subsidies. Only with such sound economic governance will our people continue to enjoy a rising standard of living.
Jack of all Trades
The Great Depression and Black Monday have shown beyond a doubt that economic ruin can rear its ugly head on but a whim. On account of our reliance on fruit exports, our economy is even more vulnerable than most to such disastrous economic cycles. We must diversify!
Beef!
Beef, once the food of the rich, is becoming more and more accessible to the normal citizen. We can strengthen our economy, and prevent the destruction of our agriculture by a bad harvest by investing more into livestock.
Coffee!
The British Empire had introduced tea around the globe, but tea has a viable competitor. Coffee, a popular drink since time immemorial, also grows well in Nicaragua, and demand for it is only increasing. Our nation will greatly profit if we increase our coffee production.
Sugar!
Sugar, much like beef, is becoming increasingly accessible to the ordinary people the world over. In contrast to this rising demand, sugar can only be grown in subtropical and tropical climates. Nicaragua is perfectly suited for intensive production of sugar.
Bananas!
Thanks to the exploitative practices of the past, much like some American slapstick cartoon, the residual effects of the banana has left our nation flat on its behind. A large portion of our agriculture is still based on the banana, and while some would suggest abandoning the crop entirely, we know better. We should further invest into the intensive production of this tasty fruit while ensuring that its cultivation benefits our nation.
Keep the Status Quo
There is nothing wrong with the current system! In exchange for tax breaks and plantation privileges, the foreign investors improve our infrastructure and aid the development of our nation. If anything, we should work more closely with these beneficial interests.
Rely on Those Close
Sandino's revolutionary regime has severely reduced foreign investment in our nation, particularly in the all-important agricultural sector. We must now begin to rekindle our ties to American business interests forged during the occupation. Through cooperation, foreign capital will again enrich our nation.
Stick to the Tradition
Since our independence, our economy has been completely dominated by the agricultural sector. Instead of attempting to recreate the Rhineland in Nicaragua, we should double down on this tradition of agriculture.
Develop Pesticide
Besides bad weather and diseases, one of the largest enemies of agriculture are various animals which can destroy entire harvests in the matter of a few hours. However, we are on the verge of victory in this centuries old battle, as we gained a new, powerful weapon: pesticides!
Stick with the Cash Crop
Our reliance on agriculture, particularly fruit, has reinforced the economic necessity of international trade. In order to augment our exports, we should assess fruit production for means to encourage productivity.
Cash Crop Profits
Despite the ever-looming danger of another world war, we are able to export more and more cash crops to markets all over the world. Our profits have steadily increased, and our country has regained the path towards prosperity.
The World Market
Nicaragua with its small population can hardly sustain levels of consumption necessary for economic prosperity. The wider world however, is huge with an enormous population and demand for our products. By fully opening up to the world market, we can finally refocus our economy on exports, for they bring in the most profits.
Foreign Reliance
Exports beget a reliance on foreign powers, and with foreign powers we aren't talking about Honduras. Our largest trade partners are the global superpowers, be it the US, Germany or even Japan. Surely, we will be able to forever export our products to these nations and nothing, really nothing, will come in the way of our shipments.
Create the Central Nicaragua University
Our economy has strengthened, and our budget can now finally support the construction and maintenance of a proper, Nicaraguan university. By concentrating the smartest minds of Nicaragua in this new establishment, the entire nation will be able to profit from their knowledge and breakthroughs.
Augusto César Sandino
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1895, in Niquinohomo, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSandino's emergence as a minor guerrilla leader fighting in the 1926 Liberal Revolution was completely unexpected, with his presence not really being noted until the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro, which he disagreed with. Beginning with a small guerrilla force of 300 fighting in the south, he intensely fought in the jungles, slowly weakening the United States Marines. However, he kept being pushed further and further south until he was forced to leave his force with Francisco Sequeira Moreno and retreat to Mexico. There, he met with socialist leaders such as Zapata and became known in the international community. He also became a member of the EMECU, a spiritualist organisation which believed in the founding of a universal commune under god. Returning to Nicaragua in 1931 with Zapata coming along, many rallied to his side and his forces grew bigger than ever, until he and his men managed to liberate Managua in January of 1932, forcing the United States to retreat. Now slowly gaining a mass following, his presidency is loved by many with some even going as far as to create groups in his name to promote him and his rule.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1895, in Niquinohomo, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAugusto Nicolás Calderón Sandino lacks any formal sort of military training, but his exploits throughout his life have made him a legendary figure in Nicaragua and Central America as whole. First, he tried to join the Guerra Constitucionalista on the side of the liberals, but José María Moncada, Chief of the Nicaraguan Atlantic Liberal Army at the time, refused to allow Sandino to serve. Sandino then gathered a group that came to be known as the 'Montañeses' and successfully attacked El Jícaro in November 1926. This victory granted him great renown and he was finally accepted by the Liberals, and would go on to become one of the national figures of the uprising. However, the Liberal victory in the war was short-lived, and with Moncada's betrayal, Sandino took up arms once again, this time leading a 300 men strong regiment in the south. The constant skirmishes since then and technical support from foreign Latin American figthers have greatly improved his military ability, and right now stands as one of the most experienced fighters in Nicaragua.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Frente de Soberanía Nacional.§!
Francisco Sequeira Moreno
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1903, in Somotillo, Department of Chinandega, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco Sequeira Moreno was born into a poor family like much of the families of Nicaragua, and has spent the majority of his life illiterate. Following the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro between the 'Liberal' revolutionaries and the United States, he emerged as a guerrilla leader fighting within the north of Nicaragua. Him and his regiment of 400 men killed many, but were forced to retreat south and fight on with Sandino. While Sandino was in Mexico, he bravely fought in the south against the United States occupation until Sandino returned, and became one of the leaders in the push northward and the eventual liberation of Managua. Once the revolution ended, he ended up forming his own party known as the 'Partido Campesino de Nicaragua', focused on rights for the lower class and improving the education system. While also learning how to read starting in 1932 (Something he still struggles with), he is an adored individual among many of the Nicaraguan lower class.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1903, in Somotillo, Department of Chinandega, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDespite not having any form of military training, Sequeira took part in the Guerra Constitucionalista. He first was forced to join the conservative army fighting the liberals, where he displayed some talent to lead troops into combat, but after refusing to take part in the execution of civilians, he escaped to the liberal forces. In the liberals, he became the leader of the Columna Occidental, and quickly opposed Moncada after the Liberal victory when he asked for disarmament of the liberal forces. He has since then opposed the American occupation of Nicaragua, and after linking up with Sandino's forces, managed to hold out in the south while Sandino gathered support in Mexico and then took part in the offensive to take part in the Western part of the country.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Partido Campesino de Nicaragua.§!
Juan Bautista Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1874, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Bautista Sacasa was Vice-President of former president Carlos José Solórzano until he was overthrown in a coup by former president Emiliano Chamorro Vargas. After Adolfo Díaz rebelled, he was sworn in as president by Liberal revolutionaries in the south led by José María Moncada Tapia and assisted in the liberation of Managua. However, after the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro, he stepped down as president due to his disliking of United States influence and went back to exile in Mexico. Serving mainly as an observer in Sandino's revolution, he decided to return to Nicaragua around the same time as Sandino and was present for the liberation of Managua. With him and Sandino finding themselves agreeing on basic principles, Sacasa was able to form his own party known as the 'Partido de la Revolución Liberal'. Mainly supported by those who prefer traditional democracy compared to Socialist and the small higher class, he has surprisingly managed to gain a decent base of support and some dedicated followers of his cause.§!
Emiliano Chamorro Vargas
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1871, in Acoyapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LServing as President from 1917-1921, Chamorro is a military man with an extremely controversial reputation. Initially supported by the United States in his first presidency and helping to negotiate a treaty that allowed the United States to build a canal through Nicaragua. His presidency was largely looked over besides succeeding to pay off a significant portion of Nicaragua's debts. However, despite his efforts, he failed to win the presidency in 1923. Following the 1926 election of Carlos José Solórzano, he couped the government, setting off the chain of events that led to Sandino's government. For this, some credit him as the beginning of the revolution while others discredit him as power hungry. All that matters now however is that his dream of returning to the presidency has finally come true.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1871, in Acoyapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmiliano Chamorro Vargas never really received formal military instruction, however this politician became General during the Guerra Constitucionalista against the Liberal forces. Despite his defeat at the Constutionalist war, Chamorro has improved his organisational skills with time, and while he has still a long way to go from becoming a hardened officer, he's still a reliable commander in battle.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Conservative Party of Nicaragua.§!
Anastasio Somoza García
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1896, in San Marcos, Department of Carazo, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSomoza started a humble life in Nicaragua like many others, gaining the rare opportunity to go to business school in Philadelphia, and there he married his future wife Salvadora Debayle Sacasa, niece of Juan Bautista Sacasa. From there he was able to work his way up the ladder until the liberal revolution in 1926. Unremarkable overall in battle, his real attention getter was his excellent English from America itself, working as the broker of peace between the liberal rebels and Americans. From there he managed to get further relations with the Americans, joining the newly formed Guardia Nacional until just before the expulsion of the Americans, he was named head of the organisation. However, once Sandino reached the capital, he was forced to retreat to Honduras who accepted him and the leftover of the Guardia with open arms. To his dismay, Juan Bautista Sacasa due to joining the Sandino regime forced his wife to divorce him. Wishing to reclaim his homeland and his wife, he has finally succeeded in his goals.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1896, in San Marcos, Department of Carazo, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Francisco Estrada Pérez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1894, in Nagarote, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Santos López
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1914, in Yalagüina, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Abelardo Cuadra
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Granada, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAbelardo started to study to become a lawyer when the Guerra Constitucionalista started. He volunteered to join the Conservative forces and was under the command of Carlos Chamorro, the brother of Emiliano, and later of General Adán Vélez. However, the young soldier was only fighting for profit, and when assisting the party proved to be an unprofitable endeavour, he joined the Guardia Nacional and became a teacher in the Military Academy of Nicaragua. He was later recalled by the American intervention troops to assist them against Sandino, and he has since then become a well-known mercenary in the region.§!
Francisco Parajón Montealegre
§YBorn:§! §Lin Telica, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Federico Davidson Blanco
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Pedro Zepeda
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1889, in Granada, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Miguel Ángel Ortez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1906, in Mozonte, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Román Orozco
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Hernán Robleto Huete
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1892, in Camoapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Guillermo Sevilla Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1908, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Andrés Vega Bolaños
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1890, in the Republic of Nicaragua§!
León DeBayle Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1902, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Ana Salvadora Debayle
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1895, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Carlos Alberto Brenes Jarquín
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 2nd, 1884, in Masaya, Department of Managua, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Ramón Avilés
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1886, in Masaya, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Leonardo Argüello
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1875, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Gustavo Abaunza
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1875, in Masaya, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Pedro Altamirano
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in San Rafael del Norte, Department of Matagalpa, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Carlos Manuel Salgado
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Somoto, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José León Díaz
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Poloros, Department of La Unión, Republic of El Salvador§!
Juan Pablo Umanzor
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Las Manos, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Gregorio Colíndres
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Murra, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Coronado Maradiaga
§YBorn:§! §Lin Yuscarán, Department of El Paraíso, Republic of Honduras§!
Carlos Castro Wassmer
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Celestino Zeledon
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Escamilla
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in the United Mexican States§!
Augusto Caldera
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1872, in the Republic of Nicaragua§!
Ramón Telles
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
