Latvia Focus Tree
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Communist Party of Latvia is led by the same Bolsheviks who were previously vanquished by the German army.\n\nIn the face of undeniable French ideological influence, the reorganised Latvian Communist Party is split between those who would embrace a more syndicalist identity and those who would not.§!\n
ABC
Latvijas Arodbiedrību centrālbirojs (Central Bureau of Latvian Trade Unions)
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Communist Party of Latvia is led by the same Bolsheviks who were previously vanquished by the German army.\n\nIn the face of undeniable French ideological influence, the reorganised Latvian Communist Party is split between those who would embrace a more syndicalist identity and those who would not.§!\n
LSDSP
Latvijas Sociāldemokrātiskā strādnieku partija (Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party)\n§LThe Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party emerged out of the dissolution of the ethnic-Balt Democratic Party in the United Baltic Duchy and is popularly viewed as the successor of that party.§!\n
Darba partija
Darba partija (Labour Party)
Jaunzemnieku savienība
Latvijas Jaunzemnieku savienība (Latvian New Farmers' Union)
Zemnieku savienība
Latvijas Zemnieku savienība (Latvian Farmers' Union)
LTS(p)A
Latvijas Tēvzemes sargu (partizanu) apvienība (Latvian Defenders of the Fatherland (Partisan) League)\n§LThe LTS(p)A was founded by former Latvian nationalist guerrillas in support of General Jānis Kurelis. Officially a non-partisan war veterans organisation, the Association is inseparably linked to Kurelis and his political faction.\n\nWhile many LTS(p)A members affirm the eventual need for popular government, the organisation as a whole supports the suspension of many political freedoms and military oversight over civilian government in the face of both foreign and domestic threats to Latvian sovereignty.§!\n
LTS(p)A
Latvijas Tēvzemes sargu (partizanu) apvienība (Latvian Defenders of the Fatherland (Partisan) League)\n§LThe LTS(p)A was founded by former Latvian nationalist guerrillas in support of General Jānis Kurelis. Officially a non-partisan war veterans organisation, the Association is inseparably linked to Kurelis and his political faction.\n\nWhile many LTS(p)A members affirm the eventual need for popular government, the organisation as a whole supports the suspension of many political freedoms and military oversight over civilian government in the face of both foreign and domestic threats to Latvian sovereignty.§!\n
Ugunskrusts
Latviešu Tautas apvienība \
GFX_LAT_intro
Bittersweet Victory
For seven hundred years Latvia was subjugated - lorded over by Germans, Poles, Swedes, and Russians one after the other. Many Latvians, however, never lost hope. They knew that freedom would one day come. The Latvian National Awakening of the 19th century enkindled similar dreams throughout the entire populace. The Young Latvians and the New Current movement in particular led to the development of modern Latvian nationalism and politics.\n\nAt the end of the Weltkrieg, these Latvian patriots at last had the chance to fight for freedom, and yet, this struggle was in vain. Divided between exiled movements in Riga, Petrograd and Moscow, the Latvians never made a true declaration of independence like their Estonian brothers had - the socialist Iskolat in Valmiera was destroyed by German arms, the Latvian National Council in Petrograd never returned, and the Riga Democratic Bloc surrendered to the new Baltic German order. Latvian nationalism did not die out, however, and returned even stronger, embraced by socialist exiles in the Union of Britain and the large Latvian community in Russia. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy has fulfilled the dream of so many at long last - Latvia is finally an independent state.\n\nThe capital of the Latvian people, Riga, however, fell just out of the grasp of the Forest Brothers, and a German redoubt remains in control of the city, preparing for an opportunity to snuff out Latvia's independence. This insult to the pride of our nation must never be forgotten - and one way or another, the jewel of the Baltic Sea will return to its rightful owners. As the world inches closer to war, Latvia is sure to play a role.
§MLTS(p)A - Executive Authority Constrained§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$) / §MLTS(p)A - Strong Executive§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Don't trust the socialist to handle the Manteuffel's insurgency.\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YConvene The Assembly§! for a series of event to appear.\n£white_dot To §aconstrain the executive§!: choose to not water down the legislature, recognize the situation and have the Saeima meet in Liepāja, have Kurelis only remain president until the crisis passes, have the Saeima be required to approve government's foreign policy decisions and don't let the executive have power over the Saeima.\n£white_dot To §Pempower the executive§!: choose to give the president unrestricted veto powers, insist in that the only place the Saeima can meet is Riga, modify and write that Kurelis is president for life in the constitution, have the Generälis remain in control of foreign policy and let the president be able to dissolve the Saeima.\n\n§MLKP - Bolshevik Renewal§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$) / §MLKP - Adoption of Syndicalism§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Reach to Peterss and the reds for help against Manteuffel's insurgency.\n£white_dot Quietly arrest Peterss when the convention convenes and don't leave Liepāja until capturing him when he escapes.\n£white_dot To go $totalist_coloured$: choose to implement a syndicalist model in the \
Dual Rule in Latvia
While Estonian nationalists generally supported a unified provisional government in the aftermath of the collapse of the Russia Empire, Latvian partisans remained internally divided until the bitter end. A similar, though less dysfunctional dynamic has emerged once again.\n\nIn the east, Jānis Kurelis heads a faction of trained exiles from Russia and the so-called \
There can only be one regime in Latvia.
Manteuffel's Insurgency
The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy was not as definitive as it first appeared, and low-level fighting continues between Latvian and isolated German units. The Second Baltic German Battalion of the Baltische Landeswehr, commanded by Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege, has proven a particularly tough nut to crack. Now known as the \
We will do this ourselves,\nthe socialists are not to be trusted.
It's too dangerous, we must\nreach out to Peterss and the reds.
Kurelis's Latvia
Kurelis has managed to crush the last remnants of the Eiserne Division alone, and his position as the hero of the people has become even more eminent.\n\nIn his actions, he has seized upon his initial momentum and general enthusiasm among the wider populace. The Constitutional Convention in Valmiera has become a forgone conclusion, with support for Kurelis far outweighing that for Peterss, and indeed, several prominent members of the Revolutionary Latvian Legion are thinking twice about their leadership.\n\nHad Peterss been in a stronger position, more resistance would likely have been expected. But for now, the dreams of a Second Iskolat Republic are sidelined, as it is Kurelis' vision that will lead Latvia forward!
Latvia for Latvians!
Peterss's Latvia
This morning Kurelis was discovered hiding in Liepāja by socialist militiamen. Comrade Peterss and his men managed to overcome Kurelis's contingent, capturing Kurelis himself. A socialist Republic, known as the 
Now we build real socialism!
Latvia wishes to join the Third Internationale
We have received a diplomatic message from our comrades in Eastern Europe - Latvia, also known as the Iskolat Republic, wishes to finally put an end to their enforced neutrality and join the Third Internationale as an equal partner. Should we accept the Latvian Leninists into the worldwide Syndicalist community?
Of course!
We'd rather not.
The Eastern Front of the Internationale
Though we have managed to protect the revolution at home, as the world enters crisis after crisis, we remain far from our allies in the West. However, this does not mean we are alone in the East. Now, [RUS.GetNameDef] has embraced the revolutionary cause and stands as the largest Socialist nation in the world. It may be wise to draw closer to nearby [RUS.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], lest [INT.GetNameDef] proves to far off to support us.
We shall join them.
We'd rather join [INT.GetNameDef].
We are accepted
The Internationale has accepted our fledgling republic into their alliance.
Hurrah!
We have been denied
The Internationale has refused to accept our fledgling republic into their alliance.
Damn.
The Wind Blows
When the Second Weltkrieg began, the loss of Latvia and Estonia strangely provided protection to Riga. The two states, Latvia and Estonia, served as a neutral bulwark which protected Riga from the full force of the Russian invasion. The Riga defence forces and their commanders, however, understood the fleeting nature of this state of affairs. Patrols became more frequent, logistics systems were strengthened, and a system of food rationing was implemented for general population.\n\nIncreasing Latvian military movement near the city, sometimes even in the range of Rigan artillery outposts seemed to prove the validity of the Rigan Defence Force's fears - although the German troops opted to not fire upon the Latvians just yet. Enemy artillery is stationed in the surroundings of the city, preparing to bombard hastily assembled barricades and fortifications. The Latvians remain silent in diplomatic channels, as if they have forgotten that Riga exists entirely.\n\nBoth sides had something to finish from their last engagements in 1936. The Latvians - to evict the Germans from their homeland at last, to reclaim Riga, their one and only capital. The Baltic Germans - to destroy this insurgency for good, and reclaim their birthright.\n\nA chilling wind blows across the streets of Riga, and with it, follows a barrage of yells, all shouting the same thing.
To the barricades!
The Assembly Convenes
An extraordinary session of the Constitutional Assembly has been called in Liepāja with the aim of rewriting the provisional Latvian constitution in the face of increased political dominance by Kurelis and his clique. The Assembly cannot help but cede a large degree of power to Kurelis and the executive, a stark contrast from the political structure laid out provisionally, but many questions remain unresolved.
We have a lot to sort out.
The Question of Powers of the Saeima
While the Saeima shall have the nominal authority to enact legislation independent of the executive, members of Kurelis's faction hold differing views on the degree of direct oversight the office should have over legislative action.
Don't water down the legislature
The President shall have unrestricted veto powers
Meeting place of the Saeima
The Latvian constitution in exile held that the Latvian assembly should convene in Riga and only in Riga. However, it did not consider the special circumstances the country now faces. The question remains: should we formally establish the assembly in Liepāja or continue to only operate from the city de-facto awaiting the liberation of Riga.
Riga is our capital.
Recognise the reality of the situation - Liepāja.
The Generālis
The extraordinary challenges facing Latvia at the moment have won wide popular support for Kurelis's authoritative actions. While Kurelis shall remain president at least until the end of the current crisis, some have called for his rule to be plainly written into the constitution - president-for-life.
Write it into the document.
He shall remain only until the crisis passes.
Foreign Policy
Latvia is in a difficult position on the global stage. Indeed the country is under diplomatic pressure from both Germany and Russia, and the threat of invasion from either of those powers looms large. The provisional constitution gave the Saeima a role in treaty-making and diplomatic appointments, with the assent of the body required for treaties to be ratified and posts to be filled. While awkward, and given Kurelis's control over the Saeima, a bit of a farce, some call for this quirk of the constitution to be kept intact.
The Saeima must approve the government's decisions
Only the Generālis knows what is good
Responsibilities of Powers
The last major debate of the Constituent Assembly concerns whether or not the president can unilaterally dissolve the legislature in perpetuity. While doing so would be highly inefficient and place and outsized burden on the administration, allowing for such under the right circumstances would all but eliminate the independence of the legislature at least for the remainder of the crisis.
The Executive has no Power over the Saeima.
The president may dissolve the Saeima.
A Strong Executive
The directorial system has been all but eliminated, with the office of the president assuming greater authority. General Kurelis, while nominally neither head of the government nor the state, now directs most functions of the central government.
A hero at the helm.
Executive Authority Constrained
The directorial system established after the collapse of the United Baltic Duchy has been entrenched while the authority and role of the state has grown.
Onwards!
Economic Stabilisation
The economic crisis which followed the dissolution of the United Baltic Duchy has finally subsided.\n\nWe are now in a position where our economy is functioning smoothly, as the measures we have undertaken after independence have come to fruition.
Great!
Political Stabilisation
The political crisis which followed the dissolution of the United Baltic Duchy has finally subsided.\n\nThe independent Latvian administration has become thoroughly entrenched.
Great!
Kurelis's Latvia
Kurelis has convinced the members of the Constitutional Convention that Peterss' goal in forming a socialist state will result in nothing more than an immediate loss of our independence. The socialists' attempts to work with the workers in the city of Riga will only mean greater German influence in our country, invariably leading to German re-annexation.\n\nIn this attack on Peterss and his movement, Kurelis has seized upon his previous momentum and general enthusiasm among the wider populace. The Constitutional Convention in Valmiera has swayed in his favour, with support for Kurelis now outweighing that for Peterss.\n\nHad Peterss been in a stronger position, more resistance would likely have been expected. But for now, the dreams of a Second Iskolat Republic are sidelined, as it is Kurelis' vision that will lead Latvia forward!
Latvia for Latvians!
Kurelis's Latvia
Kurelis has convinced enough members of the Constitutional Convention that Peterss' is unfit to lead to lead the country. Such is his cowardice, that the socialist leader cannot even bring himself to defend his own position in the Convention. If this is the case, how could we expect such a man to ensure Latvia's independence, let alone retake our capital?\n\nIn this attack on Peterss and his movement, Kurelis has seized upon his previous momentum and general enthusiasm among the wider populace. The Constitutional Convention in Valmiera has swayed in his favour, with support for Kurelis now outweighing that for Peterss.\n\nHad Peterss been in a stronger position, more resistance would likely have been expected. But for now, the dreams of a Second Iskolat Republic are sidelined, as it is Kurelis' vision that will lead Latvia forward!
Latvia for Latvians!
The Curonian Kings
Not long before the collapse of the United Baltic Duchy, the Germans recognised the nobility of the so-called 'Curonian Kings', the legitimate descendants of the pre-German nobility in Courland. While only 600 in number, the newly granted noble titles raised the standing of the 'Kings' and allowed some of them access to gain titles to albeit-marginal land estates in the short time before the collapse of the Duchy.\n\nIn order to justify the preservation of their newfound status and holdings, Mārtiņš Peniķis, the former representative for the Kings in the Baltic Landtag, has publicly sworn allegiance to our new republic and to support our government by any means necessary.
Shortly before the collapse of the Baltic Duchy, Mārtiņš Peniķis as sole representative of the 'Curonian Kings', the descendants of the pre-German nobility of Courland, sought to gain noble titles for the 600 remaining 'Kings' of Courland. With our independence, he has approached our new government and again asked for titles to be granted in exchange for the political support of the 'Kings'.
Kurzeme sure is unique.
Grant the titles.
We are a republic...
Outreach to the Polish Minority?
Concentrated in Courland, particularly in the Ilūkste region, the Polish minority wields notable influence in parts of Latvia. While the Poles were generally enthusiastic about Latvian independence and an end to German domination, the Poles have generally been unsettled by the direction of our government and 'buyer's remorse' now largely prevails among them. While our regime has made clear its intention to protect the rights of non-German ethnic minorities within the country, the state's preference for Letts is clear. Poles resent the rapid rise in social status that many common Letts have enjoyed as, among other things, semi-prestigious jobs in the state administration have opened up to them alone. The closing of the political sphere and curtailing of political rights by the army has also prompted some concern, especially in light of the generally Lutheran affiliation of most members of the regime.\n\nAn opportunity to mend our relationship with a large part of the Polish community has presented itself, however. The Catholic bishop in charge of the community has offered to host an event connecting general Kurelis with prominent Polish citizens and inviting the general to speak. Delivering a favourable speech here would be an easy way to garner support among the ethnic Poles, though staying home might engender more than a few subtle nods of the head from within our administration. Should we give the speech and attend?
Concentrated in Courland, particularly in the Ilūkste region, the Polish minority wields notable influence in parts of Latvia. While the Poles were generally enthusiastic about Latvian independence and an end to German domination, the Poles have generally been unsettled by the direction of our government and 'buyer's remorse' now largely prevails among them. While our regime has made clear its intention to protect the rights of non-German ethnic minorities within the country, the state's preference for Letts is clear. Poles resent the rapid rise in social status that many common Letts have enjoyed as, among other things, semi-prestigious jobs in the state administration have opened up to them alone. The closing of the political sphere and curtailing of political rights has also prompted some concern, especially in light of the avowed atheism of most members of the regime.\n\nAn opportunity to mend our relationship with a large part of the Polish community has presented itself, however. The new socialist mayor of Ilūkste has offered to host an event connecting Comrade Peterss with prominent Polish citizens and inviting our leader to speak. Delivering a favourable speech here would be an easy way to garner support among the ethnic Poles, though staying home might engender more than a few subtle nods of the head from within our administration. Should we give the speech and attend?
Deliver a speech in Ilūkste.
We cannot risk it.
The Association for National Freedom
Following the capture of the city of Riga, Paul Schliemann largely disappeared from the political scene. Now, however, news from Riga tells of the founding of a new liberal political association (not a party to avoid running afoul of current restrictions), \
Silence it.
Let it be.
The Brothers to the Sword
Many Germans have already fled our new state and many more continue to leave. Naturally, however, some Germans refuse to leave the country. Among those Germans are members of the far-right in the former Duchy who advocated harsh treatment of native Balts. Calls for vengeance cannot entirely be ignored, and in the interests of maintaining order and heading off individual reprisals, local governments have arrested several former members of the Baltic Brotherhood who stayed in the country. The number of such arrests seems poised to grow rapidly and while the national government has not joined in the manhunt, it has also not intervened to stop it. It seems that popular justice will be meted out against those who once expressed their contempt for their soon-to-be judges. Some may even face capital punishment.
What goes around comes around.
Nationalised Dairy
Dairy prevails in Latvia. Dairy farms can be found on the edge of nearly every village and the population of dairy cows is not dissimilar from the human population in some areas. The industry, however is also highly diffuse with little integration between various farmers except via small producers collectives and trade organisations. In order to ensure the stability of the industry, the government of general Kurelis has promulgated an ever increasing number of regulations targeting the industry in particular. Yesterday, however, state oversight of the dairy industry increased greatly. A new department within the interior ministry was announced to act as sole distributor of dairy products. Dairy farmers will be prevented from commercially distributing their milk independent of the state. In effect, anyone living in the cities or in large towns will only have access to dairy products via the state, with packaging and form standardised the nation over. If the industry experiences difficulties, the state will simply increase the price it pays for dairy products.
Milk gives us life.
Galvaspilsēta Degvīns
A year ago, the Latvian state announced a large new investment series into the production of grain alcohol. In the time since, the liquor landscape has transformed as the state's market share has increased and various smaller manufacturers and distributors have been acquired by state-owned enterprises. Notably, a new product has come to prominence the country over and has begun to be marketed abroad. Galvaspilsēta, known simply as 'Galva' to many, is fast becoming something of a cultural staple, even replacing traditional liquors in the cultural zeitgeist. While various knock-offs have entered the market, 'authentic' Galva is legally owned by the state liquor distribution monopoly and its growth will undoubtedly further our government's clout the world over.
Galva, the new national drink.
Unpatriotic Artists
A little over a month ago, an affirmative duty to oppose anti-national subversion was written into the Latvian constitution. Citizens working in many sectors of the economy were required to swear an oath of loyalty much like public servants. One group of artists from the city of Liepāja, however, have very publicly refused to do so. Rumblings within the wider artistic community suggest that such sentiments are widely shared among their compatriots. As result, local authorities have launched a series of police raids around the country and placed many artists under arrest. It is likely that this action will affect the productivity of creatives generally moving forward. Some are sure to leave the country as a direct result.
Art is decadent anyhow.
A National Military Academy
Yesterday in Liepāja, general Kurelis presided over the opening of a new university under the purview of the army. The ceremony was tremendous and it bodes well for the future of our army. That, however, is not what dominated headlines in the state press. Following the ceremony, the university grants the general an honorary diploma in political science and announced that the general would enrol as its first doctoral candidate.
Does he never sleep?
Doctor, General, President
Years ago, general Kurelis announced his doctoral candidacy at the military university opened in Liepāja. In spite of his time-consuming duties in his role as president, it seems the general kept up with his academic responsibilities as today state press organs announced that the general had become a doctor of political science.
Wow, impressive.
Latvianisation of Mechanisation
Along with the importation of foreign agricultural machines, domestic Latvian production has grown rapidly over the last year as a result of knowledge-sharing and technology-transfer requirements in the purchase agreements. Demand from farmers is now being fulfilled in part by Latvian domestic firms and exports of agricultural machinery have even begun.
Our investment paid off.
Return of Curonian Jews
The Jews of Courland are unique in their cultural and theological disposition and form a community distinct from other Jews, including those residing in Livonia. During the Weltkrieg, many Curonian Jews, owing to Russian anti-Semitism and suspicion that Curonian Jews in particular were loyal to Germany, were deported elsewhere in Russia. While few returned to Latvia during the years under the German boot, with independence, many Curonian Jews recently settled back in Courland along with their Lett countrymen. In line with our policy of national atheism, the influx of so many religious minorities has prompted some concern from within our government. More than a few ministers have suggested the imposition of a religious test on new returnees, avowedly Jewish or otherwise, to identify the devout among and head off security concerns.
The Jews of Courland are unique in their cultural and theological disposition and form a community distinct from other Jews, including those residing in Livonia. During the Weltkrieg, many Curonian Jews, owing to Russian anti-Semitism and suspicion that Curonian Jews in particular were loyal to Germany, were deported elsewhere in Russia. While few returned to Latvia during the years under the German boot, with independence, many Curonian Jews recently settled back in Courland along with their Lett countrymen. While our government does indeed favour ethnic Letts over ethnic minorities in many regards, it recognises the essentially Latvian character of the nation's Jews. The return of the Curonian Jewish exiles has provided general Kurelis with something of a publicity opportunity. He has publicly met with Jewish returnees and proclaimed his support for the community in the state press.
Sign the Test Act.
Kurzeme continues to exceed expectations.
The Convention Convenes
The Eiserne Division were poised to launch one last desperate attempt to take Valmiera, and with it, the Constitutional Convention. Seeing Latvia's newly-gained independence to be too fragile to risk losing to inter-partisan squabbling, Kurelis took it upon himself to call upon his political rivals for aid.\n\nJust as Manteuffel's men were set to assail Kurelis' position, Peterss and his Revolutionary Latvian Legion ambushed them, and with support coming from Valmiera, the final remnant of the German forces were made short work of.\n\nWith the independence of Latvia secured, even if without Riga, the Constitutional Convention must now decide on Latvia's future direction. As with many post-independence states however, the next challenge may be to navigate the differences in our population's views, without descending into civil war and chaos.\n\nBoth Kurelis and Peterss are seen as viable candidates for leadership — both seek continued Latvian independence, and both seek to regain the City of Riga. Peterss believes that only with the alliance of the Commune of France can Latvia remain independent. Kurelis, on the other hand, is adamant that Latvia must put itself first — either by remaining truly independent, or, depending on how the situation develops, by seeing common cause with another likeminded regional power bloc that may wish to challenge the Germans.\n\nAs the stability and very existence of an independent Latvia is at stake, Kurelis has decided that it is in the country's interest to end this farce of a Constitutional Convention as soon as possible. Lest Latvia be handed over to socialists, who run the risk of losing the previous independence we have finally gained after centuries, we must make sure to discredit Peterss and his movement. Or, we could just arrest him...
We will accuse Peterss of fraternising with the enemy!
We will quietly arrest Peterss under false pretences!
The Capture Fails
When the small group of men from the Imanta Regiment came to Liepāja to secretly apprehend Peterss, he was nowhere to be found. They were soon made aware that Peterss has been leading his movement from the underground for the past number of days, and details of his precise whereabouts at the moment are scanty at best.\n\nSupport from the public and the Constitutional Convention itself remains within reach for both main groups, so we cannot take any chances. It may be best to root out Peterss like the rat he is, and apprehend him definitely, rather than resort to the more subtle means we had tried and failed with previously. Or, we just could make an example of his cowardice, increasing our own support among the Convention.\n\nOf course, our attempts to publicly root him out may not go down as well with the general population, but they will learn the necessity of such measures, in time.
We will not leave Liepāja until we find him!
Show the people that Peterss' weakness makes him unfit to rule!
A Fork in the Road
Revolutionary syndicalism has come to dominate the international socialist movement. In Latvia, however, many socialists, including much of the leadership of our new republic, still cling to the ideals of the Bolsheviks. While the relationship would not be otherwise unworkable, agreeing to adopt syndicalist ideas, at least in part, could facilitate greater cooperation with the syndicalist powers of Europe. Should this idea be made a reality?
Hold fast to the ideals of the Bolsheviks
Implement a Syndicalist model
Looking to the Past
Syndicalism has been rejected in favour of the further development of the ideals of the old Bolsheviks of the Russian Revolution to whom we are so intimately linked.
Lenin shall be avenged.
Syndicalism Ascendant
The ascendency of syndicalism cannot be denied. To facilitate relations with the powers of the Third Internationale, we must accept a basically syndicalist economic model.
A necessary choice.
The Direction of the Economy
Disagreements over rural economic policies have proven difficult to resolve. As such, beginning today, the members of the politburo will work non-stop on an all-encompassing plan thereof.
Let the forces of reaction quiver.
Oversight of the Collectivisation Process
How the state should bring about reform has caused disagreement among members of the central government. While some, including comrade Peterss, would prefer the central government directly carry out the process of reform, some have called for a more nuanced approach. They argue that the rural people, already inclined towards revolutionary action, could be encouraged to carry out the policy themselves, dispensing with reaction how they see fit. That, they argue, while perhaps more difficult and less comprehensive, would ensure popular support for even more controversial state policies.
The state shall act alone.
Allow for local implementation.
The Expropriation Debate
While it is undeniable that central management will rapidly transform rural production networks for the better, short term economic disruption could turn the people against the revolution. As such, some moderates, much to the disdain of Comrade Peterss, call for smaller businesses and landowners to be spared from complete expropriation, even if they are to be brought down a peg.
Take it all.
Small operations need not be disrupted.
On Direct State Ownership
In addition to mere collectivisation, some call for the state to take direct control of some agricultural lands.
Implement direct state ownership.
Push for collectivisation instead.
The Kulak Question
The rich-peasant Kulak class has long attempted to conceal their exploitative practices beneath a faux-toiler veneer. Without question, the day of reckoning for all deemed to be Kulaks has dawned. Some, however, wish to treat the Kulaks more leniently than others. The Kulaks, these moderates argue, can be reformed simply by transforming their relationship with productive forces. They argue that rather than expropriate Kulaks entirely, they should be allowed to maintain small plots for their own cultivation without the assistance of contracted labourers.
Foolish! We must treat them as outright reactionaries.
Kulaks can be reformed.
The Compensation Debate
As part of the collectivisation process, the land and possessions of some otherwise revolutionary-spirited individuals will have to taken by the state. In the interest of equality, many believe even such upright individuals should not receive formal compensation in one form or another, much to the chagrin of some.
Ignore the idea.
Offer compensation.
The Abolition of Private Agriculture
With the most contested issues surrounding rural economic policy resolved, a draft has been completed and disseminated throughout the party. As the result of the debates, the politburo has further promulgated a memo affirming the party's intent to ultimately abolish individual ownership of land, framing the much debated policy draft as a step towards that goal.
A communist society surely dawns!
The Spread of Collectivisation
With the most contested issues surrounding rural economic policy resolved, a draft has been completed and disseminated throughout the party. As the result of the debates, the politburo has further promulgated a memo affirming the party's intent to see the gradual amalgamation of all farms into large collective operations without disrupting the countryside, framing the much debated policy draft as a step towards that goal.
From the people to the people!
Rural Structures Upended
Aggressive state policies in pursuit of the abolition of the individual ownership of land have totally upended established informal systems of trade and resource allocation. While this may be necessary in the long run, certain regions have begun to experience profound social, and increasingly economic, turmoil.
This could have grave consequences.
A Weak Harvest
Owing to the disruption in the countryside, entire several large farms have suddenly gone belly-up and left their crops to whither. While central leadership were initially shielded from this grim news, the resulting famine in certain localities has become undeniable. While decisive action to relieve affected areas has now been taken, the bodies are still being counted.
A least the worst has passed.
Comrade Peterss Visits Skulte
Following the Rural Commune acts after the abolition of serfdom in the Baltic provinces, Latvian and Estonian peasantry began to organise into rural communes, known in German as the Landgemeinde, which were granted autonomy, democratic self-government and certain powers as well as privileges. As a result, a generation of peasants in these areas have grown up under largely autonomous and democratic conditions. Participation in the political process and the upkeep of traditional Baltic culture were the norm in these areas, even under wider German domination.\n\nWhile mostly left alone, the election of one Pēteris Briedis as the elder of the Skulte Landsgemeinde, however, caused something of a stir among the Germans. Briedis, an inhabitant of the parish who had at the time moved to Riga to work in its naval dockyards and joined its trade union movement, came to identify as a syndicalist, and was elected by the commune with a political platform focused on the implementation of syndicalism locally.\n\nToday, Comrade Peterss made a high-profile visit to the commune and shook hands with Elder Briedis. The two shook hands in front of cameras operated by the state press and the success of the commune was documented to promote socialism among the people more broadly. Despite the ideological differences between the two men, the image of Peterss and Briedis shaking hands has come to prominence among state propaganda.
An inspiration.
The Red Graf In Red Latvia
Alexander von Stenbock-Fermor, better known as the Red Graf, became the most prominent German voice for socialism within the Duchy. He chose to stay in Riga following the collapse of German authority over the rest of the Baltic and further did not flee after the conquest of Riga. Indeed, he has today publicly sworn allegiance to our government and released a new political pamphlet urging the Germans of Riga to uphold the authority of the Iskolat Republic.
Alexander von Stenbock-Fermor, better known as the Red Graf, became the most prominent German voice for socialism within the Duchy. While he initially chose to stay in Riga following the collapse of German authority over the rest of the Baltic but after releasing a few pamphlets in support of our regime, he eventually relocated to Liepāja and encouraged the people of Riga and the Germans under Iskolat rule to uphold our government. His support has been pivotal in increasing German enthusiasm for socialism.
Welcome, comrade!
Bureaucratic Consolidation
With the consolidation of the economy, the various ministries established to oversee the function of particular sectors have now been brought under one unifying umbrella with a single minister responsible for economic development more broadly. We now fully affirm that no economic function is independent from any other. The bread that the worker eats every day comes from the fields and allows him to work in the factories. One area should not be administered without full concerned for the others.
Less is more.
The Question of Federalism
The Iskolat Republic was established as a unitary state, with all power assigned to the regions and localities devolved by the national government. This was ultimately a matter of simplicity which was deemed necessary in light of the small size of Latvia while the Republic found its feet. Our leadership however remains committed to the federalist ideal almost to the one, at least in theory. Time and time again, pressure has emerged from within the party to establish a federalist system, albeit without compromising the leading position of the party and its control over all organs of state power. While the impact of federalism would be rather minor practically, if our country were ever to expand (for whatever reason), it might be worth the initial difficulty in changing over.
No need.
Implement the change.
Anarchists Cell Uncovered
Today in the heart of the Livonian countryside, authorities in one small village garnered some amount of attention, including in the state press, in light of their capture of a cell of anarchists. While many anarchists around the world generally identify with the socialist bloc as it now exists, many, including here at home, oppose our present regime and hope to see it undone by any means necessary, and our recent military build-up has provided them the opportunity to get their hands on armaments which they intended to use to affect our overthrow. Fortunately, however, this particular group was headed off and the local authorities have drawn praise.
Excellent.
Academic Discontent
The disloyalty of the academic community has become increasingly clear over the last few months. In particular, the failure of three pro-regime doctoral candidates across the country drew condemnation from our government, though Comrade Peterss himself remained silent. But despite his silence, Peterss began to push for a thorough cleansing of the ivory tower, drafting a series of potential justifications and replacement candidates for members of certain departments at the few academies operating in Latvia. With a word, the upending of the academy can begin.
Begin the purge.
Official Embarrassment
The effort to redevelop Liepāja into an appropriate venue for an exposition to proletarian internationalism and the promise of a socialist future has progressed quickly. Wide avenues have replaced crowded streets and grand government buildings have been built in mere months with proper investment with further projects still in progress. However, reactionary elements in society have seized on the increased publicity given the city by our western socialist allies to undermine our regime and its foreign relationships. One famous church in Liepāja, with its crucifixes already removed, but not entirely shuttered, unfurled a series of political banners before a camera crew from the Internationale ahead of an important visit. The leadership of the church will be punished and the building will certainly be bulldozed, but the damage has already been done to our international relationship and we dare not further inflame the incident by coming down on the crew and requiring that the footage be deleted. Hopefully the damage will be minimal.
Tear that steeple down.
Spontaneous Revolutionary Tribunals
With the decapitation of the reactionary faction within Latvia, the task of eliminating anti-socialist elements in society at larger has often fallen on the hands of local patriots and comrades. Now, however, the practice of localities establishing unregulated revolutionary tribunals to try and sentence reactionary elements outside of the purview of the formal legal system has grown to a fever pitch. The fervour and radicalism of these local comrades has become a cause for concern among or government and agents have been sent down to the villages in an attempt to curtail the practice and move the accused individuals to state courts.
Such is for the state alone.
Payback
The build-up of foreign equipment, which began almost three months ago, has led some arms to filter down to Lett comrades abroad, particularly in nearby Latgale and the city of Daugavpils. Owing to their past conflicts, Boris Savinkov has long sought to one-up Peterss and the influx of weapons provided that opportunity. The details are quite grim, but needless to say, pro-Iskolat cells within the Latgale region were thoroughly infiltrated and their leaders identified. The photos of one comrade forced to bear a gruesome message for Peterss from Savinkov signalled the gruesome end of one particular cell and clearly communicated a personal animosity.
He'll get his due in turn.
Latvian State Visit
A delegation has arrived from Latvia headed by President Kurelis. A state dinner has been arranged with leaders vowing to deepen mutual cooperation.
Welcome!
Delegation Welcomed in [FROM.GetName]
Our [FROM.GetAdjective] friends have graciously welcomed our delegation. President Kurelis himself personally attended a formal state dinner and forged new personal connections.
Thank you kindly.
A Proposal From Latvia
Latvia has put forth an interesting proposal. Seeking investment from nearby governments and the deepening of economic interdependency, the Latvians have drafted a plan for the creation of a jointly owned industrial holdings company.
An agreeable proposal.
No, thank you.
Offer Accepted
[FROM.GetName] has accepted our proposal. This shall surely deepen economic interdependence.
Great!
Offer Rejected
Despite the obvious economic benefits, [FROM.GetName] has rejected our proposal.
Damn!
Latvian Arms Deal
While they seek to build their own armaments industry, Latvia lacks sufficient arms for the time being. As such, they have requested several thousand small arms as assistance.
We accept.
Tell them to keep their money.
Arms Deal Finalised
[FROM.GetName] has agreed to supply us with a few thousand guns and infantry kit.
Great!
Arms Deal Falls Through
[FROM.GetName] has refused to supply us with arms.
Damn!
A Baltic Trade Area?
Latvia, our old brothers in arms, have proposed the immediate loosening of many trade and border laws in an attempt to solve the structural economic issues caused by the dissolution of the United Baltic Duchy in areas on our shared border. Eventually, the proposed agreement stipulates that we should explore the development of a unified trade policy.
We cannot help but agree.
No, thank you.
Estonia Accepts
Estonia has agreed to develop a common trade policy, immediately lowering certain trade barriers.
As it should be.
Estonia Refuses
Estonia has refused our proposal.
The end of an era.
Common Defence Agreement
Latvia, our old brothers in arms, have proposed an exchange of defence commitments in case the independence of one nation or this other was genuinely threatened in the course of war.
A sound but largely symbolic move.
The Flight of the Latvians
At the prompting of the Latvian government, large numbers of Latvians have started to leave for the new Latvian state.
Good riddance.
Latvia Seeks Protection
Latvia has petitioned to join our military bloc.
Offer it to them.
No. This shall go no further.
Russia Accepts
Russia has accepted. Though in practice we have all but joined their military bloc, ties will be formalised shortly.
Great!
Russia Refuses
Russia has refused, leaving adrift for the time in our search for a great power benefactor.
Damn.
Latvian Ultimatum
Relations with Latvia have soured, and in a shocking move, the aggressive little Latvian state has now all but threatened war, seemingly out of the blue.
We must prepare.
A Baltic Last Stand?
War is upon us, and we are without allies. But this need not be the case.\n\nWe have been approached by our former brothers in arms in the Latvian government, who wish to upgrade our previous common defensive strategy into a more formal arrangement. They propose that we stand together and face our foes as one, a truly united front against the odds, just as we brought down that abominable Duchy together.
War is upon us, and we are without allies. But this need not be the case.\n\nWe have been approached by the Latvians, who like ourselves have broken free of the German grip. They propose that we stand together and face our foes as one, a truly united front against the odds.
Yes, we should stand together.
We'd rather not.
[FROM.GetName] Accepts
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has accepted our proposal to face our foes together, one last time.
We stand united.
[FROM.GetName] Refuses
In a shocking result, the [FROM.GetAdjective]s have announced that would rather keep their current military arrangements as they are, and not formalise any further common defensive strategy.
Are they out of their minds?
[FROM.GetName] seeks to join our Alliance
At this dire hour, we have received a request from [FROM.GetNameDef] to join our alliance. They wish to show the world that small nations are not to be trifled with!
Welcome, brothers!
Faction's full, sorry.
[FROM.GetName] Accepts
The [FROM.GetAdjective]s have honoured our request, and we now stand together with them in a formal alliance.
Excellent!
The Direction of the Military
While all agree on the need to integrate our nation into international trade networks and all of the defence implications involved, the army wishes to decide on its own vision for how it will operate.\n\nRegardless of whether or not we are alone in the world, or in an alliance with others, the army holds the position that it can either act as if it is part of a larger alliance, or attempt to act as a stand-alone force in its own right.\n\nThis positioning that the army will take, will affect how it trains and maintains its forces, and prepares them for whatever will happen in the future - regardless of what the political situation of the country is at the time.
The Latvian army will act as\npart of a greater whole.
The Latvian army will operate on\nthe principle of self-sufficiency.
Latvian Focus Tree
Latvia's Second Awakening
Latvian national consciousness developed in reaction to malign foreign influence. Now that we have thrown off the yoke, we must awaken the people to themselves.
A New Beginning
The ethnic hierarchy of the Latvia that was must be undone. Before we can begin to establish the basic law of the land, we must promulgate broad principles for the achievement of the basic equality of all Latvians.
Convene The Assembly
The Bolsheviks and liberals have been overcome. We can at last move towards a more permanent political structure. Latvia is a small and fresh nation that must be built.
Latvia For Latvians
While ethnic Letts must form the core of the state and work must be done to dismantle the legacies of imperial domination, we should take care to properly patronise minority populations - Russians and Germans especially. To that end, we must legally discard ethnic classifications in favour of a civic Latvian identity while also taking care to ensure ethnic minorities broad representation in the assembly.
Organise the Forest Brothers
The various rural partisan groups collectively known as the forest brothers lack high-level organisation. While they are respected for their role in bringing about Latvian independence, the state has so far kept them at arms length. We should begin to integrate forest brother units that wish to serve their country yet into the army while demobilising others.
Honour the Generālis
Jānis Kurelis, the Generālis, drove the foreign conquerors from our fair land and freed the people from their chains. In many villages, his noble visage is becoming something of an object of veneration. Statues and other works of art are being commissioned spontaneously. The state should promote this devotion to our leader.
Geographic Reorientation
Riga has historically been at the centre of Baltic trade networks. We cannot allow one city to dominate so any longer. Optimal routes for new road and rail networks bypassing Riga should be created and a plan for the realisation of such drafted.
With or Without Riga
[LAT_withriga_scripted] We must do more yet to encourage growth in currently-second rate cities.
Liquidate German Assets
German ownership of land and capital both in the cities and the countryside far exceeds their population. To begin to address this, those Germans who fled in the face of genuine Latvian independence should have their holdings fully expropriated. For the time being at least, these assets shall be held directly by the state.
A State-Led Economy
In order to ensure that sovereignty and national unity are not eroded through economic channels, the state must entirely control the direction of the economy. Sectors which shall augment our independence must receive state backing.
Enshrine Vigilance
Vigilance should be defined as a national duty on all Latvians. Each citizen should be obligated to swear loyalty to the nation and uphold its martial character.
Looking Outwards
If our independence is to be secured in the long run, we must forge partnerships with nations far and wide.
Developmentalism
While we recognise the fundamentally rural character of Latvia, we cannot let modernity pass us by. The priority of the state shall be the careful creation of economic policy and the modernisation of the economy.
Apply Imanta Insights
The Imanta Regiment succeeded in repelling Bolshevik attacks as German forces looked west. While the Regiment - and other former 'Riflemen' units - are nominally under the command of the army, they have not been properly integrated into new command structures due to their outsized renown and influence, blocking the insights from their combat history from being properly internalised by military doctrinaires. This must be remedied.
Seek Scandinavian Support
In closer ties with the nations of Scandinavia lies the opportunity to reduce dependency on the European continent's great powers - a necessity if we are to assure our independence in the long-run.
Russian Rapprochement
While anti-Russian sentiments remain strong among the Lettish population, cooperation with Russia increasingly seems necessary if our independence is to be guaranteed. We should look to establish strong financial ties with the bear.
Russian Agricultural Exports
Owing to our support for the cultivation of efficient food stuffs, state storehouses overflow with surplus. In order to facilitate greater cooperation with the Russians, we should offer to sell them this surplus at a low price.
Russian Armaments Deal
Russia possesses a vast array of armaments and superior research and development capabilities. With our commitment to Russia growing, we should seek to broker a formal armaments deal.
Establish A Baltic Trade Area
Trade networks throughout our nation were disrupted as barriers to trade with Estonia went up with the dissolution of the United Baltic Duchy. While stop-gap measures adopted soon after independence have alleviated the situation somewhat, more must be done. We must make a concerted effort to assure free trade with Estonia now and forever.
Blood Brothers
Latvians and Estonians bled together for freedom. Without the other, each of us would still be under the boot today. We should seek to build upon these ties to establish a common defence policy.\n\n§RGetting too close to Estonia could prevent us from pursuing an expansionist policy in the Baltics.§!
Call Our Countrymen Home
Many Russian and diaspora Latvians could be incentivised to return to Latvia. We will need them to work newly opened lands and in the factories if we are to develop economically. We must call our countrymen home.
Support Agricultural Mechanisation
The historical character of agriculture in Latvia has dis-incentivised mechanisation. The state alone can remedy this issue, purchasing and distributing the latest equipment.
Another Basket
Heavy industry cannot be found outside of Riga. Regardless of Riga's status, this reality is to our detriment. The state should plan new industrial parks in the nation's other cities.
New Forestry System
While in the past, wood has been sourced carelessly from old growth forests, new advancements are rapidly transforming forestry throughout the civilised world. A new system for the management and exploitation of the nation's forests should be implemented.
A Model Mill
The utilisation of recent breakthroughs in paper production could not only support the logging industry, but hand domestic paper producers a qualitative advantage over foreign competitors. As a proof of concept, a state-owned mill utilising a new recovery boiler for the production of paper pulp should be built, with private producers incentivised to likewise adopt the technology.
Paper Primacy
The paper industry is growing as planned. We can now shift investment towards finished paper products.
Industrial Libations
The increasingly industrialised production process of liquor presents opportunities. Such operations could easily be adapted to the production of synthetic fuels during times of war. As such, the state should enter into the ethanol and liquor business on a grand scale.
Open New Lands
While much of Latvia is arable, certain areas remain underutilised. The state should take over such places and clear them for cultivation and exploitation.
Strict Agricultural Autarky
In time of war a nation can do without luxury goods, but it cannot do without foodstuffs. We must not rely on trade to fill our stomachs. Beyond promoting the cultivation of highly efficient crops like potatoes, the cultivation of cash crops should be discouraged and import tariffs on foodstuffs slowly raised.
Patriotic Privatisation
Lands newly opened through state efforts should ultimately be individually allocated. We must be certain, however, that the state receives its due and the right people - ethnic Letts - should receive such lands. We should establish a programme to allow Lett farmers to gain a deed to new farmland in exchange for a few years of labour in state service.
Focus on Hydroelectricity
Our nation is full of poorly utilised rivers. The construction of hydroelectric dams would not only provide more electricity than suits our needs, but also support our efforts to open new lands to irrigation and agriculture.
Bogs Into Ploughshares
The marshes and bogs throughout our nation sit idly while Latvia struggles to enter modernity. They must be put to work. Some can be drained to support farming and the construction of new planned cities tailored towards specific economic sectors.
Centralise Command Structure
With the army itself properly centralised, we should now turn to the sometimes competing officer corps that emerged from the various independence movements. The civilian government must assume responsibility for the process of integrating these groups.
Rebuild The Daugavpils Shot Factory
The city of Daugavpils has long housed armaments industry with a history spanning centuries. At the end of the Great War, however, the cities machine tools were pilfered and taken to Riga by the Germans. For now, at least, the largest of the old small arms factories must be restored.
Round-Out the Armed Forces
Besides an army, we must have a navy and an air force. The patchwork air and naval units currently under the command of the army should be raised to their own independent services.
Lessons of the Weltkrieg
The Weltkrieg saw unparalleled advancement in military doctrine. We must follow the example of the great powers of Europe and carefully study it.
Expand the Aizsargi
Originally formed as an auxiliary militia force during the struggle for independence, the Aizsargi 'Guards' organisation has increased the amount of nationalist volunteers loyal to the central government alone. As it has outgrown its original purpose, we should reconstitute the organisation as the paramilitary wing of national government and embed its members into the armed forces.
Distributed Defence
Our small nation will likely be under constant threat from larger powers. As such, citizens must be required to keep firearms at home and receive basic martial and ideological training. §GOnce the Latvian army has been completely reorganised, Kurelis may want to extend its borders.§!
A Third Concert
Though the second concert of Europe was shattered by the Weltkrieg, a new system of alliances and power balancing has emerged. We should join the concert, whether through armed neutrality or the creation of formal military alliances.
Facilitate Global Trade
With fledgling industries perhaps ready to compete abroad, we should look to create the physical infrastructure necessary to facilitate international trade.
Iskolat Focus Tree
Second Iskolat Republic
While the first Latvian Socialist Republic was crushed by reactionary forces, the will of the people has now achieved victory. A new socialist Latvia shall emerge.
Found The Red Army
While some fear that the army could again become a reactionary fifth column, through careful management and proper ideological training these concerns can be put to rest. We must have a single national army, loyal to the people's party alone.
Reorganise The Men
We cannot allow reactionaries to undermine the party through the army. The army must be structured on fundamentally revolutionary ground suited to the conditions of Latvia. The various militias shall be centrally organised only under the auspices of the party itself, their structure unchanged.
Red Peasantry
Much of the support for the revolution came not from the cities, but from the countryside. We must reassess our priorities and focus on providing material benefits towards the peasants and rural labourers.
Eliminate Internal Contradictions
Internal reactionary elements have been overcome, but some reactionaries still cling onto power at the local level. The past actions of all office holders must be assessed with proletarian leaders installed at all levels.
Efficient Agriculture
To provide sufficient agricultural surplus, inefficient crops preferred by the merchants of Riga should be replaced entirely with more efficient ones. A nation runs on its stomach, not its decadent niceties.
Begin Urban Restructuring
In the cities, decadence and waste abounds. In order to finance economic restructuring and ensure that urban reactionaries cannot disrupt the process, certain categories of luxury goods must be seized to the last.
The Future of Latvian Socialism
While many in the government sympathise with the ideological direction of the old Bolsheviks, the ascendency of syndicalism cannot be denied. We must decide whether or not to embrace the syndicalist model.
Look Again to Bolshevism
Armed with Bolshevik ideology, the path of socialist construction is clear - communism is certainly just over the horizon. We shall not compromise national prosperity for any reason.
Implement Committee Recommendations
Quietly, a central state planning committee was established. While this body, the VPK, has already completed its assessment of the national economy and drawn up several plans for the promotion of heavy industrialisation, until now, we have been too preoccupied to see its designs through - let us at last implement its central recommendations.
Begin Rural Collectivisation
While many who exploited the labour of the rural workers and peasants fled before the revolution, the need to focus on top-level political affairs has since left the countryside in a sort of economic limbo. No longer! The time has come to fundamentally redefine the nature of Latvian agriculture.
Communal Experimentation
To achieve communism we must move beyond collectivisation. Some state owned agricultural areas can be put to specific use as a sort of living laboratory wherein methods of communal, rather than collective, agriculture are tested.
Smash the Kulak Class
While most rich peasants have been rightfully expropriated, their stranglehold over rural society remains. They must be definitively dealt with.
New Industrial Network
Heavy industry is all but non-existent within the nation's smaller cities. If the Latvian people are to progress to a higher state of human development, none must find themselves at such a great distance from economic modernity. We should build new industrial parks in small cities across the nation.
To Each According to His Need
Suburban labourers have often been ignored in socialist discourse. Yet it is they who are not necessarily proletarian or peasant who have often formed the core of socialist mass movements. We should reward their support and provide all suburbanites of a proper class background with financial support.
Lettisation
Each people must develop a proper national consciousness in order to progress into socialism and ultimately communism. While Latvia is a multiethnic state, it is the Lettish majority which most lacks such a consciousness and requires the state's attention. Ethnic Letts should be officially prioritised in all development initiatives.
The Centralist Line
The unity of the people's leading party is essential to the proper conduct of socialist government. As such, we must do more to combat factionalism and propagate the norms of democratic centralism throughout the party.
Revolution in One Country
While we recognise the need to spread the revolution abroad, we must also recognise that the revolution must be protected wherever it exists, especially our own lands.
World Revolution
The revolution shall not be safe until the forces of reaction across the globe have been defeated. We must secure the protection of the Third Internationale and help any peoples who struggle to achieve socialism for themselves.
Fueling the Industry
The marshes and bogs throughout our nation sit idly while Latvia struggles to enter modernity. They must be put to work. Some can be drained to support farming and the construction of new planned cities tailored towards specific economic sectors.
A Syndicalist Model
Syndicalism has ended bourgeois economic and political domination in some of the most powerful nations on the planet, and its merits cannot be denied. In order to facilitate cooperation with the nations of the Third Internationale we shall attempt to forge a middle path between Bolshevism and Syndicalism.
Recalling the Exiles
Many Latvian socialists fled abroad with the suppression of the October Revolution. We should facilitate both their return and the return of other ideologically upright Latvians abroad.
Global Fraternity
A fledgling socialist state like ours has much to learn from the juggernauts of the Third Internationale. High-level civilian and military administrators must be stationed abroad on a regular rotating basis. If decisions must occasionally be made, in part at least, from Paris or London, so be it.
French Political Advisors
Syndicalism has become the accepted political orthodoxy in the Commune of France. The people engage with the political system entirely within a properly syndicalist framework. We should secure French political advisors in order to accomplish such a cultural transformation domestically.
A Living Exposition
Liepāja is relatively unremarkable in the eyes of the syndicalist powers. We shall remake it grander than anything yet seen. The city should be slowly rebuilt entirely, streets widened drastically, tenements replaced with monuments to the victory of syndicalism and modern multi-story housing complexes constructed on the basis of efficiency.
Urban Warfare Training
While in the past, men cowered behind city walls before the enemy, cities themselves have become a nigh-impervious obstacle for invading armies in the modern day. If our men are to defeat a much more numerous enemy, they have receive training in modern urban combat.
Centralised High Command
For a smaller force like ours, strategic cohesion trumps tactical flexibility. We must establish a strategic planning office and train the men to obey central orders to the letter regardless of conditions on the ground.
Focus on Armoured Warfare
While many hold firm to the military orthodoxy developed during the Weltkrieg, we know that technological advancements shall make the next war very different from the last. A mechanised army supported by armour can punch far above its weight.
Military-Youth League Integration
The national youth movement has been effective in ensuring martial prowess and ideological correctness among the populace. It should be placed under the auspices of the armed forces, and the ideologically reliable youth league leaders integrated into military leadership.
Play To Our Advantages
Above all else, a model socialist man is disciplined and vigilant. Let us apply lessons learned in the civilian sector to the military, ensuring order and discipline in the ranks.
Department of Industrial Affairs
While we shall not cede central political authority to labour unions, in line with the ideals of syndicalism, local unions must have a role in administration. We should create an administrative body within the auspices of the party itself, not the state, to oversee the inevitably complicated de jure relationship of the party with the various unions carrying out the party line.
Establish Industrial Jurisdictions
Competition between trade unions has been a consistent problem across the syndicalist world. The role of the unions in local administration must be rigidly defined, with jurisdictions carefully delineated.
Organise Union Councils
In order to dis-incentivise unions from attempting to undermine central authority, they must have a direct line of contact with representatives of the central state. Within each administrative region, an advisory to the party's regional governor must be established, comprised of the various unions and able to redraw their own administrative jurisdictions.
Ensure Armaments Flow
In the near term at least, domestic armament production will certainly remain insufficient. We should secure a regular flow of arms from the Commune of France.
Latvian Air Force
We have gone from partisan movement to proper army, and must seek modern weaponry to stay that way. With support of our allies, we can start building modest yet mighty air defence force.
A Guerrilla Army
We cannot hope to defeat one of the great powers of Europe in a set-piece battle. Through asymmetric warfare, however, we can impose unacceptable costs on any invading foe. We must orient our forces towards the exploitation of the terrain and weather.
A Gun In Every Hand
Reactionaries possess an undeniable material advantage. We must focus on the simplification of armaments in order to facilitate sufficient levels of production to make up for this.
Cult of the Volunteer
Ideas can inspire dedication. Rather than implementing a harsh conscription policy with its own drawbacks, we should focus on the romanticisation of combat and volunteer fighters in the popular image.
Workers, Peasants, and Soldiers
The synthesis between military and civilian life must be total. Martial training must be established in all places of business to prepare workers for the inevitable bloody struggle against reaction.
The Patriotic Front
It is inevitable that certain elements will hold views at odds with the people and their great party. We should bring some such individuals into the national parliament contingent on their loyalty to the party and acceptance of its leading political position, while those who refuse to uphold these principles shall be made examples of publicly. Perhaps these comrades in all but name can lead unsavoury elements into the light.
Political Correctness
The people are the party and the party is the people. Our nation must be one cohesive entity. To ensure that the ideals of the revolution and especially the principle of democratic centralism are upheld, the private sphere and the public sphere must become one and the same. State security officials should embed themselves amongst the masses, enforcing the party line and given the autonomy to act as judge and jury in their dealings with reactionary elements.
Implement Armaments Industry Plan
The VPK has drawn up a second plan for the proliferation of armaments industry across newly industrialised areas. With the basis for socialist construction established, we should implement the plan.
Proletarianisation
The rural peasantry, influenced by Bolshevism, enabled the establishment of socialism in Latvia. We must win them over to the new syndicalist party line. To accomplish this, newly redistributed plots should be grouped together to form new owner cooperatives on the model of industrial unions. Though these unions, the new norms of the party can be instilled.
The Great Liberator
Comrade Peterss was central to the victory of the revolution and the embrace of syndicalism alike. The people must be encouraged to value his leadership with every fibre of their being.
Phalanstère Cooperation
The nations of the Third Internationale have created a robust framework for technical cooperation. We must join this cooperation to improve the life of all Latvians.
The Workers Economy
Syndicalism, like the party, places the worker first. The Industrial Affairs Department must ensure that all union representatives accept this simple truth and ensure the adherence of union members.
Communard Tactical Expertise
The French have learned much from their defeat in the Weltkrieg, casting aside old and ineffective doctrine in favour of the new. We should request Communard experts to assist in the modernisation of our forces.
Liepājas Metalurgs
Daugavpils Skrošu Rūpnīca
Vairogs
Rīgas Autobusu Fabrika
Valsts Elektrotehniskā Fabrika
Liepājas Karaosta Darbnīcas
Rīgas Kugu Būvētava
Dual Rule
The Latvian republic was born out of two organisations, and two ambitious men joining in a fragile alliance against the German scourge. The Latvian partisans fought for Latvia, but the Latvia they envisioned differs from person to person - some want a national, patriotic state under a recognised leader, others look up to the socialist Iskolat. Now that the Germans have been evicted, these differences need to be resolved.
Latvieši, neaizmirstiet Rīgu!
The beating heart of Latvia, its eternal capital, has been stolen away from us - our partisans have failed to secure the city and a \
Desperate Situation
§RThis situation could be resolved on its own as the country regains enough §YStability§! and the government cements its power.§!
Disorganised Economy
The loss of Riga, with all its expertise and capital, has wreaked havoc on our economy. We need to organise an economy that is based around the Latvian people, not a tiny minority.
Reorientation Programme
The Latvian state is intentionally upending domestic trade networks.
Land Reform
The Latvian state is intentionally upending domestic trade networks and capital ownership structures.
One Nation - Two Armies
Latvia possesses two often competing armies operating under a woefully insufficient common command structure.
Bifurcated Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority though problems remain.
Imperial Presidency
Not only does the Latvian constitution impose few restrictions on state power, the directorial system established by the former transitional government has been undermined by the concentration of executive power.
Limited Executive Authority
Though the Latvian constitution imposes few restrictions on state power, it also enshrines the decentralisation of executive authority. Outside observers have labelled Latvia as an authoritarian directorial republic.
State Capitalism
The Latvian state sets the direction of economic development and state-owned companies abound.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Russian Grain Exports
Latvia exports cereals to Russia in large numbers.
Baltic Trade Area
Latvia and Estonia have adopted a common trade policy and agreed to maintain uniform product and industrial standards moving forward.
Latvians Return Home
Latvians abroad, particularly those in the former Russian Empire, return home in large numbers.
Latvians Flee Russia
In response to the ethnic tensions and a crackdown on the Latvian people, many Latvians, most of them ethnic Letts, have begun to flee Russia for the newly independent state of Latvia. While the Russian nation has attempted to suppress the mass exodus on the border, immigration is enforced lightly, with hundreds of Latvians cross over into Latvia daily.
State-Led Mechanisation
The Latvian state is aggressively promoting the mechanisation of agriculture, purchasing and distributing modern equipment and blatantly favouring mechanised operations in state contracts.
The New Forestry System
Latvia has implemented a new management system in order to transform the nation's forests into engines of economic growth. Under the system, most of the nation's forests have come under nominal state ownership with the state leasing parcels to interested parties for pennies on the dollar and subsidising their exploitation. Lease holders are required to dedicate a large percentage of their allotments to modern monoculture tree farming while avoiding deforestation whether through the preservation of old growth or planting of new growth trees.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
Economic Awakening
Eventually the Latvian economy was able to recover and became a central pillar of the Eastern European and Baltic Sea economy. This will allow the country to experience strong growth, accompanied by an increase in the standard of living and military and civilian production.
Agricultural Independence
Owing to state policy, Latvian farms produce a disproportionately large quantity of foodstuffs and little else.
Unified Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority.
Unified Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority.
Well-Organised Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been organised according to the latest innovations and have been brought fully under state authority.
Aizsargi
The Aizsargi 'Guards' organisation has been reconstituted as a paramilitary force within the Latvian armed forces.
Strength in Numbers
Latvian leaders believe that only active foreign policy and the backing of larger powers can safeguard the independence of small nations. Latvia should not only seek to form formal defence commitments but also send troops abroad in disproportionate numbers.
Armed Neutrality
Latvia has embraced armed neutrality. It seeks to bolster its defences while staying out of formal military alliances.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
The New October
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
The Syndicalist Model
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
Global Fraternity
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
The Value of Leadership
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
Early State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
Partial State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
State Land Ownership
The central state directly owns large swaths of cultivated land, directly managing the development of collective forms of agriculture in those areas.
Communal Agriculture Experimentation
On state-owned lands, the Latvian government experiments with various forms of communal, rather than collective, agriculture. While it has yet to attempt to implement broad communalisation, this programme has brought advancement in management techniques.
Dekulakisation
The rich peasant, or Kulak, class is slowly being removed from economic and political power throughout the Latvian countryside. Some speculate these policies are just the precursor to more definitive actions against the Kulaks.
Abolition of Private Plots
Private ownership of farm land has, nominally at least, been abolished. The Latvian state is slowly but surely overseeing the amalgamation of various private plots redistributed in the wake of the revolution into large collectives.
Mixed Agricultural System
While the Latvian state encourages the collectivisation of agriculture, private plots owned by the farmers who work them under a state contract system are tolerated.
A Socialist Crusade
The Latvian Socialist Republic believes its security can only be guaranteed through the achievement of a global socialist revolution. As such, it sends an outsized number of armed volunteers abroad.
Communard Political Advisors
The Commune of France has sent political advisors to the Latvian Socialist Republic.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Red High Command
At the expense of tactical flexibility, Latvia has bolstered its central military planning capabilities greatly and promoted rigid adherence to planning amongst the men.
Bolshevist Army
Loyal to the Party, Loyal to the People. The Latvian army enforces iron discipline on its soldiers.
Red Through and Through
Regardless of occupation, all Latvians engage in frequent ideologically-charged martial drills in the workplace.
A Guerrilla Army
Latvian military doctrine recognises the futility of attempting to fight set-piece battles against much larger nations. It instead focuses on the utilisation of terrain and weather and asymmetric warfare in general.
A Gun in Every Hand
Domestic simplification of foreign small arms designs has received broad state support. While some Latvian-produced arms lack the polish of foreign designs, they shoot just as well and can be more easily produced.
Communard Military Advisors
The Commune of France has sent military advisors to the Latvian Socialist Republic.
The Generālis
Latvia will attack in two weeks!
You will unlock a national spirit that will change as a result of the reforms undertaken
§GThis action will have the effect of getting our economy back on track after some time.§!
While we have taken the Pearl of the Baltic, the struggle with the Germans of the city has left our leaders rightfully wary.
The jewel in the crown, the Pearl of the Baltic, Riga, eludes us yet, and it may continue to unless the nation's other cities are strengthened.
Finish the Fight
Mr. President, may I ask you what you are doing on that tank?\n\n'Sir. Finishing this fight.'
Join The Moscow Accord
The time has come to sign a formal military alliance with the Russian bloc.
Strike at [FROM.GetNameDef]
The situation in [FROM.GetNameDef] has gotten out of hand. We must intervene.
State Visit to Russia
To kickstart a new era of relations with Russia, Kurelis has planned a state visit. Let us get to it.
State Visit to Estonia
To kickstart a new era of relations with Estonia, Kurelis has planned a state visit. Let us get to it.
Seek [FROM.GetAdjective] Financing
In order to secure [FROM.GetAdjective] financial support, a plan to establish joint state companies has been drafted. We only need approval.
United Defence Policy
The Estonians have long been our brothers in arms. Should they fall, we shall surely follow. As such, we should seek the exchange of mutual defensive guarantees with Tallinn.
Brothers Once Again
In order to safeguard our independence in this dark hour, a proposal to upgrade the alliance with Estonia has been put forward.
Our Comrades to the South
Our fellow Balts, the Lithuanians, have finally joined us in breaking free from the grip of the Germans. If we stand together, we will stand stronger!
Mines and Mills
Many areas newly cleared of Peat are rich in iron. The state must immediately push for the exploitation of these deposits and the settlement of these areas. To achieve this, modern steel mills shall be built as close as possible to these areas without sacrificing efficiency.
Electricity From Peat
Military Decisions
The new Latvian army must be built from scratch. It must begin with a series of reforms in order to be able to compete with the armies of the German oppressors and our bellicose neighbours.
Reorganise The High Command
The structure of the army high command can at last be addressed.
New Training Facilities
The great powers of the world utilise highly specialised facilities for the training of troops. We should study their practices and emulate them.
Latvia
Latvian
Latvia
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Jēkabs Peterss
Jēkabs Peterss was born to ethnic Latvian farmers. At 22, he left Latvia and the Russian Empire for London where he contributed to the development of the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party. He returned to Latvia after the outbreak of the Bolshevik Revolution in the country but fled in civilian clothes from German troops as they closed in on the last remnants of the first Iskolat Republic during the Russian Civil War. After a stint in neutral Sweden and later the newly-established Union of Britain, Peterss left his British family once again and slipped back into the United Baltic Duchy along with other Latvian former Bolsheviks, and took a leading role in organising the workers and peasants of western Latvia along old Bolshevik lines.\n\nAs the undisputed leader of the restored Iskolat Republic, Peterss seeks to, at last, fulfil the economic and political promises made to the common people back in 1917.
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1886, in Briņķi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_jekabs_peterss_desc_body$ To that end, in order to facilitate integration with the nations of the Third Internationale and secure the Latvian people their place in the world, Peterss has promulgated the ideological harmonisation of revolutionary syndicalism and Bolshevism in the Latvia Communist Party.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1886, in Briņķi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_jekabs_peterss_desc_body$§!
Ernests Morics
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1889, in Stende, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LErnests Morics was born in the north of Courland in 1889. During the Bolshevik Revolution, he made robust connections with labour leaders in Latvia's cities. Rather than flee abroad with his comrades before the ultimate end of the first Iskolat Republic, Morics found shelter among the ethnically diverse labour unions of the city of Riga.\n\nOwing to the predominantly agricultural character of Latvia, he failed to make inroads beyond the relatively small urban centres. Upon the re-founding of a socialist Latvia, he left Riga for Liepāja where he swore allegiance to the new state. Now, however, he has come to power in the Iskolat Republic in his own right. What Orthodox Syndicalism should look like in a nation of peasants is anyone's guess.§!
Constitutional Assembly
§YFounded:§! §L1936, in Valmiera, Vidzeme Canton, Latvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Constitutional Assembly is a temporary body which collectively serves as the provisional head of state of the new Latvian state. What or who will replace it is uncertain, but it surely will be superseded.§!
Pauls Kalniņš
During the Russian Civil War, Kalniņš became the de facto leader of the right-wing of the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party that refused to participate in the Iskolat Republic, even in the face of German domination. He instead lead his faction into a tentative alliance with the short-lived moderate-conservative independence movement headed by Kārlis Ulmanis, and along with Ulmanis acquiesced to German political control. Even after Ulmanis left the nascent Baltic Duchy to organise anew for Baltic independence in the Russian Republic, Kalniņš remained and
a leading voice for native Balts - Latvians and Estonians alike - in the face of a hostile ethnic-German nobility.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1872, in Mazpečuļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_start$ became $LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_end$\n\nKalniņš, as leader of the opposition in the Baltic Landtag, the Democratic Bloc, was typically willing to work with the German liberals under Paul Schiemann, although he often decried Schiemann's economic and political reform agenda as insufficient. When the Baltic Duchy swiftly devolved into chaos following Black Monday, Kalniņš finally threw his lot in with the Baltic independence movements, bolstering them substantially and seeing his star rise rapidly in the Latvian camp. With the establishment of a free Latvian Republic, Kalniņš was declared its provisional president.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1872, in Mazpečuļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_start$ has become $LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_end$§!
Margers Skujenieks
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1886, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMargers Skujenieks was born in 1886 in Riga. He left the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party prior to the establishment of the Iskolat Republic, and though this action cost him much of his influence among the Latvian centre-left, he eventually built a power base among ethnic Latvians in Riga and the surrounding region.§!
Pēteris Juraševskis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1872, in Pilnzābaki, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPēteris Juraševskis was born in Courland in 1872. He participated, along with Ulmanis, in the aborted right-wing Latvian government during the Russian Civil War. Under the United Baltic Duchy, he became a prominent advocate for the Latvian middle class in Courland and won a few high-level concessions from the German-dominated government, though these victories won him only limited acclaim among the Latvian population. Now, as leader of Latvia, he seeks to turn the new country into a stable democracy where the rights of all are respected within the framework of an ordered legal process.§!
Kārlis Ulmanis
Kārlis Ulmanis was born to wealthy farmers, and fled to the United States in light of his activism during the 1905 protests and the Russian crackdown. He organised in German-occupied Courland during the Weltkrieg and upon the outbreak of the Bolshevik Revolution, began to organise Latvian anti-socialists to proclaim independence. Following the German intervention, however, Ulmanis and his fellow leading conservatives unsuccessfully attempted to forge a middle path between independence and acquiescence to the German occupiers.\n\nWhile increasingly eclipsed by a younger generation of Latvian politicians, Ulmanis nonetheless was highly influential in developing the structure of the provisional Latvian government.
Now, as head of state in his own right, Ulmanis seeks to develop a state where the interests of ethnic Latvian landowners are advanced within an orderly and efficient framework
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$ $LAT_karlis_ulmanis_leader_desc_mid$.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$ $LAT_karlis_ulmanis_leader_desc_mid$, though he has governed in an increasingly authoritarian manner as needed.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$§!
Jānis Kurelis
Jānis Kurelis was born to a family of civil servants. He was eventually commissioned as a lieutenant in the Russian army and served with distinction in both the war with Japan and the Weltkrieg. During the Russian Civil War, he led a group of White-aligned Latvian soldiers in Siberia nominally swearing allegiance to the nascent Latvian proto-state which emerged under German occupation and opposed the Iskolat government in Liepāja. He eventually returned to Latvia along with his loyal rifleman in the chaos shortly before German control was fully consolidated; under the nominal authority of the former anti-communist Latvian government, he began to organise armed Latvian resistance to German rule in the Baltic in cooperation with his fellow in Estonia.\n\nKurelis's \
of which he leveraged his role at the head of the organisation to consolidate control over Latvia.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$, $LAT_janis_kurelis_leader_desc_mid$ Though he governs according to constitutional principles, as head of both state and government, Kurelis is afforded much breathing room by the nation's basic law.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$, $LAT_janis_kurelis_leader_desc_mid$ Now, Kurelis's control over Latvia is total and he governs as he pleases without any effective legal checks on his power.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$.§!
Kristaps Upelnieks
Kristaps Upelnieks was born in 1891 in southeastern Latvia. He returned to Latvia before even Kurelis himself and rose through the ranks of the \
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1891, in Klūgi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_kristaps_upelnieks_desc_body$ His governing principles are modelled on the precepts of Kurelis himself.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1891, in Klūgi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_kristaps_upelnieks_desc_body$§!
Gustavs Celmiņš
From an early stage, Gustavs Celmiņš aligned with ethnic Latvian nationalists within the heavily German city of his birth, drawing the ire of the newly formed United Baltic government based there. He eventually dropped out of university and joined the \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1899, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_gustavs_celmins_desc_body$ Now as the leader of Latvia, his dream of a Latvian nation united and purified of any possible foreign elements may become a reality.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1899, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_gustavs_celmins_desc_body$§!
Vilis Lācis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1904, in Rīnuži, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Alfrēds Bīlmanis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1887, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jūlijs Daniševskis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1884, in Dobele, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Kārlis Karlsons
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1907, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Kaminskis
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1878, in Dzeņi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Alberts Kviesis
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1881, in Ērgļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Balodis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1881, in Vēžnieki, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Kornēlijs Veitmanis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1899, in Dumpuri, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Ludwig Adamovich
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1884, in Kubala, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mārtiņš Peniķis
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1874, in Atālmauļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Oskars Dankers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1882, in Liepsalas, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Teodors Spāde
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1891, in Ventspils, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Pēteris Radziņš
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1880, in Jaunsvīdzes, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Eduards Kalniņš
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1876, in Plauži, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Vilis Janums
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1894, in Ilziņi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Bērziņš
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1889, in Kliģene, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Indāns
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1895, Indāni, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Artūrs Silgailis
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1895, in Mežmuiža, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Fridrihsons
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1892, in Ļaudona, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Voldemārs Ozols
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1884, in Vidreja, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Army Reform Council
§YFounded:§! §L1936, in Liepāja, Kurzeme Canton, Latvian Republic§!
Kārlis Irbītis
A New October!
Before France, before Britain, the Russian Empire raised the red flag, overthrowing its masters in the Great October Socialist Revolution of 1917 under the wise leadership of Vladimir Lenin and the Bolshevik Party. However, the material conditions of Russia proved to be insurmountable for the revolutionaries, and in a gruesome civil war, this revolution was destroyed by the reactionary powers.\n\nThose Russian socialists who survived eventually abandoned the Bolshevik ideas, believing them to have failed in practice, and adopted influences from the French and British syndicalists. But the Latvian socialists remained stalwart in their loyalty to Lenin's ideas. Before the Revolution, Latvia was the Bolshevik Party's greatest stronghold, it was the Latvian Riflemen who formed the first units of the Red Army, so even after Soviet Russia was destroyed, the Latvian exiles kept the spirit of the Party alive.\n\nEventually, they established a modest stronghold by the Baltic Sea, and now, they have returned to Moscow, where they may finally shed the shell of the Latvian socialist republic and restore the dream of Lenin - a Soviet Union of the peoples of the former Russian Empire. Lenin, Trotsky and the other martyrs of 1917 will finally be honoured.
The Country of October rises again!
Repudiate the Failure of October
The Great October Revolution was supposed to bring a socialist revolution to the entire Russian Empire, but it was suppressed by the reactionaries. We, the remnants of the Bolsheviks, have returned to Moscow, and can finally avenge this failure. The Union of Soviets shall rise again!
VKP (b) - Centristy
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks))
VKP (b) - Oppozitsiya
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)) - Rabochnaya Oppozitsiya (Workers' Opposition)
VKP (b) - Oppozitsiya
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)) - Levaya Oppozitsiya (Left Opposition)
October Restored
Soviet Russia, upholding the tenets of Leninism, was destroyed by the reactionaries in 1920, but has now been restored with the effort of the Latvian proletariat. Now, no reactionary or revisionist shall ever overthrow it!
Formulate Marxism-Leninism
Now entrenched in Russia, we must turn the memory of Lenin's ideas and the brief experience of the Soviet republic into a concise ideology, one which can rival Syndicalism. Marxism-Leninism eschews the decentralisation of our Syndicalist opponents and promotes the supremacy of the Party vanguard, a collective of dutiful socialists who can orchestrate the construction of socialism effectively.
Establish the Red Army
Syndicalist experiments at militias and communal defence have shown their weakness. The socialist motherland can only be defended by a strong, centralised military which is overseen by ideological commissars to ensure their loyalty to the Revolution.
Supremacy of the Party
The Communist Party is the only driving force of socialism in the Union. Trade unions, communes, the army, law enforcement and all other institutions must be under the complete control of Party officials, to ensure their loyalty to Marxism-Leninism from beginning to end.
Breakneck Industrialisation
Our experience in Latvia has shown that central planning and a massive focus on industry can turn even a small state into an industrial powerhouse in a mere five years. Let us replicate this experience across the scale of the entire Union, and witness our potential grow.
Collectivisation
In Latvia, we replaced private farms with agricultural collectives and witnessed the amount of grain extracted grow. To fuel our industrial potential, we must have a powerful agricultural base which can export grain to the world - and so, we shall begin collectivisation across the entire Union.
Construct Humanity Anew
Above all, we must pursue the creation of a New Man - a New Soviet Man. Old traditions and ignorance will be uprooted, and replaced with ideals which will help us establish a socialist paradise. The new humanity will be intelligent, educated, atheist, heroic, and loyal to the home of socialism.
World Revolution
Our ultimate goal should be no less than the liberation of all of humanity - and we shall do it solely our way. Not as a puppet of the Syndicalists, but as a vanguard force which will destroy reactionaries and revisionists alike, bringing forth a new, socialist world.
Our Natural Borders
Once envisioned as the expanse of the Soviet republic in 1917, the borders of the Russian Empire must once again become our borders. The peoples of these lands will be integrated into the Union as sister republics.
Onwards to Europe!
The European proletariat yearns to be liberated by the might of the Red Army. We shall provide this liberation, via force, if necessary.
Liberation of Asia
The massive numbers of the Asian workers, peasants and proletarians have suffered for long enough. The might of the Red Army will break their shackles.
Unstoppable Advance
There shall be no rest until the flag of the socialist revolution flies across the entire world - old world, new world, it matters little in the face of historical inevitability. All reactionaries and revisionists who stand in our path will be crushed.
Marxism-Leninism
World Revolution
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade European States§!
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Asian States§!
Cores will be gained upon all owned claims.
