Last Stand
Portugal's Last Stand
As the enemy forces have broken through our borders, our armies find themselves cornered. With little room to retreat and an overwhelming force on the other side, our chances of victory are slim. Nevertheless, we must press on and defend our people from the attackers, no matter the cost. So we shall fight on until Lisbon is occupied!
Audaces Fortuna Juvat!
The Fall of Portugal
Despite the brave efforts of our armies, the truth is as bitter as it is undeniable. We cannot hold on the continent any more, as the enemy forces are overwhelming ours, swiftly advancing over our lands with little we can do about it. Thankfully, the Portuguese Empire is vast, and we can still retreat to our colonies for now, and plan for a way for us to liberate our homeland from there.
Despite the brave efforts of our armies, the truth is as bitter as it is undeniable. We cannot hold on any longer, as the enemy forces are overwhelming ours, swiftly advancing over our lands with little we can do about it.
We must resist!
Rejoin the Entente?
With the loss of our continental possessions, the return of our rightful government seems unlikely, at least not on our own, as we face overwhelming odds. Luckily, we still have diplomatic connections, and we can contact our former allies once more so that they can, hopefully, help us regain our homeland.
Contact the [ENT.GetAdjective].
Portugal Re-approaches Us
With the Portuguese defeat in the mainland, and their retreat to the colonies, Portuguese emissaries have contacted us recently requesting Portugal to be able to rejoin the Entente. While the defeat in the Weltkrieg left a bitter taste on most Entente members, the Portuguese still remained in good terms with us, even if they slowly drifted away over the years. How should we respond to their request?
Welcome Back.
Without the Mainland, Portugal is Useless to Us.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
Despite the loss of our continental holdings, our allies still value us and have allowed us to join their efforts to reclaim their homelands as well as ours.
With the loss of our continental holdings, our former allies have deemed us an unnecessary weight on the alliance and refused our request to join their faction. While we may still endure and retake our homeland, the chances of it ever happening have undisputedly grown dimmer...
Together for Victory!
Have the British gone mad?
The Portuguese Collapse
With the collapse of the Portuguese Mainland Army, the harassing forces having been pulled out of Africa. The funding has dried up and the weapons removed. This is both the final proof that they were behind the chaos at the border, as well as a great relief on our forces.
With the collapse of the Portuguese Mainland Army, the meagre forces the Portuguese had left in Africa have left the front lines in a rout. Desperate, the Portuguese have been quick to sign a peace deal with Germany, and so we stand victorious once more!
One less problem to worry about.
Thus Ends the Bush War.
The Portuguese Collapse
With our forces swiftly pushing through the Portuguese lines, it seems that their government couldn't take the pressure any more and have embarked towards the colonies, cowardly evading revolutionary justice. While we have secured the Portuguese mainland, the threat of a Portuguese invasion, while unlikely, remains.
Their Time Will Come, Eventually.
Seizure Of Macau?
With the collapse of the Portuguese Colonial Empire the port and naval base of Macau has become open to us, a small detachment could easily seize it as a base for us in South China...
Seizure Of Goa?
With the collapse of the Portuguese Colonial Empire the small enclave of Goa has become open to us. A small detachment could very easily claim it as our own...
Seizure Of Timor?
With the collapse of the Portuguese Colonial Empire the territory of Timor has become open to us. A small detachment could very easily claim it as our own...
Do it!
Better to leave it, actually...
Eastern Possessions Seized!
With the Empire facing collapse, and the mainland lost, the usual vultures have taken the opportunity to seize our possessions in the Far East. Macau, Goa and Timor are now lost, occupied by [729.Owner.GetNameDef], [321.Owner.GetNameDef] and [721.Owner.GetNameDef], respectively. With our armed forces routed in Iberia, there is little we can do to stop them.
We'll come for them, eventually.
Collapse of the Portuguese Empire
With enemy forces approaching Lisbon, the Portuguese government has begun to collapse. They have nowhere to flee, no colonial holdings that their leaders could disembark.\n\nIn short, they have been cornered, and thus must face their fate along with the rest of their European citizens.
With enemy forces approaching Lisbon, the Portuguese government has decided that their position was unsustainable, and given the relative protection of the Lisbon port and the cover of the Portuguese navy, they have embarked into their ships with as many soldiers and loyalist followers they could transport and fled into exile.
$portugal_exile_events.13.d.start$\n\nThe only place they can do so are their Atlantic holdings, a weak place from which to hope for an eventual return to the continent. Thus the future of the Portuguese nation remains uncertain.
$portugal_exile_events.13.d.start$\n\nAs they regroup in their far-away colonies, the future of the Portuguese nation remains uncertain, with their government on the run and their homeland occupied for the foreseeable future.
Is this the end of the Portuguese Empire?
The Final Collapse
Despite the valiant efforts of our armies to retake our homeland, we have been thoroughly unsuccessful in our task, and the future of the Portuguese nation remains bleak. With morale collapsing, many of our soldiers and officers have begun deserting, asking for official pardons to the invaders in order to return to Portugal itself. Our government's position has become unsustainable, and the few ministers left still loyal to us have suggested that we should march into exile to a neutral nation to avoid capture, now that we cannot defend ourselves from those who would seek to unfairly judge us.
Maybe One Day We'll Return...
The Portuguese Government Collapses
With the loss of the mainland finally catching up to them, the Portuguese government has officially marched into exile as their forces began wavering and returning to the occupied territory. With only token forces remaining in their colonies, we can quickly seize them if we act now, as they'll have little reason or even ways to oppose us
Angola and Mozambique Are Ours Now!
The Portuguese Government Collapses
With the loss of the mainland finally catching up to them, the Portuguese government has officially marched into exile as their forces began wavering and returning to the occupied territory. With only token forces remaining in their colonies, we can quickly seize them if we act now, as they'll have little reason or even ways to oppose us
Move troops into Guinea and Cape Verde.
The Portuguese Government Collapses
With the loss of the mainland finally catching up to them, the Portuguese government has officially marched into exile as their forces began wavering and returning to the occupied territory under our control, asking for forgiveness. While Portuguese partisans still roam the countryside, the growing strength of our militias and now the collapse of the Portuguese are bound to weaken the insurrection, and soon we may be fully in control of Portugal, once and for all...
The Proletariat of Today Succeeds Where the Kings of Old Failed
Portugal Focus Tree
Portugal
Portuguese
Portugal
Portuguese Socialist Republic
the Portuguese Socialist Republic
Portuguese Socialist Republic
the Portuguese Socialist Republic
Portuguese Socialist Republic
the Portuguese Socialist Republic
PCP (Rates)
Partido Comunista Português (Rates)\n§LFollowing his expulsion in 1926, following a refusal to collaborate with the Syndicalist-dominated CGT, former General Secretary José Carlos Rates has created his own splinter organisation still standing firm on an opposition of anarchist collaboration. Still holding influence over an older contingent of Communists, Rates has grown inspired by the revisionist, nationalistic Totalist school of thought during his time in France. If he were to take back control of the Party, Rates would likely take his revenge against the ascendant left-wing that ousted him and implement a technocratic, socialist system to safeguard the revolution from within and without.§!\n
CUFU (CGT/FAP)
Comité de Unidade de Frente Única\n§LFormed with José de Sousa's alliance between the Communists and Trade Unions, the United Front Committee of Unions currently exists as a grouping of socialists, imprisoned and exiled in Paris following the failed 1930 General Strike. The General Confederation of Labour and the Portuguese Anarchist Federation are two interlinked factions, making up the Syndicalist bulwark of the United Front. The CGT is nominally led by founder Manuel Joaquim de Sousa from prison, who is represented by José da Silva Santos Arranha in Paris. The CGT is considered to be the most militant revolutionary group within Portugal, and has subsequently faced the most repression from Lisbon. The Portuguese Anarchist Federation is a wing of the Iberian Anarchist Federation, forming another political front for the CGT. Though de Sousa is a supporter of Pan-Iberian Unity, many within the CGT are at best sceptical, or at worst outwardly hostile to this position.§!\n
CUFU (PCP/FAO)
Comité de Unidade de Frente Única\n§LFormed with José de Sousa's alliance between the Communists and Trade Unions, the United Front Committee of Unions currently exists as a grouping of socialists, imprisoned and exiled in Paris following the failed 1930 General Strike. The Portuguese Communist Party has struggled since the Restoration. Under the leadership of Bento António Gonçalves, they've operated on a policy of cooperation with the Anarchists and Syndicalists, a departure from the hostitly towards them under José Carlos Rates. By following a line of pragmatism towards the revolution, the Communists hope that the United Front strategy will bare fruit in time. The Federação Socialista das Associações de Trabalhadores (Socialist Federation of Workers' Associations) represents the moderate socialist trade unionists under the United Front, who maintain a presense within Portugal due to the lack of radical actions undertaken by them. Their small size has relegated them to an intermediary role between the CGT and the PCP.§!\n
PRED
Partido Republicano da Esquerda Democrática\n§LThe Democratic Leftwing Republican Party is a Marxist, democratic-socialist party that formed in 1924, having split from Democratic Party following an ideological dispute with Afonso Costa. Leader José Domingues dos Santos has built the PRED around 'Moderação', an attempt to find a third way between the revolutionary syndicalism espoused by the Third Internationale, and the progressive liberalism of the Democrats. The failure of the 1930 General Strike has seen the PRED gain a small amount of steam among more radical minded exiles, though the CUFU still regards them with intense suspicion.§!\n
PRP
Partido Republicano Português\n§LThe Democratic Party, officially called the Portuguese Republican Party, is a centre-left, progressive party which is the self-proclaimed successor to the original Republican Party which led the 1910 republican revolution. Formed in February 1912 by Afonso Costa after the old Republican Party splintered, the Democrats were the politically dominant movement (with somewhat authoritarian tendancies) for much of the Republic's existence, until Sidonio Pais cemented his power in 1917 after which they acted as the main opposition to the conservative military dictatorship. After the restoration of the monarchy, Costa led his followers into exile and the party can be tied to almost every insurrectionist attempt to overthrow the monarchy since. Following Costa's retirement in 1931, the Democrats have been locked in a factional struggle between the populist lieutenant-colonel Liberato Pinto, who wants to reform the big-tent Democratic Party of old, and Costa's former deputy António Maria da Silva, a detail-orentated politician focused on consolidating the parties current ideology.§!\n
URN (Liberais)
União Republicana Nacionalista\n§LThe Nationalist Republican Union, colloquially referred to as the Nationalists, is a liberal-conservative party, formed in exile in February 1923, as a merger of the Republican Liberal Party, the Reconstitution Party and the remnants of the National Republican Party. The Nationalists were created to provide a stronger base to stand against the restored Monarchy, uniting the right-wing republicans under one banner. Their views are mixed, representing a wide range of interests and ideals, with their main unifying ideology being one of \
URN (Unionista)
União Republicana Nacionalista\n§LThe Nationalist Republican Union, colloquially referred to as the Nationalists, is a liberal-conservative party, formed in exile in February 1923, as a merger of the Republican Liberal Party, the Reconstitution Party and the remnants of the National Republican Party. The Nationalists were created to provide a stronger base to stand against the restored Monarchy, uniting the right-wing republicans under one banner. Their views are mixed, representing a wide range of interests and ideals, with their main unifying ideology being one of \
PCC
Partido do Centro Católico\n§LThe Catholic Centre Party formed in January 1915, with the initial goal of representing Catholic interests in the anti-clerical Republic. Not explicitly monarchist at first, that anti-clericalism naturally drew the Catholics into opposition. When the Republic began to collapse, the Catholic Centre withdrew their support, with some key members turning to royalist militancy themselves. Following the Restoration, the Catholic Centre was the largest formal political party in the Royal Congress. Amid the disastrous year of 1925, the 'Centrists' reconciled with the Integralists following Hipólito Raposo's more pragmatic stance on political cooperation. Backing the coup in 1926, the Catholics now dominate the Chamber of Peers and have come to support a German-style semi-constitutional monarchy. Since a factional dispute in 1920, ardent monarchist and integralist sympathiser José Fernando de Sousa has led the party, though his advancing age has led a younger caucus of members around Professor António Salazar to gain prominence.§!\n
CCM
Conselho de Causa Monárquica\n§LAn umbrella of many royalists, the Council of the Monarchist Cause represents the shaky \
IL
Integralismo Lusitano\n§LThe Lusitanian Integralist movement was born at the University of Coimbra in 1911, though the group wasn't founded until 1914. The group quickly became known as a counter-culture movement to the Republic, espousing an highly reactionary, traditionalist and elitist outlook on politics. Extremely anti-liberal and ultra-monarchist, the Integralists fought against the Democrats and the Republican system, though Integralist politicians cooperated with the Sidonist 'New Republic' dictatorship. As the restoration began, the Integralists were one of the most influential factions of the counter-revolutionaries. However, after the restoration, the Integralist's stagnated; viewed as dangerous by Couceiro, they were politically sidelined. Antonio Sardinha's sudden death threatened to collapse the organisation, but Hipólito Raposo rationalised the groups erosteric, often contradictory ideology and reconciled with other political groups, chiefly the Catholic Centre. After the disastrious year of 1925, the Integralists were able to lead a largely bloodless coup against the Causa Monárquica and swiftly consolidate power. Ever since, Raposo has put the Integralist's more radical ambitions on hold, which has led to discontent within the Central Junta.§!\n
§RShould we find ourselves in the same faction as §CSouth Africa§! or §CRhodesia§!, we won't be able to claim §YRhodesia§!.§!
Mittelafrika's aggression has been contained
Companhia União Fabril
Anglo-Portuguese Telephone
SACOR
Fábrica Militar de Braço de Prata
OGME
Edfor
Companhia da Beira Alta
OGMA
Arsenal do Alfeite
Estaleiros Navais de Viana do Castelo
LISNAVE
Black Monday
Due to its mostly agrarian economy, Portugal has suffered greatly from the fallout of Black Monday.
Partial Recovery
Despite the worst of Black Monday's after effects passing, Portugal's economy continues to suffer.
Christian Austerity
A series of mildly unpopular measures have been taken by the government to finally rid Portugal of its recession and make preparations for war. While the people wish to purchase luxury goods, there is a sense of understanding of the true dangers faced by Portugal, both economically and militarily.
Deus Salve O Rei
With the Integralist experiment ending in failure and disgrace, the King can, at long last, rid himself and the nation of their influence.
Ultramarine Empire
Poder Moderador
Whenever the Powers of the Realm are conflicting, the monarch can reserve the right to intervene in favour of his or her chosen party.
Royal Edicts
The extensive use of Royal Edicts to pass laws without the approval of the Lower House have improved government flexibility.
The Tarrafal
Tarrafal, a prison camp in the middle of Cape Verde, holds Portugal's most deranged criminals, keeping them away from both the Mainland and the Ultramarine Provinces. No one escapes Tarrafal!
The Organic Kingdom
Municipalism, tradition, and faith are the three guiding principles that will lead Portugal forward.
A Faithful State
Our state's main guideline is the faith which binds all citizens of Portugal together.
Portuguese Youth League
Thousands of youths have flocked to the Portuguese Youth League, putting their boundless energy to good use.
Patriot Youth of His Majesty
Bestowed with more functions and an increased amount of members, the Portuguese Youth League now serves His Majesty's Government at an official and grand capacity.
Organic Legal System
A decentralised legal code means that we can more effectively combat crime within the realm.
Parliament Suspended
The Portuguese Parliament has been suspended provisionally and for a short amount of time.
Integral Leadership
Municipal governments now have greater autonomy in all aspects pertinent to them, and are thus run more efficiently.
Parliament Abolished
With the abolition of the Lower House, and the vulnerability of the Upper House, Portugal's Constitutional Monarchy, as of now, is effectively dead.
Organic Economy
While each city caters to its own needs, the State intervenes whenever and wherever it is required to help prevent shortages and ensure prosperity.
Ato Colonial Enforced
Laws passed in 1927 to reform colonial organisations are now being enforced.
Colonial Administration Reformed
Younger and new colonial officers have been brought from Europe to help administer our overseas provinces.
Casa dos Estudantes do Império
The Home of the Students of the Empire is a house, paid for by the government, which helps us gather the best and brightest within the empire for service.
Cape Verde Development Effort
Significant effort is being put into developing Cape Verde in order to help increase productivity and decrease the frequency of famines.
Increasing Contratado Population in São Tomé and Príncipe
Large amounts of migrant workers have been brought to São Tomé to work in plantations and, hopefully, bring prosperity to the island. They will be, most assuredly, well taken care of by the State.
Macau Profits
With Macau now being directly administered by us, our revenue within the area has significantly increased.
Reorganised State of India
The State of India now better resembles a modern provincial organisation, and we can begin to reap the benefits of this change.
Charter Companies in Timor
Charter Companies are now investing in the oft-overlooked Timor, allowing us to finally unlock the wealth of the province, growing our exports of wood and coffee while allowing prospectors to seek out more valuable resources.
Imperial Grand Fleet Effort
As our grand fleet grows, so does our expertise in making it the colossi of threat naval battlefield.
Imperial Naval Effort
High prioritisation alongside expertise means that our shipyards can produce submarines which will follow the naval High Command's plans at a much swifter rate.
African Triumph
The German trespassers have been defeated and humiliated, while Portugal stands tall in her defiance!
Royal Standard Assembly Lines
Each and every single one of our workers are like a well oiled cog in a machine: always ready to work their utmost.
Efficient Training Regimen
New and efficient training regimens have been incorporated within the army's barracks. We can now expect troops to be ready for combat at a swifter rate.
Knights of Portucale
Heróis do Mar
It is Portugal's destiny to rule the seas, and it always has been so!
Royalist Élan
Extensive conditioning and training have made it so that our regular regiments are fearless and ready to act upon their orders at a moment's notice!
Paz sem Honra
Humiliated during the Weltkrieg and, again, during the Second Ultimatum, most of the world considers Portugal to be a second rate power that was fortunate enough to maintain its territorial integrity. However, this opinion is not shared by most senior cabinet members.
Matters of the Realm
Following years of transition, we can finally mould the Kingdom into something great. The question is, who will prevail: the Couceirists or the Integralists?
The King and His Country
The King will no longer be bound to the will of lesser men, who wish to deny him his divine right. The matter of ruling the Empire rests alone on His Royal Majesty's shoulders and those he sees fit!
The Burden of the Empire
Colonies are expensive and, often-times, unprofitable. However, our goal was never to despoil or loot, but to uplift the condition of those living in our Ultramarine Provinces. Ensuring that we do not fail our responsibility should be of utmost priority.
The Tarrafal
Tarrafal, a prison camp in the middle of Cape Verde, holds Portugal's most deranged criminals, keeping them away from both the Mainland and the Ultramarine Provinces. No one escapes Tarrafal!
Royal Edicts
While the King may require assistance to accordingly rule, his will should not nor will not be overruled.
The Moderating Power
The separation and balance of Powers between the Judiciary, Executive and Legislative branches works well in theory, however, as it stands, there are too many disagreements between these branches for the government to properly function. By giving the King the power to arbitrate such disputes, we can ensure they do not stand in the way of a new Portugal.
Pursue Syndicalist Traitors
The internationalists are nothing but hedonistic intellectuals who have poisoned the minds of the masses. Thankfully, we have a cure; imprisonment at Tarrafal!
Ban Republican Parties
The Portuguese Republicans have been tolerated for far too long; and as the time for the war between Portugal and her enemies fast approaches, we cannot allow these traitors to roam freely and undermine the State.
Império Ultramarino
Our Kingdom is spread across three continents and constitutes thousands upon thousands of acres of land. We must, and will, fight to keep and retain every inch of it!
Political Realities
The reality of the situation is that our nation is simply not a great power. Despite our extensive resources and manpower, we cannot hope to match the Hunnic or Syndie hordes that constantly threaten us. Understanding this and planning accordingly is vital in keeping the Portuguese state afloat.
Imperial Pride
Portugal is at its zenith in terms of wealth and riches; our Kingdom has never stretched so far and ruled over so many. Few empires in the history of mankind can even compare to all that has been done by us since Vasco Da Gama left our shores. We have nothing to be ashamed of, bar the fact that we are not proud enough!
Centralised Leadership
While many cities and areas enjoy a certain degree of autonomy, and some parties, such as the Integralists, see it as a good thing, it's abundantly clear that a more direct brand of leadership is required within our great Realm.
A Monarchy of Morals
The Monarch has had to cater to the needs of lesser men for far too long in order to properly rule. Now, we can finally reshape the monarchy and ensure that his Authority is, in the end, above that of Parliament's!
The Organic Kingdom
Ideally, an acceptable monarchy should support the principles of conversion, tradition, municipalism. It should be both popular with the people and decentralised in its rule, both regal in how it presents itself and representative of the people.
A State of the Faith
Portugal is and always will be a Christian nation. We were founded in His Name, we expanded with His Blessing, and, even now in our zenith, He gives us newfound will to continue reformation and better this world.
Portuguese Youth
An idle mind invites sin; surely the youth of our nation have better ways to spend their free time instead of listening to radios and/or causing mischief. They can be moulded into useful and constructive members of society.
An Organic Legal Code
A law cannot be imposed. It must emanate from the will of the people. A wise Monarch employs said laws wisely and rules fairly.
Priorities of the State
Any state must always make sure to fulfil its responsibilities. Its utmost priority is infrastructure, due to such networks being shared between municipalities and requiring centralised efforts to operate.
Patriotic Fervour
Each and every single Portuguese male understands why he stands here, in our glorious nation, today and owes it to his ancestors to fulfil the obligation of defending the Fatherland, down to the very last man.
As Armas e os Barões Assinalados
'Que da ocidental praia Lusitana, Por mares nunca de antes navegados, Passaram ainda além da Taprobana, Em perigos e guerras esforçados, Mais do que prometia a força humana, E entre gente remota edificaram Novo Reino, que tanto sublimara.' Every man who joins the Royal Military understands that he carries on his shoulders the history of thousands of glories.
Suspend Parliament
The bickering of politicians has stood in the way of peace and prosperity for far too long. Parliament shall be suspended, with the royal family and their advisors handling the affairs of the State until the deadlock is solved.
Restore Local Leadership
The counts, dukes, and marquesses of the land have, for too long, been just titular title holders, indifferent to the lands they've ruled. Now, their role shall be altered, with municipal chambers taking the lead, so as to expand local autonomy over administrative matters.
Local Autonomy
Who else would best know how to deal with problems within a community than community leaders themselves? They've lived within their local communities for hundreds of years, and can see more than just spreadsheets when they gaze upon the wheat fields and the hard working folk, who are toiling away.
Codified Decentralisation
The increase of power and autonomy for local leaders can also pave the way for future conflict between the local leadership and the central government. In order to settle these potential disputes, a codified constitution will be written to ensure a stronger, and grander, Portuguese nation.
Abolish Parliament
In his wisdom, and with much regret, the sovereign must inform the people of Portugal that the skeleton of the Parliament, with its outdated ideas, is to be banished; a House of Lords, the best and brighest of Portugal, will now exert legislative power instead of the opportunists within Parliament.
Economic Strongstance
We cannot allow the economic views and/or the concepts created by politicians to get in the way of the new Portugal. Even if it means reminding some of them who truly holds power within a Kingdom.
Régia Marinha
Our navy, while undergoing expansion during the Weltkrieg, is still not capable of properly defending our overseas provinces, nor our coastline! Relying on allied navies may not be an option available to us, so we must act now.
Raise Regúlo Regiments
Our vassal Kings, loyal and thankful subjects, must realise that tensions between us and the Huns are quickly rising. If they do not arm their subjects, they risk falling under the yoke of the Hunnic Butcher.
Colonial War Effort
Due to the increased violation of our borders by German trespassers, we've no choice but to escalate tensions further, lest we be seen as weak.
Ultramarine Effort
Our overseas provinces, while a centrepiece of the Restored Government, still lag behind in many ways when compared to the mainland and are, in many ways, threatened by those who envy what Portugal has done for her people. A new plan will be drawn up to ensure their safety and prosperity
Enforce the Colonial Act
While groundbreaking legislation has been approved in the past decades, the laws have not been enforced within our overseas provinces. We mustn't allow complacency to take hold; laws are made to be enforced and we shall enforce them!
Protect Mozambique
According to our top military experts, the best approach in defending Mozambique would be the forfeiture of its northern and unruly region, thereby establishing a safe perimeter within the Zambeze. Following this plan will help significantly improve our capacity to fend off aggression in Mozambique.
Protect Angola
The two biggest cities in Angola, Nova Lisboa and Loanda, should be our top priority in terms of defence. We must ensure that our flag flies atop these cities for eternity!
Hire Modern Administrators
Most of their colonial administrators, when granted their posts, sought an easy, laid back assignment within the tropics. It is time to replace them with new, energetic youth who will be engaged and ready to carry out our colonial mission.
Academia Imperial
The greatest upside to investing in local talent within our empire is the fact that we can consolidate brilliant minds and use their efforts to modernise Portugal.
Casa dos Estudantes do Império
A formal house for students from our overseas provinces, the Home of the Students of the Empire is now be a beacon of pride and efficiency. This investment in academia will surely have more... practical uses for our government, as well.
Expand the Ministério das Colónias
Though a Republican-era institution, the Ministry of Colonies transformed the management of the Ultramarine Provinces, though its bureaucracy is now getting outdated. Our recent reforms have provided us the opportunity to overhaul it further, bringing it into the modern age and giving us an opening to invest in the more neglected holdings.
Capital Ship Effort
Our navy is not to be sidelined and given a secondary role; what we need is a true modern fighting force that can guard our seas with absolute authority!
Naval Planning
Building and projecting naval power is more than commissioning ships or naming them, but also a matter planning and expertise. However, this is not anything that we cannot remedy or tackle.
Nau Capitania
A true fleet needs a flagship, making our goal clear; The construction of one of the world's greatest, most powerful, and modern battleships.
The Winds of Change
We cannot simply ignore the growing importance of airpower when planning our naval strategies; we will need to shift our attention to aircraft carriers, sooner or later.
A Grande Armada
Possessing a carrier fleet is more than having a few airplanes at sea; it is the possibility of power projection, both aerially and navally, and controlling the naval battlefield. Our battleships and escorts, which will defend our carriers, will rule the waves as the nation of Dom Henrique once did many years ago.
The Imperial Navy
Establishing empire wide naval production standards and procedures will be a costly effort, but will most certainly pay off in the long run; The faster and more efficient our shipyards are, the sooner we can wrest absolute control of the seas!
Escort Effort
Escorting supply convoys to our overseas provinces safely is a task requiring the utmost importance. We cannot allow the lifeblood of the empire to face external threats!
Modern Corsairs
For many centuries, Portugal had kept the Infidels near the Indian Ocean under control by using its tactical and naval expertise. Yet again, that shall be the primary goal of our new naval plans. Ensuring that we can raid, harass, and starve the large empires of our time.
Planning for Asymmetrical Warfare
Planning a war against the world's biggest navy is not, by any means, an easily accomplished task. It will require much effort and calculation with our allies, admirals, and seamen. However, the tactics we use to deal with the War at Sea will certainly be crucial.
Hunting Teams
One of the most crucial aspects of a raiding navy is operational autonomy and cooperation between the ships within the fleet. By organising our forces to act as 'Hunting Teams', which will be used to harass and attack enemy light ships and supply ships, we can ensure that our raiding navy will be extremely efficient.
Imperial Submarine Force
Establishing empire wide naval production standards and procedures will be a costly effort, but will most certainly pay off in the long run; The faster and more efficient our shipyards are, the sooner we can ensure that our enemies will feel endangered at sea!
Triumph in Africa
Against all odds, the greatest imperial power in history could do little to stand against us. We won more than just our sovereignty, but, like the great Afonso Henriques, we don't fight for conquest but for freedom. As Aetius once did, we shattered the illusion of Hunnic invincibility, and people around the world will honour with us the heroes in our struggle! Não Passarão! Angola é Portugal!
Reward our Loyal Subjects
We often see the true mettle of a vassal when his liege is on the edge of a knife. Risking everything, many who could have been complacent fought for us. Some out of genuine loyalty, others for the thrill of battle, and some simply to prevent the alternative: being ruled by the Butcher of Mahenge, who sees all non-Germans as little more than beasts of Burden. All will have their loyalty rewarded!
Redouble our Colonial Investments
With pragmatist fears of losing investments waning as we reassert our authority, we can finally begin the new phase of Colonial Development.
Imperial Loanda
Loanda is a city teeming with potential. Since we are no longer hindered by fears of German aggression, we can finally begin the investment and the reformation of the city. Because it is the capital of Imperial Africa, monuments honouring our great heroes shall be erected in the future.
Snatch Zambesia!
Because of their thirst for earthly riches, the Germans have completely failed in their duty. They've alienated their subjects within Africa and the continent itself is in a state of disarray the likes of which has never been seen before. We can capitalise upon this opportunity and expand our empire, which will see the unification of our African provinces!
The Pink Map
Because of the anarchy that has taken ahold of Africa, we may finally achieve the old goal of the Pink Map and exert control over vast swathes of land between Angola and Mozambique. While the war in the savannas, mountains, and forests will be a trying one, we fear not, for fortune favours the bold!
The Lands of the Manikongo
There is chaos in the ancestral land of the Manikongo, much of which is now controlled by a group of revolutionaries that do not respect the treaties we have with the Manikongo. While the Germans are occupied elsewhere, it is high time to remind them who is the rightful master of the Congo...
Manufacturing Focus
Portugal has long been an agricultural nation, but the march of history will not wait for those longing for rural peace; we must invest in factories as so to preserve our sovereignty.
Industrial Investments
As we focus more and more on establishing an industrial base, we must also seek out investors who will assist us in our endeavour. The task at hand will be arduous, however it will be worthwhile and we will eventually reap the bountiful benefits.
Arm our Soldiers!
Our men fight like lions, yet they are, often-times, equipped as well as lions. We must ensure that every man is capable of performing his duty. To do so, we will provide the supplies necessary in order to ensure that our guardians will safeguard the Empire!
Expand the Navy
For far too long the Royal Navy has consisted of little more than mere escort vessels for convoys. However, with current tensions beginning to rise and war looming above us like an unwelcome shadow, we must prepare our shipyards for the potential conflicts that may come our way.
Begin the Recovery
The effects of Black Monday have left our economy in a much more critical condition than that of the Crisis of '26. and our markets are devastated due to an absence of consumers. In order to remedy this situation, substantial effort must be undertaken.
Consumer Goods Industry
To a certain degree, we need to wean ourselves off of dependency from foreign made industrial goods, especially for the basic necessities of our economy.
Christian Austerity
An ideal citizen understands what is and is not needed. Luxury goods are not a necessity in times of hardship. Neither are all the amenities obtainable during peacetime. The Portuguese people possess the determination to persevere during these trying times.
The Future of Portugal
As the prospect of war draws ever closer, we must ensure that we are prepared. While Portugal is small in terms of landmass, our genius and innovation led Europe to an age of prosperity, until the savage Huns enslaved the continent under their grip of tyranny. Let us ensure that, through proper funding of universities such as Coimbra, we can gain an advantage over our enemies.
Construction Effort
The more we support state sponsored public works programmes, the faster we can pull ourselves out of this dreadful recession.
Naval Supply Chains
An overseas empire, such as Portugal, is already under a logistically massive burden. To ensure our ports are up to the task of coordination is extremely crucial.
Companhia Ferroviária Imperial
The state has given us the go ahead to redouble our infrastructural expansion efforts. Because of this, we're now able to ensure that our infrastructure is one of the finest in Europe.
The Portuguese Army
Portugal's performance in the Weltkrieg was shameful at best and dreadful at worst. This was because of the treacherous republican politicians who had got in the way of our top generals and honourable soldiers. No longer shall we allow our reputation to be tarnished!
Defence Industry Contracts
As our ever expanding army demands and requires more supplies, further lobbying efforts are required in order to supply them with what they need.
Efficient Military Assembly Lines
Despite our rapid industrial and military expansion, many of our assembly methods are subpar and our employees possess little to no behavioural discipline in the workplace. We must improve our standards lest we fall behind.
Revive Torres Vedras Lines
Should the war in Europe take a turn for the worse, we must ensure that we have a backup plan. With the support of our allies, we can hold in the small area between the Tejo and the sea, where Lisbon is located, with a relatively small, yet impenetrable, fortification line. During the Weltkrieg, the Communards failed to break our spirit during their revolution and they will fail again!
State Construction
As our needs grow militarily, so does the need for an underlying supply line.
Infantry Equipment Renewal
A modern fighting force required much more than just guns; in the wet banks of the Zambeze, shoes are a greater necessity than tanks. Ensuring our troops are equipped with the best equipment will not only increase their effectiveness, but will also increase their morale as well.
Infantry Training Effort
Moulding a young, hopeful youth into a soldier is neither cheap nor simple; but if we establish proper training regimens, we will be one step closer in ensuring that our troops are battle ready as soon as possible.
Artillery Battalions
Artillery, able to reach where infantry cannot, is of the utmost importance in the modern battlefield and establishing dedicated artillery battalions is ideal in terms of ensuring operation cohesion with our infantry divisions.
Recon and Spotting Drills
Often underestimated, recon teams and scouts are paramount to success in the modern era. Our troops will surely possess the upper hand when they can spot the enemy before being spotted themselves!
Despite our long history of operating from horseback being forgotten by many, the symbolism it portrays and its use for propaganda cannot be disregarded. We will ensure that our cavalrymen are of the best possible quality and spare no expense when training them!
Motorised Dragoons
While the concept of mechanised infantry is far from fresh, using trucks and cars to effectively complete the job is a relatively novel, albeit expensive idea. Such investment will pay dividends in the battlefield, where rapid movement is key!
Tank Experimentation
While our experience in terms of owning and fighting with tanks was limited to the Weltkrieg, we should ensure that we change this by undergoing the adaptation of foreign tank models and spur the creation of Portugal's first battle tank.
The Armoured Corps of Portugal
The establishment of an armoured corps is an expensive effort, however we trust that this investment will bring us safety and ensure that we tower above our enemies on the battlefield.
Support Squads
Those who do not understand modern warfare well are under the assumption that support squads are not essential in terms of combat. They could not be any more wrong.
Review our Military Doctrine
A major factor of incompetence on the part of our generals was due to the fact that they were not knowledgeable about the modern tactics. By utilising foreign aides, we can ensure that our staff is not only up to par, but also innovative.
Born To Rule The Sea
Ever since Portugal, in its current form, has been around, we've always controlled the seas, battled in the seas, existed and survived in the seas. We will continue to do so, using modern warfare to help better refine our tactics.
Defend our Legacy
Our core values are threatened by, but not limited to, both barbarians and syndicalists. These mobs envy all that Portugal has done in the name of innovation and advancement. We will never falter and we will never surrender!
Lusitanian Bravery
We do not fear death, especially not in the battlefield as there is no greater honour than to die in the name of our flag, our people, and our legacy!
The Grand Battery
Our battalions will focus on the production of artillery or the grand battery, as it is known. Our shells shall darken the skies of all who dare oppose the Fatherland!
Paratrooper Training
While the idea of using aircraft to aerially drop troops from the sky is not a new one, only recently was it successfully attempted and, even then, its usability and practicality are still doubted by many. What we need for such a manoeuvre to succeed is the use of special divisions, able to reorganise themselves after such a landing and fight behind enemy lines.
Special Forces Corps
What's required in a modern army are heroes, grand fighters who specialise in one particular aspect of warfare. A force composed of the cream of the crop, who can best carry out the roles and tasks assigned to them.
Portuguese Royal Air Force
Utilising support from our allies, we can establish a truly modern air force and wrest control of the Lusitanian skies.
Air Superiority Focus
An essential part of ruling the modern battlefield is also ruling the sky. Denying this simple, and factual, truth is to ignore the lessons of the Weltkrieg and the wars that preceded it.
Bombing Campaign
Our resources would be best used in the creation of an air force which can support our troops and undertake long range retaliation missions against our enemies.
Fighter Creation
Investments in fighter aircraft are crucial in the acquisition and maintenance of air superiority. The combination of our allies' expertise alongside Portuguese talent in the air will result in the finest flying machines known to man.
Close Air Support Focus
Our bombers should be adapted to assist troops on the front lines, where the fate of Portugal will truly be decided.
Carrier Adaptations
In order for our navy to reach its potential in terms of strength, carriers are required. Those carriers, however, require naval aircraft to help assist and defend our fleet.
Airpower Projection
The projection of airpower relies on both possessing numerous aircraft and how and when that aircraft is best utilised. Aerial tactics, with its manoeuvres and intricacies, are no simple matter to decipher, but our officers are up to that challenge.
Strategic Bombing
Bombing enemy production facilities and supply lines is a great way to stack the odds in our favour against better equipped and more numerous opponents. However, in order to do so, we must ensure that we have aircraft able to properly perform the tasks set aside for it.
Carrier Groups
Training naval aircraft pilots to take off and land on carriers is a monumental task in itself, but adapting our existing aircraft to complete the task is a much more arduous effort.
Ultramarine Development Campaign
The recently expanded Ministry of Colonies has been empowered to direct development efforts across the Empire. Already, various exciting developments have been scouted and planned, with an overarching aim of levelling up the smaller provinces to match our holdings in West and East Africa. It will take considerable political and economic capital to drive this development, but the vast wealth we can extract will be worth it.
Cape Verde Development Effort
At the mercy of starvation and droughts, Cape Verde needs some sort of investment in order to prosper. We must draw up plans and invest in Cape Verde in order to ensure its prosperity.
Expand Contratado Workforce in São Tomé
Plantations in São Tomé are underpopulated while Cape Verde is overpopulated. While the solution to this problem seems obvious, serious efforts must be undertaken to ensure that the workers will, not only, reach their destination, but to also ensure that tensions between both the locals and the immigrants will be minimised.
Protect and Develop Macau
Macau is a crown jewel of the empire, envied by the Chinese because of its prosperity. However, it is also very far away from the Portugal. This means that, in the case of an attack, the province would have to hold on without support. To make matters worse, the government's hold on the province is also very poor. In light of this information, we must prepare initiatives to defend and develop Macau.
Defend the State of India
The State of India, once safely protected due to the British control of the Indian subcontinent, is continually at risk of being attacked by either the Syndicalists in the east or the treacherous Princes in the south. We must make it our top priority to ensure that the State of India is well guarded from any foreign threat.
Open Charter Companies in Timor
The far-flung Province of Timor has always been one of the poorer regions in the Empire, but recent studies by the Ministry of Colonies have uncovered vast new swathes of resources. To take advantage of the untapped potential of the province, the King will enact new royal charters to encourage a wave of investment and development in Timor.
Join the Entente
It is in our best interests to join the British Empire in its global alliance, and fight at their side in the battle to restore world order.
The Weltkrieg was a farce that the young Republic of Portugal did not survive. After a short civil war, the Kingdom was restored, and despite the best efforts of bitter Republican exiles it has consolidated. With the sudden death of Manuel II in 1932, a young king with questionable legitimacy rose to the throne. King Duarte is a man of great ambition but lacks in both political tact and allies, and finds himself increasingly at odds with the radical reactionary Integralists who seek to totally transform the nation in their image. A showdown between King and Country is coming, but will young Duarte be humbled or succeed in his gambit?
GFX_POR_intro
The Kingdom of Portugal
After the disaster in the Weltkrieg, and the collapse of our forces in Mozambique and France, Portugal's usurper republic simply lacked the face and the military support to resist the Glorious Restoration. It brought Manuel II back to the throne, and his once rival claimant Duarte Nuno as his heir. The restoration, which occurred shortly after the war's end, saw the beginning of the economic recovery.\n\nHowever, reliance on British imports and exports was too great for Portugal to properly weather the storm of 1925. We were unable to even unite our lands after the fall of the British Empire, for Germany, in an act of aggression, seized those lands. With such an extensive political crisis on his hands, the then Prime Minister Paiva Couceiro called for elections; the victorious Integralists have an extensive reform agenda, while viciously anti-republican policies have polarised opinions even amongst the most staunch monarchists. However, they defer to the King for now, and they claim that they will do so indefinitely.\n\nSpain's sickness seems to never end, as more chaos looms in the world and threatens Portugal. In Africa, [MAF.GetLeader] and his Hunnic goons sabotage our endeavours, forcing our hand to return the favour, and tensions are fast escalating. But no matter what may come, we trust that Portugal will stand tall.
§MIntegralists§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot At the start of April, when the event \
The Colonial Exposition of [GetYear]
Thousands have gathered for Portugal's first large scale Colonial Exposition. While the Kingdom's restoration, and other trials and tribulations it has been forced to endure, have challenged it, Portugal did not shy away from its civilising burden and redoubled its efforts to improve the Ultramarine Provinces, which are as essential as Porto or Lisbon. Many wonders and trinkets from all over the world have been brought to Lisbon for the occasion, including an entire Angolan village as an anthropological curiosity. While the endeavour was expensive, it reinforces our commitment to the Colonial Cause.
Grand!
Black Monday Hits Portugal
While economic ties between us and Germany have never been as large or interconnected as with other European nations, the cascade effect of the Black Monday Crisis has hit Portugal with great force. With an economy mostly based on agricultural exports, and most industries focused on the rearmament plan, our usual consumers cannot afford our products and, thus, Portugal's economic situation is, yet again, in dire straits. Let us hope that we've learnt much from the lessons of the '26 Crisis and that we can, hopefully, recover much quicker this time.
This spells trouble!
The Coronation of Maria Ana I
As the old monarch was deemed unfit to rule and was forced into abdication, Maria Anna of Braganza has been crowned as Maria Ana I, and was recognised as such by the Chamber of Most Worthy Peers. Hopefully, her ascension will bring lasting peace to Portugal.
Long Live the Queen!
The Coronation of Maria Adelaide as Maria III
With the passing of Duarte II, who remained childless for the duration of his life, the question of succession had the chance of devolving into a contentious affair. However, his youngest sister, Maria Adelaide, was almost unanimously agreed as the best fit for the next Queen of Portugal by both the upper and lower houses for, despite her young age, she always was the Princess of the people. Long may Maria III reign, hopefully under peace and stability.
Long Live the Queen!
Regicide!
As Duarte II was returning from a routine trip to the Chamber of Most Worthy Peers, his convoy was assailed by four men, clad in black and well armed. The machine gun fire did not gravely wound the Queen, Maria Francisca of Orléans-Braganza, luckily enough, but innocent subjects of the Crown were gravely injured. The wounds of the 1908 terrorist attack were re-opened, and many in the Realm demand justice. While two of the 'soldiers' of the Legião Vermelha were shot down during the ensuing firefight, two terrorists spotted on camera, Mário Castelhano and Emídio Santana, who are apart of the well known Anarchist brigands, have fled, presumably to seek refuge in the Spanish regime of the CNT-FAI. Given the gravity of the crime committed, all options are on the table, including a harsh ultimatum. Careful analysis of diplomatic consequences would be advisable, but these two murderers will be brought to justice!
The CNT-FAI must surrender those responsible!
We must be remain cautious...
Portugal demands the return of the Regicide
While our struggle has been long, our problems are not yet over. Portugal's King, Duarte II, has been assassinated on the way back to his Palace after addressing the Upper House. Two men, Mário Castelhano and Emídio Santana, have crossed into our borders while on the run from Portuguese authorities. Despite the successful assassination, public reception has not been unanimous and many bystanders were wounded during the operation. However, the men were armed here and, by all accounts, even without the approval of the FAI, accepting the Portuguese demand of deportation could be seen by the world as an admission of guilt; not to mention the men are likely to face execution if we hand them over. Also it is important to remember the weight of this decision on a global level. Starting a war against Portugal and their reactionary allies while we are in a weakened state and so recently after the Civil War may prove unwise, even with our allies behind us. A choice must be made, regardless; Will we hand over the duo as demanded, or prepare for the Reactionary Retaliation?
We are not in a condition to fight the Entente as of now. We must comply with their demands.
We refuse to betray these heroes!
The CNT-FAI Has Handed Over the Murderers
Thankfully, the government of Spain has not completely lost its mind. They've refused to grant asylum to either of the two criminals and both are to be handed over to our authorities and be hanged in short order.
We have no choice but to thank them for their help...
The CNT-FAI Refuses Our Ultimatum
The treacherous dogs in Spain have granted asylum to the duo of criminals responsible for murdering our Most Faithful Majesty. Now every man must do his duty, for the final struggle against Syndicalism will soon begin!
As Armas!
We must back down, whatever the cost.
Portugal Backs Down
After all that, the Portuguese cowards have backed down from their ultimatum. This truly shows just how spineless they are.
Coward and Capitalist both start with C.
Occupy Galicia?
The region of Galicia, Portuguese speaking in all but in name, and long under Spain's yoke, is under the very real threat of falling under the Syndicalist menace. While some Integralists argue for an intervention to protect our brothers, many politicians have openly expressed their concern at allowing Santiago de Compostela and the relics there to be looted by Anarchist bandits. Doing that could potentially weaken the Carlists even more, however, and will ruin any chance of good relations with them if they ever manage to turn this conflict around.
We must secure Galicia from the failing Carlists!
By doing this, we would be helping the Syndicalist Hydra.
Portugal Seizes Galicia!
The slithering snakes in Portugal have occupied Galicia while our forces struggle against the godless forces of the CNT-FAI. While they claim it's to ensure their Galician 'brothers' are safe from the yoke of Syndicalism, it's abundantly clear that this land grab is little more than blatant opportunism!
We will correct this later...
For King and Country
The Integralists and other manipulative demagogues have, for far too long, interfered in the nation's well being. The King, his advisors, and parliament should be making the decisions about Portugal's future; not pampered intellectuals living in Lisbon or hiding in Paris. We will shape the Monarchy into something truly grand, but who will head up this regenerated government?
The Paladin will return to office to lead us into a new glorious age!
The Catholic Centre will chart a measured course.
The Burden We Bear
We must rise above our petty differences and unite under our Faith, our Country, and our People. And most importantly, we must bring the light of civilisation to the poor and unfortunate souls who need Christ in their lives. It is neither an expensive nor glorious endeavour to build outposts in the dark of the jungle and spread civilisation, but, nonetheless, it is our ultimate goal. And, of course, so is defending our faith against those who seek to destroy it!
Forward towards a better Portugal and a better World.
José Carlos Rates
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1879, in Setúbal, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Manuel Joaquim de Sousa
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1883, in Paranhos, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Bento António Gonçalves
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1902, in Fiães do Rio, Minho, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Domingues dos Santos
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1887, in Lavra, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Liberato Damião Ribeiro Pinto
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1880, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
António Joaquim Granjo
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 27th, 1881, in Chaves, Trás-os-Montes, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Francisco Pinto da Cunha Leal
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1888, in Penamacor, Beira Baixa, Kingdom of Portugal§!
António de Oliveira Salazar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1889, in Vimieiro, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
António Óscar de Fragoso Carmona
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1869, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Francisco de Barcelos Rolão Preto
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1893, in Gavião, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Duarte Nuno de Bragança
Duarte II
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1907, in Seebenstein Castle, Seebenstein, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in exile under the pretender Miguelists, Duarte Nuno quickly rose in prominence as his elder brothers drowned themselves in debauchery and controversy. He would return home after the Restoration and Manuel's attempts to reconcile the House of Bragança, quickly finding himself wrapped up in the politicking of the Causa Monárquica. A devout conservative educated by a priest, the Integralists promoted Duarte as a true champion of their ideals, going as far as to influence him to undertake an agronomy degree so that he would be a “more useful and honourable” monarch.\n\nAfter Manuel II died childless in 1932, Duarte ascended the throne according to the deeply controversial Pacts of Dover and Lisbon. Rapidly, he realised that the Integralist's support for him was largely an insincere power play to consolidate the March 17th Regime. With many of his 
Maria Adelaide de Bragança
Maria III
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1912, in Saint-Jean-de-Luz, Basses-Pyrénées, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving taken up the crown after the second Regicide in 30 years, Maria III has daunting tasks ahead of her. The young Queen has always been popular when she was a princess, always looking to help people in need whenever possible. Her gentle and good demeanour may make her aggressive anti Integralist position seem surprising, but since taking the throne she has denounced excesses from that party, and her fearless attitude only helps her popularity.§!
Maria Ana de Bragança
Maria Ana
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1899, in Schloss Fischhorn, Zell am See, Duchy of Salzburg, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs the recently installed Queen of Portugal and the Algarves, Maria Ana I seems content in her role of doing little actual ruling. Her priority is ensuring the preservation of the Monarchy and in restoring ties with the deposed royal family. Her husband's German nationality, once a liability that essentially locked her out of inheritance, may very well help in this endeavour.§!
José Hipólito Vaz Raposo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1885, in São Vicente da Beira, Beira Baixa, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Alberto de Morés Monsaraz
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1889, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Domingos Fezas Vital
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1888, in Caminha, Minho, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Alberto Pinheiro Torres
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1874, in Braga, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Adriano Pequito Rebelo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1892, in Gavião, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Luís Carlos de Lima de Almeida Braga
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1886, in Braga, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Manuel Rodrigues Júnior
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1889, in Bemposta, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
António Augusto Álvares Pereira de Sampaio Forjaz Pimentel
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1893, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Gabriel Pinto Coelho
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1886, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Caeiro da Mata
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1877, in Vimieiro, Alentejo, Portugal§!
Manuel Maria Múrias Júnior
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1900, in Carrazeda of Ansiães, Beira Baixa, Kingdom of Portugal§!
João José da Conceição Camoesas
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1887, in Elvas, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Jaime Zuzarte Cortesão
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1884, in Ançã, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Germano Jose de Amorim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1880, in Monção, Minho, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Maria Mendes Ribeiro Norton de Matos
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1867, in Ponte de Lima, Minho, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Armando de Castro Agatão Lança
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1894, in Viariz, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Armindo Rodrigues de Sttau Monteiro
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 16th, 1896, in Vila Velha de Ródão, Beira Baixa, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Agostinho Lourenço da Conceição Pereira
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1886, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Henrique de Paiva Couceiro
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1861, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
João de Almeida
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1873, in Vila Garcia, Beira Baixa, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Abílio Passos e Sousa
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1881, in Elvas, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Aníbal César Passos e Sousa
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1884, in Elvas, Alentejo, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Joaquim Abranches
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1888, in Viseu, Beira Alta, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Tristão de Bettencourt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1880, in Terceira, Ocidental dos Açores, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Júlio César de Carvalho Teixeira
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Porto, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Miguel Pereira Coutinho
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in the Kingdom of Portugal§!
Raul Augusto Esteves
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1878, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Manuel Ortins de Bettencourt
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1892, in Graciosa, Ocidental dos Açores, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Guilherme Ivens Ferraz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1865, in São Miguel, Oriental dos Açores, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Manuel Sarmento Rodrigues
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1899, in Freixo de Espada à Cinta, Trás-os-Montes, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Américo Tomás
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1894, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Augusto Lobato Guerra
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Funchal, Madeira, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Luís Augusto Ferreira Martins
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1875, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
José Filipe de Barros Rodrigues
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1890, in São Pedro, Trás-os-Montes, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Henrique Linhares de Lima
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1876, in Pico, Ocidental dos Açores, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Manuel Gomes de Araújo
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Barcelos, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Luís António de Magalhães Correia
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1873, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Fernando de Quintanilha e Mendonça Dias
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1898, in Santa Maria Maior, Trás-os-Montes, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Francisco Higino Craveiro Lopes
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1894, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Carlos Viegas Gago Coutinho
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1869, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Humberto Delgado
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1906, in Brogueira, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Secretariado-Geral de Defesa Nacional
§YFounded:§! §L1935, in Lisbon, Extremadura, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Humberto Amaral da Cruz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1900, in Coimbra, Douro, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Prussia
Prussian
Prussia
East German Socialist Republic
East German
the East German Socialist Republic
East German Socialist Republic
East German
the East German Socialist Republic
East German Socialist Republic
East German
the East German Socialist Republic
North Germany
North German
North Germany
North German Socialist Republic
the North German Socialist Republic
North German Socialist Republic
the North German Socialist Republic
North German Socialist Republic
the North German Socialist Republic
North German Federation
the North German Federation
North German Federation
the North German Federation
North German Federation
the North German Federation
North German Federation
the North German Federation
North German State
the North German State
North German State
the North German State
North German State
the North German State
SP
Sozialistische Partei (Socialist Party)
SP
Sozialistische Partei (Socialist Party)
SP
Sozialistische Partei (Socialist Party)
SPD
Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands - Ostdeutsche (Social Democratic Party of Germany - East German)
Grüne Front
Grüne Front (Green Front)
NLP
Nationalliberale Partei (National Liberal Party)
KP
Konservative Partei (Conservative Party)
NFGS
Nationale Front deutscher Stände (National Front of the German Estates)
Militärregierung
Militärregierung (Military Government)
DvP
Deutschvölkische Partei (German Völkisch Party)
Prussian Focus Tree
New Dawn in Prussia
End of the Junker Hegemony
Legacy of 1848
Vengeance for 1918
Land Reform in East Elbia
Civilian Control of the Army
A Revolutionary Federation
Modernise the Civil Service
All-Christian Ideology
New Cartel of Productive Estates
Aid Programs for Large Estates
New, Measured Militarism
Establish VEBA
Drain the Northern Moorlands
Rebuild the Berlin Industrial Centre
Metallurgical Lignite Coke Development
Suppress Army Cliques
All-German Military Cooperation
Study the Failures in the Second Weltkrieg
Integrate into Our Alliance
Scavenge for Pilots
Baltic Sea Patrols
Loyal Militarism
Socialist Revival
Land Reform
Beyond Prussianism
