El Salvador Focus Tree
Alianza Totalista Nacionalista (Nationalist Totalist Alliance)
ATN
Fuerzas Populares de Liberación (Popular Liberation Forces)
FPL
Movimiento Renovador (Renovation Movement)
MR
Partido Laborista (Labour Party)
PL
Partido Nacional Democrático (National Democratic Party)
PND
Partido Demócrata Cristiano (Christian Democratic Party)
PDC
Alianza Republicana Nacionalista (Nationalist Republican Alliance)
ARN
Partido Revolucionario de Unificación Democrática (Revolutionary Democratic Unification Party)
PRUD
Fuerza Armada de El Salvador (Armed Forces of El Salvador)
FAEL
Partido Nacional Pro-Patria (National Party of the Fatherland)
PNPP
Accepted the Border Treaty
Rejected the Border Treaty
§YSalinas has successfully deposed Martínez.§!
§YMartínez has resisted against all odds.§!
§YIt's been decided to follow the Syndicalist system§!
§YThe National Democratic Party has managed to come back into politics.§!
§YThe Labour Party has managed to retain the presidency.§!
§YThe Army has made a comeback and secured San Salvador!§!
This will upgrade the union we picked, giving the following effects:
§RThe Salvadoran military has not been cut down to size, and may intervene!§!
§RThe Salvadoran military has a long history of intervening in politics, and not confronting them may embolden them further!§!
§GWe'll send a message to Honduras and Guatemala to finish signing the treaty.§!
We'll decide the status of foreign assets. Giving us the following options, depending on if we are socialist or not:
$unlocks_decisions$ to buy airplanes from foreign companies
Requesting Production of Aircraft
Acquiring Foreign Fighters
With the shortcomings of our local aircraft industry, we will have to rely on foreign expertise to produce our licenced planes in order to protect us from those who may threaten our skies. The American company Curtiss-Wright Corporation has sent us a really good batch of biplane models back in 1933. While they were used to train our pilots, we now require them to have firepower, and it's because of this that our engineers have made a modified design that allows the usage of machine guns. We shall request their production capabilities to produce these new designs, all for the right price of course.
Acquiring Foreign Fighters
With the shortcomings of our local aircraft industry, we will have to rely on foreign expertise to produce our licenced planes in order to protect us from those who may threaten our skies. The American company Fairchild Aircraft has designed a new training aircraft model but with the current situation in the United States, they're unable to get any buyers to field these planes. We shall request a variant of that model that's prepared for air combat. This will help consolidate our air force even further.
Acquiring Foreign Close Air Support
With the shortcomings of our local aircraft industry, we will have to rely on foreign expertise to produce our licenced planes in order to protect us from those who may threaten our lands. The Italian company Caproni has come up with an attacker plane design in the recent years that has impressed a lot of members in our air force's staff. We shall request a few of their aircraft in order to support our infantry in future wars.
Acquiring Foreign Naval Bombers
With the shortcomings of our local aircraft industry, we will have to rely on foreign expertise to produce our licenced planes in order to protect us from those who may threaten our waters. The American company North American Aviation has come up with a training aircraft model in 1935 that has left many in our staff quite impressed. While its manoeuvring capabilities don't surpass those of the Curtiss-Wright and the Fairchild airplanes, our engineers have come up with a version of the T-6 which can be used for coastal patrols and naval bombing. We shall request their production capabilities to produce these new designs, all for the right price of course.
Monroe Doctrine
The Monroe Doctrine enacted by the US has caused our nation to lack a significant military force or the ability to go to war with other American countries in general. While this ensures the safety of our country, it severely limits the idea of expansion.
Memories of '32
The massacre of the socialists and indigenous people in Western El Salvador has left scars on our nation, with socialist guerrilla traitors lying around every corner. Should the United States prove unable to intervene, it could lead to an outright collapse of our regime.
Remnants of the Depression
The Great Depression in the United States largely devastated our coffee market, and instability consumed our nation throughout the '20s as a result. Through numerous banking reforms and natural dissipation over time, the depression has largely left El Salvador but still affects our nation in some places.
Coffee Exports
While the majority of other Central American countries are considered Banana Republics, we're unique in the fact that we lack large amounts of bananas and instead have large amounts of coffee. This makes us a desirable trade partner to others due to our monopoly on the item.
Coffee Exports
While the majority of other Central American countries are considered Banana Republics, we're unique in the fact that we lack large amounts of bananas and instead have large amounts of coffee. This makes us a desirable trade partner to others due to our monopoly on the item.
Coffee Exports
While the majority of other Central American countries are considered Banana Republics, we're unique in the fact that we lack large amounts of bananas and instead have large amounts of coffee. This makes us a desirable trade partner to others due to our monopoly on the item.
Trade Economy
The recent boom in foreign trade has made the majority of our economy based off of foreign trade. This has ensured economic prosperity for now, and surely for the future, right?
The Depression Revamped
The Great Depression in the United States has worsened as a result of Black Monday in Germany. While this has hit our economy, this is nothing compared to the initial depression. Surely we will have a handle on the situation soon.
The Depression Revamped
The Great Depression in the United States has worsened as a result of Black Monday in Germany. While this has hit our economy, this is nothing compared to the initial depression. Surely we will have a handle on the situation soon.
The Depression Revamped
The Great Depression in the United States has worsened as a result of Black Monday in Germany. While this has hit our economy, this is nothing compared to the initial depression. Surely we will have a handle on the situation soon.
Revolutionary Scars
While the revolution is long over, the bloodshed and the general unrest among the population has made development much more difficult. This will need to be dealt with soon if we want to remain in power.
Revolutionary Scars
While the revolution is long over, the bloodshed and the general unrest among the population has made development much more difficult. This will need to be dealt with soon if we want to remain in power.
Revolutionary Scars
While the revolution is long over, the bloodshed and the general unrest among the population has made development much more difficult. This will need to be dealt with soon if we want to remain in power.
Agricultural Reform
With the recent rise of the Socialists, a huge amount of effort has been put into making sure we remove our complete reliance on coffee and reforming the farming industry from the ground up. This has brought significant benefits and helps bring us closer to a self-reliant economy.
Agricultural & Safety
With the recent rise of the Socialists, a huge amount of effort has been put into making sure we remove our complete reliance on coffee and reforming the farming industry from the ground up. This has brought significant benefits and helps bring us closer to a self-reliant economy. Not only that, but it has also helped improve the conditions of our farms and has helped us make the people happier.
Supported UNT
The promotion of the UNT has helped make sure our people are living better daily lives and ensured the control of our own economy over imperialist foreigners.
Strengthened UNT
The promotion of the UNT has helped make sure our people are living better daily lives and ensured the control of our own economy over imperialist foreigners.
Supported FETRES
The promotion of the FETRES has helped bring a focus on our arms industry to ensure that no foreign powers like the United States can ever intrude upon us or our independence ever again.
Strengthened FETRES
The promotion of the FETRES has helped bring a focus on our arms industry to ensure that no foreign powers like the United States can ever intrude upon us or our independence ever again.
Banking Reforms
The Pro-Patria party's main goal was to help bring the economy up from the great slump, with many projects like the National Board helping to achieve this goal. These reforms must be continued in order to prepare for any future economic collapses and to ensure we can defend from them.
Beginning Industrialisation
With our economic doctrine firmly established, our country has put a major focus on its Industrialisation and prosperity to ensure greatness for the future.
Coffee Imports
Guerrilla Warfare
Considering the region we inhabit, the army has decided to stick to a guerrilla warfare doctrine in order to be able to fight in any and all conditions. This will increase our defensive capabilities and ability to fight in harsh conditions, but make offensives that much harder.
Inspired Youth
Our efforts on guerrilla warfare have made it easier for the common man to enter the army, and inspired more to defend them and their country against foreign threats.
Conscription Flood
With the recent threat against our nation, more have begun to flood into the army.
A Professional Army
To prepare ourselves for the future combat, we have decided to abandon chaotic combat methods in favour for a more organised army.
Learning From the Best
Borrowing from the great powers will help us develop a successful doctrine much faster than the other countries around us.
Captain General Gerardo Barrios Military School
More of our youth have been deciding to go to our most popular military school, and has increased our innovation in regards to the way our army operates.
Defending our Country
The recent allowance of the creation of a navy has opened up spirit for many to begin joining the navy to test the waters, and helps to increase the effectiveness of our small navy.
New Air Industry
With the limits America put on our air force, we're now more free to make an air force to rule the skies of Central America over all of our opponents.
The New Guard
As the old Pro Patria party withers away, the Armed forces consolidate their grip on their country. With a renewed legitimacy over the Pro-Patria despots and a slightly softer approach to social issues, Salinas rules undisputed.
Republic Redeclared
In order to finish consolidating the legitimacy of the army, Salinas has decided to redeclare the suspended republic, and proclaiming himself as President of El Salvador.
Constitution Restored
The last step of securing its legitimacy on the eyes of the public, Salinas has restored the constitution, albeit partially in order to ensure stability for the nation, but a limited freedom for El Salvador's citizens.
Pro Patria Consolidated
The Pro Patria stands strong over its enemies once again, and now Martínez will endeavour his efforts into consolidating his power and crushing his opposition once and for all.
Socialist Crackdown
Militarisation of El Salvador
Our recent shortcomings when dealing with the revolt has shown us that El Salvador is weak, and that we need to take steps towards ensuring our country is ready in case of a conflict. However, our army is now split between Pro-Patria loyalists and moderate officers, and we won't be able to effectively coordinate them until their differences are solved.
Joint Military Control
Our recent shortcomings when dealing with the revolt has shown us that El Salvador is weak, and that we need to take steps towards ensuring our country is ready in case of a conflict. With the rift between the Pro Patria officers and the rest of the army being mended, we can focus on completing the militarisation of El Salvador so we may be ready in case of total war.
A Military with a State
Our Military now stands ready for total war. We've chosen to grant the army more executive rights in order to coordinate the defence of our country more effectively, and with the militarisation efforts, El Salvador is slowly becoming an army with a state.
Military Grants
Our Military now stands ready for total war. We've chosen to grant the army more resources in order to pay more soldiers and afford more equipment, and with the militarisation efforts, we stand to be a force to be reckoned with in case of a war.
Memories of '32
The massacre of the socialists and indigenous people in Western El Salvador has left scars on our nation, with socialist guerrilla traitors lying around every corner. As the US collapsed, these tensions boiled over into a new rebellion, and now that we stand stronger than before, we need to focus on getting rid of the memory of such events if we wish to stay in power.
Native Rights Expanded
Divided no More
Unruly Military
As we proclaimed our victory, the remaining military elements entered into an open revolt, some even taking over small towns, organising guerrilla camps, militarising outposts and even shooting government officials. We need to deal with this situation if we want to remain in power in the near future.
Lingering Military influence
As we proclaimed our victory, the remaining military elements entered into an open revolt, some even taking over small towns, organising guerrilla camps, militarising outposts and even shooting government officials. Despite our recent crackdown on their activities, their influence lingers on, and many of our citizens refuse to serve in the army due to influence of the old army. We will have to root out their influence and build a new army from scratch.
Military Purged
Censorship Dismantled
Classless Society
Road to Democracy
Middle Class Established
Uplifting the Poor
Constitution Rewritten
Expanded Political Control
GFX_ELS_intro
Introduction to El Salvador
Maximiliano Hernández Martínez's coup as Vice-President against the Laborista Party and Arturo Araujo in December of 1931 brought immediate strife to the nation, with a true restoration of democracy being ended right as it began. The cause of this coup was an alarming salary cut for the military in favour for the police, which helped him get a small amount of support from the population. With his policy of suppressing all opposition, militarisation of the state, and banning all other parties from elections besides his Pro-Patria Party, Martínez managed to consolidate his grip on El Salvador. While this was effective at first, this all changed on May 16th, 1932.\n\nThe 1932 Peasant Massacre began due to Martínez enacting policies against the natives in the west, who had been inspired by Agustín Farabundo Martí and Feliciano Ama. While they weren't a threat at first, the success of the Nicaraguan Revolution by Augusto César Sandino made more people flock to the rebel side. Despite the rebels not being able to make gains against the military, Zapata's victory in the Mexican elections meant they would get a steady supply of guns. The rebellion managed to last until January 22nd, 1933 with 70,000 dead and rebel leaders Feliciano Ama and Agustín Farabundo Martí retreating to Mexico.\n\nPartisans are no longer an uncommon sight within El Salvador, with Martínez's regime being hated by a significant portion of the people. Not only that but his way of handling the rebellion has caused disloyal elements of the military to emerge, and Martínez's regime being held on a tight string the Americans are holding up.
§MFuerza Armada§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Send in the army in the Moving the Army event.\n£white_dot Do not keep Salinas safe in The Confrontation event.\n\n§MPro-Patria§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Do not send in the army in the Moving the Army event.\n£white_dot Support the anti-partisan force in the Brawling in the Streets event.\n\n§MFuerzas Populares de Liberación§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Send in the army in the Moving the Army event.\n£white_dot Keep Salinas safe in The Confrontation event.\n£white_dot Choose not to restore the presidency.\n£white_dot You can also choose to restore the presidency and elect the Syndicalists (see below).\n\n§MLaboristas§! / §MPartido Nacional Democratico§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Do not send in the army in the Moving the Army event.\n£white_dot Support the main force in the Brawling in the Streets event.\n£white_dot Choose to restore the presidency.\n£white_dot Confront the military in the Confronting the Military event.\n£white_dot Take the Call for a Snap Election focus and select the desired party to win.\n\n§MPRUD§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Win the civil war as the revolutionaries and restore the presidency (see above).\n£white_dot Deny the request in the Confronting the Military event.\n£white_dot Take the Call for a Snap Election focus.
$CEN_pre_guide$
The Depression Worsens
The recent German market crash has once again completely destroyed our economy due to its heavy reliance on foreign exports. With countries being unable to buy our coffee and the situation in the United States becoming less stable, the Martínez regime is being backed further and further into a corner politically as a result. We'll need to act carefully from now on if we wish for our country to survive the wave of socialism.
Sure is nice that Martínez is good with the economy.
Farabundo Martí Returns from Mexico
Hero of the '32 Massacre Farabundo Martí has recently returned in response to the American Civil War and the chaos our country has entered as a result. People have begun to blame Martínez for this slip-up due to the lack of border control as a result of the ongoing conflict within the country itself. Regardless, his return has begun to rally more and more of the populace against us, and rumours within the military are beginning to spread of an eventual coup in order to restore order.
The country bleeds.
The Military Rebels!
Despite our victory against the reactionary forces, most of the Salvadoran military still hasn't recognised our rule as legitimate. While their scattered resistance poses no threat to the continuity of our government yet, we must tread carefully as they still pose a hindrance to our government, as they can still recruit reactionary volunteers from throughout the country. More importantly, they attack villages and government's convoys for supplies in the northwest, where retreat back to their hideouts in the jungles near Metapán, allowing them an easy escape route towards Honduras or Guatemala if they need to.
They won't stop the revolution!
Confronting the Military
As the attacks on the northwest intensify, our people are growing increasingly restless, and the governor of Santa Ana province, Ramón Davila, has requested the government for an intervention of the province with whatever forces they can muster. However, our cabinet is currently undecided on whether confronting the military is a wise idea. Those men have sworn an oath to defend El Salvador, and maybe they'll come around to see things our way if we wait a little further.
Request denied, they'll come to terms with our government eventually.
Confront them, it's the only way to secure democracy.
Unrest in the Cities
After four years of violent rule, Martínez still tries to rule El Salvador with an iron fist with the support of the American government. However, the recent developments in both the US and the world are slowly but steadily weakening the power of Martínez, with many now openly questioning his government...
Uncertainty was to be expected in such a crisis.
Salvadoran Exports Collapse
Black Monday has finished killing the already weakened Salvadoran exports, forcing landowners to make massive layoffs in order to stay afloat. Now many shipments of Sugar, Coffee and Cocoa just sit in the capital city with nowhere to be sent to and not enough local buyers to deal with the increasing supply.
This is a disaster!
A Strike in a Sugar Mill of San Salvador
Workers at a sugar mill in San Salvador City have gone on strike, demanding better working conditions and the payment of their wages, that are currently three months due. Martínez has issued a public statement claiming that he'll use violent force if necessary to break up the strike if they don't disperse on their own. Tensions are running high in the country, and this strike might be the last straw...
Let's hope they take the hint and disperse...
Martínez Suppresses the Strike
Martínez summoned the army to the capital to deal with the strikers. Once the army was in range of the strikers, shots were ordered to be fired to scare them into dispersing. However, fearing a violent reaction, many soldiers shot the crowd head on, and chaos ensued in the city, with the strikers either trying to fight off the soldiers unsuccessfully or running away. Martial law was temporarily declared by Martínez to deal with any dissidents, and the strikers that have been caught have been already sentenced to death by Martínez's decree...
He has gone too far this time...
Rumours of a Coup Reach the Press
Some anonymous sources have tipped the press about a secret meeting between high ranking officers within the army in the Centro del Ejercito Armado de El Salvador at San Esteban de Catarina. While the topics of the meeting have not been revealed, the recent developments have led the press to speculate that these officers have begun planning to overthrow President Martínez. The President has dismissed the claims as nothing more than fearmongering by the press, but the fear of a coup remains in public conscience.
Who would believe such nonsense?
Martínez Reduces Public Salaries
In a bold move, President Martínez has decreed a reduction of all the public worker's wages from top to bottom, including his own salary. While this won't really have any real effects on the economy at large, the many workers of the country have found this move to be endearing, as the Salvadoran state was seen as corrupt and avaricious entity until now. With renewed support from the working class, he now has more room for improvement for his reforms, although that also comes with increased expectations...
A token move by the President, but it's appreciated nonetheless.
Close the Banco Central de la Reserva de El Salvador?
The Central Bank of the Salvadoran Reserve was created in 1934 by Martínez in order to stabilise the value of the Salvadoran currency, the Colón. While this move was effective at the time, now that crisis has struck again, the Colón is in free fall regardless due to the overprinting of the currency done in order to pay for the state's debts. Many within the cabinet demand the Bank to be closed down, despite its usefulness in the past, and return to the times where private banks printed the currency of our country. What should we do?
Keep it Open.
Close it.
Construction of Affordable Houses for the Working Class
As the economic situation improves, President Martínez has decreed an ambitious construction programme in order to create new and affordable housing for the working class citizens and the peasantry. This programme, put in charge of the Junta Nacional de Mejoramiento Social, aims to provide for cheap housing and affordable mortgages to the many workers of the country that can't afford themselves a private mortgage. While the effects of this will not be immediate, this move is sure to secure the support at least some support within the working class for our President.
¡Viva Martínez!
Subsidies for the Rural Workers
Some of the most hindered by Black Monday have been the small to medium land owners and their rural workers. While they have kept the same production levels, the fruit of their work just sits in harbours with no place to go, as there are no longer any foreign buyers to acquire them. This has caused our agricultural output to be reduced significantly, and many of the peasants to be fired due to the lack of funding to pay their wages. In order to solve this and kickstart the agricultural sector back into motion, President Martínez has decreed the creation of a new set of state subsidies. These will be given to all the farmlands that produce coffee, sugar and cotton and will be funded by the Federación de Cajas de Crédito Rural, with the objective of improving the production of these vital crops back to their pre-Black Monday levels.
¡Viva Martínez!
Finishing the Salvadoran Section of the Panamerican Road
The Pan-American Road, a multi-national project between all American nations, has been expanding through El Salvador since Martínez took power. Today, after several years of hard work and investment the Salvadoran section of the road has finally been inaugurated. The President has made a public speech praising the efforts of the Salvadoran workers and talking about the benefits the road will bring to El Salvador.
¡Viva Martínez!
Final Ratification of the Guatemala-El Salvador-Honduras Border Treaty
We've been working towards establishing the definitive borders between us, Guatemala and Honduras for years now. Due to the lack of natural barriers, our borders have shifted significantly before, but we're now ready to finally send them our final draft of the Common Border treaty, which shall be established in Rio Frio section at the Monte Cristo Hill. However, some members of our cabinet have advised us not to send the treaty, as we can take advantage of the shaky borders that we now possess to seize small portions of land in the future. What should we do?
Send the Proposal.
Keep the Status Quo.
Sugar Exports Fall, but the Economy Stays Strong
With the stabilisation of the world market, our rivals in the sugar market, mainly Brazil and Colombia, have begun to slowly but steadily recover their pre-Black Monday production levels. We cannot compete in the sugar market with their quantity nor quality of products, and our sugar plantations have started to suffer because of it. Nevertheless, we've still had a secure local market, and given that our agricultural output is not centred around sugar, this downturn is merely a minor hindrance.
Our diversification efforts are successful.
A New Political Dynasty?
In order to secure the future of El Salvador, President Castro has decided to draft the blueprint of the political scene of El Salvador for the years to come. In his plan, he has detailed how will the next elections be rigged and who shall be appointed at the cabinet in order to keep the utmost secrecy. A new age of stability dawns for El Salvador!
El Salvador must be protected from Extremism at all cost!
Elections of [GetYear]
Today, as scheduled by the new constitution, elections have been called by President Castro and the electoral campaign is on. While the Partido Laborista and the Partido Nacional Democrático accuse the Partido Revolucionario de Unificación Democrática, the truth is that the PRUD has been leading all the popular polls so far, and their claims are nothing more than mere complains of sore losers before the votes have even been counted.
Salvador Castaneda Castro and his party take the win!
Hmm, this ballot looks odd...
As scheduled by the constitution, elections have been called and the people all over the country have gone to vote. The Partido Laborista has been focusing on appeal to peasantry and lower class voters, promising to ensure relief for them. While the Partido Nacional Democrático has seen success with the landowning elites and other groups that dislike the PL for their leftist ties, but still promises to appease all groups equally. After counting the votes, the winning party is...
The Partido Laborista!
The Partido Nacional Democrático!.
Elections Cancelled
Just some days before the presidential elections were to take place, the legislative assembly has announce their cancellation. It was expected for Martínez to win the elections just like the last one, so it is strange for the government to cancel them in such an abrupt manner. Many believe that the president is scheming something to further secure his rule, but what else can he do when his party is already the only legal one?
Let's wait and see.
Legislative Assembly Re-elects Martínez
After many quite days, Martínez and the legislative assembly came forward to announce the approval of a new constitution. While very similar to the previous one, it extends the presidential term from 4 to 6 years and grants the assembly the ability to have the final say on the winner of all future election if there are deem to be any \
The dawn of new era.
As Martínez term comes to an end, elections have been once again cancelled. Now under the threat of disloyal military elements interfering with the election, the legislative assembly has proclaim Martínez once more as president.
Are we even a democracy anymore?
Salvador Castaneda Castro Defects!
Today, we've found out that General Castro had abandoned his barracks in Talnique and we've received reports from our scouts that he has deserted to the rebel forces with a whole regiment. While he had displayed some concerns about the strength of the rebel forces, his desertion still came as a surprise to the general staff.
Our situation grows even more dire.
Native Population Begins Exodus Towards Honduras
After the defeat of the rebel forces at the Sonsonante Department, many of the natives have begun to flee towards Honduras. After 1932's rebellion, Martínez carried out mass executions of the indigenous Pipil people, and with their new rebellion being crushed, the many tribe leaders have decided to flee. This news has not been well received, as Martínez has ordered a shutdown of the border, but that doesn't stop the people from finding ways to circumvent the border controls through the Sumpul River.
They won't escape justice.
Native Refugees from El Salvador arrive at Honduras
El Salvador has suffered a peasant revolt recently, and now that President Martínez has crushed their short-lived revolution, many of them have decided to flee towards Honduras. While they're numbers are not large enough to cause any real concerns, the situation on our neighbouring country is troubling at best...
Welcome those poor people in.
Salinas Consolidates Power
Salinas has been formally proclaimed President of El Salvador today. Now know by his victory over the native insurgents, he has decided to start restructuring the Salvadoran state to suit a now different sort of authoritarian regime: One that will try to listen to the people and safeguard them from extremism. In order to achieve this, Salinas has decreed the reintroduction of some civil liberties, opening up the old authoritarian regime to further changes down the line.
¡Viva El Presidente Salinas!
The Status of Foreign Assets
An analysis of our commercial law system has revealed that many foreign companies within El Salvador were operating based on loopholes which allowed them to avoid regulations and the payment of certain taxes. While severe punishments have been proposed by several members of the cabinet, we have decided to spare these foreign companies, as long as they agree to follow the new laws we have made and the payment of the taxes that have been due.
Pleasure doing Business with You.
Seizing Foreign Assets
An analysis of our commercial law system has revealed that many foreign companies within El Salvador were operating based on loopholes which allowed them to avoid regulations and the payment of certain taxes. While more lenient punishments have been proposed by several members of the cabinet, we have decided that we will not stand for such insult, and we shall immediately seize the assets of these companies in order to ensure the well-being of their workers and as a way repaying their misdeeds to our people.
A Victory for the People!
Supporting a Union
Unions are something of a novelty in El Salvador, and as such, we should look to expand upon them. However, a debacle has come out recently regarding the unions that exist within El Salvador on whether which one should be chosen to lead the others. One of our options, the 'Federación Regional de Trabajadores de El Salvador' or 'FETRES' has largely radicalised during the last few years, and strengthening them is sure to align our economy towards bringing the world revolution to Central America and defend ourselves from foreign imperialism. Our other option is the newly-founded 'Unión Nacional de Trabajadores' or 'UNT', whose more moderate approach is sure to benefit our local industry and the livelihood of our people at the expense of our war time capabilities.
Support the FETRES.
Support the UNT.
Final Ratification of the Guatemala-El Salvador-Honduras Border Treaty
We've been working towards establishing the definitive borders between us, Guatemala and El Salvador for years now. Due to the lack of natural barriers, our borders have shifted significantly before, but El Salvador has proposed a final draft for the Common Border treaty, which shall be established in the Rio Frio section at the Monte Cristo Hill. What should we do?
Accept the Treaty.
Reject the Treaty.
Final Ratification of the Guatemala-El Salvador-Honduras Border Treaty
We've been working towards establishing the definitive borders between us, Honduras and El Salvador for years now. Due to the lack of natural barriers, our borders have shifted significantly before, but El Salvador has proposed a final draft for the Common Border treaty, which shall be established in the Rio Frio section at the Monte Cristo Hill. What should we do?
Accept the Treaty.
Reject the Treaty.
Honduras Accepts the Treaty
The Honduran government has sent an envoy back to us with their signature of the Common Border treaty. Hopefully this will be the start of a more stable friendship between our two countries
Excelente.
Guatemala Accepts the Treaty
The Guatemalan government has sent an envoy back to us with their signature of the Common Border treaty. Hopefully this will be the start of a more stable friendship between our two countries
Excelente.
Honduras Rejects the Treaty
The Honduran government has informed us that they do not agree with our draft of the Common Border Treaty, and that they refuse to sign it. Many within our cabinet have expressed their concern over their refusal, as this might mean that they may attempt to seize land from our border region until a solid border treaty is signed.
Malditos Hondureños...
Guatemala Rejects the Treaty
The Guatemalan government has informed us that they do not agree with our draft of the Common Border Treaty, and that they refuse to sign it. Many within our cabinet have expressed their concern over their refusal, as this might mean that they may attempt to seize land from our border region until a solid border treaty is signed.
Malditos Guatemaltecos...
The American Civil War
As the fires of revolution burn in the United States, President Martínez is left stranded in a dangerous position. Now, without the watchful eye of the US, many people take to the streets to protest the now lonely dictator, and the internal factions that hid in the shadows are bound to come to the light and face Martínez's dictatorship anytime soon. We have to worry about national security as well, as our external enemies might start looking at El Salvador with malicious intent...
Por Dios...
Farabundo Martí Returns from Nicaragua
Hero of the '32 Massacre Farabundo Martí has recently returned in response to the American Civil War and the chaos our country has entered as a result. People have begun to blame Martínez for this slip-up due to the lack of border control as a result of the ongoing conflict within the country itself. Regardless, his return has begun to rally more and more of the populace against us, and rumours within the military are beginning to spread of an eventual coup in order to restore order.
The country bleeds.
The Second Western Rebellion
After a few days of negotiations, it seems that Martí has managed to convince the remaining native population in the west to rise up against the government. Today, thousands of peasants, mostly from native origins, have risen up against the government. Armed with machetes, the peasants led by Martí have managed to seize control of several small towns and their arsenals in the Sosonante Department. As the rebellion spreads to the nearby Departments, our country is now thrown into chaos, with shootouts between the police and the rebels being common throughout the country.
Time for Another Bloodbath.
Moving the Army
With the Rebellion in full swing, President Martínez has rallied the army at San Salvador in order to consolidate his grip on the capital. However, Martínez still has to decide on whether to face the rebels head on, or try to secure the parts of the country that still haven't been taken over by the rebels. While facing the rebels head on might seem tempting, our forces are demoralised and disorganised, with the chain of command being shady at best, but if we try to secure the areas not controlled by the rebels, we risk allowing them to consolidate their grip on the occupied area and to be able to entrench themselves.
Send in the army, this ends now!
Time for a war of attrition.
The Army Mutinies
After sending our army to face the rebels head-on, we're met with catastrophic failure. Upon arrival to the occupied area, our force was met by consecutive guerrilla attacks throughout the region, and those skirmishes culminated in a resounding defeat at the small town of Armenia, where several squadrons of our army outright defected, while others became completely paralysed due to internal strife between officers. The army is now making its way back to San Salvador, where Osmín Aguirre y Salinas has already sent a message back requesting an immediate meeting with the president.
Well then...
The End of Martínez
Under the command of general Osmín Aguirre y Salinas, the army has entered the city of San Salvador and seized the city, breaking into the Presidential House before the day was over, and throwing Martínez into jail. Salinas has proclaimed himself president, and with the support of the army he has boldly proclaimed that the rebels in the west would be exterminated. With their moral renewed, the army is preparing to take defensive actions against the rebel troops rallying to attack in the near future.
It's the start of a new age!
Socialists Secure the West!
The Socialist forces led by Agustín Farabundo Martí have finally dealt with the remaining small garrisons trapped in the western corner of the country and consolidated his grip on the western part of the country. The rebels are now growing in strength with foreign support, and the fate of El Salvador remains uncertain.
Our Fate lies in the balance.
Arturo Araujo Supports the Revolution!
Ex-President Arturo Araujo, who was deposed by the coup led by Martínez in 1932, and who is now the current leader of the Partido Laborista, has expressed his support for the rebels, and has urged every Salvadoran who wants to defend democracy in the country to join the rebels in order to fight the tyrants. His influence over the populace can't be underestimated, and several patrols had to be dispatched to the border towns in order to ensure that the people wouldn't outright join the rebellion. Our situation grows dire by the day...
¡Maldito Sea!
Brawling in the Streets
By Martínez's command, our forces have been scattered throughout the western border and they are ready to face the enemy in a protracted war. However, our forces have been spread thin, and now partisan groups have begun staging attacks on San Salvador itself. With the rebels renewing their offensive in the West, we now have to decide on whether we reinforce the front line or spread our troops to deal with these partisan groups.
The capital needs to stay secured, support the anti-partisan force!
We can't let the front fall, support the main force!
The Front Holds
Despite the lack of reinforcements, our front line troops have managed to repel the attacks, and with the partisan forces crushed, a significant part of the rebel forces have been finally put down. Our anti-partisan forces, now formed with hardened soldiers, have rejoined the front line and have begun the final push towards the heart of the Rebellion. Without any strong resistance to oppose our army as it tramples upon the rebel scum, the victory of Martínez seems all but assured.
Pro-Patria always holds on.
Partisans Take over the Capital
Having chosen to reinforce the front line, our anti-partisan forces became unable to keep up with the partisan groups continuously attacking vital supply areas and arsenals in the capital. Eventually their forces became strong enough to take over the city, and San Salvador was lost. With the fall of San Salvador, the front line has collapsed and the rebels have secured most of the country by now. The fall of Martínez regime is now all but assured.
An end to a terrible era.
The Confrontation
After being beaten back by the rebels, we've managed to rally the army back, and our soldiers are ready to take the fight to them as long as Salinas leads the charge. However, many within the army are concerned about Salina's safety, and have asked the popular President to remain in San Salvador while the battle rages on around it. While keeping him in the capital is sure to make a dent on our army's morale, risking Salina's life might lead him to be injured or killed, which would be the end of our army. What shall we do?
We cannot fight without our Leader.
Salinas needs to stay safe for the country's sake.
Salinas is victorious!
With Salinas leading our troops from the front line, our army has smashed the improvised rebel army and delivered the killing blow to the rebellion with victories at Sansonante and Ahuachapán. While there are still some partisan groups scattered around the countryside, the victory of Salinas is now all but assured.
For the New El Salvador!
Salinas was Injured!
During the battle of Sansonante, a stray bullet has struck General Salinas, forcing him to fall back in order to get medical attention. The morale of his troops fell soon after rumours of his death began spreading around, allowing the rebel forces to organise a successful counter-attack that has routed the Salvadoran army. With partisans securing San Salvador, the victory of the rebels is now all but assured.
For the Revolution!
Menendez's failure
In Salinas's stead, Menendez was sent to lead the army to fight off the rebels at Sansonante. While the president remained in relative safety at the Presidential House, a very demoralised Salvadoran army faced an entrenched enemy force. Feeling betrayed by Salinas, who now seemed no different to the tyrannical Martínez, many soldiers deserted, and the rest were quickly routed by the now strengthened rebel force. There are reports of Salinas having left the country to protect himself and his family, and now the victory of the revolution seems all but assured.
For the Revolution!
The New El Salvador
After dealing with the last pockets of resistance in San Salvador and securing the Presidential house, the internal political factions of the rebel movement finally organise a meeting at the Presidential House. The topic of the meeting focus around the country's political future. While the Democratic faction led by Araujo wants to restore the presidency and the democratic system, the Syndicalist faction led by Martí wants to sweep the old system away and create a new syndicalist state from scratch. As the night draws near, the people await a public statement to be made about the future of El Salvador.
Syndicalism is here to stay.
The Presidency has always been optimal for El Salvador and shall be restored.
The New El Salvador
After dealing with the last pockets of resistance in San Salvador and securing the Presidential house, the internal political factions of the rebel movement finally organise a meeting at the Presidential House. The topic of the meeting focus around the country's political future. While the Democratic faction led by Araujo wants to restore the presidency and the democratic system, the Syndicalist faction led by Martí wants to sweep the old system away and create a new syndicalist state from scratch. As the night draws near, the people await a public statement to be made about the future of El Salvador.
Syndicalism is here to stay.
The presidency has always been optimal for El Salvador and shall be restored.
The [GetYear] Salvadoran Snap Elections
After nearly ten years of dictatorial rule, the first elections are finally being held as promised by the Provisional President Araujo. As the votes are being counted, the people await anxiously for the results of what seems to be the stepping stone of a new age in El Salvador.
The Partido Laborista secures its victory!
The Partido Nacional Democratico makes a comeback!
Martí's Syndicalists secure a democratic victory!
Salvador Castaneda Castro's takeover!
On a surprising turn of events, a commando group has infiltrated the Presidential House and imprisoned the president as key strikes were carried out on democratic strongholds throughout the nation. The leader of this group, Salvador Castaneda Castro, claims to be safeguarding the Salvadoran democracy from the Syndicalist extremists and has proclaimed himself provisional president of El Salvador until this situation is resolved.
Some stability, at long last...
Restoration of Democratic Liberties
Today, the democratic republic has been officially re-established and the old constitution has been restored. During Martínez time, the dissolution of this entities allowed him to crack down on other parties, forcing their dissolution and basically establishing a one-party system. Now, with these rights secured for our people again, the old political establishment is being kicked back into motion, with several minor parties announcing their refoundation.
A Day for the People.
Rebirthing of the Partido Nacional Democrático
Alfonso Quiñónez Molina has announced today the reformation of the Partido Nacional Democratico or PND. A liberal coalition party, Quiñónez aims to restore the liberal policies that were prevalent during the 'Dinastía Meléndez-Quiñónez'. While largely unpopular within the working class, Quiñónez's promises of wealth have proven to be very effective with the entrepreneurial middle class, as well as with the more moderates in the armed forces which see the Partido Laborista as nothing more than a syndicalist ruse to take over El Salvador.
The Future looks Bright.
Foreign Investment Request
As our economy grows stronger than ever, it'd be a wise idea to ask our trade partners for technical support. If we use our immense coffee reserve and production output, we could trade this valuable crop with the Canadians in exchange for tools and their technical expertise in order to improve our nation. Hopefully, the Canadians will see the benefits of such trade agreement and benefit our development on the long run.
Let's see what the Canadians think of our trade deal.
El Salvador Offers us a Trade Deal in Exchange of Support
A Salvadoran delegation has arrived at Ottawa today with a trade proposal. They promise to fulfil our coffee needs in exchange of tools and technical support for the development of their nation. El Salvador, being such a small nation in Central America, doesn't represent a threat to the might of the Empire and its allies, and aiding its development will only prove to be beneficial to our interests. What should be our response?
Accept the Trade Deal.
Refuse the Trade Deal.
Canada Accepts our Trade Deal
Our delegation has contacted us from Ottawa informing us that the Canadians have agreed to the terms of our trade deal. This is a great day for El Salvador and its people!
We are grateful for their help.
Canada Refuses our Trade Deal
Our delegation has contacted us from Ottawa informing us that the Canadians have refused to the terms of our trade deal. Without being able to improve upon our offer, they will now come home empty handed and our development will be slowed down temporarily. Nevertheless, our country is strong and we will overcome this setback.
¡Maldita sea!
Foreign Investment Request
As our economy grows stronger than ever, it'd be a wise idea to ask our trade partners for technical support. If we use our immense coffee reserve and production output, we could trade this valuable crop with the British in exchange for tools and their technical expertise in order to improve our nation. Hopefully, the British will see the benefits of such trade agreement and benefit our development on the long run.
Let's see what the British think of our trade deal.
El Salvador Offers us a Trade Deal in Exchange of Support
A Salvadoran delegation has arrived at London today with a trade proposal. They promise to fulfil our coffee needs in exchange of tools and technical support for the development of their nation. El Salvador, despite being such a small nation in Central America, could prove to be a valuable ally of the Internationale, and aiding its development will only prove to be beneficial to our interests. What should be our response?
Accept the Trade Deal.
Refuse the Trade Deal.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts our Trade Deal
Our delegation has contacted us from London informing us that the British have agreed to the terms of our trade deal. This is a great day for El Salvador and it's people!
We are grateful for their help.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses our Trade Deal
Our delegation has contacted us from London informing us that the British have refused to the terms of our trade deal. Without being able to improve upon our offer, they will now come home empty handed and our development will be slowed down temporarily. Nevertheless, our country is strong and we will overcome this setback.
¡Maldita sea!
Prudencia Ayala Dies
Today, the writer, journalist and suffragette Prudencia Ayala has passed away peacefully in her sleep. Ayala was born to a native family and became known in El Salvador for predicting the victory of the Kaiser in the Weltkrieg and the United States neutrality throughout the war, being associated initially with esoteric practices. However, she used that fame to push for the recognition of female rights and the female vote in El Salvador, publishing several books and articles about it, and even trying to run for President in 1930. Her political career was short lived as the supreme court rejected her attempt to run for president, but the attempt has sparked the debate on the woman's role in the Salvadoran society, and her legacy still continues to shape the national feminist movement.
Que en Paz Descanse.
Feliciano Ama Proposes to Create a Native Council
Ama has proposed to Farabundo Martí a rather peculiar project: To create a Native Council so the natives may have a larger say in Salvadoran politics. While in theory this council wouldn't have more power than a traditional Trade Union, Ama considers this is the first step towards uniting all of the people within El Salvador. The council would be led by the Pipil and Lenca ethnic native majorities, but would guarantee the participation and respect of the other native minority groups, namely the Xinca, the Mixe, the Maya Poqomam, the Alaguilac and the Maya Chorti peoples in the west and the Cacaopera and the Mangue peoples in the east. With the government's approval, all these groups can come together in the council to voice their concerns and to provide support for our government.
Of course! They're welcome.
Flooding Destroys the Towns Valle Dolores and Apulo!
Due to the recent weather, the Ilopango Lake overflowed and began flooding the small towns of Valle Dolores and Apulo along its shores. While there are no reported casualties by the flooding, there are still pockets of our citizens trapped by the flood which have limited supplies and will need government help in order to be rescued. Since we lack any formal navy or coast guard in order to help the victims immediately, many members of our staff are presenting plans to help the victims as the civilian populace has begun making donations to help their fellow countryman.
It's still our duty to rescue them.
Air Force Supplies the Flood Victims Through an Airlift
While the government prepared several wooden boats in order to rescue the victims of the flood, the air force has volunteered to help the rescue efforts. In a manner never seen before, supplies and letters were loaded onto both old WACO and new Curtiss-Wright biplanes, who then flew over and dropped their valuable cargo over the pockets of survivors around the affected areas. With their supply grace extended, we were able to hastily assemble a wooden fleet to rescue the victims, and now we have to focus on salvaging what we can from the flooded villages and relocating the villagers.
It seems that the Air Force's motto isn't just for show.
Menendez asks to be Reintegrated into the Army staff
General Menendez has made a written an open letter for us from his prison. In it, he provides a detailed account of his actions during the Martínez dictatorship, and he claims that unfortunately he was unable to help our efforts to democratise the country, but he was more than willing to join us. He then recited the 1916 'Oracion a la Bandera Salvadoreña', written originally by David J. Guzman, and he has finished his letter offering his services to his country once more. Should we accept him back into our ranks?
Let him in.
We can't trust old members of the military.
Smallpox Epidemic in Santa Ana
As our yearly reports come in, we have received an alarming report by our medical institutions that a smallpox outbreak has happened again in El Salvador last year. While it is smaller than the one in 1935, the smallpox outbreak is still troubling the authorities, as many of those people can't access medical care.
It is unfortunate turn of events.
Martínez takes action against the smallpox outbreak
President Martínez has ordered today to the authorities throughout the nation to cover all lamps in all public plazas. Following his strictly theosophical views, he claims that covering those lamps will protect the citizens of the nation from the disease, and those already affected will eventually be cured from the disease.
That's not exactly helpful...
Martínez Strengthens the Personal Weapons Ban
With the recent uprising, Martínez has decided to strengthen the Police Laws, extending the ban on any sort of weapon, regardless of any reason to own them, and turning its ownership into a crime, punishable by months of community service. While our gun owners have publicly expressed their disapproval of the extension of this ban, they are forced to comply and now we have acquired several firearms that we will be able to put to good use restoring order to our nation.
They may not like it, but it's a necessary move to ensure order.
The Fiestas Agostinas
Since the colonial era, El Salvador has had a really strong Christian movement which has adopted many of Christian traditions into its national culture. One of the main celebrations in El Salvador besides Easter and Christmas is known as the 'Fiestas patronales de San Salvador' (Patron Saint Festivities of San Salvador) or simply the 'Fiestas Agostinas'. During these week-long festivities, several religious ceremonies and fairs are held to commemorate the transfiguration of Jesus as told in the New Testament. On the last day, the celebrations are paired with a procession from San Salvador Cathedral to the Parade Grounds, and donations are gathered by different organisations in order to provide support for the people and the government.
Let's Celebrate!
The Fiestas Agostinas
The Fiestas Agostinas have begun once more, and our country is now rejoicing once more in celebration for our religious beliefs.
Let's Celebrate!
San Miguel Carnival
In the town of San Miguel, considered to be the most important city on the Eastern Side of El Salvador, there's a yearly celebration the 8th of May to commemorate the foundation of the city 406 years ago by Captain Luis de Moscoso known commonly as 'The Carnavalon' or the 'San Miguel Carnival'. While this celebration would seem uneventful on a national scale, the parades and celebrations around this date have grown exponentially, quickly becoming one of the El Salvador's main national carnivals, attracting many artists and performers with the intention of turning the Carnival into an enjoyable event for every visitor. Besides that, the Carnival attracts thousands of tourists and many merchants and entrepreneurs to the city, and that provides us with a small but appreciated income through our taxation system.
Cheers!
Postponing of the San Miguel Carnival
While the San Miguel Carnival has grown exponentially since its creation, the truth is that the date where it is celebrated makes the growth of the celebration difficult as it clashes with the 'dry season' of the region, making tourism both outside and inside El Salvador more difficult to actually make it to the celebration. With this in mind, the municipal council of San Miguel has passed a proposal to allow the celebration to be postponed to the last weekend of November, and it's awaiting for presidential approval to be official. While this would bring us greater profit and allow more people to attend the Carnival, it would also be a small breach to our traditions, what should we do?
Accept their proposal
Refuse their proposal
San Miguel Carnival
The San Miguel Carnival has started once more, as per our yearly schedule of celebrations, and our people are now enjoying the carnival while the influx of tourists is now bringing us extra profits for us to utilise.
Cheers!
The '37 Revolution
Just like in 1932, the fires of revolution have once again reached El Salvador. As the west rallies once again under Farabundo Martí, the reactionary forces in the government have the duty to stop them dead in his tracks, but only time will prove who will gain the upper hand and manage to take over El Salvador.
The Vanguard Stands
Once again, the syndicalist rebels in the south have been crushed, and a new age of stability shall be restored. As the final remnants of the enemy forces are swept by our army, we still need to know who shall lead the country into its new age of stability...
New Guard
At last, the tyrant Martínez has been deposed, and in his stead the charismatic Osmín Aguirre y Salinas has stepped in as the new president. While Salinas is still focus in keeping stability and order in El Salvador, he is still a reformist who wants to bring a better El Salvador for his people.
Limited Liberties
The Salvadoran citizens have seen their personal freedom abolished during the years of Martínez Presidency. Under such conditions, it's no wonder that many of our citizens have joined a revolt that falsely promised to restore them. In order to prevent future uprisings, we shall begin a process of limited liberalisation, that way we can avoid radicals from swaying our populace with false promises of freedom.
Strengthen the Guardia Nacional
The Guardia Nacional, founded in 1912 by President Araujo, has been tasked with keeping the peace and fighting crime throughout El Salvador, which requires extraordinary effort due to El Salvador's topography. The several reorganisations during Martínez's regime have largely weakened this security force, and in order to avoid another revolt, it would be a wise choice to strengthen the Guardia.
Military Loyalties
While some officers stood by Martínez, most of the army clearly was against his tyrannical rule and they've proven it by joining us. Now that we're in power, we also need to recognise that as quickly as they supported us, they can backstab us and put someone else in charge. We need to secure their loyalty, and for that we'll need to grant them pensions and benefits in order to keep them loyal.
Redeclare the Republic
During Martínez time, the Republican system of El Salvador was informally suspended in favour of an autocratic dictatorship. Now that a new administration is in charge, we should restore the former system. That way, we can consolidate our legitimacy as rulers and our reputation as liberators.
Restore the Constitution
The Constitution of El Salvador, first drafted in 1883, has been suspended ever since President Araujo was deposed. In order to befriend the democratic elements within our nation, it would be a wise choice to restore the constitution. This would finish consolidating our power in the nation.
Military with a State
The Salvadoran people need a strong protector in these trying times, and fortunately for them, the army has sworn an oath to defend their lives from all who may threaten the country and its people. As such, it is only right that the state machine is rearranged to allow the military to lead it towards a better future.
Eliminating the Socialists
As the dust of the revolution settle, we have to focus on dealing with the Socialist elements within our nation. Despite being decisively beaten already, many still refuse to acknowledge our rule and continue their fight, carrying out attacks and assassinations and then hiding into the several jungles within the nation. They're a threat to El Salvador and its people, and as such they shall be dealt with.
Militarisation
As our grip in the country gets stronger, the more our need for soldiers arises. El Salvador is a small nation, so the only way to increase recruitment is to militarise our society from top to bottom. However, with the recent split between the army and the Pro Patria officials, our chain of command shall not be able to effectively command these troops into combat until these differences are settled.
Start a Propaganda Campaign
As we clean up the last remnants of the socialists memories, we find ourselves into a strange position. Some of the very people we have protected are now calling us traitors and murderers. We need to remind our populace that our government is here to improve El Salvador, and in order to do that, we shall fund a massive propaganda campaign, which shall reach even the furthest villages.
Rooting out the Memories
Pamphlets, memorials and informal remembrance of the revolutionaries are still common throughout the country. We need to get rid of such symbolisms in order to root out the socialists from El Salvador for good. We shall start a massive propaganda campaign, where we shall completely discredit the rebels until these practices are publicly shunned and their martyrs become common criminals.
Military Relations
Since the revolution started, a deep rift that had been forming between the army and the Pro Patria Party for years finally came into the light. Now, with our expanded army, we need to mend the rift between one another, as the things that unite us should take precedence over our differences, at least until El Salvador is safe from the socialist threat and the likes of Farabundo Martí.
Pro Patria Holds on
The Pro Patria Party, founded in 1931 by Martínez in order to consolidate his grip over El Salvador, has managed to weather yet another storm that threatened to destroy both the party and El Salvador. As our enemies lie crushed in the west, we have to start securing our position once again, and hope that this time we truly rid El Salvador from all the traitors that might threaten it.
Expand the Military Youth
We have noticed that among the ranks of the revolutionaries were many idealistic young men who were swayed by utopian promises. To prevent this from happening in the future, we shall expand our Military Youth programme to be mandatory, so now all Salvadoran teenagers learn to love and respect El Salvador so that they may not be so easily swayed by radicals like Martí or Ama.
Promote the National Board
One of our main pools of support come from the rural oligarchy, which advises our rule through the National Board. As the crisis that plunged our country into economic chaos finally subsides, it'd be a wise choice to reward those who stood by our side. For this reason, the National Board shall be promoted and subsidised for their loyalty, so that we may continue our partnership for the years to come.
Power to One
Democracy has repeatedly failed El Salvador since its inception, and we can no longer trust the future to the nation to a bunch of bickering politicians. President Martínez has endeavoured his life to improve El Salvador, and it is only right that we allow him greater executive freedom so that he may lead our nation to prosperity without the restrains that our outdated law system currently has on his work.
Consolidate the State
The State of El Salvador is the only thing that keeps the country from falling into total anarchy. It's for the good of all Salvadoran citizens that we shall expand the government's roles in the everyday lives of its citizens, so that all may rest assured that the State is there to watch over them.
Law Reform
President Martínez believes that in order to secure El Salvador's future, a law reform has to be carried out. One of the reforms is to forbid the ownership of any weaponry by the civilian populace, from simple hunting rifles to knives. This would help us to monopolise the usage of violence and, paired with a new set of laws, it shall allow us to better handle our populace to fight crime and avoid a new rebellion.
Military Grants
As we secure our power, we must not forsake the allies the force that keeps us safe in our homeland. The army has lately been at odds with us, and Martínez has proposed an increase of the Army's wages and pensions. This will both secure the loyalty of many doubtful officers and increase our recruitment, as more of our citizens will desire to serve our government with more profitable rewards.
Revolutionary Ideals
The Salvadoran people have withstood the oppression of the military despots and the tyrant Martínez for too long! With the capital back on the hands of the people, the fate of El Salvador looks bright once more thanks to the cooperation of the democrats and the syndicalists. However, the debacle over who shall lead El Salvador from now on still remains unanswered...
The Syndicalist Dream
It shall be Farabundo Martí, with his ideals of freedom and equality, the one that shall lead El Salvador. Both a warrior and a scholar, Martí has become a symbol of unity for the Salvadoran workers, natives and peasants and he would be the natural choice to lead El Salvador towards a better tomorrow.
Presidential Restoration
El Salvador has had a strong democratic tradition ever since the formation of the 'Primer Grito de Independencia Centroamericana' in 1811. Arturo Araujo will serve as the provisional President for the time being until the democratic institutions that were abolished by Martínez are back and running once again.
Ensure Liberties
The recent abuses by Martínez and the army have shown the vulnerability of our former law system and the constitution. We shall restore the old constitution and begin installing a set of safeguards and backup laws in order to prevent such abuses to ever happen to our country again.
Call for a Snap Election
With our constitution and our law system restored, the parties reorganised and the institutions ready, now it has come the time for the people to decide who shall lead our country from now on...
Military Comes Back
Now the country is back under the control of the army. The Syndicalist menace has run free within our nation long enough! We shall not allow them to lead El Salvador to ruin!
Reform the Constitution
With the constitution restored, there's not much we can do without reassembling the despotic regime of Martínez and turning the popular will against us. Castro has decided that reforming the constitution to suit our needs is our best and only option. By twisting the tenets of the constitution, we will gain both the legitimacy and the power to dispose of the dissidents within El Salvador once and for all.
The Honest Man
Our government is tailored towards the honest Salvadoran man. Those who work the fields, toil in the workshops and man our ports and vessels. They, who have nothing to fear, should have no fear of our officials passing by asking questions about their activities. Those who, on the other hand, resort to lies and treachery to hide from our officers shall be caught and imprisoned for dissidence.
Democratising the Nation
Before our country is ready for full democracy, we need to tie up loose ends from the previous administrations. There are still many people within El Salvador who might wish harm over our beautiful country, and these people must be found and imprisoned before they get a chance to become a decisive force in the elections. This is the only way we can achieve a functional democracy...
The New Dynasty
Just like the Meléndez-Quiñónez Dynasty, we should focus on establishing a more solid democratic system, with a political dynasty taking over. Our populace may not like this if they find out, but we would otherwise risk to be defeated at the ballots and be forced to revert the reforms that have managed to bring peace and stability back to El Salvador.
Labour Secured
With the will of the people backing the Partido Labor, Arturo Araujo will stop being provisional president and become a fully-fledged democratically elected and constitutional president. Today is a historic day for El Salvador, and one of the many steps towards establishing a successful democracy for all.
Land Redistribution
One of the biggest pools of support for the Martínez regime was the rural oligarchy, which kept funding his despotic regime despite the harm it made to the Salvadoran people. If we wish to free El Salvador from the military, we need to defang those who support their regimes in the first place. It is because of this that the government will implement a land redistribution programme.
National Democratic Comeback
With the will of the people backing the Partido Nacional Democratic, Arturo Araujo will stop being provisional president and Alfonso Quiñónez Molina shall become a fully-fledged democratically elected and constitutional president. Today is a historic day for El Salvador, and one of the many steps towards establishing a successful democracy for all.
The Natural Mix
One of the main tenets of the old PND before being dissolved by Martínez was to remain as a conciliatory force within El Salvador. We called this policy 'La Mezcla Natural' And it meant that we tried to please the workers, the oligarchy, the military and the socialists alike. We shall restore this policy and try to work with everyone within our nation to bring about a better tomorrow.
Rooting Out Military Influence
After five years of military rule and their very recent overthrow, the military still counts with a lot of support throughout the country. Many informal militias have been formed, and several barracks still refuse to acknowledge our rule over the country. We shall begin a national campaign to root out the military influence from our country, which shall hopefully bring back the military under our grip.
Ending Strife
El Salvador suffers from a rather sharp inequality, where the richest oligarchs dwell in their luxury while many of their rural workers starve. This is unacceptable for us, and we shall be working with the socialists in order to come up with a set of welfare reforms that will hopefully end the plight of the Salvadoran citizens from now on.
Rooting up for the Poor
It is thanks to the humble peasants and the honest workers in our nation that we've managed to overthrow the tyrannical military regime. It's only right that we, as a party, look into improving their livelihood as a show of gratitude for their service to us, and to the democratic ideals that keep El Salvador whole.
Establishing a Middle Class
Due to constant abuses, political favours and rampant clientelism, our nation has been left split with just two groups, the rural oligarchy and the struggling working class. The only way to truly improve as a country is to give all Salvadoran citizens the chance to reach a better life. As such, we shall strive to found a new middle class, that shall mark the future of our nation with their ingenuity.
Native Rights
The many native tribes within our nation stood with us against the tyrannical oppressors that sought to destroy us. Thanks to chiefs like Feliciano Ama, we were successful in our revolution as well. It is our duty to reward their loyalty by granting them full Salvadoran citizenship and ending once and for all the divides that plagued the Salvadoran society for decades.
Removing Divides
While we have secured the citizenship of the native tribes into our society, they are still being treated differently by employers and the Criollo descendants, who tend to be paid more and have better job opportunities. We shall begin a series of strict laws regarding racism in our society at large, which is surely bound to end the ethnic divides in our nation once and for all!
Trade Unionism
As a new El Salvador is born from the ashes of the old one, we now find ourselves with the need to modernise our political system as well. Farabundo Martí has been very clear with his wishes and he commands that the trade unions be given a larger role in the government. We will also begin expanding upon the unions of El Salvador, given that the country still has a shortage of trade unions overall.
Removing Class
Our country is plagued with injustice, where peasants toil tirelessly to barely be able to provide for their families when the rural oligarchy keeps all of the wealth for themselves. We shall begin nationalising their assets, and collectivising the fields. This way we can ensure that the workers and peasants of our nation to be truly free from the abuses of greedy oligarchs.
Snapping the Military
The military rejects our rightful rule of the country, occupying cities, hiding in forests and jungles and striking at our supporters. While we have the upper hand, cleaning up the remnants of the reactionary forces will take time and a lot of effort, but thanks to years of using their tactics for our benefit, we know we can effectively mount a counter-insurgency force and defeat them!
Removing Censorship
The Martínez regime restricted free speech to such an extent that from the most moderate democrats to even the most radical syndicalists in our militias they all still advocate for free speech regardless of ideology. We shall make a unifying move and restore Free Speech for all, which shall in turn help us consolidate our legitimacy and at the very least earn us the respect of our democratic rivals.
The Coffee Republic
Since 1840, El Salvador has relied upon coffee exports to sustain its economy. As such, we have been known for many years as the 'República Cafetalera', and although this idea has brought up some problems when the coffee market has been in decline, there's no denying that El Salvador is greatly strengthened by the export of this crop.
The Initial Crash
As the ripples of Black Monday finally reach El Salvador, we find ourselves in a strange situation. While we still possess our production capabilities, we no longer have any buyers who we can export to. As our shipments stop, our economy is starting to suffer greatly from this worldwide economic catastrophe.
Tapping into the Entente
Before Black Monday, we relied greatly on the US and Germany to buy our coffee in order to sustain ourselves. With both their economies in deep trouble, we can no longer rely on their support, and as such we have been on the lookout for new allies. Despite Black Monday, the Entente has remained secure and prosperous, and as such maybe we can still tap into their profits if we grant them some concessions.
Promoting Coffee
Coffee has become now more than ever into the vital lifeblood of our economy. In such times of crisis, we can no longer give us the luxury of allowing our farmers to just grow whatever suits them, and we should start promoting the cultivation of coffee once again in order to improve our economic situation.
Temporary Recovery
After a series of reforms, we've finally managed to revert the damage that Black Monday did to our economy. However, we are still dealing with leftovers from the Great Depression, so it'll still take some reforms before we can get back on our feet once and for all.
Minor Development
As the economy starts to hum along with our reforms, our government can start focusing on small industrial projects in the La Libertad Department. This will help us spread our industry within our nation, and we're sure to reap the benefits of such investments in the long run.
Military Funding
Despite the internal problems the army has had in the recent time, there's no denying that they are indeed the protectors of El Salvador against its neighbours. With tensions rising in Central America, our army will need every rifle that we can produce. For this, we cannot rely on foreign arms companies, and we should look towards expanding our own arms industry.
Status of Foreign Assets
Many foreign companies reside within El Salvador, including a section of the infamous United Fruit Company. We've found rather recently that these companies have abused our current work code to abuse our workers, and it's time to decide what we'll do in response before there's public outrage.
Foreign Aid
We cannot hope to handle the recent damages on our own. Fortunately for us, our resources are plenty, and our trade partners are still prosperous enough to help us out. We'll ask our trade partners for new concessions, and begin a series of law reforms, tax exemptions and tax breaks in order to facilitate the settlement of branches of foreign companies in our country.
Agricultural Funding
The lifeblood of El Salvador is and has always been its agriculture. The recent crisis has completely devastated the departments of Sonsonante and Ahuachapán, and since the Apaneca-Illamatepec mountain range coffee mountain range is in those provinces, it'd be in our best interest to start a series of subsidies to peasants and landowners of the area, so that they can return to normalcy and help us take our country back to prosperity.
Resuming Development
With the wounds of the revolution now beginning to finally heal, our economy getting back on track and the economic crisis that had kept El Salvador down finally ending, it has come time to resume our development. El Salvador shall not stay behind its neighbours, and we will endeavour ourselves into the improvement of our nation until it becomes the envy of Central America for its economic strength.
A Socialist Economy
For many years the workers of our nation have unfairly suffered under the capitalist working system's woes. From this day forward, El Salvador shall strive to bring about a fairer society, following the ideals of Alberto Masferrer's Vitalismo, where every individual, regardless of gender or race, shall have the right to a basic standard of living through equal access to education, work, food, and shelter.
Agriculture Reforms
Agriculture in El Salvador will remain as one of its most important economic boons. However, this sector has been dominated for decades by a wealthy elite, which has done nothing but exploiting the rural peasants for their own gain. Now, it is our duty to help the peasants to achieve the same prosperity that those landowners used to have, but in order to do so we'll need to carry out an in-depth agricultural reform.
Safety for the Common Man
Safety regulations in El Salvador are nothing but a group of foggy set of token laws made during the Meléndez-Quiñónez dynasty in order to please the working class. If we wish to give every individual within our country the right of to a worthy standard of living, we need to improve upon our work code's safety regulations.
Supporting Unions
The Unions in El Salvador have been weakened these last few years due to the tyrannical regime of Martínez. However, now that the people are in power, we need to bring the unions back up so that no companies may continue to exploit our citizens, be it a worker or a peasant. For this, however, we need to choose first which union we shall we support...
Follow the European Method
El Salvador has always looked outwards in order to improve itself, and Europe has always been the place to draw inspiration from. With the rise of syndicalism in Europe, while threatening to some, it is enlightening to us, proving that a society led by trade unions is both feasible and effective. We shall take up their example and provide the unions with a bigger say in government affairs.
A New Economy
With our reforms now in full effect and our projects reaching their conclusion, we can now finally inaugurate our new economy. With the instalment of better safety regulations and more equal work laws, our economy shall be both prosperous and beneficial to the workers that reside within El Salvador.
Starting Industrialisation
El Salvador cannot rely only on its agricultural exports and the recent Black Monday crisis has proven it. We need to begin an industrialisation process, even if it is to a limited degree, in order to secure our country's economic production even when faced with the collapse of industrial giants like Germany or the US.
Foreign Development
It'd be foolish to believe that our small nation could be developed only be itself. We lack the tools and the knowledge in order to do so, but the world is filled with countries who possessed them, and that would be more than happy to share them with us if we offer them access to our precious agricultural goods.
Promoting Civilian Development
The importance of our civilian industry must not be underestimated. Our people will need clothing, construction materials and basic consumer goods, and we can't always rely on foreign companies to produce them. In order to achieve at least partial autarky, we need to improve upon our civilian economy.
San Salvador to La Unión
The roads from the city of San Salvador towards the city of La Union are rugged at best. We need to begin a massive campaign in order to improve the Littoral and Pan-American Highways, which will in turn both unite the Western corner of our country with the capital, and greatly benefit the towns of San Miguel and Usulután with the new traffic.
Sticking to the Basics
With so many radical ideas wandering around our nation, we must not forget that El Salvador is a small nation, and there are very few things that could bring prosperity to our country. One of these things has been our tried and true trading economy, which has taken advantage of the Salvadoran fertile soils to improve our overall economy. We shall stick to the basics and continue with this economic policy.
Promoting the Banking Reforms
In order to reach new economic heights, we need to provide our citizens with more capital for them to invest in new businesses, farmlands, tools and machinery. This money could be provided by our banking system but it currently has very strict financing terms. We shall begin a banking reform so that it may be easier for our citizens to start their own enterprises with financial support of the government.
Beginning of a Proper Economy
El Salvador has largely relied on backward agricultural and economic policies in the past and this has to come to an end. From now on, the Salvadoran government will endeavour its efforts into turning the internal economic structure of El Salvador into one of the most modern in Central America.
American Market Washover
One of El Salvador's main markets has always been the United States of America. The recent developments in the American nation have certainly weakened our economic ties, but the profits that it used to generate for us were invaluable. We will try to reignite our fruitful economic relations with the American populace, regardless of their ideology.
Promoting the Coffee Trade
Coffee production is now at an all-time high, but we still don't have many stable buyers in order to sell most of our coffee supply. We shall begin diplomatic efforts in order to facilitate the selling of our coffee throughout the region, which shall in turn increase the profits of our economy, allowing us to reinvest towards improving our efficiency.
Trade Based Economy
With our reforms now in full effect and our projects reaching their conclusion, we can now finally inaugurate our new economy. While many can claim that we're continuing the economic policies of old, we can prove them wrong as our profits are now greater than ever, and our focus outwards is proving to be largely successful despite the claims of exploitation by the syndicalists. Today is a great day for El Salvador!
Revamping the Army
With tensions rising in Central America, we found ourselves ill prepared for a large-scale conflict. We shall start a modernisation programme, starting with a set of manoeuvres in the central region of our country. This should be the first step in bringing our country up to par with any foe who might threaten it.
Guerrilla Tactics
The many years of insurgencies within El Salvador have proven that the terrain in our country clearly favour a decentralised guerrilla force. We shall focus our modernisation programme towards asymmetric warfare and the usage of guerrilla tactics instead of conventional warfare tactics.
Heighten Recruitment
The population of El Salvador is the second highest in Central America, only surpassed by Guatemala. We could take advantage of this fact, but a guerrilla force requires large numbers to work and our current recruitment methods are simply not enough to attract volunteers. We shall start a massive propaganda campaign to attack the young idealists to our force with promises of honour, glory and camaraderie.
Salvadoran Pride
The heroes of Centroamerican independence were mostly Salvadoran. People like José Simeón Cañas, Domingo Antonio de Lara or the Aguilar y Bustamante brothers lead armies against overwhelming forces. Once again, our nation stands threatened, not by foreign oppressors, but by our once so-called brothers. Our very survival is now at stake, and every Salvadoran man shall be called in for duty!
Jungle Warfare
The topography of El Salvador favours those who learn who to fight in its varied environments. While urban combat would work in densely populated zones like San Salvador or Managua and mountain combat in the many mountain ranges surrounding our nation, the most prevalent combat environment is the jungle. As such, we shall begin training in La Joya jungle to practise for such eventuality with our army.
Conserving our Weapons
El Salvador doesn't possess as much industry as our neighbours. While we surely try to compensate that fact buying weapons from other world powers, we're still reliant on a flow of weapons that is not always available. Every Salvadoran soldier shall be given in-depth knowledge on how to repair and maintain any of the weapons within our arsenal, as well as how to best recycle our ammunition.
A Professional Army
Our army has kept itself under very high standards thanks to continuous reforms since the country's birth. This tradition, started since its foundation with President de Arce y Fagoaga in 1824, has managed to allow our army to become one of the most advanced in Central America. We shall focus on improving our conventional warfare capabilities instead of resorting to guerrilla tactics.
Modernising our Divisions
While our army has remained advanced in terms of our officer training and equipment, our army structure still resembles that of a newborn nation in the 19th century. We need to bring our army structure into the 20th century, and we shall focus on restructuring our army organisational system from top to bottom, which shall hopefully increase our combat effectiveness.
Heavy Weaponry
The Weltkrieg has proven that infantry is not the only factor in modern warfare. Any modern fighting force that hopes to be victorious requires an artillery force that can cover they infantry's advances and suppress the enemy in case of counter-attacks. With this in mind, we shall begin investments to improve our national artillery, which should be able to compete with the best cannons that even Krupp may offer!
Borrow Foreign Doctrines
The world has been in constant conflict for the last 30 years, and while we may have taken notes by sending officers to foreign academies and as observers, we still cannot hope to develop combat doctrines as complex as Germany or France with their experiences in the field of warfare. We shall instead try to borrow from their doctrines to improve ours and hopefully gain the upper hand against our neighbours.
Promote the CGGB School
The 'Escuela Militar Capitán Gerardo Barrios' is our alma mater. This officer school has been supported with teachers and books from many countries like Germany, Chile and the United States. It's only logical that in this time of need we promote the academy, providing our soldiers with economic incentives to join the academy to become officers and improving the overall quality of the academy.
Beginnings of an Air Force
The Salvadoran Air Force (FAS) is a relatively young branch of the military. Created to defend the sovereignty and integrity of the Salvadoran state's airspace, it still undergoing reforms and receiving eager recruits from the other branches and the civilian populace. We shall put these recruits to work in some exercises before doing any significant reforms.
Basic Fighter Development
We've imported several fighter planes during the last decade. While technically speaking most are simply training planes, our engineers have worked hard to turn these planes into decent fighting machines. If we use their knowledge, maybe we could reverse engineer these foreign planes and begin producing copies of these planes on our own.
Plane Lease
While we'd love to be able to sustain plane production on our own, the truth is that we can hardly handle our local rifle production, we'd have even more troubles trying to produce a local air force all on our own. Luckily, we still have contacts in the aircraft industry worldwide, who would be more than willing to sell us more planes to defend ourselves.
Bomber Development
The Weltkrieg has proven to the world that an competent air force will be the deciding factor in the wars of tomorrow. While fighters secure the skies, the bombers would support the ground troops with extra firepower from above. We already have plenty of fighters at our disposal, but we will need more bombers in our air force if we wish to compete against our neighbours.
A la Hora y en Cualquier lugar
El Salvador is a small nation, that can't really compete against its neighbours in terms of production. It is for this that we should focus on massive investments in our air force, as it can fight off a numerous enemy with relatively low manpower cost. With this, we will be able to field enough planes to stay true to our motto 'Within an Hour and in any place'.
Naval Bombers
El Salvador doesn't possess any significant surface fleet to fight off enemies in the sea. If we don't wish to be caught off guard by an enemy landing force, it'd be wise to study our imported T6 models in order to create a better local variant of naval bombers with which we can guard our shores.
Forming a Navy
El Salvador doesn't have a formal navy to speak of. We shall begin our efforts to found one, starting off with a naval officers' school. This one shall be placed at the Ilopango Lake and shall operate with wooden boats until a more formal fleet is established. Until the construction of the building is complete, however, these new naval officers will have to make do with one of the air force's hangars...
Expand the Acajutla Port
The small coastal town of Acajutla owns our biggest port in the Pacific, and our only working port big enough to sustain our naval trade. If we wish to possess any seaworthy navy, we should focus on expanding the installations in Acajutla to include a small dockyard which should at least cover the basics we need to start off a navy.
Sticking to the Basics
El Salvador has no need for a grand battlefleet. If war was ever to threaten El Salvador, our manpower would be more valuable on land than in the sea. However, that doesn't mean that owning a navy would be useless. Trade is what keeps El Salvador alive, and in order to keep it this way we'll need escort ships for our convoys. We shall begin funding our engineers to come up with a good escort design we can produce.
Convoy Interception
One of the biggest surprises in the Weltkrieg was the effectiveness of submarine warfare. This invention has proven that a small naval force spread out could be a potential threat to the enemy's war effort by destroying its isolated shipments. We shall invest in this new technology, which shall hopefully give us the upper hand in case of a war against our neighbours.
Patria, Lealtad y Valor
With our navy school finally set up and our dockyards producing our own ship designs, the time has come for us to finally officially found the 'Marina Nacional de El Salvador' or 'MNES', and by Captain Yanez Urias's request, we shall give it the motto 'Country, Loyalty and Valour'.
With the coup d'état led by Maximiliano Hernández Martínez in 1931, democracy in El Salvador has become a thing of the past, with the ultranationalist Pro Patria party keeping a tight grip on the country. With a socialist uprising having been squashed in 1932, Martínez stands tall and with no one to oppose his tyrannical rule... Or so he thinks. His control of the country is highly dependent on American support, and with the escape of the socialist figureheads during the 1932 uprising, the victory of Sandino in Nicaragua and rising tensions in the United States, it may only require for the great northern giant to look away for El Salvador to burst into flames...
El Salvador
El Salvadoran
El Salvador
Salvadoran Commune
the Salvadoran Commune
Salvadoran Commune
the Salvadoran Commune
Salvadoran Commune
the Salvadoran Commune
Agustín Farabundo Martí Rodríguez
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1893, in Teotepeque, La Libertad Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAgustin Farabundo Martí started his political career protesting against the Meléndez-Quiñónez Dynasty and taking part in the first worker's organisations in El Salvador. He'd later volunteer to help the Zapatista forces after the Plan of Agua Prieta came into effect, where he would meet who would be one of his closest friends for years, Augusto César Sandino. He would continue his career of political activism, and would later help Sandino with his fight in Nicaragua. However, with time, Martí grew further and further apart from Sandino, with them disagreeing more and more often on the fate of their countries should their revolutions succeed. Martí eventually gew further and further appart, and their relationship reached a breaking point in 1929 where Martí tried to punch Sandino in a drunken rampage. Despite having apologised formally with Sandino several times, he decided to return to El Salvador in 1930 and start leading the revolutionary movement by himself. His time would come in 1932 where he tried to lead the First Western Uprising, but after being delivered a crushing defeat by Martínez, he fled to Mexico to continue preparing for the revolution in El Salvador. Now that he's in power, he'll do his best to bring about the European-style Syndicalist Utopia he has dreamed of, even if this dream may seem far off for an agrarian region like Central America...§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1893, in Teotepeque, La Libertad Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAgustín Farabundo Martí Rodríguez lacks any sort of formal military training. However, he was involved with the Sandinista army for a long time, and returned to El Salvador in 1929. He tried to lead an armed uprising in 1932, but it failed due to American support of the reactionary forces, and he was forced to flee, first to Guatemala and then to Nicaragua with his old friend. With his victory in the '37 revolution, he has consolidated some knowledge in Guerrilla Warfare, and he has also become a Salvadoran national symbol.§!\n\n§YNotes: Liked by his troops, beloved by the natives.§!
José Feliciano de Jesús Ama Trampa
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Izalco, Sansonante Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Feliciano Ama, a chieftain of the Pipil tribes in Izalco that successfully escaped the 1932 massacre, has managed to become the Head of State of El Salvador. Ama, lacking any sort of formal education and ideology, will delegate most of his work to his ministers and will work mostly to uphold the status quo and improve the overall situation of El Salvador's natives and peasants, regardless of language, ethnicity or religion.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Izalco, Sansonante Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFeliciano Ama lacks any sort of formal military training. However, his participation during the 1932 uprising and the recent takeover have granted him a reputation of bravery and leadership in times of crisis for the native population.§!\n\n§YNotes: Current Chieftain of the Pipil indigenous people.§!
Arturo Araujo Fajardo
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Santa Tecla, La Libertad Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArturo Araujo Fajardo studied to become an engineer in Britain, where he became a strong follower of the British Labour Party's policies before the Weltkrieg. Upon his return to El Salvador, he quickly became a follower of Alfredo Masferrer and his ideology, 'Vitalismo' and in 1930 he made up his mind to finally take part in Salvadoran politics officially and formed his own party, the Partido Laborista, which received immediate support thanks to Masferrer's endorsement. The Laboristas won the 1931 election, and Araujo's career seemed to have practically skyrocketed overnight. However, economic hardship, social instability and opposing the interests of the army and the rural oligarchy only weakened Araujo's position further and further. His presidency came to an end when his Vice-President and Minister of War, Maximiliano Hernández Martínez made a successful coup d'etat in December 2nd, 1931, sidelining Araujo from any politically relevant position and ending democracy in El Salvador. However, with the Second Western Rebellion being successful and Araujo having been chosen to lead his country for the transition to a full democracy once again, he has become a beloved figure in El Salvador, and his rule is bound to see progressive reforms and welfare be introduced to the nation.§!
Alfonso Quiñónez Molina
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1874, in Suchitoto, Cuscatlán Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfonso Quiñónez Molina has had a long political career by Salvadoran standards. He had been learning the ropes of governance from his time as Vice-President for his Brothers-in-law Carlos Meléndez and Jorge Meléndez from 1915 to 1918 and then from 1919 to 1923 respectively; becoming Provisional President in 1914 and 1919 first and then being elected as Constitutional President in 1923. Public outraged ensued after his election, with plenty of media outlets considering his rule as a pseudo-monarchy which came to be known as the Meléndez-Quiñónez Dynasty. Despite the bad press though, his rule saw the greatest coffee boom ever registered in El Salvador's history, making the nation reach record levels of economic prosperity and catapulting Quiñónez's popularity to new heights. However, many episodes of repression during his rule had severely damaged his reputation and was forced to step down when his term was over. The hardships El Salvador has been forced to endure in his absence have made many miss the times of prosperity that he brought, and with a lack of any other strong liberal candidates, the PND decided to contact Quiñónez once again to lead the liberal coalition, to which Quiñónez has gladly accepted. Now that he's back in power, he has promised to do anything in his power to deliver prosperity back to the Salvadoran nation and its people.§!
Salvador Castaneda Castro
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1888, in Chalchuapa, Santa Ana Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSalvador Castañeda Castro, elected as the headmaster of the Gerardo Barrios Military Academy and Minister of Government by Martínez after his coup in 1931, has kept a rather low profile in the country overall. Having defected from Martínez' forces during the Second Western Uprising, it almost seemed like the General was a defender of democracy. Apparently, He has other plans for the Salvadoran democracy, ones that differed greatly from the PL and the PND. Seeing the Red Menace looming over Central America, Castro took advantage of the government's refusal to crack down on rebellious military elements and secretly allied with them, waiting for the Laboristas to make a wrong move to take over El Salvador. Now that he is in control of the nation, he'll purge the Syndicalists from any position of power, all while trying to provide some semblance of democracy to the populace to avoid a new uprising, even if this 'Democracy' will prove to be nothing but a ruse...§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1888, in Chalchuapa, Santa Ana Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSalvador Castaneda Castro signed up for the military as soon as he came of age. His grades at the officer academy allowed him to quickly rise through the ranks until he was chosen as the headmaster of the Salvadoran Military Academy. He has since then kept an impeccable service record, despite disagreements with both Martínez and Salinas.§!
Osmín Aguirre y Salinas
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1889, in San Miguel, San Miguel Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOsmín Aguirre y Salinas had been a career officer since a very young age, and as such had participated little in local Salvadoran politics.. until the 1931 coup d'etat led by Martínez, where Salinas became General Director of the National Police, War Minister and provisional leader of the Civic Directory which gave supreme power to General Martínez. However, mounting unrest in the army has turned Salinas into a voice of opposition against Martínez. Martínez' mistakes during the Second Western Uprising have led the army to overthrow Martínez, but whether Salinas will be able to secure El Salvador and reform it effectively remains to be seen...§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1889, in San Miguel, San Miguel Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOsmín Aguirre y Salinas joined the army after ending his highschool studies. He rose through the ranks until becoming a colonel in 1930. He would later take part in the Directorio Civico after Araujo's disposal, and he'd be one of the main orchestrators with Martínez of the victory against the peasant revolt in 1932, where his talent as an officer began to shine through. He was assigned as the Chief of the Guardia Nacional and was eventually promoted to General. He has since then remained an influential figure within the Salvadoran army, despite his differences with the Pro Patria Party and Martínez.§!\n\n§YNotes: Dislikes Martínez.§!
Maximiliano Hernández Martínez
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1882, in San Matías, La Libertad Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMartínez's political career has been tough ever since it began. With his coup against the civilian government in December of 1931, he's been bombarded with tough decisions which led to the Salvadoran Uprising in 1932. This has proven to be a stain on his political career, with sentiment against him being rampant not only among the general populace but also in some elements of the army. However, the United States aligns with him which is the only thing keeping his political career safe for the time being.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1882, in San Matías, La Libertad Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaximiliano Hernández Martínez entered the 'Escuela Politécnica' of Guatemala, where he studied the basics of warfare and graduated as a second lieutenant, returning to El Salvador in 1903. On his return, he began studying in the faculty of jurisprudence and social sciences of the 'Universidad de San Salvador' before leaving his career during the second year. He was ascended to lieutenant in late 1903; to captain, in 1906 during the war against Guatemala, where he served under general Tomás Regalado and finally to Brigadier General in 1919. He was instituted as War and Navy minister in 1921 and was Arturo Araujo's vice president candidate before organising a coup against Araujo in 1931. Martínez is also the main orchestrator of the crushing victory at Izalco that ended the peasant revolt of 1932.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Pro Patria Party. Unpopular among his troops due to his ruthlessness.§!
Andrés Ignacio Menéndez
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1879, in Santa Ana, Santa Ana Department, Republic of El Salvador§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAndrés Ignacio Menéndez joined the military as a simple volunteer when he turned 18, but after years of exemplary service, he was asked to begin an officer course. He graduated the Salvadoran Military Academy in 1898 as a second-lieutenant and continued to rise steadily through the ranks, managing to become brigadier general in 1920. He was assigned as provisional president during the Legislative Assembly of 1934, where he tried to truly democratise the country and repay the debts that Martínez had left in two short years. However, his rule was short lived as Martínez led a coup against him and reinstated himself as dictator with American backing. This however has not changed his reputation, and he is still a trusted member of the general staff. Menendez is considered an honourable and loyal man both by the military and the civilian populace.§!\n\n§YNotes: Apathetic to politics.§!
Miguel Mármol
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1905, in Ilopango, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Claudia Lars
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1899, in Armenia, Sonsonate Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
José Gustavo Guerrero
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1876, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
José Castellanos Contreras
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1893, in San Vicente, San Vicente Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Óscar Osorio
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1910, in Sonsonate, Sonsonate Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Fidel Cristino Garay
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1887, in Chinameca, San Miguel Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Mauro Espinola Castro
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1890, in Jucuapa, Usulután Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Humberto Alejandro Aberle
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1891, in Santa Ana, Santa Ana Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Juan Ramón Munés
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1903, in Santa Ana, Santa Ana Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Abel Cuenca
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Tacuba, Ahuachapán Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Graciela Amaya de García
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1895, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Modesto Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Soyapango, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Hector Escobar Serrano
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1904, in Tejutla, Chalatenango Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Julio Enrique Ávila
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1892, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Jose Ascencio Menendez
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1887, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Alberto Gómez Zárate
§YBorn:§! §Lin San Miguel Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Salvador Peña Trejo
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1895, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Fidel Rodríguez Quintanilla
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1911, in San Miguel, San Miguel Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Óscar Bolaños
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1912, in Sonsonate, Sonsonate Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Reynaldo Galindo Pohl
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1918, in Sonsonate, Sonsonate Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
Joaquín Valdés
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1906, in San Salvador, San Salvador Department, Republic of El Salvador§!
