Mittelafrika Focus Tree
Mittelafrika
Mittelafrikaner
Mittelafrika
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
South West Africa
South West African
South West Africa
Free Germany
Free German
Free Germany
Provisional Government of Germany
the Provisional Government of Germany
[THIS.MittelafrikaGetStateTerritoryTitle]
German East Africa
Cameroon Protectorate
Congo Protectorate
Gabon Protectorate
Togo Protectorate
Dahomey Protectorate
German South West Africa
Nigeria Colony/Protectorate
Gold Coast Colony
Kenya Colony/Protectorate
Uganda Protectorate
Northern Rhodesia
Nyasaland Protectorate
Karl Ritter
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1883, in Marktredwitz, Upper Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKarl Ritter arrived in a Mittelafrika that had for many years been subject to the whims of the various military cliques that had formed in the aftermath of the 1919 and 1925 pacification campaigns, and while he initially hoped to break this status quo, he found that although he was legally in charge, the German army's tradition of 'independent action' did not make it particularly amenable to being told what to do. By 1936 he has largely abandoned these efforts, taking comfort in the fact that at least in Africa, things rarely change... or do they?§!
Georg von Kraut
During the Weltkrieg, von Kraut was one of the most senior officers in East Africa, after Generals von Lettow-Vorbeck and Wahle. He took command of the battles of Kilimanjaro, Oldorobo, and Latema Nek, leading the troops to victory each time. After the war, he took divisional command and put down rebellions in the Upper Kongo and Ruvuma Valley. In 1925, he would be the one to negotiate the entry of German troops into British East Africa and conduct the occupation. Later, he would become commander of all armed forces in Mittelafrika. To the extent that the Schutztruppe has a leader, it's him.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1870, in Hildesheim, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_georg_kraut_desc_body$ With Generaloberst Georg von Kraut in command, we can expect to continue the finest German military traditions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1870, in Hildesheim, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_georg_kraut_desc_body$§!
Ernst Jünger
Awarded the Pour le Mérite for his service in the Weltkrieg, Jünger is something of a renaissance man. He is both an accomplished author, with his best-seller 'Storm of Steel' and an educated entomologist, using his time in Africa to discover and document numerous species while introducing our Askari to 'stormtrooper tactics'. Jünger broke with the German Army after a dispute carried through a series of articles published in military journals in the mid-20s.\n\nUnable to convince the General Staff to adopt his views, he took a transfer to Africa, where he was free to implement his theories on the importance of psychology in modern warfare.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1895, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_ernst_juenger_desc_body$ Proclaiming a new era in colonial governance, Ernst Jünger will bring what he calls a 'new spirit of 'adventure' to the colonisation of Africa, as well as help us reform our infantry tactics.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1895, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_ernst_juenger_desc_body$§!
Fritz Kolbe
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1900, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_fritz_kolbe_desc_body$§!
Fritz Kolbe rose through the ranks of the Colonial Office not by patronage and favour, but by diligence and ability. It was his raw intellect that brought him into the service of Karl Ritter, and it was with Karl Ritter that he went to Mittelafrika. When his superior began to falter, Kolbe picked up the pace - and has run much of the day-to-day operations of the governor's office, ensuring a smooth transition when he found himself formally in charge after the former governor's downfall.
Rudolf Asmis
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1879, in Mesekenhagen, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_rudolf_asmis_desc_body$§!
Dr. Asmis is a jurist with a long career in the Reichskolonialamt. He has served as a district officer in Togoland, Consul to the Belgian Congo, Counsellor to the General Government of Belgium, delegate to the Shanghai Convention, and, most recently, head of the Reichskolonialamt. His most notable and controversial work has been with his policy of 'Bezirksleiterrecht', a policy of legitimising and formalising local and tribal law, and giving district officers the power to defer to this law in place of German Law. This has been tried in Samoa with some success in reducing conflict with the locals. With such a long history in Imperial and Foreign affairs, he naturally has a close relationship with key individuals in the Colonial Office, and will favour their ideas in decision making. A gifted diplomat with global experience as the head of the Reichskolonialamt, Dr Asmis is eager to see Africa fulfil a key role in Germany's Weltpolitik.
Hermann Meyer-Rabingen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1887, in Rotenburg, Province of Hannover, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Adolf von Duisburg
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1883, in Arnhemia, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Theodor von Hippel
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1900, in Thorn, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Alfred von Randow
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1879, in Neiße, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hans Surén
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1885, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ferdinand Schörner
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1892, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Adolf Heusinger
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1897, in Holzminden, Duchy of Brunswick, German Empire§!
Heinrich Kirchheim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1882, in Bad Elmen, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hans Holländer
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in the German Empire§!
Max von Looff
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1874, in Strasbourg, Lower Alsace District, Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire§!
Ernst-Felix Krüder
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1897, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Reichskolonialamt
§YFounded:§! §L1890, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Friedrich Kegel
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Hettstedt, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Alfred Zintgraff
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1878, in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erich Gröner
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1901, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Jan Cornelius van Sambeek
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1886, in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Max von Schenckendorff
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1875, in Prenzlau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hellmuth Felmy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 28th, 1885, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Udet
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1896, in Frankfurt am Main, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ludwig Bockholt
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1885, in Heerdt, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
German Oversight
Mauser Mittelafrika
Opel Daressalam
Focke Wulf Afrika
[GetYear] Budget
$MAF_budget_decisions$
Industrial Factory Donations: §G+[?MAF_offmap_civs]§!\nMilitary Factory Donations: §G+[?MAF_offmap_mils]§!\nWeekly Manpower: §G+[?MAF_weekly_manpower]§!
We receive the bulk of our budget through subsidies and trade, along with fresh troops, from Germany.
[GetYear] Budget
We receive the bulk of our budget through subsidies and trade, along with fresh troops, from Germany.
An Economy in Shambles
2nd Year: Military Focus
2nd Year: Civilian Focus
3rd Year: Military Focus
3rd Year: Civilian Focus
4th Year: Finishing Touches
Towards a Self-Sufficient Africa
Imminent Collapse
We have managed to ignite the entire continent into war! Unless we crush them all swiftly, our entire apparatus of state will implode, and Mittelafrika will cease to exist.
Honorary Officers
British Volunteers
Mittelafrikan Bundesrat
Spirit of von Lettow-Vorbeck
Efficient Supply Usage
Expanding our Airfields
African Ground Crews
Pilot Endurance Training
Carrying the Fight Abroad
Cape to Cairo Railroad
Expanded Cape to Cairo Railroad
Belgian Investment
African Investments
White Phosphorus Bombs
White phosphorus has many uses, but none as deadly or effective as being applied directly against enemy combatants in dense jungle terrain, though its after-effects are less than 'savoury'.
Native Revolt
The Mandate Question
The formerly British colonies have been under German mandate since the collapse of the British Empire in 1925. Their governmental structures remain largely intact, though power is increasingly consolidated in the hands of a handful of rich landowners.\n\nSince we cannot directly interact with their governance, this may turn out to be a problem in the long run.
Cut off funding
In order to stave off ideas like 'sovereignty', the German homeland has decided to punish Mittelafrika with a reduction in its supplies and funding. Without much of the vital supply required to maintain the pacification of untamed areas, many areas on the dark continent are slipping away from Dar-es-Salaam's control and are at risk of slipping into the control of local forces.\n\nIt's to be seen if this move manages to affect the wayward colonial authorities to come begging back for the fatherland's help, or if it is merely just another step in the gradual loss of control that has been plaguing the administration.
Border Raids
There are ongoing 'bandit' raids along our border; they are destroying crops, burning villages, and killing our guards. While the Portuguese promise they know nothing about these 'bandits', we are sure they are behind them. Either way, the raids will continue to be a thorn in our side until we put an end to the flow of guns to these 'bandits'.
Rising Resistance
With the loss of Mittelafrikan troops to Portuguese forces, there has been a significant rise in the activity of anti-colonial movements as a response. With the colonial forces battered and their reputation as an undefeated army tarnished, many are willing to take up arms and fight the German forces head-on, and colonial forces can't do much in the meantime to oppose them.
Recent Resistance
With the loss of Mittelafrikan troops to Portuguese forces, there has been a significant rise in tensions in the colony as a result. With the colonial forces battered and their reputation as an undefeated army somewhat tarnished, some are still willing to take up arms and fight the German forces head-on, and colonial forces are in weak shape to oppose them.
'Unconventional' Army
Armies created following the collapse of Mittelafrika aren't conventional. They don't have the same ability to defend and hold the line as more standard divisions but are better able to move and fight in the harsh conditions of Africa. Additionally, while conventional factories are few and far between, there are ample opportunities to scavenge equipment, providing a steady, if limited, supply of arms.
Modern African Army
On Borrowed Time
Ever since our defeat in Europe, we have ingloriously retreated to Africa, just like the French before us. The situation is far from ideal - we lack the industry, men, and guns to match our old glory. But worse are the locals... they are eyeing our weakness, and their loyalties are shifting. Foreign powers, ambitious warlords, and internal fighting are chipping away at the fragile, rotting infrastructure our predecessors have neglected. We have to move fast, or else Germany will be lost!
Afrikakorps
Expanded Afrikakorps
Closer to the Fatherland
We provide considerable state support to the construction of a new imperial navy. While we lack the ability to easily produce larger ships, the nation's output of small ships has increased substantially.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
RKA (Reformist)
Reichskolonialamt (Reformist)
RKA (Hardliner)
Reichskolonialamt (Hardliner)
Prov. NatAusch. WDSt.
Provisorischer Nationalausschuß für die Wiedergewinnung des deutschen Staates (Provisional National Committee for the Recovery of the German State)
-
When Stability reaches §R-80%§!, the country will §Rcollapse§!
§RAll remaining revolters will grow stronger.§!
§RThis is not a path that we should tread lightly. Powerful forces both within and without will try to stop us...§!\n
\nThe Governor's message may not be well received.\nWe will deal with any and all §Rinsubordination§!.
\nFailure to obey Berlin rarely goes unpunished.\nWe are ready to face the §Rconsequences§!.\n\n
§RMittelafrika will collapse and fracture into dozens of new nations.§!\n
Mittelafrika has collapsed
§RIgnoring the words of the Kaiser is a dangerous game...§!\n
§RAlmost the entire continent is about to break out into open revolt; this is surely the end...§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes North Mozambique to Mittelafrika.§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes the entirety of Mozambique, which shall be incorporated into Mittelafrika.§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes parts of Mozambique and Angola as security zones for Mittelafrika.§!\n
§R[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes the entirety of Mozambique and Angola, which shall be incorporated into Mittelafrika.§!\n
§RIt appears that somehow MAF or GER has not demanded anything - this appears to be a bug in the events, so if you see this in a normal way, it would be very helpful if you could report this to the KR GitHub, preferably with a game log.§!\n
§RAdding such large amounts of territory to the already unstable Mittelafrika administration might prove to push it past its breaking point.§!\n
All the revolts have been defeated
Our colony will start supplying Germany with domestic produce §Rat all costs.§!\n\n
§H[Root.GetNameDefCap]§! declares war on §H$KEN_KIK$§!.
§RThe Bush War will start.§!\n§H[MAF.GetNameDef]§! declares war on §H$POR$§!.
§CPortugal§! currently has the advantage.
§PMittelafrika§! currently has the advantage.
§LNo One§! has the advantage.
[ROOT.GetName] can only send volunteers to nations in Africa.
§Y[ENT.GetFlag][ENT.GetName]§! and its allies do not own any §Y[GER.GetFlag]German§! core states.
Budgeting for Beginners
Through foreign investment and trade, we are currently receiving:\n\n   £GFX_civ_factory  [?MAF_offmap_civs] Civilian Factories\n   £GFX_mil_factory  [?MAF_offmap_mils] Military Factories
Domestic Affairs
£GFX_increase_texticon  Increase Military Budget
£GFX_decrease_texticon  Decrease Military Budget
§Y2§! £GFX_civ_factory
§R2§! £GFX_civ_factory
It costs $MAF_2_civ_blocked$  to take the decision
§Y3§! £GFX_mil_factory
§R3§! £GFX_mil_factory
It costs $MAF_3_mil_blocked$  to take the decision
Modify our §YColonial Budget§! by
Daressalam to Kampala
The next stage of the Cape to Cairo railroad requires us to connect Daressalam and Kampala.
Kampala to Khartoum
The last section of the Cape to Cairo railroad lies in the Sudan; we need to connect Kampala to Khartoum. Some of this work is outside our borders, but as long as we are willing to supply the manpower, this need not be a problem.
Khartoum to Addis Ababa
It is time to extend the Cape to Cairo railroad by connecting it to Ethiopia, thus opening a new route for trade in Africa. Once again we will have to provide the manpower, but the economic benefits will surely outweigh the costs.
Expanding Rubber Plantations
Africa's natural wealth is staggering; we need to develop our means of accessing it.
Oil Extraction in Nigeria
It is time to further develop our means of resource extraction.
Extracting Rare Metals
The time has come to make Africa the resource powerhouse it was always meant to be.
Resource Refinement Efforts
We need to develop our means of refining the many resources yielded by the African soil.
Assume control of the Mittelafrikan Navy
The small German Mittelafrikan navy is a valuable asset to our naval strategy in the Indian Ocean. It would be better off if it were more closely integrated into Berlin's command structure, rather than being left to the whims of Dar-es-Salaam.
§RRevolt in Mittelafrika§!
Revolt in Mittelafrika! It seems that ending the protectorates was a step too far; open revolt is now all but inevitable. If only we could have known it would be the spark that sets off the powder keg...\n\nWhile many think this is the end of Mittelafrika, we know better; our brave troops will surely be able to put down some upstart revolts and resolve things quickly.\n\n§RIf our stability drops too low or we are unable to put down the revolt in time, it will indeed be the end of Mittelafrika.§!\n\nYou can gain additional time by capitulating revolting nations.
Save the DKAEB
The Bush War
\n§LWe will win if we manage to take control over any three of the following states owned by§! §CPortugal§!§L:§! §g[540.GetName], [544.GetName], [917.GetName]§! §Land§! §g[950.GetName].§!
The Bush War
\n§LWe will win if we manage to take control over any three of the following states owned by§! §PMittelafrika§!§L:§! §g[813.GetName], [871.GetName], [879.GetName]§! §Land§! §g[958.GetName].§!
Refused to Stop the Rebels
Colony and Protectorate of Kenya
British Kenya has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria
British Nigeria has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Colony of the Gold Coast
British Gold Coast has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Uganda Protectorate
British Uganda has been under German protection since 1925.
Northern Rhodesia Protectorate
British Northern Rhodesia has been under German protection since 1925.
Nyasaland Protectorate
British Nyasaland has been under German protection since 1925.
Autonomous Protectorate
German-Operated DKAEB Railroad
Jointly Operated DKAEB Railroad
£GFX_command_power  Administrative Failure Counter: [?MAF_administration_failure_counter]\n\n[MAF_get_admin_fail_oversight_lvl]
§GBusiness as usual.§!
§YOur administration is operating under heightened oversight from Berlin.§!
§ROur administration is currently under investigation.\nAny further missteps could prove to be its downfall.§!
§CThis represents a §Rsignificant failure§! of our administration. Continued failure will result in the §Rremoval§! of Governor [THIS.GetLeader].§!
§RBerlin will choose a new governor.§!
Four Year Plan
Trouble is brewing in Europe and Asia: Germany's enemies are growing bolder every day, while our own military has become complacent. We must set a timetable for our economic and military rearmament to ensure that we are ready to support the Fatherland in every way possible.
A Long-Range Air Force
Africa is far from the major theatres of war. In order to engage our enemies, we must construct a fleet of long-range bombers capable of even transoceanic voyages. Even if we never use it, our ability to project air power across the Indian and Atlantic oceans will greatly improve our prestige.
Ready for the Inevitable
War is inevitable, and time is precious. In the Weltkrieg, we gained a great advantage by mobilising faster than the British in Africa. We must be the first to mobilise in the next war as well.
Workshops into Factories
African labourers will work for far less than the average German, if we pay them at all. It makes sense, therefore, to encourage the development of simple manufacturing processes suitable to Africa instead.
A Career in the Colonies
The crisis in Germany has cost many qualified engineers and planners their jobs. Various colonial societies have taken it upon themselves to encourage these now unemployed people to pursue a career in the colonies - and us to hire them for future large-scale projects.
Connecting the Continent
Thanks to the influx of German engineers, we are seeing an unprecedented number of proposals for infrastructure projects that will make future large-scale projects possible. The Congo Basin is a particular favourite.
Technical Schools
The education of the natives has always been provided by the missionary schools. But they have their own agenda, and training good, efficient workers is not part of it. So it is up to us to educate the brave warriors on the home front - in our factories and manufactories.
The Reluctant Sovereign
Now that [MAF.GetLeader]'s position as Governor has been secured, it is time to bring the Schutztruppe to heel and turn the rest of our administration toward furthering our autonomy and authority.
Swakopmund Proving Grounds
Flamethrowers, artillery pieces, bombs - we have it all. However, it is proven that training on them in proper facilities is more efficient than firing indiscriminately into the wilderness. As such, military training is henceforth to be conducted at the Swakopmund Proving Grounds, where we can both supervise how our equipment is handled as well as note any flaws in operation and construction.
Develop the Flüssigbrandbombe
Traditional bombing tactics have limited use in the dense foliage of Africa. The thick vegetation and jungle require a new weapon: the Flüssigbrandbombe 'the Liquid Fire Bomb'. Its effect on enemy combatants is as horrific as it is effective.
African Jet Aircraft
Africa is vast, and we can't depend on anyone else to control it. We must develop and create the latest developments in aerial warfare; jet aircraft. With them, no one will be able to challenge us in all the continent!
Investigate the Black Dossier
Our administration has been seriously compromised and we must ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.
Sovereign is he...
The situation in Germany is growing worse by the minute, threatening the very existence of our presence in Africa. We are in a state of exception, and we must take extraordinary measures. There cannot be any more turmoil from within.
...who decides on the exception
The Governor is not merely a bureaucrat fulfilling a government role. We have already established that he is only accountable to Germany, and it is now important to establish that he is co-equal to the highest authority in Africa.
The Legal Status of the British Protectorates
The status quo surrounding the British Colonies and Protectorates satisfies no one. Let us strive to amend this as soon as possible.
Disband the Paramilitaries
Even before our arrival, the British populations of Kenya and Northern Rhodesia worked to ensure their security through 'rifle clubs', auxiliary police associations, and paramilitaries. Rowdy and lacking any semblance of central leadership, these organisations do as much harm as they do good. It is time to put an end to their reign of terror.
Annex the British Colonies
In 1925, the island of Britain fell to the plague of socialism. Our armies moved into British territory to prevent the revolution from reaching Africa, establishing a trusteeship over the British colonies until a 'responsible British government' could be restored. We shall end this farce; the colonies are ours by right of conquest.
A New Administration
In order to further assert our control over Africa, it is necessary to take inventory of our administrators and staff and coordinate a plan of action.
A Return to Responsible Governance
It has been more than a decade since the British colonies and protectorates have seen an appointment of new governors and administrators. With the collapse of the government in London, the local Legislative and Executive Councils have persisted. They have been sidelined long enough and shall take up the mantle of the governance of the British Colonies.
Reconcile the Paramilitaries
While some may see the British settlers' paramilitaries as a nuisance, we see it as an opportunity. A large armed, conservative, and white population can reinforce our rule and protect against native uprisings. We should grant our official blessing to these organisations.
Integrate the Anglo Security Forces
We can reduce discontent in our British trusteeships by offering their officers commissions in our forces at an equivalent rank. They will feel less like a subject population, and we get a wealth of well-trained officers.
Restore British Self-Rule
Attempting to integrate the British Colonies into our Colonial Union would not only be foolish - for neither Berlin nor the Brits on the ground want this to happen - but also exceedingly difficult. Still, the status quo cannot continue. We should thus instead restore some measure of self-rule to these people as part of our trusteeship to restore responsible government to these territories.
Bezirksleiterrecht
Much of the law that ordinary Africans operate and face trial under is not German law, but local tribal laws, arbitrated by tribal leaders and elders. Rather than trying to stamp it out and flood our limited number of acceptable judges, lawyers, and jurors, Rudolf Asmis has proposed we have teams of legal experts consult with the locals to put into writing and modernise their local laws.
A Mittelafrikan Bundesrat
Already, each constituent colony of our Kolonialbund has a Landesrat, which gives German citizens the opportunity to have a say in government. We will create an analogue at the federal level, a Mittelafrikan 'Bundesrat'. Half of its seats will be elected by the individual colonies, while the other half will be appointed directly by the Governor.
Promote African Studies in Germany
The official language of our administration is Swahili, but there are few opportunities to learn it elsewhere, not to mention the hundreds of other native languages used in Africa. To have a steady supply of competent administrators, we should encourage German universities to train specialists in African languages and cultures.
Royal Tours
In Africa, we mostly rule through local intermediaries, Kings and Chieftains whose rule we back with iron authority. We can use them to help modernise from the ground up, while also integrating them better into the empire by introducing them to the society of Kings, Dukes, and other Royalty that makes up our larger empire.
Back to the Basics
Our administration draws from over 50 years of experience on the Dark Continent. Undefeated against impossible odds in the Weltkrieg, we understand that Africa is very different from Europe, and are aware of our limitations. This is our strength, not our weakness!
Reform the Schutztruppe
For too long our Schutztruppe has operated in military fashion despite not being part of the German military. Though they displayed outstanding bravery during the Weltkrieg, they are a police force, not an occupying army. It's time they acted like it.
An African Army
We should never forget that our Askari are trained to secure and defend Africa. To this end, we require light infantry capable of operating in the brush and jungle on low supply.
Honorary Officers
The core of our authority are the Askari, who obey without question, and the local authorities who can effectively administrate our territories. We should blend the two by adopting Kings and Chieftains as honorary officers in our armed forces.
The African Breadbasket
Much of Africa has little in the way of agricultural development, but what we do have is invested in cash crops suitable only for the tropics. The last Weltkrieg showed that Germany is vulnerable due to its lack of foodstuffs, and so by focusing on staples such as corn and rice, rather than tobacco and pepper, we can help ensure victory.
Cash Crops Exports
It is no secret that the quest for exotic goods has always been a driver of imperialism. Many tropical crops can grow in the Sub-Saharan environment, such as coffee and cocoa. We should focus on these rather than staples, importing food from Ukraine or East Prussia to make up for any imbalances.
Strategic Resources Export
In the event of war, Mittelafrika must serve to feed the great German war machine. Expanding our production of strategic resources will ensure we can outproduce our enemies and strengthen the Fatherland.
Rolling Stock Expansion
While the network of tracks spanning the dark continent has seen exponential growth since the advent of colonialism, it is the trains themselves that are slowly becoming obsolete. We shall rectify this by importing trains from Europe.
The Cape to Cairo Railway
It is time to finish what the British started; the Cape to Cairo Railroad will lead to massive economic growth across the continent. First, we must build up the infrastructure around Daressalam.
Attract Belgian Investment
The Belgians have been here long before us as a colonial power, and they've never really left. We have a comfortable and working relationship with numerous mining firms that have actually expanded beyond their original holdings in the Congo. If we continue this policy, we can reap the benefits of their capital.
Cottage Industries
It's strange to think, but even in the 20th century a great deal of work can be done by distributing work to the vast numbers of skilled Africans throughout the continent, many of them traditionally trained blacksmiths, in order to increase our production.
Our Own Shipyards
Our current policy of adapting and refitting outdated ships from the Kaiserliche Marine is both costly and ineffective. The ships we receive are too slow for modern vessels and are in frequent need of costly repairs. Instead of large, rusting cruisers, we should be focusing on state-of-the-art destroyers and U-Boats to keep our operating costs low.
East Asian Exports
We are only a part of Germany's vast colonial empire. We should make sure our trade doesn't only go to the metropole, but takes advantage of opportunities in the Orient.
Industrial Development
With our new budget in place, we are able to develop the industries of Mittelafrika.
Light Industrial Buildup
To recover from our economic problems, we must develop our civilian industry.
Continue Industrial Research
It is time to research and develop new industrial technology.
Belgian Resource Companies
By granting the Belgian conglomerates autonomy and security rights over remote stretches of the Congo, we can ensure a more disciplined workforce.
Lovanium University
The Belgians have set up a trade school in the capital of the Congo. Formally integrating it with our administration will foster technological growth.
Military Reforms
It is time to modernise our army for a new age of warfare.
Afrikanisches Fliegerkorps
It is time to establish our own dedicated air corps, separate from Germany's own air force.
African Ground Crews
We don't have enough white German personnel to fill our air force, so we must recruit Africans for the job.
Carrying the Fight Abroad
Our African air force is among the best-equipped in the world. We can afford to throw our weight behind some of the more agreeable parties in the ongoing conflicts around the world.
Bomber Aircraft
The development of bomber aircraft is of paramount importance for African warfare.
Expanding our Airfields
Our airfields are in terrible condition; we must improve them if we are to become an air power.
African Air Industry
It is time to develop our own homemade air force industry, so we are no longer reliant on hand-me-downs from Germany.
Pilot Endurance Training
Regular training for pilots will not be enough in Africa. The vast distances and extreme conditions require pilots of the highest calibre, able to operate effectively even during the longest missions. Training and preparation will be key.
Sturdy Trucks
In the rough terrain of Africa, our trucks must be as sturdy and resistant to damage as possible.
Modernise our Artillery
The Weltkrieg has shown artillery is an important part of warfare, and ours must be as good as any other.
Modern Support Divisions
We must modernise our support divisions; we cannot allow ourselves to be left behind by the world.
Modern Tactics
It is time to modernise our tactics for this new age of warfare; we cannot allow ourselves to be defeated by a lack of strategic power.
Improve our Logistics
During the Weltkrieg, we required over 200,000 porters to supply a force of only 18,000 soldiers. This drained our food supplies and reduced our mobility to the rate at which humans can carry artillery. We cannot allow this to happen again.
Electronic Intelligence Project
Mittelafrika is not suited for a large navy, our shores are too large to protect, and our industry would be better spent on other things. One such other thing is an investment in electronics technology, which will give us the ability to project power from Africa and help our Fatherland through intelligence gathering.
Light Infantry
Our troops must be used to marching over rough terrain and surviving the harshest of climates.
Establish the Air Mobile Infantry
Ludwig von Bockholt, who once captured an enemy ship from a zeppelin, has always been a daring innovator in air combat. His newest innovation: aerial deployment and resupply of full divisions.
White Man's Graveyard
Ours is an army prepared for jungle warfare on the tactical level, both in the equipment we've selected and our troops' familiarity with and resistance to tropical disease. While other armies fear the jungle, we welcome it.
The Königsberg Gunners
Aside from lake battles using improvised steamers, Africa saw little naval action during the Weltkrieg. Its largest battle was that of the Rufiji Delta, where the SMS Königsberg was severely damaged before being scuttled. Its crew, however, fought on overland, so it is no wonder that some of our naval officers possess expertise in naval infantry tactics.
Port Renovation
In the age of coal-fired navies, forward bases were key. An extensive network of port facilities allowed the Reich to project its power across the seas.\n\nThese days, ships no longer need to refuel every few hundred kilometres, so many of our port facilities have fallen by the wayside. It is time for some renovations.
Our Own Dockyards
With the proper investment, we can establish naval dockyards of our own, and contribute to any new naval arms race.
Acquire New Blueprints
By purchasing vessels from German shipyards, and purchasing antiquated vessels from the Kaiserliche Marine, we can stimulate the German economy and strengthen our own naval industry at the same time.
Naval Aerial Observation
To build on the strength of our geographic position, we should improve the observation and interdiction ability of naval aircraft. Conventional German naval aircraft are designed with the short ranges of the North Sea in mind, so we must develop facilities to modify planes for our needs.
Strategic Resources Reserve
In the last war, cut off from Germany, we had to improvise our own supplies. We found ways to manufacture torpedoes, artillery shells, dyes, liquors, and foodstuffs out of practically nothing. We should perpetuate this tradition and find ways to improvise the manufacture of goods if we are cut off from the Fatherland again.
Sailing With the Kaiserliche Marine
Our vessels should not simply patrol local waters. We should send them sailing from Kiel to Tsingtau on exercises with the Kaiserliche Marine.
Our Darkest Hour
Forced from our homeland and made to flee like rats from the Syndicalist Hordes, this is truly the darkest hour our nation has ever experienced. Let us rally those who remain loyal to our cause, the promise of reclaiming our lands as a rallying cry.
The Spirit of Resistance
Our Fatherland is lost. In this time of absolute crisis, we must place our faith in Kaiser and Country. Already the people are uniting around the Lion of Africa, Lettow-Vorbeck, and many are seeing the return of a Weltkrieg-style Burgfriedenspolitik truce in party politics.
The Afrikakorps
Our forces are now a motley mix of Exiles and Askari, currently far too disparate in terms of both professionalism and culture to work together successfully. We must seek to re-train and re-drill our surviving forces to serve as one unified force. Our survival depends upon it.
Museum Pieces
No longer can we let our old arms sit in glass cabinets to be ogled by gentlemen in their hunting lodges. Every musket and elephant gun we have must be thrust into the hands of those capable of bearing them. After all, they did help win us one Weltkrieg. They shall win us a second.
Our Only Way Home
Attempting to restore and replenish the Kaiserliche Marine would go a long way in helping us return to Berlin. This is our only goal and all other objectives must be cast aside in pursuit of it.
Walking Over Water
We must travel long and far to return to the Fatherland, and as such, we must plan and prepare accordingly. A determined effort to produce and requisition troop transports is an absolute must.
Old Enemies, New Allies
We have been defeated by the Syndicalist bastards, and yet the Entente still soldiers on. While it was obviously their failures in Europe that led to this mess in the first place, many say that we should put aside our differences and join with the Entente to reclaim our homeland, as unbearable as such a path may be.
Our Dominion
Ever since the continent's fate was decided at the Berlin Conference in 1884, we have held a certain affinity for it as part of our desire for a Place in the Sun. Now that we reside on the dark continent, we shall make sure our ties to the land are borne out in practice, at both a national and local level.
Crush France
While there is a cruel irony in that we and the French have both been exiled from Europe, it is the only affinity that we share. We should crush them, seize their holdings and adapt their industries to better forge the way for our homecoming. There can be no mercy.
Reclaim the Birthright
The time has come to take back what is rightfully ours. No longer shall we huddle on the dark continent stewing in our inglorious defeat. We shall show the godless Syndicalists the full fury of the Kaiser!
Just Good Business
Canada has been a useful ally in helping us to reclaim the homeland, and for this, they have our respect. However, this does not mean that they are no longer a threat to our Empire, and realpolitik comes before all other concerns. After all, it is only business.
The Mozambique Situation
During the Weltkrieg, the situation in Africa was truly paradoxical. The war in East Africa ended in a stalemate, with the Entente occupying German East Africa and us occupying Mozambique. Both sides recruited thousands of Africans from 'enemy' territory as porters, armed guards, or soldiers, and after the war, we had to punish those who joined the Entente's side. Now, many of these natives have been displaced across the Mozambique border, and there are rumours that the new extremist government in Portugal is planning to arm them against us.
We must prepare.
The Mozambique Situation
During the Great War, the situation in Africa was truly paradoxical. The war in East Africa ended in a stalemate, with the Entente occupying German East Africa and the Germans occupying our Mozambique. Both sides recruited thousands of Africans from 'enemy' territory as porters, armed guards, or soldiers, and after the war, the Huns led cruel reprisal attacks on the natives who had sided with us. Since then, thousands of those natives have fled over the border into Mozambique, where they now live in camps. These natives are a good opportunity to sow mischief in Mittelafrika, as many of them still want revenge for what the Huns did to them.
Let's draw up a plan...
A Chance For Mischief in Our Rightful Territories
There is a great opportunity for us to cause instability in Mittelafrika by arming angry displaced natives who live in camps in Mozambique. The more unstable Mittelafrika is, the better chance we have to retake our rightful territories shown on the Pink Map.
Arm them as much as we can.
Crack down on these hooligans.
Police Shooting in Lusaka!
A Makonde tribesman has shot one of our police officers in Lusaka! The city is still in shock and the perpetrator, along with many supporters, is now being held for investigation by the local police. The leading theory is that he acquired the weapons from across the border, in Portugal's colonies.
Terrible!
Another Police Officer Has Been Shot!
Another policeman, this time from Lilongwe, has been shot dead by a radicalised local, a member of the Makonde tribe. The cause of his radicalisation and the source of his weapons are still under investigation, but it is possible that he obtained them from Portugal.
This is an outrage!
A Third Police Officer Has Been Shot!
Tragedy has struck Dar-es-Salaam! For the third time, a police officer has been shot dead: this time by a member of the Makonde tribe. The Dar-es-Salaam police are now searching for the killer and the cause of the attack; Portuguese involvement is suspected.
Surely this cannot continue!?
Njassaland Plantation Burnt Down!
A cashew plantation in Njassaland has been burnt down by 'bandits' operating from across the Portuguese border. They've taken as much of the recently harvested crop as they could, burned the rest, and fled back to Portuguese Mozambique.
Something must be done about this!
Military Depot Raided!
The 'bandits' are no longer afraid of even the famous might of our Askari! They have raided and stolen supplies from one of our military depots and escaped with the supplies back to their camp in Mozambique.
Portugal must put an end to this!
The Portuguese Question
We should lodge a formal complaint against Portugal. The continued existence of these 'bandit camps' is a clear threat to our colony. If they cannot deal with a few bandits, they are clearly not fit to be a colonial power.
We will take this all the way to Berlin!
The Portuguese-Mittelafrika Dispute
Our Mittelafrikan Governor has come to us with a request for aid. He speaks of Portugal supporting bandits that murder German and African police and endanger our rule in Africa. What should we do?
We shall take up the matter with Portugal ourselves!
The Germans Come Knocking
The Germans in Dar-es-Salaam have come to their overlords in Berlin and told them about our support of rebels in their territory. Now Berlin demands we produce an explanation for our actions...
Explain the situation.
We do not discuss internal affairs with foreign nations.
Portugal Denied Our Request
The Portuguese government refused to 'discuss internal affairs with foreign nations'. This is not on at all, and we have sent them a strongly worded letter reminding them of their duties to us.
Unacceptable! Tell Mittelafrika they can deal with it!
An Offer From Germany
The Portuguese government has refused to 'discuss internal affairs' with Germany, and in retaliation, the Kaiser has given us the green light to deal with this issue as we see fit.
A green light you say? Now is the time!
Portugal Offers an Explanation
The Portuguese Ambassador explained in great detail the chaotic situation in the Ruvuma region...
Who knew Africa was so complicated? No matter, demand they step down immediately!
Foreign Office Declares the Matter Resolved
The Portuguese have been forced to step down by the Berlin government. Looks like it was the right call to talk to them.
Heil, Kaiser, Dir!
We Must Back Down
Having engaged with the German government about the issue, we have no choice but to follow their request and stand down with our attacks.
We will not forget this.
Mittelafrika Threatens Our Colonies
The Germans in Dar-es-Salaam have noticed our support of rebels in their territories and are now demanding we crack down on the rebels or 'face consequences'. What should we do?
Excellent, perhaps we can avenge 1918!
We have no choice. Disarm the Ruga-Ruga, by force if needed.
Portugal Disarms the Rebels!
The Portuguese have disarmed the bandits they have been sending onto our territory at great cost to their own colonial stability. This matter is now truly solved.
Independent action pays off.
Portugal Stands Against Us!
The Portuguese have refused to disarm the bandits they've been sending into our colonies. If we wish to stop this, we will have to take real action against Portugal...
Send in the troops. If they won't or can't clear out the bandits, we will.
The Germans Cross the Border
The Germans have crossed the border into Mozambique to destroy the bandits, completely wrecking our national sovereignty. We must choose what to do.
Repel them!
Stand down.
Portugal Caves In!
The Portuguese have decided not to resist our troops during our raid into Mozambique. We now have military control of Mozambique and must decide our next action.
Only occupation will bring peace.
Burn down the camps and leave.
Mittelafrika Seizes Northern Mozambique
The Mittelafrikans have occupied yet another one of our rightful territories, Northern Mozambique. The colony has been seized by the Mittelafrikan soldiers that entered our territory.
Damn them!
Mittelafrika Burns Down Camps!
The Mittelafrikan raid into our territory has ended. After burning down our bandit camps and slaughtering most of their inhabitants, their troops withdrew back into Mittelafrikan territory.
That is the end of that.
Update on Mittelafrika: Police Officer Shot
Today we learnt that a Makonde tribesman has shot a Mittelafrikan police officer in Lusaka. The city is still in shock, and the perpetrator, along with his supporters, has been detained for investigation by the local police. It appears we are already managing to destabilise the Mittelafrikan government. It should be noted that he used a weapon supplied by us, but we are confident it won't get traced back to us.
Of course it won't be.
Update on Mittelafrika: Military Depot Raided
Another update: earlier today, some 'bandits' raided and stole supplies from a Mittelafrikan military depot and then escaped with the supplies back to their camp in Mozambique. Those 'bandits' were of course supplied and trained by us; they are getting bold and don't even fear the Mittelafrikan Askari anymore! We have heard rumours that the Mittelafrikan government is having a meeting soon to decide what to do about these 'bandits' and the destabilising effect they are having.
This might be trouble...
Defeat in Africa
The Mittelafrikans have defeated our forces in Africa. It may be time to surrender our colonies, for now. Let us see what it is Mittelafrika wants out of this war...
Send an envoy, we surrender.
We shall never surrender!
The Portuguese Reach Out for Peace
We have defeated the Portuguese in Africa, and they have started negotiations to settle for a peace agreement. It is now high time for us to reach out to the authorities in the Fatherland in order to ask them to draft a formal peace agreement.\n\nSome voices, however, are claiming that relying on people back in Germany is a wasted effort when the officers of Mittelafrika know the situation on the ground much better than any bureaucrat in Germany could, and thus are calling for the terms of the peace agreement to be made in Mittelafrika and only then sent for Germany as a fait accompli.
We shall leave the drafting to the authorities that be in Germany.
The agreement will be made in Mittelafrika, and only then sent back home.
Victory in Africa
German colonial forces in Mittelafrika have managed to defeat the Portuguese army and occupy vast amounts of territory of the Portuguese colonies. Now they have decided to try to settle the matter in a peace agreement, which we have been asked to draft.\n\nWhile many in the Colonial Office would like to annex vast swathes of land from the Portuguese and incorporate it into Mittelafrika, others call for restraint, arguing that adding such a large amount of territory to the already faltering Mittelafrikan administration will bring nothing but trouble, and that the main objective of this agreement should be to take the territory needed to secure against any future threats to Mittelafrika, but nothing more.
We shall take only Northern Mozambique, the war's original goal.
We shall take the whole of Mozambique.
We shall establish security zones both in Mozambique and in Angola.
We shall take all of Mozambique and Angola. Clearly, the Portuguese don't deserve them.
Germany Sends a Peace Proposal
The colonial office in Berlin has sent us the terms they have set for the Portuguese. They demand that [GetMAFDemands]\n\nWhile it is expected of us to send the demands over to the Portuguese in their current form, there are still voices clamouring for us to exercise the sovereignty of our administration by making different demands to the Portuguese than those specified by the colonial office.
We shall follow the plans as they were sent to us from the Fatherland.
We shall make our own demands from the Portuguese.
[MAF.GetLeader]'s Peace Agreement
With the defeat of the pathetic Portuguese force at the hands of our mighty army, we have been granted the moral right to exercise our sovereignty in the form of our own demands from the Portuguese - ones drafted in Dar-es-Salaam, and not by pen-pushers in Berlin.\n\nWhile many still beg the Governor to show restraint, most have begun to fear that political ambition has clouded his eyes from seeing what path will lead towards the long-term good of the colony.
Exercise restraint by taking only northern Mozambique.
The whole of Mozambique shall be ours to claim.
We will take for ourselves zones in both Mozambique and Angola.
This is our opportunity! Take all of Angola and Mozambique for the glory of the Governor.
Ignored by Dar-es-Salaam
It appears that the Mittelafrikan administration in Dar-es-Salaam has decided to disobey a direct order from their superiors, and have signed an agreement with the Portuguese on their own, in an apparent effort to show its so-called 'sovereignty'.\n\nAs the peace agreement has been already finalised, it is a fait accompli and thus not in our power to change. However, this does not mean that we cannot respond at all. Some call on us to punish this kind of behaviour before it turns it becomes a real trend, and show our ultimate dominance by applying cuts on essential funds to the colony, while others wish for us to look over this incident, for the good of the already stretched-thin administration.
We must punish this insouciance.
We will overlook this incident... for now.
A Harsh Response from the Fatherland
It appears that our decision to settle with the Portuguese on our own, sovereign, terms, has generated a rather harsh response from the Fatherland, which has decided to temporarily cut vital funding which is needed for the administration to normally function.\n\nIt appears that Berlin is attempting to use economic sanctions to remind us who is truly in charge.
How embarrassing.
The Germans Send Demands
It appears that a return to the status quo ante bellum is not likely, as the Germans seem to have other plans.\n\nThe Germans have used our momentary lapse of strength to try to make the following demands of us: they demand that [GetMAFDemands]\n\nWhile some still think that our army has the chance of defeating the Germans in this war, and as such we should reject such despicable terms, it seems highly unlikely that the Germans will consider a second attempt at an agreement should we fight on and lose to them again in battle.
We have no choice but to accept.
We will fight on until the end!
Portugal Acquiesces
Portugal has begrudgingly agreed to sign our peace agreement, and thus both accept our demands, and destroy any remaining Portuguese threat to our administration.
What a glorious day!
Portugal Refuses!
In a stunning move of sheer Iberian spite, the stubborn Portuguese refuse to accept their defeat, and thus have rejected our offers of peace as 'unreasonable'
A pointless and futile move.
Defeat in Africa
The Portuguese have defeated our forces in Zambesia. Perhaps it is time to offer our surrender, for if we lose any more land it could be disastrous for our colonial stability...
We shall ask Germany to arrange a peace settlement.
We shall never surrender!
The Mittelafrikan Blunder
As the colonial military's situation in Mittelafrika has gone from bad to worse, we have received reports from Dar-es-Salaam that the past defeats against the Portuguese army have made our African possessions unstable, and a continuation of the fight puts the entire colony's existence at stake.\n\nConsequently, we have been asked to mediate and reach an accord with the Portuguese government.\n\nThe Portuguese, on their part, have had their own ideas as to what a settlement to this dispute will include, and they want to use their superior military position in order to force us to cede territories for the creation of the so-called 'Pink Map'. This involves the creation of a territorial connection between the Portuguese colonies of Angola and Mozambique, and thus they demand the transfer of the former British territories of Zambesia and Nyasaland to the Portuguese colonial empire.
We must concede these lands in order to achieve peace.
Who are they to make such demands of us!?
[From.GetName] Refuses Peace
It appears that the foolishness of the authorities in [From.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] cannot be understated, as they have made the naive decision of refusing any form of peace agreement. Clearly, they wish only to fight to the bitter end.
The war goes on.
The Germans Sue for Peace
The German weakling has been defeated by our glorious armies!\n\nFearing the might of our armies, the Germans have agreed to cede to our control the territories that constitute the 'Pink Map' and thus connect our holdings in Mozambique and Angola.
This marks the start of a new Portuguese empire! Hoorah for Portugal!
We will fight until all of Mittelafrika is under our control!
Peace with Portugal
An agreement has been arranged with the Portuguese forces, and in exchange for their claimed territories, they have agreed to a cessation of hostilities, leaving us to our shame.
A severe humiliation
Bush War - German advantage
With these last few months of the war having gone past without an overwhelming victory to either side, our high command have gone worried: they advise us that our forces in Africa could not sustain the war against Portugal for much longer, and with the current situation being in our advantage we should attempt to reach a settlement that will allow an end to the fighting.
Let us make our demands for a settlement for this war.
We shall ask Germany to mediate an end to the conflict.
A limited peace is not an option, we shall fight to a decisive victory!
Our Demands
While we have not achieved a complete and decisive victory, our situation on the ground, as of the moment, is looking significantly better than that of the Portuguese Forces, and thus we could still demand some concessions from them, though not as many as we may have been able to should we have gotten a complete victory in the field.
We shall demand Northern Mozambique.
We need security zones both in Northern Mozambique and in Northern Angola.
The Germans demand an end to the fighting.
With the war between the German forces of Mittelafrika and our army having not resolved in some months, it appears that the Germans are trying to use their current superior position in the field to force an end to the conflict, with them making a demand of a stop to the fighting and the transfer of [GetMAFDemands]\n\nWhile our army still has some ability to fight the German forces, many of our top officers are advising that it might be better to accept these conditions now, humiliating as they may be, than being forced to accept even more humiliating conditions following a complete military loss.
We accept the demands, harsh as they may be.
Such a humiliating peace is not an option, we fight on!
Bush War - Portuguese advantage
With these last few months of the war having gone past without an overwhelming victory to either side, but the general situation seeming in our advantage, some have advised us that it might be better to reach for a favourable settlement with the Germans now, than face a potential defeat in the field which could rob us of any gains our army have secured.\n\nAs such, it has been suggested to demand of the Germans to transfer to our control the areas of Nyasaland, and the areas east of the Luangwa River, as a buffer zone to protect the new territory in our control from any attack by the dastardly Germans.
Make the demand.
A limited peace is not an option!
The Portuguese demand an end to the fighting.
With the Portuguese forces in better current position than our own, and the war not seeming close to a decisive conclusion, they have deemed it fit to send us their demands, which include the transfer of the former British territories of Nyasaland and the land east of the Luangwa River.\n\nWhile many still have hope that a reversal of the war situation might happen, and we will come out victorious, many others implore us to consider the offer, due to the fear that the continuation of the war could have disastrous consequences on the entire colonial administration.
We have no other choice, accept the demand.
We shall ask the German government to consider the matter.
We Germans bow to nobody, we fight on!
An End to the Fighting.
It appears that the [From.GetAdjective] have seen through their usual foolishness and agreed to our proposal for a peace settlement, let us hope they will not turn back on their word.
A smart choice.
[From.GetName] Refuses a Limited Peace
It appears that the usual foolishness of the [From.GetAdjective] has gotten the better of them, with our reasonable demands for an end to the fighting in Africa, having been ignored completely, it appears that they are not willing to negotiate, at least not at this time.
A very foolhardy move.
A Ceasefire in Africa?
With the war in Africa having no end in sight, and with no side with any seeming advantage in the field, talks have begun for a ceasefire agreement, which will follow a status quo ante bellum ante.
An end to this war would be for our benefit.
We will fight on!
Born after the absorption of French and Belgian colonies, the Colonial Federation of Mittelafrika spans a massive swath of land, composed of Cities, Chiefdoms, Kingdoms, Farmlands, Jungles, Savannahs, Deserts and more; for it covers half of the Dark Continent. A complex web weave of treaties, agreements and tacit understandings, the Colony, while stable, is remarkably unprofitable; something that the man in charge, Karl Ritter, and his men, wish to change, no matter the cost. But could that cost be too great for Mittelafrika to pay? And will the Kaiser allow Ritter to take such a risk?
GFX_MAF_intro
In the Heart of Africa
Born after the absorption of French and Belgian colonies, Mittelafrika is a massive swath of land, composed of cities, chiefdoms, kingdoms, farmlands, jungles, savannah, deserts and more; for it covers half of the Dark Continent. A complex web of treaties, agreements and tacit understandings, the colony, while stable, is remarkably unprofitable; a reality that the Colonial Office has reluctantly come to accept.\n\nThe current Governor, Karl Ritter, arrived in a Mittelafrika that had for many years been subject to the whims of the various military cliques that had formed in the aftermath of the 1919 and 1925 pacification campaigns, and while he initially hoped to break this status quo, he found that although he was legally in charge, the German army's tradition of 'independent action' did not make it particularly amenable to being told what to do. By 1936, he has largely abandoned these efforts, taking comfort in the fact that at least in Africa, things rarely change... or do they?
§MRKA (Hardliner) - Karl Ritter§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Kenyatta Affair, have the administration be found not liable by throwing everything at them.\n£white_dot A year and a half later, in the Black Dossier event, conduct a formal investigation.\n£white_dot In the corruption investigation event, quash the investigation.\n£white_dot When a warrant is issued for Ritter's arrest, choose \
Anniversary of Mahiwa
Today is the anniversary of the Battle of Mahiwa, the most decisive battle of the East Africa Campaign. In the battle, the King's African Rifles were encircled and surrendered by the armies of Paul von Lettow-Vorbeck from the south and east, and Kurt Wahle from the north and west. The British lost nearly 4,000 men in the operation, to a loss of less than 200 German Askari.\n\nThe battle paved the way for our invasion and conquest of Mozambique in 1918. Since 1922, it has been a state holiday in Mittelafrika. It has been celebrated throughout the colony, but especially in Dar-es-Salaam, with parades and military drills, as it reminds every citizen and subject of our need and capacity for military excellence.
Heia Safari!
Death of Bernhard Dernburg
Sad news arrived from Berlin today. Bernhard Dernburg, former head of the Imperial Colonial Office, has died. Bernhard served for only three years, from 1907 to 1910, but he had an enormous influence on the development of the colony of German East Africa, which would eventually form the core of Mittelafrika. It was his reforms that firmly established the first fully secular education system on the African continent, a legacy we have tried, with difficulty, to spread throughout Mittelafrika. A small ceremony was held in Dar-es-Salaam in his honour, with a street being renamed Bernhard Dernburg-Straße.
Governor [MAF.GetLeader] will speak of his triumphs.
Rudolf Asmis will speak of his expertise and caution.
This is no time for politics. A tasteful memorial must be held.
Auf den Marmorklippen, A Book by Ernst Jünger
Ernst Jünger, one of our accomplished generals, is also a successful author. Today his newest book came out in the homeland: Auf den Marmorklippen, on the Marble Cliffs. It's a novel full of sometimes obscure symbolism, magic and the inner, hidden workings of life itself. Set in a fantasy world, the rich, art-loving civilisation of Marina is living in peace next to the martial nomads of the steppes. Two brothers are the protagonists of the story who try to stop the Oberförster, the Chief Ranger, from slowly overtaking the beautiful town of Marina. More and more nomads are listening to the Oberförster, who acts jovial it first, but soon proves to be a cold, power-hungry murderer. The people of Marina are stopping to listen to their poets, their values and spirit decay. When the two brothers find a cabin in the woods where the Oberförster's henchmen murder their victims, they try to rise up against the villain, but to no avail. Only their magic allows them to escape. They have to set fire to their house on the cliffs of marble and their life's work watching the city of Marina burn on the horizon, returning to a state of fatalism. The book has gained mixed reviews. While some praise it for its elaborate aesthetics and the insight in the way the world works, some readers more interested in the political implications of the Marmorklippen are wondering if it is supposed to be Ernst Jünger's commentary on the harsh reality of Mittelafrikan politics. Jünger himself didn't comment on it, but his brother Friedrich Georg, a poet, said that \
This one I will buy.
The Collapse of Mittelafrika
The End of the German Government-in-Exile
Disturbing reports are emerging out of the various parts of Africa that are under German rule; it seems that the German administration has collapsed entirely! It is unclear why, or how, but the administration, usually regarded as efficient abroad, and known for its lavish expending, is no more. As the central government no longer can act, conflict sparks across the continent as the various Kingdoms, Tribes and Protectorates that comprised it now fight amongst themselves over new claims and ancient grudges, and cliques of Askari and German colonial officers attempt to keep a semblance of normality.\nWhether this state of affairs is passing, or a dark age of violence is truly beginning in Africa, it is uncertain. However, its safe to say that the German colonial empire has crumbled.
It seems that German lordship over Africa was far more fragile than we thought...
A complete disaster!
The Huns had it coming.
The people of Africa long for freedom from imperialism!
The Mozambique Bush War
Though there are some that believe that old fashioned colonial wars are a relic of the pre-Weltkrieg era, recent events in Africa have shown that Man's thirst for battle on the dark continent is not in any immediate danger of abating.\n\nGrowing tensions between German Mittelafrika and the Portuguese colonies have degenerated in recent months from somewhat farcical disputes involving little more than cattle raiding into open conflict in Mozambique and Angola, with colonial troops and their white officers on both sides waging fruitless guerrilla war that is sure to cost many lives.
If they think it's worth it...
Sovereignists Dominate Mittelafrika
The press pack in Berlin has been abuzz with reports about sweeping political changes taking place within the traditionally secretive Mittelafrikan colonial administration. Despite the colony's Governor [MAF.GetLeader] having undergone a bruising legal battle in the German courts, it appears that his political survival has greatly emboldened the so-called \
A strange state of affairs.
Mittelafrika Restored
When the German colony of Mittelafrika collapsed, the world thought that German rule over the dark continent was gone forever. What remained of the former colonial administration had retreated to Namibia, shocked, disgraced, and disorganised. It seems that this was not meant to be, however. Under the leadership of [NMB.GetLeader], the Germans launched a series of campaigns from Windhoek, determined to see the imperial banner fly once more from Zanzibar to the Gold Coast. These plans have finally come to fruition as German forces now control all of what was once Mittelafrika, declaring that proper administration has been restored. Against all odds, colonialism has prevailed.
How wonderful!
Africa in chains once more...
The Kaiser is back.
The Mau Mau War
News from the German colony of [MAF.GetNameDef] is typically described as uneventful and positive, colonial administrators painting a picture of the project as a powerful expression of German might. This colony's very existence now seems to be in jeopardy, however, as what German authorities previously described as a small-scale, dying conflict has violently erupted into war.\n\nIn Kenya, a coalition of several different ethnicities have banded together in an insurgency to expel European settlers from the land. In response, [MAF.GetLeader], the head of the colony, has sworn to \
We will crush those savages with ease.
We should have never let Ritter in charge of Mittelafrika in the first place.
It was just a matter of time before the people of Africa would break their chains.
This proves that the Boches have never been able to manage their colonies properly.
Bollocks, another native revolt in Africa?
The Flight of [MAF.GetLeader]
DARESSALAM. Early at dawn, a lone plane has performed an unscheduled takeoff. While the administrative capital of German Africa has become somewhat of an aviation hotspot, the lack of proper clearance for this flight plus the timing of the event made sure to raise some alarm over it.\n\nThe true significance of the incident, however, only came to light when the working day began at the headquarters of the German administration. Neither the Governor nor the monetary reserves of the government were to be found. The leading theory is that the Governor himself has misappropriated the funds before deserting his post. It remains to be seen what this means for German colonial governance in the region.
Who would have thought that pigs could fly after all?
He did WHAT?
The Kenyatta Affair
A rather unique case has been sluggishly passed throughout our legal system for years. Now, it has reached the highest court in the German State. Anti-colonial activist Jomo Kenyatta has brought a class-action lawsuit against the former Mittelafrikan Administration for its conduct during the 1925 Pacification of Kenya. The case has become something of a political embarrassment: as some of the plaintiffs are British settlers, it cannot be easily dismissed. They claim that the Schutztruppe harmed them through policies of illegal land seizures, and even abductions and torture, all done with the knowledge of the Mittelafrikan administration and with little legal basis.\n\nWhile the main parties involved are no longer part of our administration, commentators have noted that an award by the court could potentially set a precedent as to what the permissible extent of... 'rule-bending' by our colonial administrations is.
We have nothing to fear.
... but throw everything we have at them, just in case!
A Verdict
Years of legal battle have come to an end earlier today when the litigation of Jomo Kenyatta ended at the highest court of Germany. The Kikuyu lawyer has skilfully defended his points, and the court has conceded: several individuals have been found liable for 'extralegal' actions taken during the 1925 Pacification of Kenya. The damages are by no means ruinous to anyone involved, but the ruling has opened the door to theoretically limitless cases.\n\nWe will surely feel the repercussions of this decision in regard to our continuing colonial governance.
We will do right by them.
I don't see how this could possibly affect us.
A Verdict
Years of legal battle have come to an end earlier today when the litigation of Jomo Kenyatta ended at the highest court of Germany. While the Kikuyu lawyer has skilfully defended his points, the defence was represented by renowned political theorist Carl Schmitt. The jurist produced a novel defence that has established a new legal precedent: the Schutztruppe command has, allegedly, acted in the interest of the state by taking the necessary steps to ensure the integrity of our Empire in a state of exception.\n\nThe finer details of Schmitt's case were largely based on his essay on Political Theology, which gave birth to the phrase 'Sovereign is he who decides on the exception'. Whether Schmitt intended this or not, the phrase has become a catchphrase for the supporters of a more hardline approach to colonial governance.
What is this nonsense?
Ausnahmezustand haben wir alle mal, nicht wahr?
Georg von Kraut Implicated in Trial
A rather unpleasant side effect of the trial only came to light in its aftermath: while most of those named as responsible for the 'extralegal' actions taken during the Pacification of Kenya have since retired or been transferred to other far-flung corners of our German Empire, one of those involved was our still-active Field Marshal Georg von Kraut. The man is a veteran of the Weltkrieg and has proudly served the Mittelafrikan administration ever since, ending up in an informal leadership position from his command post in Tabora, East Africa.\n\nThis does not make the question any easier. Some very persistent critics of the administration have argued that von Kraut should be removed from his post altogether, but that is likely to provoke an equivalent response from the other corner of the debate; von Kraut is, after all, still a widely respected war hero. He is getting on in years and it should be possible to shield him from the consequences of his actions at least until he retires.
Protect him from these charges.
Demote him and sweep it under the carpet.
Ask him to resign.
Promoting a Replacement: Ernst Jünger
With the removal of Georg von Kraut, the Schutztruppe has lost an important leader, and the position must be filled with someone of equal promise. The problem with the logical next choice, Ernst Jünger, is that he has made quite a few enemies within the German High Command in the '20s with some very radical and unorthodox essays on the nature of warfare. This is what got him transferred to Mittelafrika in the first place. It could well be that if we decide to promote him, the friction between him and the High Command could hamper the defence of Mittelafrika in the future.
Consequences be damned, we need leadership!
We cannot risk it.
Ernst Jünger to Be Transferred
It seems that Ernst Jünger has got wind that he is not to be promoted to a leading position within the Mittelafrikan Schutztruppe due to his past disagreements with the German High Command. Not wishing to suffer any insult to his pride - and probably with an eye to his future career - he has therefore decided to ask to be transferred from Mittelafrika to German East Asia.
A pity it had to end like this.
Welcome aboard!
The Black Dossier
A group of anonymous officers and administrators in Mittelafrika have compiled documentation and evidence of illegal activity by Governor [MAF.GetLeader] and presented it to the Cabinet. The evidence, if proven true, is very serious. According to what the dossier alleges, the governor has been diverting funds from the state budget to buy off key figures in German High Society in order to secure support for his administration, as well as demanding state officials pay into a slush fund. Even more darkly, it alleges with less evidence that [MAF.GetLeader] and his loyalists gather information for blackmail against his own employees, have been involved in the kidnapping and intimidation of journalists, and even hiring assassins!
A formal investigation must be conducted immediately!
This implicates some powerful men in Berlin, quietly bury it.
The Corruption Investigation
It has come to our attention that Berlin has begun investigating... certain 'financial irregularities'. It is not hard to imagine who is behind this: they would have to have access to the highest level of financial planning in the Administration, likely the old-established men who fought under von Lettow-Vorbeck, and who have resisted every change of this administration!
Quash this investigation.
Contain [MAF.GetLeader], and quietly change administration.
The Kaiser's Warrant
Seeing [MAF.GetLeader] fiercely resist any attempt at an official investigation, the German government has seen it fit to issue an arrest warrant for the Governor on the grounds of obstruction of justice.
The Sovereign is he who decides on the exception.
Fetch me a ship, I shall fight this battle in court!
The Sovereign Governor
[MAF.GetLeader] has refused to step down. Through his intermediary Carl Schmitt, he has argued that the Governor's is a sovereign office, able to step outside the law, and secure with loyal members of his army, we have no easy means of resolving the crisis. Having won the Kenyatta Affair, Schmitt argues that this situation takes precedent from the affair, and therefore should be subject to the same ruling. Our options now are difficult. While the Bundesrat would politically never stand for anything other than Ritter's removal and arrest, what friendly sources we still have in Daressalem tell us that Ritter is mad with power, and that he will sink the ship rather than abandon it if we try to end his ill-begotten reign.
Issue a new warrant for [MAF.GetLeader]'s arrest, for treason!
[MAF.GetLeader] has legal precedent, step down for now.
The German Response
The German government has declared [MAF.GetLeader]'s administration finished, but he still holds the reins for now. He has ridden the tiger of this crisis this far, and now he cannot get off. Everywhere, the chain of command breaks down.
Gott, hilf uns!
The Black Dossier
Not satisfied with the Cabinet's decision, the discontented officers of Africa have leaked their evidence and allegations to the press. While we are pushing back against the more wild, and baseless speculation, it's clear to the public an investigation is necessary.
Damn! It was worth a try!
Friends in Berlin
It seems that some of our disgruntled administrators have made an appeal directly to the German Cabinet, trying to go over [MAF.GetLeader]'s head to have him removed. Fortunately, our friends in Berlin have ensured the cabinet will take no action, for now.
Traitors in our midst, but friends in Berlin.
The Muckrakers
While our friends in the government dismissed the accusations presented to it, it was leaked to the press. The honour of the Governor has been impinged, and this has given strength to the numerous journalists scuttling about Africa hoping to be the 'next E.D. Morel'.
Damn them all!
A New Governor
With [MAF.GetLeader] gone, we must appoint a new Governor. While he is disgraced, there is still hope that whoever remains of his administration can bring order to the colony. Or perhaps someone with more experience would be best in these turbulent times.
Keep Fritz Kolbe, he's already there.
Rudolf Asmis, the famous and experienced administrator, will restore order!
A New Governor
The Kaiser has appointed Fritz Kolbe as our new Governor. $MAF_fritz_kolbe_desc_body$
The Kaiser has appointed Dr Rudolf Asmis as our new Governor. $MAF_rudolf_asmis_desc_body$
All hail the New Governor!
The Fall of Karl Ritter
The latest administrative failure of Governor Karl Ritter was the straw that broke the camel's back, as continuous blunders and miscalculations have left him more isolated than ever. With many wishing for his downfall, an angry telegram from Berlin ordering Ritter's removal found echo with many DKA functionaries who had grown to resent Ritter's reckless methods.\n\nDespite putting up fierce resistance, Ritter had alienated too many of his supporters for anyone to throw him a lifeline, and was promptly arrested on charges of treason.\n\nActing immediately, [MAF.GetLeader] took over the Governorship. A much more palatable choice to the administration at large, he promised to restore order swiftly.
The latest administrative failure of Governor Karl Ritter was the straw that broke the camel's back, as continuous blunders and miscalculations have left him more isolated than ever. With this in mind, disgruntled Schutztruppe officers launched a coup against the Governor, and promptly arrested him on charges of treason.\n\nAs the main organiser of the coup, General [MAF.GetLeader] assured the German Cabinet that he would restore order in the DKAB and root out Ritter loyalists as the new acting Governor, something Berlin has reluctantly agreed to.
Retaliation for the Black Dossier
Our administration has maintained its now sovereign rule only by the skin of its teeth. The corruption inquiry could have seen [MAF.GetLeader] and many of our senior officials spend the rest of their lives in jail. We now have the opportunity to return the favour. While an official retaliation would be difficult, we can use our growing criminal network, the 'Lion Society', to seek retaliation against these conspirators and reinforce our rule of Mittelafrika.
Vengeance is mine!
Turn the other cheek.
Our First Target
Our first suspect for the Black Dossier is Georg von Kraut, once one of von Lettow-Vorbeck's most trusted officers. He is well respected for this reason and likely gave his blessing to the project. He is already quite old, and perhaps it will be easier and less suspicious to induce his retirement than to kill him. We can produce a 'black dossier' of our own, and blackmail him into retirement. The allegations may not be true, but the old man won't want to fight them at this point.
He should have retired years ago...
The Hunting Accident
Our next target in retaliation for the Black Dossier investigation is Ludwig Bockholt, who has frequently butted heads with [MAF.GetLeader] over the priorities of the air force, as well as more personal matters. Since settling in Africa, Bockholt has become an avid big game hunter. One of our men was on his latest hunting expedition, and arranged for a 'hunting accident'. He swears that he thought Bockholt was a gazelle when he shot him, and the courts shall rule in his favour.
Another one bites the dust.
The Death of Rudolf Asmis
The next target of our retaliation for the Black Dossier is Rudolf Asmis, a diplomat with the Foreign Office, who ensured the Foreign Minister saw the accusing evidence and presented it to the cabinet. He is out of our reach often, but travels a great deal between Berlin and Dar-es-Salaam. A bit of sabotage has ensured that his aircraft crashed en route to his latest diplomatic assignment.
Another one down, we are almost there...
The Final Target
We have long known that the officer behind the 'black dossier' must have been someone in the highest reaches of our administration. The source of the leak is even more embarrassing than expected, as it turned out to be the governor's own trusted right-hand man, Fritz Kolbe. Rather than an ambitious conspirator, he appears to have been motivated by a genuine crisis of conscience.
Auch du, mein Sohn?
Canned Fruit from Mittelafrika
Thanks to the initiative of [MAF.GetLeader], Mittelafrika is now producing tropical fruits, mostly canned, in such significant quantities that they are appearing on German store shelves. While this does not really challenge our local produce, it does mean that we are no longer entirely dependent on imports from the New World, and that alone makes for good propaganda.
And you say the pineapple goes on the toast?
Farmers Resist Our Policy
Our policy of encouraging the cultivation of cheap staples for export to Germany at below-market prices has created unrest with both native farmers and white planters, giving them a rare common cause against our administration.
Send in the Schutztruppe!
Weapons Manufacture in Mittelafrika
Under the auspices of [MAF.GetLeader] and his Four Year Plan, Mittelafrika has made progress in light industrialisation using the great labour force of Africa for the production of simple rifles. While these weapons are crude, and certainly not fit for use in German hands, this means that several shipments of weapons once destined for Africa are no longer needed there.
You can never have enough guns!
Resistance in the Factories
Workers in our new factories are discontent, complaining about long hours, poor safety standards, stolen wages, and violence against workers who speak out. It is becoming a problem in the urban centres, and some fear it may lead to the spread of syndicalism. Fortunately, for now, the workers remain disorganised.
And violence will keep them that way.
Mutara III Visits Göttingen University
Prince Karl Mutara III of Rudahigwa has returned from a tour of the University of Göttingen in Hanover. He was shown our latest discoveries in physics, spoke with the Professors of African Languages, and was shown the University Library. It all made a strong impression on him, and he has urged his people to adopt the natural sciences of Europe and provided for the creation of a library in Kigali.
A model to his people.
Sultan Khalifa II Visits Singapore
Sultan Khalifa II bin Harub Al-Busaidi has returned from a tour of the fortifications and harbours of Singapore. He spoke at length with his attaché for the tour, Captain Otto Schniewind. At the end of the tour, the two issued a report to the Admiralty comparing the similar situations of Singapore and Zanzibar, calling it the 'Singapore of Africa'. The islands of Zanzibar control access to our capital city of Dar-es-Salaam and to the Mozambique Channel. Despite their strategic location, the islands are underdeveloped compared to their counterparts in Europe and Asia. In response to the report, the Admiralty has funded naval fortifications in Zanzibar and improvements to the harbour to serve as a primary base for the Kaiserliche Marine in the event of a war in the Indian Ocean.
And with almost no cost to ourselves!
King Pedro VII Visits Cologne Cathedral
King Pedro VII Afonso of Kongo has returned from a tour of Germany and Europe, where he attended mass in Cologne Cathedral, as well as St. Peter's in Rome. The result has been a renewed interest in Catholic missionary efforts in the Kongo, especially from the German and Italian states. There have already been mass conversions of entire villages. To make matters worse, the Portuguese have lodged a diplomatic complaint about our treatment of the exiled king.
I thought they liked it when Africans were good Catholics?
The Skull of Chief Mkwawa
During a royal tour of Germany, the young Chief Adam Sapi of the Wahehe people lodged an awkward request. During our subjugation of East Africa, their tribal leader Chief Mkwavinyika Munyigumba Mwamuyinga conducted a campaign of military resistance against our rule for 8 long years. After his death, his head was cut off and sent by Commander Tom von Prince to the Bremen Anthropological Museum. As part of his tour, Chief Sapi requested to visit the museum and see the skull. He asks that it be returned with him to Iringa. The Wahehe have superstitions about the disposal of remains, and wish to give his skull an honourable burial.
What's a skull to good relations?
It is the principle of the thing! It is a prize of war!
Germany Returns the Skull of Chief Mkwawa
In a ceremony today in Kalenga, with a festive spirit, the Governor of Ostafrika returned the skull of Chief Mkwawa to the current Chief Adam Sapi of the Wahehe. Mkwawa was a fierce rebel during the early part of our rule of Africa. It took years to surround him, at which point he committed suicide to avoid capture. His skull was removed, and sent by Commander Tom von Prince to the Bremen Anthropological Museum. It has now been returned, as a sign of goodwill, to ensure the friendliness and cooperation of the Wahehe people.
Let us bury the past together.
Germany Refuses to Return the Skull of Chief Mkwawa
We've encountered a bit of a diplomatic faux pas. During one of his sponsored royal tours, Chief Adam Sapi of the Wahehe requested the return of his predecessor's skull, currently kept in the Bremen Anthropological Museum. The skull belongs to Chief Mkwawa, who was a rebel against German rule and beheaded by Commander Tom von Prince, who sent the skull to the museum's collection. The Wahehe are very respectful of their ancestors and believe that with the skull in such a disrespectful state, it is certain to anger the spirits. Unfortunately, the German government has refused the return of the skull as a matter of principle, creating discontent even beyond the Wahehe tribe.
Berlin is always making trouble!
The Kabaka of Buganda Visits the Prussian Military Academy.
The young Kabaka of Buganda, Eduard Friedrich Mutesa II, has just completed a tour of the Kriegsakademie in Prussia. Like all young men, he has a natural enthusiasm for all things martial, and the German Army is the finest in the world. Young Friedrich has decided to study at the Kriegsakademie and encouraged promising young men in Buganda and Uganda to do the same.
Gott mit uns!
The Collapse of Mittelafrika
Because of the mismanagement of Mittelafrika, the chain of command has broken down throughout the continent. Warlords and local rulers now hold more power in most areas than the German administration. The complex network of alliances that once made up Mittelafrika has been thrown into chaos, as the entire continent heads to war. The capital of Daressalam has been seized by loyalist Askari to prevent it from falling to non-loyalist elements, while in Südwestafrika, the local German forces are holding on. Where shall we escape to?
What is still keeping us here?\nWe're marching South-West!
Let's go for something different this time!
To Katanga, where our allies are still holding on.
Completion of the Cape to Cairo Railway
The Germans have completed the Cape to Cairo railroad that the British attempted to complete before the Weltkrieg. While we are sure they did this for their own selfish reasons, this will nevertheless give us an advantage in trade with the rest of Africa.
British dreams stolen by Germany...
Completion of the Cape to Cairo Railway
The Germans have completed the Cape to Cairo railroad that the British attempted to complete before the Weltkrieg. While we are sure they did this for their own selfish reasons, this will nevertheless give us an advantage in trade with the rest of Africa. They have even sent manpower over to us to build the section inside our borders, improving our own infrastructure at no cost to us.
How generous of them!
Connection of the Cape to Cairo Railway to Ethiopia
The Germans have added another section to the Cape to Cairo railroad, connecting Ethiopia to the rest of Africa. While we are sure they did this for their own selfish reasons, this will nevertheless give us an advantage in trade with the rest of Africa. They have even sent manpower over to us to build the section inside our borders, improving our own infrastructure at no cost to us.
A doorway to the rest of Africa.
Connection of the Cape to Cairo Railway to Ethiopia
The Germans have added another section to the Cape to Cairo railroad, connecting Ethiopia to the rest of Africa. While we won't see much in the way of trade benefits, they have sent manpower over to us to build the section inside our borders, improving our own infrastructure at no cost to us.
These Germans are rather generous, aren't they?
African Investments!
While we lost our African holdings in the Weltkrieg, we still operate a large, informal economic empire in Germany's African territories. Profits from the mining, rubber, and ivory trade strengthen the economy of our small yet great country.
Profitable!
Mittelafrika Blocks Our Investments!
It's no secret that the German authorities in Africa have been hostile to our interests on the continent, constantly hindering our efforts to protect our economic sphere in the region, particularly in our former colony, the Congo. However, they have taken an unprecedented and unexpected course of action recently: they have directly seized our African assets, dealing a mortal blow to our involvement on the dark continent.
Mittelafrika Collapses
Today, we have received news from the dark continent: Mittelafrika, the administrative amalgamation of German colonies in Africa, has collapsed into anarchy. As petty warlords and tribal kings fight for influence on the former imperial lands, one thing is certain: our investments have swiftly disappeared, and our interests in Africa have been dealt a mortal blow.
Damn it!
A Sovereign State
Now that [MAF.GetLeader] has extricated himself from the web of intrigue so intent on destroying his administration, the Colonial Office now stands united behind the Governor. Or so he believes. Citing Carl Schmitt, he argues that Mittelafrika should be a sovereign state ruled supremely by its Governor.
An interesting development.
Peace With [TZN.GetNameDef]?
We have been thrown off the mainland! While we may be safe here, our odds of retaking the land which is rightfully ours are small; maybe a peace offering would be a smart idea...
Offer peace.
We shall fight on!
Zanzibar Offers Peace
Zanzibar has come to us offering a peace deal; we shall keep their territory on the mainland in return for an end to the fighting. What do we say?
A good deal that is.
No deal!
[TZN.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
[TZN.GetNameDefCap] has refused our peace offer; the war will go on.
That is a shame...
Germany Accepts [MAF.GetLeader]... Just
Germany has begrudgingly accepted to drop the matter for now. Likely they thought it was not worth the trouble; nevertheless, many in our government are not happy and we have made enemies in Berlin this day. Still, we remain in power.
Of course we are!
The Governor's Proclamation
This evening, [MAF.GetLeader] addressed the entirety of Mittelafrika in a broadcast speech through the radio, copies of which are quickly finding their way throughout the entire continent. What began as a formal, typical address quickly took on a different tone, as the Governor abruptly began to denounce the 'damaging particularist elements' on the continent, as well as the continued 'interference' of the political establishment in Berlin. The speech ended with a vow to put an end to both by any means necessary.\n\nWhat seems to have followed the announcement was a clandestine purge of the colony's political apparatus. Political correspondents on the ground liken the current situation to a self-coup and are eager to see how Berlin reacts to the proclamation and its aftermath.
It's time to instil some order, whether they like it or not!
Has he finally gone mad?
We cannot deal with this right now.
Afrika Goes Quiet
Something is wrong. Very wrong. We're no longer hearing back from border garrisons. Supply convoys are being raided at an alarming rate. Many native elements of our troops are deserting, and we still haven't heard a thing from the dependencies. The atmosphere is tense like it never has been before.
This doesn't look good...
Peace in Africa?
Somehow, [MAF.GetLeader]'s insane scheme has worked. Against all odds, the Askari of the Mittelafrikan government have crushed the rebels and enforced a harsh peace upon the colony. The damage from the chaos is severe, but the position of the Sovereign Governor has never been stronger.
Was there ever any doubt in [MAF.GetLeader]'s leadership?
African Colonies Reclaimed
Following the dramatic and total collapse of Mittelafrika, we have brought our former African colonies back into our nation. While we never got official permission to do this, the Mittelafrikan government was hardly in a position to contest it. In fact, such is the chaos, we haven't received any official complaints of any kind. This is nothing but sweet justice for the theft that removed them from us in the first place.
Justice is served!
[transferred_state.GetName] Is Ours
Following the dramatic and total collapse of Mittelafrika, we have brought [transferred_state.GetName] back into our nation. While we never got official permission to do this, the German colonial government was hardly in a position to contest it. In fact, such is the chaos, we haven't received any official complaints of any kind.
Wonderful!
Black Monday!
A massive breakdown occurred yesterday on the Berlin stock exchange. The German economy is in tatters and our economy is sure to follow. We need to cut a lot of our spending and look for ways to fix our economy immediately. It could take many years to recover from this...
Disastrous!
The 1937 Budget
As we enter 1937, we face a difficult choice. Our economy wasn't strong to begin with, and the recession wiped out what manufacturing potential we had for most of last year. Going forward, we'll have to decide whether to focus on military production or divert our limited resources to repairing the civilian economy instead.
Focus on military buildup.
A long-term investment makes more sense here.
The 1938 Budget
It has been two years since Black Monday and yet the effects of the recession are still being felt. The economy is slowly getting back on track, but we're in the same situation as before. Should we focus on military or civilian issues in this year's budget?
Germany needs our army!
Put more resources into improving our infrastructure.
The 1939 Budget
The lost growth of the last three years of depression may never be recovered, but for the present we're in a more stable position. Our economy - what's left of it, at least - now seems to be working at full capacity.
No compromises in production! We have a lot of lost time to make up.
The 1940 Budget
Some say war is good for business, others say it is bad - but what cannot be disputed is that our economy is doing well! There's no denying that business is booming, and the 1940 Budget will provide resources and funding for years to come!
Let's make Germany proud!
Founded in the early 20th century, the Deutsche Kaiserliche Abessinien Eisenbahn (DKAEB) is a holding company that oversees the railway between Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and Djibouti. After a series of German-backed expansions, the line is now used to transport ore from the Congo Basin to Djibouti. The current economic downturn means that ore is not being bought at the same rate as before, resulting in fewer transports for the DKAEB.\n\n
DKAEB on the Verge of Bankruptcy
$DKAEB_intro$As a result, the DKAEB is struggling financially and some board members have approached the government in Daressalam to sell their shares to the German government.
We shall inform Berlin of this at once.
DKAEB on the Verge of Bankruptcy
$DKAEB_intro$As a result, the DKAEB is struggling financially and some board members have approached the government in Daressalam to sell their shares to the German government.\n\nSomething has to be done to prevent Ethiopia from slipping out of our grasp.
Prop up the company.
Sell the government shares to Ethiopia.
Isn't Mittelafrika responsible for Mittelafrikan affairs?
The Colonial Office Comes to a Decision
The Colonial Office in Berlin has complied with our request for a decision, and they have decided to buy the shares being offered. They believe it is crucial to keep the railways running if we wish to maintain our links with Ethiopia, and tell us the rail line will eventually be profitable in the long run.
So be it then.
The Colonial Office Comes to a Decision
The Colonial Office in Berlin has complied with our request for a decision, and they have decided to sell the shares being offered to Ethiopia. They claim that we will be too overstretched if we attempt to keep the railroad afloat, and find Ethiopia an unsatisfactory ally to retain.
So be it then.
The Colonial Office Refuses to Engage
It seems that nobody in Berlin wanted to take responsibility for making a decision on buying the DKAEB shares. They have kicked the problem back to us, telling us they trust Governor [MAF.GetLeader]'s judgement in this matter. If we were to keep control of the railroad, we would likely have to spend resources and time keeping it afloat that we could otherwise spend on improving our economic situation, but if we did nothing we would lose the Ethiopians as a possible ally.
We will take control of the railroad.
We will cut state support for the DKAEB.
The DKAEB Railroad Reports Profits
The end of the third quarter was not generally good for Mittelafrika - the lack of any economic remedies to the ongoing recession is hitting the colony as a whole hard. However, the DKAEB has reported that the volume of military and trade cars being charged by their railroad has gone up since the first quarter, and it seems that investors are confident in the railroad once again. Governor [MAF.GetLeader]'s plan has paid off.
Our export link is secure.
The DKAEB Railroad Goes Bankrupt!
The end of the third economic quarter has come and gone, but the Deutsche Kaiserliche Abessinien Eisenbahn has not continued with it. We have mismanaged the project to save it, although the Ethiopians appear to have cooperated, and we now have no choice but to sell our shares to the Ethiopian government. Governor [MAF.GetLeader]'s reputation has suffered accordingly - it seems increasingly unlikely he will be able to make Mittelafrika profitable without resorting to drastic measures.
The Ethiopians can have the tracks now!
The DKAEB Stays Afloat
There was a rare spot of good news today in the terrible year of 1936 - the DKAEB railroad in East Africa has reported profits for the third quarter. It seems the Ethiopians and Mittelafrikan government have cooperated to keep the trading link open. Our relationship with Ethiopia seems to be secure and might deepen to an alliance eventually.
Good news.
The DKAEB Goes Bankrupt
The Mittelafrikan administration has failed yet again, as the East African DKAEB has gone under. This has ostracised our Ethiopian ally while wasting precious German resources on saving the railway. We placed some trust in Governor [MAF.GetLeader] for this operation - something we shall never do again.
Incompetent fools!
A Return to Europe
Our soldiers line the streets of [MAF_GetGermanCapital], cheering wildly as the leaders of Germany step off their newly-arrived ships onto European soil once more. We are exiles no longer.
A wonderful day!
A Complaint from Nairobi
In an unexpected turn of events, the Legislative Council of Kenya has lodged a complaint with the Governor's Office about our 'unjust' shielding of von Kraut, demanding that we either sack von Kraut or pay a hefty settlement directly from the state coffers. Some reaction was to be expected as some of the plaintiffs represented by Kenyatta were British citizens, but for one of the Protectorates to actually dare to take action against Germany is unprecedented and likely a bluff.
Shall we have a chat?
This will blow over.
Kenya's Demands
After a thorough discussion of the problem at hand, and why the dismissal of von Kraut was politically unfeasible - to which the head of the Kenyan delegation, the emblematic Ewart Scott Grogan, seemed very sympathetic - alternative means of settling the matter were discussed at length over tea (why the British are so fond of this plonk remains to be seen). The meeting ended on a reasonably amicable note, given the circumstances, but the Kenyan delegation remained firm in their demand for compensation.
We will pay.
What a waste of time.
Standoff at Taveta
Following our outright dismissal of their concerns, it appears that Kenya has mobilised the East African King's African Rifles to block the railway at Taveta in a grand gesture of defiance. They have announced that they will occupy the railway indefinitely if their demands are not met. Outgoing trains have been stopped at the border. This will disrupt rail traffic, especially towards the DKAEB-owned sections between Nairobi and Djibouti.
Fine, give them what they want.
Two can play that game.
Standoff at Taveta
Following a diplomatic row over the outcome of the Kenyatta Affair and a standoff at Taveta, on the border between the Colony and Protectorate of Kenya and German East Africa, word has reached us that Governor [MAF.GetLeader] has ordered the mobilisation of the Schutztruppe to put down the 'instigators'. While this would hardly be the first time the Schutztruppe has been called into action to secure the Mittelafrikan railway network, it would be the first time since 1919 that the German military has taken up arms against the British. It would be an escalation of unprecedented proportions and must be stopped NOW.
Tell them to stand down immediately.
Colonial Office Intervenes
Berlin has got wind of our plans to break through the blockade by force and has sent us an order to stand down and yield to the demands of the Kenyan Legislative Council, together with a stern reprimand for the needless escalation of the matter. The Colonial Office will certainly be watching our administration more closely now.
Fine.
The Kikuyu Central Association
When we moved into British Kenya in 1925, the British hold on the territory was dangerously weak after five years of war. In the same year, British strikes coincided with a series of protests by the natives in British East Africa; continued expropriation of the most productive land by British settlers around the Central Highlands has driven the Kikuyu to organise themselves in order to collectively bargain with the Kenyan administration. With the continued hardline stance of the Kenyan Legislative Council, their pleas have fallen on deaf ears, leading the organisation to seek other avenues to achieve their goals. Their radicalisation seems to have been increased rapidly, with clashes between them and the Anglo Security Forces occurring on the daily. The Kenyan administration has asked us to prepare to assist them if the situation escalates further.
Can't they deal with it themselves?
The Kenyan Highlands Settlement Policy
The Highlands of Kenya are one of the few areas of Africa suitable to white settlement. The rare combination of cool uplands combined with healthy soil creates a climate almost like that of Europe, and excellent for farming. It is no wonder that the land there is in high demand.\n\nUnfortunately, it's long been economically underused. The British settlers have proven more interested in establishing themselves as landholders and letting the native Kikuyu do the labour. If we opened the land up to small German farmers squeezed by the Junker estates, we could improve productivity and increase our influence on the region, but it would also make the land shortage even more intense.
Allow for German settlement.
Let us keep the British protectorates British.
Land Crisis in the Kenyan Highlands
Allowing German settlement in the Highlands of Kenya has only exacerbated the problems in the region, as it has set off land speculation, with prices rising out of control, and conflicts and disputes breaking out over the demarcation of a few metres of land. To make matters worse, for the local Kikuyu tribes, a man is not considered an adult until he owns at least some land. There are tribal territories set aside for this, but they are massively overcrowded, with most of them owning no land and working on British plantations. Additionally, an increasing amount of land within the tribal areas is monopolised by the local chiefs. This land shortage is creating unrest on all sides.
Break up the less effective British plantations.
Withdraw the German settlers.
Use Kikuyu labour for land reclamation projects.
The Death of Josslyn Hay
In a shocking turn of events, Josslyn Hay, the 22nd Earl of Erroll, was shot dead in broad daylight this afternoon. Hay was a staunch pro-German voice among the White Kenyan elite, which suggests that this was a targeted attack on our administration.\n\nKenyan officials have noted a rise in religious, oath-based violence among the Kikuyu. Supposedly, they are conducting 'magic rituals' under the cover of darkness, and swear oaths to kill white settlers.\n\nOur own sources point out that Hay had made more than a few enemies in his personal life due to his philandering ways and unorthodox approach to politics.
Declare a state of emergency in Kenya.
Land Reclamation Completed
Our land reclamation project in Kenya is complete. By draining marshes, applying pesticides, building dams and diverting rivers, we've increased the amount of land we can have under cultivation, slightly reducing the land crisis there.
For Deutschland!
The Men in the Forest
Chafing under the restrictions, curfews and random searches of the state of emergency, men of the Kikuyu, Embu, and Meru ethnic communities have started leaving their homes and taking to the rugged hills and mountains of the Aberdare range, Mount Kenya, and the Mau Escarpment. From there, they have begun an insurgency campaign against us and the British, targeting colonial civilians and soldiers alike, and using the most barbaric and brutal tactics imaginable.
Send in the army.
The Mau Mau are Defeated
After a hard-fought guerrilla war against the Mau Mau revolt in Kenya, we have finally managed to put most of the rebelling warriors down and have either arrested, killed or executed most of the rebellion's leaders. Kenya should be peaceful for a while now...
Three cheers for Mittelafrika!
Nigeria secedes from Mittelafrika
Citing our inability to police the Cameroons, they claim we can no longer protect them and are looking for outside powers to align with.
They do have a point.
The Gold Coast joins Nigeria
Just as their neighbours, the Gold Coast colony has declared our protection to be inadequate. They are joining Nigeria in a bid for a brighter future.
Sic transit gloria mundi.
The German Collapse
With German protection all but gone, we now stand alone. It is probably best that we ask [NFA.GetNameDef] for protection lest we descend into chaos like our neighbours.
Send the telegram.
No, we are our own people!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] asks for our immediate protection
With the German collapse, the many local administrators of their realm suddenly find themselves without any protection. Among them is [FROM.GetNameDef], who have just sent us a telegram asking for our immediate and full protection.
Very well.
No, they are on their own.
The Nigerian Collapse
The worst imaginable scenario has come to pass, our country is disintegrating before our eyes.
Damnations.
The Territory of Marua
The Bornu rebellion of the North has been defeated by foreign invaders, who have since occupied the territory. We should ask for it to be returned now that the situation is more stable.
Asking can't hurt, right?
A Telegram from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
The newly pacified [FROM.GetName] has asked us to return the territory of Marua south of Lake Chad that we occupied after our recent conflict with the Bornu insurrectionists. In return, they promise to stay neutral in the conflicts that are bound to consume the continent in the coming years, ensuring that we are safe from incursion into our territories from the South.
A fair price to pay for the safety of the nation.
No.
The Ostafrika Askari
During our little exodus to Südwest, the Ostafrika Askari have managed to keep East Africa together, against all odds. Now, they are ceding control of the colony back to us.
Excellent!
The Thin Red Line
When the British Empire collapsed, the few garrisons in [FROM.GetName] had little to no choice but to seek protection from the German Colonists next door. While this arrangement was not to the liking of our British colonial administrator, so long as the German demands were not outrageous, it would continue. But today, we were informed by Dar-Es-Salaam that we would be required to send troops to the frontline in order to fight our countrymen. We cannot comply with this appalling order!
My allegiance is to the King! To the British Empire!
[FROM.GetName] Revolts!
Troops near the [FROM.GetName] have reported skirmishes between them and British garrison and auxiliary forces. German officers have tried to order them to hold their fire and stand down, but to no avail. Furthermore, the British Colonial Administration has ignored any demands for an explanation of the current events. It seems that [FROM.GetName] has entered a state of war against us.
They have shown their true colours.
[FROM.GetName] Returns to British Rule
Following the outbreak of war between Germany and us, the former British Colony of [FROM.GetName] has defected from their German overlords and rejoined the British Empire. While their return is a success, the colony is not strong enough to resist the Mittelafrikan threat. They direly need military reinforcements should we hope to hold it off from the German onslaught.
Welcome back!
