Wales Focus Tree
Wales
Welsh
Wales
Welsh Communal Republic
the Welsh Communal Republic
Welsh Communal Republic
the Welsh Communal Republic
Welsh Communal Republic
the Welsh Communal Republic
WSS
Welsh Syndicalist Society
Welsh Labour
Welsh Labour Party
PPW
People's Party of Wales
SDF - GB / W
Social Democratic Federation of Great Britain / Welsh Branch
PRN
Plaid Ryddfrydol Newydd
Welsh Liberals
Welsh Liberal Party
Plaid Cymru (Moderates)
Plaid Cymru (Moderates)
Plaid Cymru (Radicals)
Plaid Cymru (Radicals)
WHRA
Welsh Home Rule Army
Fringe Ultranationalists
Fringe Ultranationalists
WHRA
Welsh Home Rule Army
Plaid Cymru (Radicals)
Plaid Cymru (Radicals)
Abortive Nationalism
Welsh nationalism has only come in vogue in recent years with much of the population in the south Unionist in nature. For now our overlords are keeping a close eye on things, but the current arrangement can't last forever.
Economic Breakdown
Ravaged by war and occupation, the Welsh economy is in ruins.
Fledgling Army
The Welsh Republican Army is mostly made up of poorly trained militias and old home guard units. We must build a proper army if we expect to be taken seriously.
Oppressive Rule
Welsh Language Controls
Limited Freedoms
Distributist Economics
Welsh Language Broadcasting
Unionists Suppressed
Unionist Collaboration
The Welsh Republican Army
Land Reform
Welsh Legal Reforms
English Law Continuity
Welsh Education Programmes
The Welsh Welfare State
Home of the Revolution
Advanced Mining Industry
Welsh Language Schooling
Decentralised Power
The Welsh Intelligence Directory
§RNow that Wales is free and under de facto Plaid Cymru control, its future must be decided.§!
§RThe provisional legislative committee will be abolished and transition to an §Pautocratic dictatorship§! under Saunders Lewis.§!
§GThe provisional legislative committee will hold new but §arigged elections§! under Saunders Lewis.§!
§CAgainst the odds, Clement Davies has been selected by the provisional legislative committee to form a new government.§!
§GWe'll get a new bonus to our government structure.§!
§RA revolutionary socialist government has secured control of Wales and will now organise the new administration.§!
The §Pinterim government§! has been dissolved and transitioned to a more §Gpermanent administration§!.
The §Pinterim government§! has been dissolved and transitioned to a §Cnon-socialist§! administration.
§GTo supply our fledgling army, various secret caches and demobilised munition dumps will be raided for anything salvageable.§!
The Interim Government and our masters support §aSaunders Lewis§!.
The Interim Government and our masters support §cPlaid Cymru§!.
The Interim Government and our masters support §lPlaid Ryddfrydol Newydd§!.
Weather the Storm
Form a Secret Police
Suspend the Legislative Committee
Guided Democracy
Centralise Executive Authority
Enforce Welsh Usage
Institute Mass Public Surveillance
The Llywydd Tragwyddol
Allow Minor Liberties
Perchentyaeth Economics
Nationalise Key Industries
Public Work Schemes
Welsh Language Broadcasting
Our Republic
Punish the Unionists
Recruit Collaborators
The Welsh Land Reform Act
The Liberal Legacy
Establish the Senedd Cymru
Adopt a Welsh Legal Code
Maintain English Common Law
Universal Healthcare
Guarantee Civil Liberties
Welsh Education Reform
Small Business Grants
Build a Welfare State
Here, its Name is Wales
Kickstart the Welsh Republican Army
Recruit Republican Defectors
Raid the Weapon Caches
Procure Foreign Advisors
Found the Welsh Flying Corps
Form the Welsh Republican Navy
Home of the Revolution
Suppress Paramilitary Organisations
Found the Welsh Communal Congress
Communalise the Industries
Urban Development Programmes
Expand Coal and Mining Syndicates
Welsh Language Schooling
Anti-Poverty Laws
Memories of the Cardiff Commune
Cement Congressional Authority
The Welsh Intelligence Directory
S.O. Davies
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1883, in Abercwmboi, Glamorganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile his year of birth is uncertain, being either 1883 or 1886, with such uncertainty a common occurrence in rural Wales in the past century, Stephen Owen Davies' political life began in the Tarian y Gweithiwr newspaper in South Wales. It was here, and with the activism that he involved himself with, that drove him further left as he was blacklisted by miners. A vocal opponent of the disaster of the Weltkrieg, which he saw as little more than an imperialist game, his role as one of Wales's foremost socialists was cemented during the revolution as the Cardiff Commune's Premier and the later Chairman of the Welsh TUC. Coming out of Wales, most have strong anti-Mannist, or as they claimed, anti-authoritarian, tendencies, but Davies sees the bigger picture, and the danger the revolution and Wales itself, along with its people will find itself in if does not join the broader revolutionary movement across Europe§!
Lewis Jones
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1897, in Clydach Vale, Glamorganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn at the end of the previous century, Lewis Jones was a student of the Central Labour College in London when revolution swept the isles. His opposition to overcentralising and personalisation of the revolution on a few individuals made him many powerful enemies in the establishment of the Union of Britain, but an equal amount of then silent admirers; who now support his tenure as the leader of an independent Wales. His main political focus, as with his writings, is to improve the conditions for the common proletariat in Wales, rather than lofty goals of national or linguistic revival.§!
Cliff Prothero
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1898, in Ynysybwl, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Clement Davies
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1884, in Llanfyllin, Montgomeryshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA left-leaning liberal and one of the first to mix with the supporters of the revolution, Davies now finds himself shepherding the new Welsh republic, having been appointed to the position by the country's new overlords. While mostly ambivalent and vague on the issue of Welsh independence, Davies seems content to rule over the republic so as to protect his more leftist strand of liberalism and allow a fledgling democratic state to grow where once there was tyranny.§!
Rhys Morris
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1888, in Blaencaerau, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Lewis Valentine
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1893, in Llanddulas, Denbighshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe original leader of Plaid Cymru, Valentine initially led the group through its tumultuous, early years. Shortly after being stabbed, Valentine would take a backseat in the party and relative to Saunders Lewis. The two men would clash and soon an informal diarchy would emerge with both leading a moderate and authoritarian wing respectively. While no stranger to more creative methods of settling political issues, Valentine has no desire other than to forge the newly liberated Cymru into a democratic Welfare state where the Welsh people feel no shame in their culture and customs.§!
Ambrose Bebb
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1894, in Blaendyffryn, Goginan, Cardiganshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilliam Ambrose Bebb is a renowed author, literary critic and politician, and a veteran of the Plaud Cymru party since its early days. Within Plaid, he always was more attuned to its right wing members such as Saunders Lewis, and he personally was influenced by many thinkers of continental Europe, including Integralist nationalists such as Maurras. In the new European order Wales is a part of, dawned from the rotting carcass of syndicalism and the maelstrom of war, there is no space or time for half measures; and Bebb knows that to make things right and ensure Wales's future, a firm hand is needed to guide the nation. An unlikely candidate for the presidency, Bebb is more of a cultural figurehead to exemplify Welsh prestige and allow Saunders Lewis to run the government from the shadows.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1894, in Blaendyffryn, Goginan, Cardiganshire, Wales§!
Saunders Lewis
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Wallasey, Cheshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSaunders Lewis is one of Wales' more notable figures for his poetry and other literary feats and being one of the founders of Plaid Cymru. Lewis would later take leadership of the party following Lewis Valentine's resignation and has since taken it on a more authoritarian path, taking inspiration from Germany's 'Prussian constitutionalism' among other far-right, anti-syndicalist regimes. In his own scant political writings, Lewis has outlined his desire to revive the Welsh language and culture, so as to one day take primacy in Cymru, and now in charge of the nation his iron-fisted rule will likely see it become a reality.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1893, in Wallasey, Cheshire, England§!
H.R. Jones
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Ebenezer, Caernarfonshire, Wales§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHuw Robert Jones, far more commonly known as H.R. Jones, was born in the Caernarfonshire village of Ebenezer, and as was so common for young men then, started working locally at age thirteen, but later had a variety of different jobs. Soon he turned to politics, particularly those with a Welsh bias, succeeding first in small goals, such as renaming his home village to Deiniolen, and later on to found the Welsh Home Rule Army in the 1920s, and being a vital part of the early days of Plaid Cymru, being elected its first general secretary, a position he would use to advance the militant side of Welsh nationalism. He is, still to this day, looked as a senior figure in the Welsh national movement, and could be seen as a natural choice from the outside to the position of first head of an independent Welsh state. However, even within the party, while none deny his sincerity of motive and his will, some question his qualifications to lead an entire nation, especially one borne from the all consuming flames of war such as Wales. Jones, however, knows decisive action must be taken, for the time for measured action has long passed; if the nation is to have a future, regardless of what that may be, it must start now.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Ebenezer, Caernarfonshire, Wales§!
Unknown
§YBorn:§! §Lin Wales§!
Huw T. Edwards
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1892, in Rowen, Caernarfonshire, Wales§!
Megan Lloyd George
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1902, in Criccieth, Caernarfonshire, Wales§!
Elizabeth Andrews
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1882, in Hirwaun, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Alf Davies
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Blaengarw, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Albert Clifford Williams
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1905, in Blaina, Monmouthshire, Wales§!
Goronwy Owen
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1881, in Colomendy, Denbighshire, Wales§!
Bertrand Russell
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1872, in Trellech, Monmouthshire, Wales§!
D.J. Williams
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1885, in Llansawel, Carmarthenshire, Wales§!
Kate Roberts
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1891, in Rhosgadfan, Caernarfonshire, Wales§!
Hubert William Lewis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1896, in Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire, Wales§!
Henry Weale
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1897, in Shotton, Flintshire, Wales§!
Frederick W. Higginson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1913, in Gorseinon, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
John Wallace Linton
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1905, in Newport, Monmouthshire, Wales§!
Tasker Watkins
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1918, in Nelson, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Lewis Wolton
§YBorn:§! §Lin Wales§!
Arthur Dixon
§YBorn:§! §Lin Wales§!
Arthur Owens
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1899, in Pontardawe, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
WRA Army Council
§YBorn:§! §Lin Wales§!
