-
-
-
-
-
-
-
Muwālū Idrīs
Muwālū Idrīs
As Sanūsīyah
As Sanūsīyah
As Sanūsīyah
As Sanūsīyah
HU
Hizb al 'Ummah (Labour Party)
HU
Hizb al 'Ummah (Labour Party)
HQ
Kutlat al Watanīyah al Hurra (Free National Bloc)
HQ
Kutlat al Watanīyah al Hurra (Free National Bloc)
MWL
Mutamar al Watanī al Lībī (Libyan National Congress)
HA
Hizb al Ahrār (Liberal Party)
JWM
Jabha al Watanīyah al Muttahida (United National Front)
HAT
Hizb as Sha'b Tarābulus (Tripolitanian People's Party)
HAT
Hizb as Sha'b Tarābulus (Tripolitanian People's Party)
HIMT
Hizb al Ittihād al Misrī al Tarābulusī (Egypto-Tripolitanian Union Party)
Cyrenaica
Cyrenaican
Cyrenaica
Union of Cyrenaica
the Union of Cyrenaica
Union of Cyrenaica
the Union of Cyrenaica
Union of Cyrenaica
the Union of Cyrenaica
Emirate of Cyrenaica
the Emirate of Cyrenaica
Emirate of Cyrenaica
the Emirate of Cyrenaica
Emirate of Cyrenaica
the Emirate of Cyrenaica
Libya
Libyan
Libya
Libyan People's Republic
the Libyan People's Republic
Libyan People's Republic
the Libyan People's Republic
Libyan People's Republic
the Libyan People's Republic
Ifriqiya
Ifriqiyan
Ifriqiya
Maghrebi Union
Maghrebi
the Maghrebi Union
Maghrebi Union
Maghrebi
the Maghrebi Union
Maghrebi Union
Maghrebi
the Maghrebi Union
Tripolitania
Tripolitanian
Tripolitania
Tripolitanian Union
the Tripolitanian Union
Tripolitanian Socialist Republic
the Tripolitanian Socialist Republic
Tripolitanian Republic
the Tripolitanian Republic
Tripolitanian Republic
the Tripolitanian Republic
Tripolitanian Republic
the Tripolitanian Republic
Tripolitanian Republic
the Tripolitanian Republic
Tripolitanian Republic
the Tripolitanian Republic
The Cyrenaican Revolt
The masks have finally fallen off as the final confrontation between the Porte and the Senussi Order is finally upon us. Although the Cyrenaican government has little intention to rule all of Libya, they may still revise this policy should the war prove more successful than expected.
Pacify Tripolitania
Sectarian issues, tribal conflict and republican thought are running rampant in Tripolitania causing the entire province to be plunged into a state of seemingly never ending chaos. It is our duty to remove this chaos and in its place restore order, the Senussi order.
Form Ifriqiya
For centuries, the Lordship of Africa has been vacant. Our lands have been pawns in the chessboard of the great Turk, little resembling the land that brought so much advancement and wealth to the world in its Golden Age. But, under our leadership, what was has come again; and now finally Ifriqya is under its rightful ruler, King Idris I!
Move the Capital to Benghazi
The economic and political heart of Cyrenaica, the seizure of the city was celebrated as a great victory by all Cyrenaicans and a clear symbol of our breach with the Ottoman Empire. Long live the Senussi Order!
Move the Capital to Tripoli
The strongest and most populated city in Libya, Tripoli is the heart of Tripolitania and an extremely influential player within Libyan politics. If our government is to avoid the creation of a shadow government in its Western provinces, it would be wise to shift our capital to Tripolitania.
Masters of the Trans-Saharan Trade
Whilst Libya controls no real economic value to speak of, with arable land at less than 5% of its total territory, it plays a pivotal role in the Trans-Saharan trade network. Oases in Fezzan and Cyrenaica provide the necessities for the long trips to the Sahel whilst cities and towns along the Tripolitanian Coast guide traffic between Egypt and the Western Maghreb.\n\nThe arrival of European powers and the failure of the Ottomans to intervene pro-actively in their Arab territories however has greatly damaged these routes that form the lifeblood of our society. French colonists in the West closed their borders to our traders whilst punitive expeditions were fought out between the Senussis and the French garrisons in Chad and Niger.\n\nThe collapse of the French state and the subsequent British revolution would revitalise the network as interest to dismantle the remaining French colonies has risen dramatically whilst further South, the German state of Mittelafrika is a welcome supplier for smuggling and a happy recipient for black market arms deals.\n\n§gRewards will be based on distance travelled or on modifiers unlocked through the focus tree.§!\n\n§YAvailable Routes§!:\n§OBenghazi§! - [LBA.cyr_siwa]\n§OBenghazi§! - §OKufra§! - [LBA.cyr_murzuq] - [LBA.cyr_tuat]\n§OBenghazi§! - §OKufra§! - [LBA.cyr_murzuq] - [LBA.cyr_bilma] - [LBA.cyr_timbuktu]\n§OBenghazi§! - §OKufra§! - [LBA.cyr_wadai] - [LBA.cyr_nigeria]\n§OBenghazi§! - §OKufra§! - [LBA.cyr_wadai] - [LBA.cyr_cameroon]\n§OBenghazi§! - §OKufra§! - [LBA.cyr_wadai] - [LBA.cyr_congo]
Port of Benghazi
Once mostly known for sponge fishing, Benghazi now is the most important naval station on the African coast of the Ottoman Empire and the greatest harbour in all of Libya.
Oasis of Siwa
The Oasis of Siwa is dominated by the ruins of an ancient fortress on a rock towering above the city. The waters of the basin shall refresh our camels and men alike.
Oasis of Kufra [1009.trading_post_level_indicator]
The Oasis of Kufra has been the redoubt for the Senussi in times of danger and it was from there the resistance against the French imperialists coming from the South was organised. Now it's a safe haven for our weary caravaneers.
Oasis of Murzuq [273.trading_post_level_indicator]
Hey. You. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that Ottoman ambush, same as us and that thief over there.
Oasis of Tuat
The waters of Tuat give life to vast acres of date palms. A treat!
City of Timbuktu
The Golden City of Timbuktu is a vault of knowledge and religious learning. The mausolea of holy men attract pilgrims from all of the Sahara desert and beyond.
Oasis of Bilma [910.trading_post_level_indicator]
\
City of Abéché, Wadai [515.trading_post_level_indicator]
A fortress guards the former capital of the Wadai, the caravans' gateway to the south. The markets buzz with traders and goods.
[1025.owner.GetAdjective] Congo Basin
The lush rainforests in the Congo Basin are an unusual sight for our men.
[927.owner.GetAdjective] Cameroon
The green hills of Cameroon make for discreet meeting places with our German arms smugglers.
[558.owner.GetAdjective] Nigeria
Our trade connections tell us of the beauty of the white beach of Lagos, far on the coast, a vastly different kind of ocean than we travel on our desert ships.
West-African Caravan §CTimbuktu - Bilma§!
Night and stars above that shine so bright\nThe mystery of their fading light\nThat shines upon our caravan\nSleep upon my shoulder as we creep\nAcross the sand so I may keep\nThe memory of our caravan\nThis is so exciting\nYou are so inviting\nResting in my arms\nAs I thrill to the magic charms\nOf you beside me here beneath the blue\nMy dream of love is coming true\nWithin our desert caravan
West-African Caravan §CBilma - Murzuq§!
$LBA_waf_Timbuktu_Bilma_Caravan_desc$
West-African Caravan §CMurzuq - Kufra§!
$LBA_waf_Timbuktu_Bilma_Caravan_desc$
West-African Caravan §CKufra - Benghazi§!
$LBA_waf_Timbuktu_Bilma_Caravan_desc$
Algerian Caravan §RTuat - Murzuq§!
Night and stars above that shine so bright\nThe mystery of their fading light\nThat shines upon our caravan\nSleep upon my shoulder as we creep\nAcross the sand so I may keep\nThe memory of our caravan\nThis is so exciting\nYou are so inviting\nResting in my arms\nAs I thrill to the magic charms\nOf you beside me here beneath the blue\nMy dream of love is coming true\nWithin our desert caravan.
Algerian Caravan §RMurzuq - Kufra§!
Algerian Caravan §RKufra - Benghazi§!
Egyptian Caravan §YSiwa - Benghazi§!
Hey! Clear the way in the old Bazaar\nHey you!\nLet us through!\nIt's a bright new star!\nOh Come!\nBe the first on your block to meet his eye!\n\nMake way!\nHere he comes!\nRing bells! Bang the drums!\nAre you gonna love this guy!\n\nPrince Ali! Fabulous he!\nAli Ababwa\nGenuflect, show some respect\nDown on one knee!\nNow, try your best to stay calm\nBrush up your Sunday salaam\nThen come and meet his spectacular coterie!
Congo Caravan §OCongo Basin - Abéché§!
So bongo, bongo, bongo, I don't want to leave the Congo\nOh no no no no no\nBingle, bangle, bungle, I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go\nDon't want no jailhouse, shotguns, fish hooks, golf clubs\nI've got my spear\nI'll stay right here.
Congo Caravan §OAbéché - Kufra§!
So bongo, bongo, bongo, I don't want to leave the Congo\nOh no no no no no\nBingle, bangle, bungle, I'm so happy in the jungle I refuse to go\nDon't want no jailhouse, shotguns, fish hooks, golf clubs\nI've got my spear\nI'll stay right here.
Congo Caravan §OKufra - Benghazi§!
Cameroon Caravan §GCameroon - Abéché§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
Cameroon Caravan §GAbéché - Kufra§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
Cameroon Caravan §GKufra - Benghazi§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
Hausa Caravan §BHausa - Abéché§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
Hausa Caravan §BAbéché - Kufra§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
Hausa Caravan §BKufra - Benghazi§!
Wie oft sind wir geschritten\nAuf schmalem Negerpfad\nWohl durch der Steppen Mitten,\nWenn früh der Morgen naht.\nWie lauschten wir dem Klange,\nDem alten trauten Sange\nDer Träger und Askari:\nHeia heia Safari!
The Struggle Against Imperialism
Whilst we style ourselves as a fully fledged Emirate, it is apparent that the Senussi Order forms the centrepoint of our administration. A Sufi Order founded by the great Senussi himself in the early 19th century, their message of virulent anti-imperialism and a return to Islamic traditions has spread far and wide in Northern Africa through an expansive network of Lodges or 'Zawiya'.\n\nThese lodges not only provide spiritual guidance and theological education but serve as resting stops on the Trans-Saharan trade routes, provide security to the local communities and more often than not form important economic nuclei.\n\n§OLevel I§! §YZawiyas§! provide the following benefits:\n    - Unlocks §Y$LBA_Open_Trade_Route$§! decision\n    - Adds §R-10%§! §YCompliance§! to the state\n    - Adds §R+10%§! §Y$MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_TARGET$§! to the state\n    - Provides §G+30§! §YSenussi Volunteers§! every week\n\n§OLevel II§! §YZawiyas§! provide the following benefits:\n    - Unlocks §OLevel II§! §YTrading Post§! upgrades\n    - Unlocks §Y$LBA_Arm_Resistance$§! decision\n    - Adds §R-30%§! §Y$MODIFIER_RECRUITABLE_POPULATION_FACTOR$§! to the state\n    - Adds §R-30%§! §YAvailable Buildings Slots Factor§! to the state\n    - Adds §R-30%§! §YLocal Resources Factor§! to the state\n    - Provides §G+100§! §YSenussi Volunteers§! every week
Senussi Zawiya Present
Zawiya Network in Timbuktu [556.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Bilma [910.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Tuat [514.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Algeria [513.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Tripoli [448.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Murzuq [273.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Wadai [515.zawiya_level_indicator]
Zawiya Network in Siwa [452.zawiya_level_indicator]
The teachings of the great Senussi are spreading far and wide throughout the entire Sahara as his message of anti-colonial resistance, coupled with the punching power of the Senussi military is well received amongst those still toiling under French oppression.
Re-open Trade Route
The Kafirs think that they can stop the ships of the desert but they have not embraced the desert like we have. It is coarse, it is rough but it is the lifeblood of our society and we will fight to the end to preserve it!
Arm Resistance Cells
The Kafirs have exploited the true believers of the faith for long enough! With tensions rising in Europe and the government in Algiers buckling under stress like never before, it is time to support our brethren and start the liberation of the Sahara.
The Senussi Princes have been ousted
Shows the important stops on the Trans-Saharan Trade Route
Shows the Senussi Network
£trigger_no §RSiwa§! (blocked by [452.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Siwa
£trigger_no §RMurzuq§! (blocked by [273.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Murzuq
£trigger_no §RTuat§! (blocked by [514.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Tuat
§gTuat§! (blocked upstream)
£trigger_no §RBilma§! (blocked by [910.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Bilma
§gBilma§! (blocked upstream)
£trigger_no §RTimbuktu§! (blocked by [556.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Timbuktu
§gTimbuktu§! (blocked upstream)
£trigger_no §RWadai§! (blocked by [515.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Wadai
£trigger_no §RNigeria§! (blocked by [558.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Nigeria
§gNigeria§! (blocked upstream)
£trigger_no §RCameroon§! (blocked by [927.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Cameroon
§gCameroon§! (blocked upstream)
£trigger_no §RCongo Basin§! (blocked by [1025.owner.GetFlag])
£trigger_yes Congo Basin
§gCongo Basin§! (blocked upstream)
Caravan Route has been blocked by the Authorities
The Blockade on the §YTrading Post§! will be lifted
§YTrading Post§! Has been upgraded to §OLevel II§!
§YZawiya§! Has been upgraded to §OLevel I§!
§YZawiya§! Has been upgraded to §OLevel II§!
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.waf_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.waf_route_total]\n\n
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.alg_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.alg_route_total]\n\n
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.siw_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.siw_route]\n\n
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.con_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.con_route_total]\n\n
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.cam_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.cam_route_total]\n\n
The §YCaravan§! will transport §Y[?LBA.nig_route]§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§! £rifle_texticon on this §YCaravan§!: [?LBA.nig_route_total]\n\n
§gUpgrades §YTrading Post§! to §OLevel II§!, granting the following effects:§!\nShipping Time: §G-5 days§!
§gUpgrades §YZawiya§! to §OLevel I§!, granting the following effects:§!\n
§gUpgrades §YZawiya§! to §OLevel II§!, granting the following effects:§!\n$MODIFIER_RECRUITABLE_POPULATION_FACTOR$: §R-30%§!\nAvailable Buildings Slots Factor: §R-30%§!\nLocal Resources Factor: §R-30%§!\n
§OCaravan§! route will be blockaded by the authorities
§OCaravan§! route will be blockaded by the authorities\n§CZawiya§! will be destroyed\n
All §YCaravan Stops§! will provide an extra §Y10§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded
All §YCaravan Stops§! will provide an extra §Y15§! £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded
All §YCaravan Stops§! will provide §Y15§! less £rifle_texticon per connected trading post not blockaded
\nThis will reduce the chances that our Caravans are lost in the Sahara!
\nThis will hinder French units from catching our operations.
\nWhile the extra guns may slow the Caravans, the extra firepower comes in handy!
\nThe right people, given the right gifts will help ensure our Caravans are more likely to make it home safe!
§C(Level 1/2)§!
§C(Level 2/2)§!
§C(Level 0/2)§!
§C(Level 1/2)§!
§C(Level 2/2)§!
Senussi Zawiya: $VALUE|=-%0$
Senussi Resistance: $VALUE|=-%0$
Boosted Resistance in this State
Pervasive Senussi Influence
Senussi Volunteers
Responding to the call from the Senussis, volunteers from all across the Islamic world are flocking to the banner of the Faith to oust the French from Africa and liberate the oppressed Muslims of the Maghreb.
Cyrenaica Focus Tree
Military of the Order
The Senussi Order fought bravely, fought together, and still they lost to Italy on the battlefield. While concessions were made at the peace table, our defeats highlighted weaknesses that could yet be exploited by our foes, particularly in the event of pitched warfare.
Revised Infantry Doctrine
In Bedouin tradition, the horse and camel are the chief components of the army and are merely accompanied by the infantry if the situation requires it. Our experience in the Weltkrieg has however shown the weakness of the strategy and the severe underperformance of our infantry during the Egyptian offensive. We need a regular infantry core if we are to maintain our independence.
Rifle Acquisition
Improving the quality of the weapons our soldiers use is a fundamental priority of national defence; however, our current lack of native industrial capacity complicates matters. We must ensure that we have the best possible handguns in our possession.
Horsemen of Cyrenaica
The Senussi Order and the men that fought for it have always used the loyal steeds of these lands to protect us. For centuries the horsemen of the nation have answered the call to war, and as a new age of war approaches, they shall do so again. They may now be equipped differently in arms, but not in spirit and bravery.
Planned Offensives
We must face the realities of being a minor nation stuck between opposing spheres of influence; whether we like it or not, war will come to our shores. The choice stands between properly planning for it, or leaving our destiny in the hands of fate.
Desert Mobility
Our main advantage in the Weltkrieg against the Italians was our capacity to outmanoeuvre the Empire's forces, thanks to the ingenuity of our men and our knowledge of our lands. Our forces are always one step ahead of invaders, and pitched battle not always is the answer to our struggle.
Organise the 'Adwar
The Senussi's struggle for the defence of our home was long and bloody. With no hope of support, we valiantly stood against the steel of the empire of the Italians, but not with brute force, rather, with mastery of the battlefield and the terrain of our homeland. Set up by Umar, the 'Adwar are local defence organisations which will respond to a central command in Jaghbub led by Umar and his closest allies.
Legacy of the Italo-Turkish War
When the Roman Imperialists stormed the beaches of Tripolitania, we fought side by side with our Turkish allies to cleanse the land of their kind and preserve the supremacy of the crescent in Libya. The Turks would later abandon us but the Senussi never gave up! We will fight the imperialists on the shores, we will fight them in the mountains and we will fight them in the deserts! Allahu Akbar!
Tripoli-Ajdabiya Arms Route
The fighting capacity of an army can only go as far as their weaponry. Not only do our men have a lack of guns, but we lack proper, modern artillery pieces, machine guns and many other instruments of war that will undoubtedly be necessary in the coming storm. Tripoli serves as the main import harbour of Libya and is the only reliable source of foreign equipment. We should strengthen our connection to its markets.
Equipment Improvisation
Sometimes a few corners have to be cut. We don't need the best wood, or the best steel, or the best gunpowder... we need our men ready for combat and martyrdom for the homeland!
Military Production
We currently lack the structures necessary for a proper arsenal, one that will truly make the weapons we need in the needed time frame. And time is of the essence, as war approaches our land ever rapidly.
Found the Benghazi Dockyards
In order to defend our shores properly, the Port of Benghazi will be outfitted with the best equipment our coffers can afford, to ensure its dry dock produces cargo and military craft to suit our needs.
Expand Derna Harbour
Our reliance on the port of Benghazi has led to a substantial decrease in revenue for the state as this way the Ottoman state has been able to profit from our hard work. Further East however, lies the quiet town of Derna which despite its smaller size doesn't suffer from the meddling of the Porte. By expanding its harbour, we may be able to steer traffic out of Benghazi.
Jebel Akhdar Irrigation Works
Lacking any form of manufacturing industry, the agricultural output of the Jebel Akhdar is the only tool our economy has. In the past, this region has however been incapable of ensuring a steady surplus for export and made the Cyrenaican economy almost entirely reliant on the weather during a given year. And as such, irrigation works are a much needed necessity if we are to increase our revenues.
Trans-Saharan Trading
The second pillar of the Senussi economy next to agriculture, the trans-Saharan trade is a vital source of income and influence for the Order. Lacking roads and travelling through hazardous lands, the Senussi provide protection to the caravans attempting the perilous journey.
Connecting to Egypt
With control over most of the sea trade in the hands of the Turks, the importance of the land routes connecting to Egypt has increased over the last few decades. Siwa forms the main stop on this connection as the proximity of the Oasis town to our religious capital in Jaghbub ensures a reliable and well-trodden path.
Boost Local Manufacturing
Lacking almost any form of local manufacturing or industry, we are overly reliant on trade with the Ottomans in Benghazi and the Egyptians in Siwa. To remedy this, the Zawiya (Sufi Lodges) will be tasked with setting up small facilities to weave textiles and process raw agricultural produce.
Zawiya Education Programme
The Zawiyas form the centrepoint of our government in Cyrenaica and include religious facilities, accomodation for caravans and refugees and a storehouse for supplies and caravan goods. On top of this however, they have a task as places of education and teach children about the Senussi way. We should expand this education with practical material concerning livestock, farming and warfare.
Masters of the Arms Trade
From the markets of Northern Chad to the oases of Fezzan, we have built ourselves up to be the dominant player in the Saharan arms trade supplying to Bedouin and anti-colonial rebels alike. This has furthermore also ensured that the bannermen of the Senussi are armed to the teeth, ready to ride out for the defence of their faith if called upon by their leader.
The Return of Idris
Idris has returned from his exile! Rejoice, for a new age beckons!
Client-Patronage System
The Senussi order is built on a rigorous socio-economic network that we must protect at all costs for it defines what we are. Nonetheless we can't remain ignorant of external developments and we must recognise that ties with the urban centres are becoming more and more important by the day.
Fortify Jaghbub and Jebel Akhdar
We are outnumbered, outgunned and completely under-equipped but every man and woman knows his duty to the Order and it is with their collective efforts that we will
Support the Arab Cause
Whilst the people of Cyrenaica care little about such futilities as nationalism and ethnicity, we support the right of other Arabs to assert their independence from the outdated Ottoman state.
Attract Arab Capital
As Cyrenaica lacks any sort of industrialists and/or major capitalists, we will need foreign investment if we are to ever expand the economy. Processing foodstuff, shipbuilding and other industry could potentially be kickstarted on a small scale with the assistance of the Egyptians.
Invite Egyptian Military Mission
The Cyrenaican army is nothing but the soldiers produced by the Ikhwan and whilst they have proven their mettle against the Italians, we were defeated by the French in Chad and the English in Egypt who used modern tactics and discipline. If we are to preserve our sovereignty, we will need to expand our army to be more than just guerrillas.
Cyrenaica for the Cyrenaicans
Turks, Italians and other foreigners have long oppressed the people of Cyrenaica, leaving them in poverty and misery as a third rate province within their grand empires. No more! By the will of Allah, master of the universe, we will assert our independence and lead the tribes of Cyrenaica to the future they deserve.
Redistribute Tribal Burdens
The entire state structure of the Senussi is built on the shoulders of the Cyrenaican tribes and it is the duty of our Leader that he shifts the burden amongst his followers to ensure an equal distribution. Coordinating with the lodges, we will renegotiate our tribal taxes and conscription based on their capacities.
The Cyrenaican Revolution
Not only has Idris betrayed the Order when he made a cowardly deal with the Anglo devils but the consistent plundering of the Senussi treasury by the Princes have shown that they can not be trusted. The faithful have to stand united, not succumb to decadence and self-enrichment!
Confiscate Royal Properties
More than willing to betray the legacy of the Great Senussi, his descendants have shown themselves to be untrustworthy snakes perfectly happy to take money in exchange for their loyalty. We don't need their kind in our Cyrenaica!
Secure Tribal Loyalty
Whilst the prestige of our esteemed leader has ensured the loyalty of almost all tribes sworn to the Senussi state, we must make sure that they won't be open to overtures from the exiled Senussi princes and as such compromise our flanks.
Fortify the 'Adwar
To ensure the security of our domain and protect it from external threats, we must reinforce our 'Adwar and enforce quotas on the tribes serving underneath them. Every tribe will vow to keep his duwr supplied with food and fighters depending on its need and will replace the fallen if they are to fall in battle.
Brave Mujahideen of Cyrenaica
Every man is sworn to fight for Allah and push out the infidels that want to oppress us. The Zawiyas teach them how to fight, the caravans supply them with weapons and the scripture commands!
Cooperate with the Caliph
Whilst severely disgraced by his secular administration, the Turkish Caliph is still the leader of the Ummah and represents the forefront of the fight against European aggression. It would be unwise to challenge the power of the Porte or attempt to bring down this protection from the infidel Frenchmen in Tunis.
Turkish Military Assistance
Our army may be the master of the Green Mountain and the Cyrenaican deserts but we lack the modern training and equipment of the Porte. If we are to be the vanguard of decolonisation on the Maghrebi flank, we will need to verse ourselves in the new ways of warfare.
Jihad against Imperialism
The poor peoples living under the boot of the despicable Frenchmen have suffered long enough. With their forces entangled in a vicious struggle to restore their metropolitan holdings, the time has come for the Muslims to free themselves. Allahu Akbar!
Unite Libya
The Turks have betrayed the faith, falling into the pitfalls of secularisation and cooperation with the infidels of the European continent. It is up to the Senussi to take up the mantle and free the Maghreb from the shackles of colonialism.
Cyrenaican-Egyptian Cooperation
Linked through the oasis of Siwa and the caravan routes leading East, we will strengthen our ties with the government in Cairo to ensure the necessary support for our Jihad against the treacherous infidel dogs.
Unification of Libya
Tripolitania and Cyrenaica have finally been united into a single and cohesive state. Of course this is not without opposition and there will be a great many tasks ahead in mending the two nations and creating such a new state.
Maintain Tribal Organisation
The current and more decentralised tribal system has worked for so long now and in keeping with our federal principles we shall maintain this system of organisation to better refine our military forces.
Modern Libyan Army
With the new state it is time to move away from the decentralised tribal system and establish a modern and centralised Libyan army. A modern military force for a modern nation-state!
Redistribute Ottoman Equipment
The Ottoman exodus has left us with a large cache of weapons and equipment. Such weapons are in good shape and could be better served distributed to our own military forces.
Expand the Zawiya Network
The vast Zawiya network of lodges has proven well so far and with our increased national impetus it is time to expand their reach ever-further in the struggle against imperialism.
Libyan Federation
Libya is a state of two vastly different nations and many regional and tribal identities, a centralised state would be too unwieldy and as such the proposal to federate the new nation will go ahead.
Legislative Councils of the Provinces
In keeping with our new federalist principles, the provinces will be assigned their own legislative councils to decide on purely local issues.
Protect Date Production of Fezzan
Date palms are integral to the economy of Fezzan and as such new protections and regulations will be implemented to ensure the market can thrive without any further intervention and buoy our economy.
Tripolitanian Capital Accumulation
Tripolitania is not often thought of as a financial hotspot but with time and just enough investment it can grow to be a thriving centre of business and industry.
Sovereignty of the Senussi Order
The Senussi order has been one of the major players in the region for some time and their military knowledge is invaluable. By bringing them into government we can pool our military resources.
Curb Federal Executive Power
The ensure regional harmony, the powers of the federal government will be reduced and limited in nature so as to prevent extreme power abuses and empower the local councils.
Enforce Regionalism
The new federal system relies extensively on regional identity so as to prevent a centralised government getting too powerful. Regional identities must be enforced on the local population so as to keep the federation alive.
Unitary State of Libya
Libya is born out of Tripolitania and Cyrenaica but it is a new state and nation in itself, as such a firm and centralising hand is needed to ensure the state survives and does not fracture once more.
Strengthen the Diwan
The Diwan is the most loyal body to the state comprised of our allies and must have its powers expanded and its position in government affairs strengthened.
Libyan National Congress
Rather than lots of smaller, costly and ineffective provincial councils there will be a single and united Libyan National Congress that will act as the primary legislative body of the state.
Redraw Provincial Borders
The current makeup of provincial borders is a relic of the previous administrations and must be withdrawn to fit the new centralised and unitary model.
Development Bank of Tripoli
By establishing a development bank in Tripoli we can properly invest in our native businesses and allow the economy in the area to thrive.
Subsidise Tripolitanian Construction
We cannot hope to have a modern economy without a construction industry to back it up. Special subsidies will be put aside to invest and develop our native construction industry.
Central Committee of Education
Illiteracy and education is greatly lacking in Libya and to solve this shortfall a central committee will be established to oversee educational policies and improve schooling.
Tripolitania Focus Tree
First Tripolitanian Republic
We have finally managed to liberate ourselves and can now proclaim the first Tripolitanian Republic! While the journey ahead will be perilous we can finally join the world as an independent nation.
Organise Paramilitary Youth Organisation
The young of Tripolitania will carry the torch of our republic long into the future and should be mobilised for the task ahead into a paramilitary organisation to defend the republic.
Pursue Anti-Confessionalism
Confessionalism is an affront to our new republic and must be removed. Religion shall have no place in the politics of the new republic.
Dismantle Senussi Zawiyas
The Zawiya lodges gave great influence to the Senussis and as such should be dismantled so as to prevent Senussi influence bleeding into our politics.
Maintain Sectarian Characteristics
Sectarianism itself is not inherently bad and should characteristics of it shall be allowed to continue in our politics to promote peace and unity.
Encourage Inter-Tribal Dialogue
We are land of many diverse tribal identities and this inevitably leads to conflict. If we are to secure the existence of peace within the nation we must encourage the tribes to cooperate.
Arabisation of the Administration
We are an Arab state and as such the administration for such a state should seek to reflect this reality.
Regulate the Bureau for Immigration
As part of our new state building we will have to establish a special government branch to handle and regulate immigration into our new republic.
Tripolitanian State Building
Building a state up from the ashes is a tremendously difficult task but one that is necessary and shall be completed for the betterment of our republic.
Curb Regional Authority
As part of our programme of state building we should seek to centralise the government by significantly reducing the powers of regional authorities.
Diminish Misrata Influence
A centre of trade in the region, Misrata's influence has the potential to hamper our state building programme and so should be defanged.
Abolish Fezzani Autonomy
The Fezzan region to the south has been autonomous for some time due to its geography. If we are to properly build a centralised state it must be reintegrated into the fold.
Development Bank of Tripoli
Due to our poor financial situation it has been proposed we establish a special investment bank to help stimulate the Tripoli economy.
Expand Irrigation in the Jabal
Due to the arid state of much of our nation we should look into expanding irrigation programmes to better support our agricultural industry.
Agricultural Processing Industry
Agriculture itself is just but a part of a greater puzzle and if we can expand into processing we can reap great rewards.
Expand the Misrata Munition Factory
Our military industry is greatly lacking and so plans to establish a munitions factory in Misrata should receive our full go ahead.
Standardise Military Equipment
Military equipment within the republic is a diverse assortment and this makes supplying our troops a challenge. By standardising all equipment our forces will be better supplied and organised.
Shuffle the Military Cabinet
The time has come to reshuffle the high command and introduce new ideas and doctrines to better refine our military forces.
Tripolitanian Conscription Law
Military conscription is a tenuous affair and to ensure a steady supply of reinforcements for our military we should look into standardising conscription laws.
Study Ottoman Military Doctrine
The Ottomans did not get to where they were through sheer luck but instead through military ingenuity. By studying their actions we can better refine ours.
Strengthen [TUR.GetAdjective] Ties
The relation between Tripolitania and the Porte has always been a complicated one, derived from its distance from the capital and its substantial population of Turks. Unlike many of our Arab brethren, we don't believe in the total destruction of the Turkish state but recognise the potential of cooperation on equal terms. Turkey may be weakened but it still holds significant cards and Tripoli will need everything it can get.
Kouloughli Cultural Programme
The Kouloughlis are the children of Turkish men who settled in Libya after the Ottoman campaigns, and local women. In the eyes of the new Turkish government, these people symbolise the symbiosis between Turkish and Arabian culture, cuisine and brotherhood and the possibilities of future Turkish-Tripolitanian relations.
Invite Turkish Military Advisors
Our own military forces are lacking, and the Turks will gladly provide us with advisors to help strengthen our own military forces.
Turko-Tripolitanian Economic Union
Our economy is desperately weak and by establishing an economic union with the Turks we will have an easily accessible market to trade our goods.
Anti-Colonial Committee Cooperation
The Communard Anti-Colonial Committee has been instrumental in aiding our people as well as all those oppressed under the boot of imperialism. For our own benefit we should seek to cooperate with them.
Partake in the Phalanstère
Tripolitania unfortunately lacks a major scientific base and so cooperation with the Phalanstère will be necessary to increase our research efforts.
Internationale Industrial Assistance
The Internationale has shown an interest in providing funds to help expand our industrial clout, of which is currently lacking.
Restore Tripolitanian Railroads
Tripolitania is desperately backwards - a general lack of capital within the Ottoman Empire has prevented industrial development, and no other sector shows this as clearly as the railways where only a few short tracks exist around the capital. With the tactical advantage of opening a North African front clear for all to see, Communard engineers have been talking to our government to link the ports of Misrata and Tripoli to the Tunisian border to ensure supply lines.
Arms Acquisition Programme
The Internationale has offered to give us arms and munitions at cheaper rates, naturally we should take them up on this offer.
Join the Internationale
The time has come for us to ascend onto the world stage and join our brothers in socialism.
The Tide of Pan-Arabism
We are Arabs by nature and as such we should seek to unify with our Arab brothers by embracing the tide of pan-Arabism!
Invite Arab Educators
We have much to learn and must properly Arabise our population, to proceed forward we should invite new educators to the nation.
Pursue Cyrenaican Cooperation
Our brothers to the East are Arab just as we are and so we should seek to maintain friendly relations with them.
Join the Cairo Pact
The time has come to further our cooperation with our Arab brothers and join the Cairo Pact, the forefront of pan-Arabism.
Propose Libyan- Egyptian Unification
Throughout the republic whispers of the concept of unifying with our Arab brothers in Egypt have been getting louder and louder and it is time to properly act on this and seek unification.
Revitalise the Trans-Sahara Trade
The trans-Saharan trade routes have been the bedrock of our economy and if we are to thrive we must see them revitalised.
Senussi Backed Resistance
Ottoman Aid
The Porte has sent great amounts of aid to ensure we can keep up the fight against its enemies.
Agricultural Advances
More than ploughshares, but tractors and fertilisers; our farmers now have true capabilities of a modern agricultural expert.
Improvised Equipment
Well, technically any bandage can do as long as it's clean. And hawks work just as good as binoculars in the desert. In short, corners are being cut and our forces can save precious industrial capacity.
Legacy of the Turko-Italian War
The desert is ours. It is my home. Invaders come here, but they do not leave. They do not understand the desert; they do not understand how it gives life, and how it kills. So they die, and we grow stronger. The dead, now, the dead cannot pass on their newfound wisdom... so invaders keep coming, keep trying to take our lands and our wealth. And every time, we will drive them back!
'Adwar
To know the way around the trackless sands is not an easy task, but we have mastered the hills, dunes, plains and meadows of our home, and we can confidently outmanoeuvre our foes in our home turf.
Tribal Guides & Mobile Forces
Our forces know the lay of the land and how best to use it - our enemies cannot hope to defeat us.
Horsemen of the Barbary Coast
Riders and tribesmen from across the land are at our disposal to deliver devastating charges to the enemies of Tripoli.
Home of the Senussi Order
Birthplace of the Grand Senussi Order, the Green Mountain of Cyrenaica and the deserts of Kufra are the home of our international organisation. Striving for the liberation of the Muslim people from the yoke of European imperialists and the reinvigoration of the Muslim faith, our organisation can best be described as a militant missionary order which won't shy away from using violence if the situation demands it.\n\nThe rigidity of our organisation, the envy of many, has made us the undisputed masters of Cyrenaica where the state within the state controls everything from education to religion to military affairs to even the security of our economy. This rigidity proved to be a significant advantage during our struggles with the Italian occupiers as we bested their armies and pushed them back into the sea with a ferocity that has inspired Arabs all across the Maghreb and Mashriq.
Ottoman Naval Dominance
Although our order is the undisputed master of Cyrenaica, we must admit that we have no influence whatsoever over the seas where Ottoman control guided from Benghazi and Tripolitania is total. The Ottoman military base in Benghazi, the last remnant of their hold in Eastern Libya furthermore also forms our most important trading centre, something Ottoman officials and merchants are more than aware of. This situation is stifling our economy as the caravans of old, travelling between the Sahel, Sudan, Egypt and Libya can't compete any longer with the modern infrastructure provided by the Porte.
Trans-Saharan Trade
Egyptian Military Mission
Mujahideen of Cyrenaica
This mod is dedicated to the brave Mujahideen fighters of Cyrenaica. Allahu Akbar!
Tribal Loyalty
Tribal Organisation
Federative Government Model
Unitary Government Model
Decentralised Disorder
The departure of Ottoman authority in the Jabal has once more ignited the powder keg in Tripolitania. Sectarian squabbles, tribal disputes and even fears of a civil war are raging rampant whilst cliques and political parties are sprouting up every day to fill the void.
The Libyan Ba'ath
Called the Ba'ath after the Arabic word for renaissance or resurrection, the Party has decided to foster the creation of a paramilitary youth organisation to entrench the ideals of socialism amongst the youth and to organise them as a force to be wielded in the constant struggle against reactionary tribal structures.
Anti-Confessionalist Constitution
Islamic Constitution
Strict Immigration Regulations
Tripolitanian State Building
Turkish-Tripolitanian Economic Union
Cyrenaican Cooperation
Communard Industrial & Military Assistance
When Muhammad ibn Ali al-Sanusi founded the Order in 1837, the armies of Christianity were bearing down on the last Muslim states of Africa, Central Asia and the Middle East. In a desperate attempt to turn the tide, our Order embarked on trans-Saharan campaigns in the French Sudan and Chad, fighting to preserve the independence of these states and spread the message of our Grandmaster. Pushed back, we saw our territory slink until in 1911 the homeland came under direct attack. Although Italy, after almost a decade of guerrilla warfare, was pushed back into the sea, the French colonial empire still stands, still watches, still hungry...
GFX_LBA_intro
The Emirate of Cyrenaica
Founded by the great Muhammad ibn Ali as-Senussi in 1843, the Senussi Order has become a synonym for the region of Cyrenaica in which it holds sway. Although we are technically a part of the Ottoman Empire and penetration of the Green Mountain by the urban elite of Benghazi is steadily growing, we have been able to maintain our independence for close to 100 years now.\n\nFighting the despicable imperialists at every turn, the previous grandmasters have led the charge against the Europeans from the deserts of Wadai to the Oasis of Siwa. When the Italian army invaded Tripolitania in 1911, we fought side by side with our Caliph to rebuke their formidable force and continued doing so when the Turks handed Libya over only a few months later. Our relation with the Turks has always been... complicated to say the least as whilst we joined forces in 1911 and 1915, it is abundantly clear that the Porte isn't too keen on an independent administrative body within its domain.\n\nNonetheless when the Weltkrieg ended in an Ottoman victory, the overstretched and bankrupt empire was forced to concede that it didn't have the means to contest our strengthened post-war status and contended itself with the return of nominal control exercised from its bureaucrats in Benghazi.\n\nSince the end of the war, little has happened in Cyrenaica as the lack of both means and will to change the status-quo prevents any substantial changes. This was to change slightly in 1933 when our supreme leader, Ahmed Sharif as-Senussi, died of old age leaving his son to take up the reins. The death of this pivotal figure in our history however has reignited tensions between the pan-Islamic supporters of the late grandmaster and the Senussi Princes looking to the rightful heir, Idris, who went into exile after the Ottoman victory.
§MEmir Idris Returns§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the event \
[LBA.GetLeader] Incapacitated
Personally leading the charge against forces loyal to the French State in Northern Chad, our Supreme Leader has suffered a serious blow to the head after his horse was shot from under him. Whilst it is currently unclear whether this will have lasting effects on his health, aggravated due to the complete lack of medical personnel in our state, this has emboldened the Idrisi loyalists to call for a vote amongst the Senussi Princes concerning the return of the legitimate heir from his exile in Egypt.\n\nThey are however receiving serious opposition from close friends and commanders of the previous supreme leader, seeing this as nothing but a power-grab by the Princes to enlarge their own influence and push out the last of the loyal pan-Islamists. Led by Umar al-Mukhtār, esteemed war hero of both the Chadian and Italo-Turkish wars, this clique may pose an issue to the Princes if not dealt with adequately.
Tumultuous times are upon us.
Idris Speaks at the Third Arab Congress
Trying to gather foreign support for his claim on the Cyrenaican Emirate, Idris has used the Egyptian Arab Congress to sway the opinion of the gathered Arab notables and politicians. A prince of the Senussi family as well and strong supporter of Idris, Sayyid Hilal al-Sanusi of Jaghbub also went to the Egyptian capital, likely to discuss a way for Idris to retake the throne in his homeland. Although Egypt is likely to grant its support to the exiled prince, most eyes are turned towards Benghazi where the representatives of the Caliph are reporting the unfolding regency crisis to the Ottoman government in Kostantiniye.
Those foreigners have no business in internal affairs!
Scheming in Benghazi
Seemingly making it their mission to restore Idris to the throne of Cyrenaica, Egypt has through connections within the Benghazi business community started to buy the support of various tribal leaders and the uncertain Senussi Princes. Their efforts will be in vain however if they can't persuade the ageing Umar al-Mukhtar who remains steadfast in his support for the incapacitated Ibrahim. To tackle this 'issue', shadier proposals to tip the balance in favour of Idris have been proposed, including the termination of al-Mukhtars life through means of poison.\n\nIf the plot were to fail however, this can backfire badly as the network of allies maintained by al-Mukhtar is likely to retaliate against such a despicable act of treachery.
The plot succeeds!
al-Mukthar escapes death...
Death of al-Mukhtar
That death would arrive in due time for the ageing al-Mukhtar was undoubtedly true but many were still surprised by the speed at which his health deteriorated these last few days. Prominent commander of the Senussi forces and respected by all, his death comes as a heavy blow in these uncertain times and the ceremony in Ajdabiya attracted a crowd of thousands wishing to wave their hero a final goodbye. Prince Osman Fuad, leader of the Turkish forces in Libya during the Weltkrieg, was quick to send a letter to our government praising his friend and compatriot whilst in Kostantiniye the Chamber of Deputies showered his valiant deeds during the war with the highest praise.\n\nWith the death of the most prominent defender of the sickly Ibrahim, it seems unlikely anyone will stand in the way of a return to power by Idris. Some stragglers in the opposition remain however, pointing out how odd the sudden death of their leader was and accusing the supporters of Idris of poisoning. As Muslim tradition however forbids delayed funerals, they have no way to acquire proof of this supposed plot.
All of Cyrenaica salutes its hero!
Assassination Attempt on al-Mukhtar
Unrest is spreading through all of Cyrenaica as a plot to assassinate Umar al-Mukhtar was uncovered by close associates of the old guerrilla fighter. Outraged by this attack on his person and explicitly offended due to the choice of weapon, poison, for its cowardness, the commander has openly attacked the Senussi princes for their scheming and despicable actions. It is no secret that al-Mukhtar didn't hold a high opinion of the Princes, who he saw as having betrayed the values of the Senussi in exchange for earthly possessions. Whether this attack will have ramifications is as of yet unclear but if Mukhtar seeks to enact revenge, the Princes may soon find themselves under severe fire.
An outrageous affair!
Sayyid ‘Abid al-Sanusi Invites Idris to Kufra
With all serious opposition to the Idrisian loyalists dealt with, Sayyid ‘Abid al-Sanusi of Kufra has sent word to Cairo calling for the return of the legitimate heir. Idris was quick to respond to the request and arrived in Kufra with his honour guard to officially ascend the Cyrenaican throne. Hundreds of Cyrenaicans in Kufra flocked to the streets to watch their Emir arrive but it is unclear if this enthusiasm is shared by the citizens of the Green Mountain and the Murabtin Masamir tribe.
Long live the Supreme Leader!
Civil War in Cyrenaica
Outraged by the assassination attempt of al-Mukhtar, the tribal alliance that composes the Senussi state has fallen apart with former allies drawing swords to right wrongs. Umar al-Mukhtar himself hasn't called for any punitive actions and has even openly called those acting in his name to stand down and prevent further bloodshed amongst brothers but the dice have been rolled and there seems to be no immediate end to the fighting.\n\nThe situation is looking bleak for the Idrisi supporters as their cowardly act has shocked the Bedouin to their core as honesty and honour are pivotal for their way of life. The increasing decadence and passivity of the Princes had been deteriorating relations between the action-oriented middle commanders of the Order and the Princes themselves, which now prompted a violent outburst of these cropped up feelings.
May Allah ensure a swift end to the fighting!
Defeat of the Senussi Princes
The inter-tribal conflict, caused by the assassination attempt on Umar al-Mukhtar, has reached its violent conclusion today as a final attack on the religious capital of Jaghbub was prevented when the last remaining Prince, Sayyid Hilal al-Sanusi, decided to flee instead of putting up a last stand. With his departure, the followers of Ibrahim have declared themselves victorious. The Supreme Leader however seems unlikely to recover as the blow he received months ago still hasn't healed fully, leaving him to the mercy of his regency council.\n\nTo solve the question of leadership, the council has decided to disband itself and proclaim Umar al-Mukhtar as the official regent of the Emir. Whilst he initially refused to accept the offer, citing his old age and his own deteriorating health, he was ultimately convinced by his two close friends al-Fadil Bu-‘Umar and Yusuf Bu-Rahil.
May he maintain the peace in our lands!
Anniversary of the Treaty of Rome
Just a short twenty years ago, our struggle against the colonising oppressors ended in victory, as German and Austrian forces forced Italy to its knees. Celebrations for the anniversary are set to happen today in major cities, as we recall not only what we were, but what we could be!
A Grand Day!
The War of Independence Has Begun!
To Arms! As Libya prepares itself for the inevitable counter-attack from Turkish forces, our people rally behind our cause like never before. Even men from abroad, including many from Tunisia, have come to join our liberation struggle, albeit we are unable to determine if they are acting on the behalf of the Bey of Tunis, the French, or themselves.
March! To Victory!
Anti-Imperialist Rhetoric
Each day, more and more people here and abroad support our speeches against colonialism and imperialism. It will not be long before we have even syndicalists and republicans aiding our efforts in freeing Africa, for all see the folly and greed of the French and Germans.
Onwards!
What About the French Attack on Morocco?
Morocco, disconnected from other Cairo allies, will need every help it can get in the coming struggle! We should send aid in men and weapons to help it reach victory!
It's an ally we can't afford to lose.
It is rash to deal in such absolute conclusions.
Libyan Aid Arrives!
Our friends in Libya have sent us supplies and some men to aid in the war against the perfidious French invaders!
Huzzah!
Conflict in the Jabal
Trouble has been brewing between two of the largest Cyrenaican tribes as the Sa'adi tribes of the Bra'sa and 'Awagir have found themselves at odds over a matter of land distribution. The 'Awagir, larger than their counterpart have seen a recent increase in population due to some fortunate harvests and have started pushing into Bra'sa territory to feed their extra mouths. Evidently this has angered the Bra'sa who have sent a call to arms to their Murabtin fighters as a show of force and to deter further aggression.\n\nShots have already been fired between the two sides but thus far no casualties have been reported. The whole situation is a rather unfortunate situation for the Senussi Order as it seems impossible to please both sides.
Assist the Bra'sa, it's their land!
Assist the 'Awagir, we can't lose their support!
Border Friction in Western Egypt
After an unfortunate incident between an 'Abyadat trader and a Jwazi tribesman, it seems like the relations between the Cyrenaican and Western Egyptian tribes are once more coming to a head. As a retaliation for the supposed offence against the honour of the 'Aybadat tribe, a raid was launched by their Murabtin laying claim to at least a dozen sheep and plundering an outpost near the border. Worrying the Egyptian representatives in Siwa, they have demanded an answer to the issue and are calling on us to put an end to the fighting or they will take measures against our activities in the oasis town.
Compensate the Jwazi for their losses.
Punish the 'Abyadat!
This does not concern us.
Slavery on the Central African Route
Despite the best attempts of the colonial and Ottoman powers to outlaw slavery and fight its widespread use in the Maghreb, the incapacity of the Ottoman government to extend authority over the Libyan interior has caused a revitalising of the ancient trade routes linking the Sahel to the Maghreb. Mainly coming through Chad and Sudan, the oasis town of Kufra has started to develop itself as the capital of the trade seeing frequent visits from caravans and organising auctions to send their 'produce' all across the Maghreb.\n\nCalls from abroad to solve the issue have been rising steadily however and representatives of the Porte have been grilled severely over their inability to put an end to such inhumane practices. Nonetheless it seems unlikely that the trade will halt anytime soon as it provides a vital source of income for the Order and has enabled it to expand their influence as South as Mittelafrika.
It is as it is.
The Ottoman Economic Recession
Caused by the market crash in the German Empire, the internal market of the Ottoman Empire has suffered substantial blows as demand for agricultural produce in Europe, the main export, has collapsed.\n\nRipples of this crisis have moved to the Green Mountain of Cyrenaica where farmers have seen a decrease in prices for their wares on the markets of Benghazi. As our exports in and of itself are fairly negligible and only possible in excellent harvest years, the overall economy hasn't been hit too hard but there are fears amongst the traders that this could soon herald in a collapse of the caravan trade.
Most unfortunate.
Great Summit of the Cyrenaican Tribes
As has been done a few decades ago, our great leader has called for a gathering of all the Cyrenaican tribes both inside of our domain and the Western Egyptian desert. Even though most feuds and issues between the two groups were solved back then, a recent increase in disputes has prompted us to once more gather the tribes and reaffirm the bonds of friendship and support.\n\nAssembled in Jaghbub, the gathering went ahead with little issues and all representatives were able to return to their homes content with the solutions hashed out. Although there were calls from amongst the Senussi leadership to make the gathering a more common event, this was rebuked by the tribes themselves as fears of centralisation once more rose to prominence.
The bonds of cooperation strengthen us all!
French Attack Zawiya
In a brazen move, aimed at stopping our influence amongst their subjects the French army has sent a detachment deep into the Sahara to raid our oases. Supported with modern rifles and air support, our Ikhwan stood no chance at stopping them but we were able to harass the French columns before retreating back into the deserts.
We live to fight another day!
Caravan Lost
Disaster has struck in the Sahara as a whole caravan has seemingly disappeared amidst its mighty dunes. Scheduled to arrive last week at the next stop on the route, the caravan of at least a hundred camels never showed up and has left merchants at the trading post fearing for the worst.\n\nCarrying the riches of the dark continent, the economic loss is substantial and a number of the merchants have pleaded for aid at their local Zawiya in the hopes of covering their costs.
We shall burden the cost!
We cannot help them...
Caravan Plundered
Despite our best efforts to keep the Caravan safe, a group of raiders were able to defeat our protectors and have run off with the valuable goods carried by the caravan. Whilst this is a catastrophe for the traders along the route, it is also a great hit to our prestige as confidence in our capabilities to ensure the safety of the Trans-Saharan routes has gone down as a result.
Dammit!
France Closes Down Operations in Timbuktu
In an effort to gain better control over their Southern belt, the government in Algeria has sent Senegalese Tirailleurs to the desert city in the hopes of expelling our influence. Arresting traders linked to our operations, confiscating trading goods and setting fire to our Zawiya, all of our Brethren were forced to flee or hide themselves until the battalion returns home.
In an effort to gain better control over our Southern belt, We have sent Senegalese Tirailleurs to the desert city in the hopes of expelling Senussi influence from the region. Arresting traders linked to their operations, confiscating trading goods and setting fire to their Zawiya, all of their Brethren were forced to flee or hide themselves until our battalion returns home.
A dark day for the Order...
A bright day for France!
The Search for Zerzura
Rumoured to lay deep within the Libyan desert, the mythical oasis town of Zerzura has long enchanted European explorers. In writings dating back to the 13th century, the authors spoke of a city which was \
He is just chasing fairy tales.
Fall of Misratah
The centre of the Turkish community in Tripolitania and the de facto capital of the region since the end of the Weltkrieg, the fall of Misratah proved to be the final nail in the coffin of the Porte's representatives in Libya. The expulsion of Ottoman forces has however opened serious questions into the future of our state as the three regions of Libya (Tripolitania, Fezzan and Cyrenaica) differ greatly in their views on the future of the nation.\n\nFearful of the demographic and economic gravitas posed by Tripolitania, many in Fezzan are pushing for a federative government model in which they can retain their autonomy whilst in Cyrenaica many go even further. They believe that Cyrenaica and Tripolitania should not be united and that the two entities should remain independent of each other, further affirming the status that was bestowed on the Emirate of Cyrenaica during the Weltkrieg. In Tripolitania the situation is even more complex. Whilst many support a union of the 3 constituent states that make up Libya, they denounce the federal model as they believe it creates a powerless government incapable of solving the many issues that plague Libya. Another large group there aligns more closely with the views held by the Cyrenaicans and fight against the unification of the region in general, believing that only a republican model is fit for Tripolitania which is in sharp contrast with the Cyrenaican theocracy.
Together we shall make Libya strong!
Grant Tripolitania independence.
Grant Tripolitania independence. (Play as Tripolitania)
Formation of Political Parties
Whilst Cyrenaica has been mostly spared of the folly that is party politics due to its strict theocratic structure, the region of Tripolitania has been far closer linked to the Ottoman centre and has been especially susceptible to the changes induced by the Young Turk revolution in 1908 and the subsequent democratisation of the state. Liberals, conservatives, socialists and much more have had the time to develop themselves, laying the foundations for a modern Libyan Assembly.\n\nThis landscape has led to the creation of three main power blocs, mostly consisting of ex-Ottoman bureaucrats and powerful urban families. The Nationalist Party, headed by Ahmad Faqih Hasan, has taken many cues from the Kemalist movement and pleads for a unitary Libyan state in which religion is removed from the political scene. They renounce the Senussis as an institution, seeing it as detrimental to the wellbeing of the nation but have little means to contest them. The National Congress, headed by Bashir al-Saadawi is their main opposition and symbolises a fragile union of Berber and Arab interests that is willing to cooperate with the Senussis for the betterment of Libya. They too favour a unitary state but they are willing to let that temporarily slide to ensure the stability of the nation. Lastly there is the Labour Party, headed by Bashir ibn Hamza. They refuse any compromise with the Senussis who they see as a decadent, anti-Libyan institution. Whilst their membership is insignificant compared to the other two blocs, many are fearful of the capital the Internationale has granted the organisation and the influence of French and Italian activists in the Tripolitanian cities.
The daggers have been drawn...
Local Authorities Raise Taxes
Sensing easy profit in the caravan trade, local notables have started demanding larger cuts from the travelling merchants in exchange for passage through their lands and supplies from their oases. Our Zawiya has tried to intervene in the dispute but it is unlikely that the authorities will back down unless compensated through other means.
Make up their \
Let it slide.
Local Mufti Closes Zawiya
Weary of the ever expanding influence of the Senussi Order and their militant message, local members of the Ulemma have formed an alliance with the authorities to close down the Zawiya and rid their constituency of Senussi influence. Whilst this is a significant setback for our operations in the region, our Order has proven that it can bounce back with great ease once the temporary alliance of Ulemma and army inevitably breaks down.
We'll be back!
An Unexpected Encounter
A caravan from Kufra, after returning home, tells a story of having met a lone Bedouin boy in their travels. The boy appeared out of nowhere, followed by a fox he tamed, and asked the caravan headmaster to draw him a sheep - after some miscommunication, the headmaster draws a box and tells him a sheep is inside, which, surprisingly, the boy says is exactly what he wanted.\n\nAfter that incident, he travels with the caravan for a few days where he explains that he is a prince from a faraway world which he used to maintain by cleaning volcanoes and uprooting baobab saplings, and fell in love with a rose which grew on the planet, and that he wants to return home. A few days later, the boy suddenly vanished from caravan camp, and was found a few hours later dead from a snake bite.
The end of a thing marks the beginning of a new
The Second Almásy Expedition
Failing to find the mythical city of Zerzura, László Almásy has requested and received permission from the Ottoman representatives in Benghazi to explore the Southern Libyan desert and assist them in exploring the possibilities of 'border corrections' in favour of the Porte. Travelling from Wadi Halfa in Sudan to Uweinat then on to El Fasher, the veteran will be accompanied by prince Ferdinand of the House of Liechtenstein.
Let the Kafir have his fun
Rise of Pan-Arabism
Although any sort of real political parties remain completely absent in Cyrenaica, a small group of younger citizens in the urban centres of Derna and Benghazi has proven susceptible to the ideas of the modern Arab thinkers in Egypt. Creating political clubs, reading texts and tuning in to the radio broadcasts from Cairo, these youngsters are expressing their desires for the incorporation of Cyrenaica within a greater Arab state, ideally led from Cairo.\n\nMore disturbingly however, they are questioning the validity of the Sharia within modern society and are taking cues from both the Turks and the Egyptian Wafd concerning the secularisation of the state.
These youngsters don't know what's good for them!
Increasing Desert Glass Exports
A mysterious material, rumoured to possibly have extra-terrestrial origins, desert glass has seen a recent increase in popularity in European upper class society after a revitalisation of the Egyptian archaeological industry. Featuring prominently on many pieces of the Tutankhamun collection, discovered in 1923, many jewellers and other artisans for the richest of the rich have turned their eye to one of the most illusive materials on the planet, only found deep within the Libyan desert.
Interesting.
Crossroads of Destiny
With the swords finally drawn, the two most powerful states in the Middle East have opened hostilities. As various groups and people now see themselves forced to choose between either Egyptian or Ottoman support, many in Cyrenaica are posing the same question. Our army, whilst not as modern or large as the two behemoths, could play a crucial role in the conflict and is a desired commodity for both sides.\n\nOpinion is divided in Cyrenaica though as going against the Caliph would in some ways be a betrayal of the Pan-Islamist ideals held so dear by our Order. On the other hand, many have seen in the steadily decreasing role of the Caliphate in Ottoman politics an irreversible trend towards secularisation and Turkish supremacy which poses a direct threat to our fledgling Emirate.
The Ottoman Empire has exceeded its expiration date!
We will stand by the Caliph!
This war does not interest us.
Cyrenaica Remains Neutral
With war in the Levant raging on all sides, our high command had hoped to utilise the Senussi Order in Cyrenaica to flank the Egyptians and put a quick end to the war. These hopes were dashed today however as [LBA.GetLeader] has refused to extend any assistance to the crown, calling it a conflict between Egypt and Turkey that does not include them.
If they are not with us, then they are against us!
A most unfortunate situation.
Death of al-Mukhtar
Prominent commander of the Senussi forces and respected by all, his death comes as a heavy blow to the people of Cyrenaica and the ceremony in Ajdabiya attracted a crowd of thousands wishing to wave their hero a final goodbye. Prince Osman Fuad, leader of the Turkish forces in Libya during the Weltkrieg, was quick to send a letter to our government praising his friend and compatriot whilst in Kostantiniye the Chamber of Deputies showered his valiant deeds during the war with the highest praise.\n\nWith the death of this most ardent pan-Islamist and Libyan nationalist, a new era of instability begins for Cyrenaica as whilst he appointed a successor, many question whether he will be able to steer Cyrenaica towards the future without the prestige and gravitas of al-Mukhtar.
All of Cyrenaica salutes its hero!
Collapse of the French Colonial Empire
Disaster has struck the French reactionary state after being defeated in Africa against us and other allied forces. Although the French colonial army was able to put up a decent fight, the government saw no choice to withdraw from the African continent after its European centres of Oran, Algiers, Constantine and Tunis fell to enemy forces.\n\nThis day which has already been marked as one of the darkest in French history seems to have definitively marked the end of French colonialism in northwest Africa, and hopefully forever.
The imperialists are finally gone!
Peace with the Senussi Order?
Our military campaign in Tripolitania has been a far messier endeavour than originally thought. We have been unable to take back [450.GetName] after it was captured by the Senussi order, and all of Tripolitania has now fallen under rebel control. As we no longer have access to a port in the region, any further military endeavour would prove extremely challengine. Perhaps it would be best to accept the loss of Tripolitania, and avoid any further embarrassment.
Let's end the suffering.
Not so fast!
Expanded Zawiya Network
The vast Zawiya network of lodges has long proven to be a great asset. Now our friends in [From.GetNameDef] have expanded the network giving us access to even more resources. This will surely help us in the struggle against imperialism!
Useful indeed.
General Revolt in Fezzan
With war between the Senussi and the Ottoman state in full swing, various tribes in Fezzan have joined forces with Jaghbub. Whilst their numbers are small, the entire province has become uncontrollable by their actions and after the garrison at Murzaq was defeated, Tripoli has decided to withdraw all forces to Tripolitania.
This is only a small setback!
Civil War in the Jabal
As various tribes throughout Tripolitania sense an opportunity to rid themselves of Ottoman meddling, a civil war has broken out between those still supportive of our regime and those aligned with the Senussi cause.\n\nWith only the garrisons in Misrata and Tripoli fully reliable, it seems that we have lost control over almost the entire regency.
We'll be back!
Fall of Benghazi
As fighting broke out on the streets of Benghazi between pro-Ottoman and anti-Ottoman forces, the Ottoman garrison was forced to surrender to the advancing Senussi army. A fire of which the origin is currently unknown is furthermore laying waste to the Eastern side of the city and has caused many of the residents to flee towards the coastline where vessels of the Ottoman navy have been repurposed to aid those still trapped inside.\n\nWith the loss of Benghazi, Ottoman rule in Cyrenaica is now completely over. Many of the European and Turkish minorities in the city are fearful of possible Senussi retaliation and have decided to flee the city.
A dreadful event.
Senussi Loyalists Restore the Emirate
Although the garrisons in Libya tried their best to curb the power of the Senussi order, they were never able to completely crush the movement which fled deeper and deeper into the desert without ever fully surrendering. With Egyptian troops crossing the Sinai and many amongst the Arab soldiers of the Ottoman army questioning their own loyalty, various notables, tribes and military figures in Cyrenaica have restored Idris I to the throne. Whether their revolt will be successful or just another nuisance will be for the future to decide but it most definitely poses a significant threat to our holdings in Tripolitania.
To arms!
Tripolitania Pursues Closer Ties
Unlike our other provinces in Mashriq and Egypt, the people of Tripolitania never shared the same hatred for the late Ottoman government. Their distance to the capital and the loose policy of the Porte in the region led to a large degree of autonomy, although the formation of nationalist thought never really took off. Divided amongst sectarian and tribal lines, there is a certain adherence to a Tripolitanian idea but few dared see this out of the Ottoman whole.\n\nWith the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, the former province finds itself in a difficult situation. Lacking the means to embark on state building and without the capital to create a self-sufficient economy, they have approached what remains of the Turkish Empire to embark on a programme of mutual assistance, exchanging cultural ideas and strengthening the economic ties.
We salute our Tripolitanian brethren.
Creation of the Turkish-Tripolitanian Economic Union
Weeks of planning between representatives from the governments in [773.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and Tripoli have ended in celebration today as the Turkish Grand Vizier came to Tripoli to sign the historic treaty. Linking the fate of the two nations more closely, a customs union has been established with immediate effect. Furthermore investments have been promised by Turkish companies to help rebuild the failing Tripolitanian economy and a direct airline linking the two capitals has seen a ceremonious opening.
Unity makes Strength!
Cooperation with the Tripolitanian Free National Bloc
On the world's stage a complete mystery, the Free National Bloc has been stirring heads in Tripoli lately as its open pro-Internationale rhetoric and admiration for syndicalism has made policy makers throw a glance at an otherwise irrelevant spot on the map. Boasting no industry to speak of, illiterate almost to the last man and offering very little resources its geographical position could nonetheless prove essential in warding off any threat from the Pied Noirs.\n\nTo this end, observers from all across the Internationale have flocked down to Tripoli in the hopes of decisively pulling the nation into our alliance. Despite the boasting of their leader, Faqih Hasan, many in our own nations are doubting whether Tripoli wouldn't prove to be a liability rather than an asset, furthermore pointing out that the \
We are nonetheless thankful for their praise.
Tripolitania Applies for the Phalanstère
Led by the energetic Faqih Hasan, the government in Tripoli has exchanged its flirtations with the Internationale for a direct plea for assistance. Hit severely by the collapse of the Ottoman Empire, the already fledgling economy of Tripolitania has been sent in a downwards spiral with no end in sight.\n\nTo remedy this catastrophe and with no aid forthcoming from either the capital lacking Cairo Pact or the German alliance, they are now calling on the Internationale to support their comrades across the Mediterranean. The lack of genuine socialism in the nation is however causing trouble in the anti-colonial committee as even though Hasan's government strives for many similar programmes like us such as secularism and support of Labour Unions, a radical transformation of society seems unlikely to occur.
It is our duty to assist the downtrodden!
What do we have to gain from this again?
Tripolitania Applies for the Internationale
Following up their reliance on the Internationale for military and economic assistance, a plan has been devised between the Libyan authorities and our General Staff to open a front against the Pied Noirs in North Africa and as such support the Algerian resistance in their efforts to rid themselves of the reactionary and oppressive regime. Many doubts remain however, mainly centred around the potential of the Tripolitanian army to stand its ground against the armies of Algiers and that through the participation of the Tripoli government in the Weltkrieg and its subsequent defeat we will lose an important partner of the African resistance.
We stand shoulder to shoulder for the liberation of Africa!
There is no need for rash decisions
The Internationale Delays
Unwilling to discuss the matter of Tripolitanian acceptance into the Internationale, the French government has sent our representatives packing whilst they reconsider their position in the Maghreb.
This is an outrage!
Tripolitania Applies for the Cairo Pact
Unwilling to compromise its diplomatic position until the divide between Cyrenaica and Tripolitania was mended, the Tripoli government has today officially applied for membership in the Cairo Pact. Supporting the Arab cause, the Tripolitanian-Egyptian Unification Party has likely played a non-insignificant role in this change of policy and should be watched closely in the future if we are looking to extend our domains to the West.
Welcome to the Pact!
It would be better for us if they remain neutral.
[FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Delays
Unwilling to discuss the matter of Tripolitanian acceptance into the Cairo Pact, the Egyptian government has sent our representatives packing whilst they reconsider their position in the Maghreb.
This is an outrage!
Tripoli Proposes Unification
Fiercely supportive of the Pan-Arab ideals, the new government in Tripoli has spoken out firmly in favour of a Union between their nation and Egypt which they see as the new capital of Arabia. Whilst many in Egypt are supportive of further expanding the Arab ideals, others question whether the addition of the impoverished, illiterate and unstable province is really a priority right now.
We accept their offer!
Let's not do anything too hasty.
The Future of the Tripolitanian Republic
With the proclamation of the First Tripolitanian Republic now a fact, the question arises which course we will embark on.\n\nThe Free National Bloc of Faqih Hasan has been causing shockwaves both before and after the Levantine War as his message of a modern, strong Arab state has received wide appeal from the younger generation who has grown disillusioned with the old systems of the Porte and listens filled with revolutionary fervour to the broadcasts of Radio Free Cairo and the Arab Liberation Front in Paris.\n\nNonetheless their revolutionary message and questionable adherence to the faith has left many of the older guard unconvinced. Built on the tribal alliances of yonder, the United National Front promises a strong government with the greatest respect for the Faith whilst also standing unwaveringly in favour of the Arab cause.\n\nThirdly there is the city of Misrata, Tripolitania's largest city, whose unwavering loyalty to former Ottoman commander Ramadan al-Suwayhli poses a significant threat to the democratic notions of the other parties. As his influence over the remnants of the former Ottoman army remains significant and his prestige from the Weltkrieg is unquestioned by all Tripolitanians, many are fearful that he may install himself and his allies \
The Free National Bloc takes control.
The United National Front takes control.
al-Suwayhili takes power.
Ibrahim ibn Ahmad as-Sharif
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Kufra District, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Senussi Regency Council
§YFounded:§! §LDecember 1937, in Ajdabiya, Emirate of Cyrenaica§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Grandmaster on the Senussi Order is no longer fit to rule, and a Regency Council has been convened before a potential successor emerges§!
Idris I
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1890, in Jaghbub, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Umar al-Mukhtār
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1858, in Benghazi, Eyalet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Yousaf Borahil Al-Msmare
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Omar Shegewi
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Safi al-Din bin Muhammad as-Sharif
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1895, in Jaghbub, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Omar Faiek Shennib
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Derna, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Senussi Cartographers
Senussi Spy Ring
Well Armed Bannermen
Pliant Authorities
As-Siddig al-Mutassir
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Yousef Borheil al-Massari
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Senussi Military Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Bashir ibn Hamza
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Ahmad Faqih Hasan
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Bashir Saadawi
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in al-Khums, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Sadiq ibn Zarra
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Salim Bey al-Muntasir
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Ramadan al-Suwayhili
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Misrata, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
'Ali Rajab
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Mahmud al-Muntasir
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1903, in Misrata, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdul Majid Kubar
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1909, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdul Salam al-Buseiri
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Tripoli-of-the-West, Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammad Sakizli
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Ali Aneizi
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
Salim B. Abd al-Nabi
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in the Vilayet of Tripolitania, Ottoman Empire§!
