Switzerland Focus Tree
U-Boot
Swiss Cities
Swiss Regions
Swiss Geography
Swiss Leaders
Swiss Battles
Savoyard Crisis
Romandy Secedes from Switzerland
Referendum: Combat the Economic Crisis
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the government to introduce sweeping austerity measures to combat the economic crisis caused by the recent collapse of the Berlin Stock Exchange.
Referendum: On the Transport of Goods
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the revision of a law that would standardise the transportation of goods and animals on public roads, and would limit this transportation in favour of governmental transport.
Referendum: Reorganise the Army
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the reorganisation of the army along the German model. Such a reorganisation would necessitate the invitation of German military advisors and result in temporary disorganisation in the military.
Referendum: The Status of Freemasonry
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the banning of secret societies such as Freemasonry and other secret politicised gatherings.
Referendum: The National Protection Act
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to grant greater powers to Swiss police forces to arrest and detain without trial, in the interest of maintaining public order, and to combat subversive threats in the nation, such as the threats posed by extremist movements in the Romandie region.
Referendum: Ban Syndicalist Unions
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to ban the formation of and participation in unions or other political organisations that follow the Syndicalist manifesto or adhere to strong Syndicalist beliefs. This measure is designed to curb extremist influence in Switzerland and restore stability in the nation.
Referendum: Official Languages
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to include Romansch as an official language in Switzerland. Including Romansch as an official language would serve to include those who have previously felt as outcasts into the national government.
The Savoyard Crisis
Agitated by supporters in the neighbouring French Commune, local Syndicalist revolutionaries in Romandie and Haute-Savoie have made a move against the Swiss national government. This uprising has become internationally known as \
Bend to France
Germany has abandoned us, and no other nation has taken up our cause in the face of the French behemoth. Is it not better, then, to join the French rather than be crushed by the Syndicalist tide?
Enemies on All Sides
Germany to the North has betrayed us. France to the West has seized our land, backed by Italy to the South. Austria to the East pays us no heed. We are surrounded by enemies and traitors on all sides. The Swiss people have no friends but themselves, and none other.
Aid from Germany
In the face of outright aggression from the French, Germany has answered our calls for aid and stands firmly with the Swiss people in their stand against Syndicalism. With Germany by our side, we can beat back the French hordes and secure our borders with German aid.
The Black Spot of Europe
There is a Black Spot forming in the centre of Europe, where few enter, and few leave. The Swiss people have made their nation an impenetrable fortress bristling with xenophobia and myriad interweaving fortresses, content for now to their self-imposed isolation.
Defend the Borders
Our borders are in danger of being violated. It is our duty to remind our neighbours that we are a sovereign nation that will not be trampled upon again by an imperialist foreign power.
Referendum: Abolish the Federal Government
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to abolish the current Federal Government and reconstitute a new government to be decided upon by the Swiss people, and approved by invited guests from the neighbouring French Commune.
Economic Assistance from Mitteleuropa
Switzerland is not a nation gifted with an abundance of natural resources. Creating a flow of men and materiel from Mitteleuropa to Switzerland will allow us to sustain our fragile economy in the face of French aggression.
Joint Military Command
Our military command is enthusiastic but green in the field. We must reorganise our command structure to integrate our own forces with the massive German military. This joint command will increase the effectiveness of both nation's armies in the unforgiving Swiss Alps.
Expel Foreign Agents
It is through the corruption of foreign influences that we have found ourselves in this political hole, surrounded on all sides by those who want to seize our lands and destroy our culture. They must be expelled if our nation is to survive.
Free the Verdingkinder
The Verdingkinder, or \
All Citizens Serve
It is not enough to simply draft the men in defence of Switzerland. The women, the children, the elderly. Our neighbours can field armies of millions, so we too must field an army of equal size to combat these threats.
Fill the Gold Reserves
To form the backbone of our new economy, the Swiss Bank's gold reserves must be filled and preserved with large quantities of gold that will anchor our currency for generations to come.
The Government Has Failed
The current model of the Swiss government has proven wholly weak and ineffective in protecting Switzerland from the vultures that circle her. Drastic governmental reform and a strong leading hand are needed if Switzerland is to continue as a free and independent nation.
One Swiss People, One Swiss Language
For too long have the Swiss people bent to the wills of our neighbours and spoken in their tongues. It is time for Switzerland to abandon these foreign languages and only conduct official business in the German language, the one true language of Switzerland.
Avenge Those Lost in Geneva
Years ago, the brave workers of Geneva stood up for their rights and freedoms, and were brutally struck down by the old capitalist regime. Now we can properly honour those heroes who gave their lives to lay the foundations for the modern Syndicalist Switzerland we know and love today.
Geistige Landesverteidigung
The national spirit of Switzerland focuses on a strong defence in the face of foreign invasion. The Swiss people do not fight for imperialist ambitions, but to defend their neighbours and their homes.
Beat Back the French
After securing our position from the National Redoubt, it is time to gather our forces and mount a large counterattack in order to fight the French off of our land. Once beaten back, we can work with our German allies and march into the Commune itself.
Alliance with Austria
Responding to our calls for aid, our longtime neighbour the Austrian Empire has responded and promised to defend our sovereignty against French aggression. With the aid of a power such as Austria, we are surely capable of holding against the French invaders.
The Swiss Miracle
A combination of strong economic policies, a healthy bank stocked with gold, and a dash of luck have combined to birth an economic boom the likes of which Switzerland has never seen. Dubbed \
Réduit
Switzerland's defensive mindset centres around a series of mountain fortresses and fortifications that make Switzerland an impenetrable obstacle. This prideful spirit of defence drives our forces onwards to a glorious victory.
A Modern Rütlischwur
Over 600 years ago our ancestors gathered on the Rütli to swear the oath of the Swiss Confederacy. Now, on the eve of our rebirth, we must gather representatives from the Unions across Switzerland to swear a new oath, one forming the foundation of the new Syndicalist age.
Found the National Unions
Outside of Romandie, Syndicalist Unions have failed to make significant gains politically and are struggling with their newfound power. We must support and officially recognise the authority these Unions now have in the government.
Fortress St. Gotthard
Fortress St. Gotthard forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Fortress St. Maurice
Fortress St. Maurice forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Fortress Sargans
Fortress Sargans forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Retreat to the National Redoubt
The betrayal of the Romandie Cantons and the advance of the French forces has put us in an unfavourable position. We cannot hope to hold the line at the border, it is best that our military retreat to our prepared defences in the National Redoubt as we regroup and prepare our counterattack.
Winning the Cultivation Battle
Switzerland is not a nation blessed with an abundance of natural resources. For centuries Swiss farmers have fought a battle against the harsh mountain climates to grow enough crops to feed the nation. Now that war looms on the horizon, we must subsidise these farmers to make Switzerland self-sufficient.
The Bircher Plan
Major General Eugen Bircher has put forth a plan to defend the nation that involves pursuing a more traditional war with a larger army and a central, mobile force that would seek set-piece battles. Choosing this plan would commit the nation to fighting a war centred around a mobile army with as many offensive moves as defensive.
The Guisan Plan
Lieutenant Colonel Henri Guisan has put forth a plan to defend the nation that involves a stoic defence and continued usage of the pre-prepared fallback lines and fortresses that would ensure a campaign of guerrilla warfare throughout our nation. Accepting his plan would mean moving forward with a plan to fight a purely defensive war.
Activate the Border Guard
We must first activate the civilian Border Guard units and flood our outer defences with soldiers in a show of force against outside aggression. The Swiss people will flock in droves to our defence, and only the staunchest of foes would dare break themselves upon our walls.
The Rütlirapport
What the troops need to perform effectively is a strong leader who will lead them through the darkness to victory. Henri Guisan is prepared to be that man, and has gathered a large amount of soldiers to inspire with his words.
By Bullet or Bayonet
If Switzerland is to fall to foreign aggressors, she will not go down without a fight. By bullet or by bayonet the Swiss people will fight for every inch of land and throw our enemies back from our lands.
Resist to the End
Even after the battles are lost and are armies driven from the field, our enemies can not rest easy. It is the duty of the Swiss people to resist in everything they do, and to stop the enemy in every way they can.
Assemble the Ski Divisions
The Swiss Ski Divisions have a mastery of the Alpine terrain and should be moved into a single, cohesive unit capable of making a decisive strike against our enemies. Properly equipping and expanding these forces will give us a powerful tool to use in the fights to come.
Active Defence
The best defence is a good offence. It is not good enough to simply sit behind or lines. We must make active manoeuvres and strike at the enemy whenever we are given an opportunity, so that we may eventually drive him from our lands entirely.
The Schweizerische Flugwaffe
The Swiss Air Force has not seen a major change in composition since the end of the Weltkrieg. Our planes are old and decrepit, and in drastic need of an overhaul. We must begin an immediate modernisation of our air force so as not to be left behind.
Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks
The Swiss National Bank is the strong economic arm of the entire country, handling the finances of the vast majority of the population and the government alike. Subsidising and assisting the bank in its operations, and allowing for bank secrecy when dealing with account holder funds, will serve to boost the economy as we recover from the Black Monday disaster.
Free our Skies
Our terrestrial defences are strong, but can be easily weakened in the face of enemy air superiority. We should focus heavily on maintaining air superiority in order to keep our enemies at bay.
Expand the Alpine Rhine Crossing
Our border with Austria is complicated by rivers and mountains that make traversing the terrain slow and difficult. Expansion of these passages between our two nations will enhance the Austrian's ability to send troops and materials to our aid when advancing westwards into the Commune.
Create Economic Lifelines
The conflict with France has severed many of our traditional routes of supply. As a landlocked nation, we rely heavily on land routes through friendly nations in order to receive the resources we need for survival. We must expand these network in order to fuel our war effort and maintain the flow of goods.
New Fighters
It is not enough to copy the designs of other nation's militaries. Funding a new initiative to design a truly Swiss fighter will reduce our dependence on foreign militaries for supplies and equipment.
Call for International Aid
Our own forces are insufficient, but we hold the moral high ground in this obviously unwarranted conflict. By pleading with every nation that will listen for aid, maybe we can scrape together enough assistance to turn the tide.
Formalise the Volunteer Divisions
With a new flow of foreign volunteers established, it is now only a matter of organising this trickle of able-bodied men into cohesive fighting units. Mixing these volunteer units with proper Swiss soldiers will strengthen their backbone and improve their organisation the battlefield.
Hold the Limmat Line
Even with a world power on our side, we must still find a way to hold the line against the French aggressors. We cannot win alone, so we must use every advantage available to us to survive long enough for foreign intervention to save the day.
Learn German Tactics
Joining our military command with Germany's has taught us that our own military tactics are woefully behind the times. The new doctrine of the German Army can be taught to our troops in order to bring our troops up to our Ally's standards.
Alpine Airfields
The lofty peaks of the Swiss Alps provide many areas for us to construct new airfields for military use. The altitude of these airfields will make them difficult for the enemy to seize or destroy in war.
Nationalise SwissAir
Our air force is lacking in trained pilots and serviceable planes. In light of this crisis, we must take advantage of every possible plane we can get our hands on. One proposition is to nationalise all civilian planes and recruit their pilots, mechanics, and radiomen into our own air force.
Airborne Border Raids
We should look to use our air force not only as a defensive force, but also as a force capable of striking deep into enemy territory. Performing these cross-border raids into enemy territory will let our enemies know that we are capable of more than simple defensive actions.
Camouflaged Anti-Air Emplacements
The mountainous terrain of the Alps creates a multitude of areas where we can create new defensive AA emplacements to defend our skies. Such a network of emplaced defences will make any air force rethink their plans to invade our airspace.
The New Swiss Army
Through reform and new military leadership, the Swiss Army of today is all but unrecognisable compared to the army that marched in drill but a few short years ago. This new army is tough, veteran, and ready to take on the world.
Expand The Coal Mines
The National Coal Mines provide the strong economic foundation on which the Swiss economy is built. Expanding their operations will increase our economic output exponentially.
Reverse the Economic Downturn
After the disastrous hit to our economy that was Black Monday, it has become clear the government needs to take immediate action in order to save the Swiss economy from suffering a complete meltdown.
War Profiteering
Our neighbour's losses are our gains. Selling weapons to our neighbours as they kill each other in senseless conflict can only serve to strengthen our own position when the time comes to fight.
Striving for Economic Self-Sufficiency
All aspects of the Swiss economy rely heavily on foreign imports in order to survive. We must work to move as many industries as possible inside of our own borders to reduce our reliance on foreign powers and encourage our economy to rely on internal sources for production.
Licence Foreign Designs
Foreign aircraft have proven to be deadly and effective in recent wars. Our own aircraft industry is in its infancy. Perhaps the best idea is to instead licence foreign designs rather than having to spend valuable resources researching our own Swiss aircraft.
The Trans-Alpine Railway Tunnels
The tunnels running beneath the Alps form a powerful economic lifeline that cross through the centre of Europe. Expanding these tunnels will increase our ability to profit from our control of these railways.
Promote the Swiss Franc
The economic systems of our neighbours have seen disastrous free falls in the wake of Black Monday. This has affected the strengths of their currencies, and confidence in the financial markets has fallen. Promoting the Swiss franc as the viable alternative to the failing German mark will serve to boost our own economy in the face of this economic crisis.
Sell Wehr Bonds
Promotion of the Swiss Franc has begun boosting our economy, but the government is still heavily in debt. We must turn to the people in order to support the government in the face of war.
Found the Military Intelligence Service
As a small nation in the centre of Europe, we cannot hope to win on strength alone. We must found a new intelligence service that can solve our problems before they can snowball out of control, and give us powerful intelligence on the moves of our enemies.
NEMA Modell 45
Developed as a replacement for the ageing German ciphers used by the Swiss Army prior to the Second Weltkrieg, the NEMA represents the nation's interests in ensuring that no other nation no matter how friendly, can read our mail.
Issues of the Day
For many issues of public importance in Switzerland, the people are allowed to vote in nation-wide referendums, where the outcome is determined by popular vote. Focusing our efforts on these issues will ensure that we tackle the societal problems that people find important in their daily lives.
Join the Vienna Circle
The Austrians have recently made overtures to other nations close to them to participate in the Vienna Circle, a centre of technological advancement and learning in the heart of the Austrian Empire. Joining such a programme would no doubt allow us to enjoy the fruit of these technological advancements.
Strengthen Formal Ties
Our continued relationship with Austria in our fight against Syndicalism is the lifeline keeping our nation from total collapse. We must make moves to ensure that this relationship holds for as long as we face a common foe.
Never Another Geneva
The Geneva Strikes of the early 1930s were caused by a failing and inefficient government. We have made steps to reform that government, but there are many who seek protections against such a tragedy ever occurring again. Thus the Syndicalist Unions are to be given their own military powers, so that the power rests solely in the hands of the Trade Unions.
Found the Helvetic Commune
The people of Switzerland have made their wills clear. The crimes and failings of the past were caused by a government too strong for its own good, and too disconnected from the people, wallowing in its capitalist greed. Thus a new government must be formed, a government run solely by the people, and for the people.
A Stronger Hand is Needed
The people of Switzerland have made their will clear. The crimes and failings of the past were caused by lack of protection from foreign influences. The common people cannot defend against such aggression by themselves. Thus a strong state is necessary to safeguard the nation's future comrades. For we are the only thing standing between you and them.
Loyalty to the State
We must encourage loyalty to the state whenever possible, so that we may foster both a populace and a military that values the strength of the government and its ability to protect the people.
Consolidate Governmental Power
There are dissenting voices still within the government and in the streets that oppose the takeover of the government by loyal nationalist forces. These voices are muted, for now, but a consolidation is necessary if we are to identify and \
Fortress Defences
If our enemies are so keen to attack us in our homes, then we will make such a network of interconnected fortifications that the very idea of assaulting Switzerland will fill the enemy with dread, as they imagine the many millions it will take to gain even a single kilometre of our land.
Encourage Militarism
Only through show of arms can we secure our nation's future. To this end, it is important that we instil a strong sense of national pride in all citizens of the nation, so that they will fight to the bitter end to defend their home and their state.
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy's purpose is to investigate the use of both nuclear power in providing for our nation's energy needs, and to evaluate the requirements for the advancement of a weaponised nuclear programme for the defence of the nation.
Expand our Intelligence Operations
With the world falling to chaos, the Military Intelligence Service must be called upon again and again to undertake more dangerous and more dubious tasks to defend the nation. Expanding their areas of influence and operational capacities will help them resolve whatever problem comes their way. No matter how unsavoury.
Transition to a Motorised Force
Our military is almost entirely composed of foot infantry and horse-drawn support. Our troops are slow to move and our supplies even slower to arrive. It is important that we invest in motorisation to keep our troops from fighting the next war with the last war's equipment.
Invest in the Nahkampfkanone
The Nahkampfkanone, an experimental Swiss AT Destroyer, has shown great promise in its initial field tests. This project has shown that we are capable of designing our own armoured vehicles, and that we should continue to invest in similar projects.
Leichte Brigaden
Our initial motorisation efforts have proved most successful, but there is still more to do. In Germany, new mechanised Leichte Brigaden have begun to show promise as the fighting force of the future, and it is only wise that we follow in their footsteps and invest in our own mechanised forces.
Reform the Pilot Schools
In the interwar period, our fighters relied on an informal school of training that involved local instructors and wildly differing levels of competence. Now that the Air Force is being reformed into a strong and professional force, we must take care to standardise our pilot training school to improve the quality of our pilots nationwide.
Bambini-Code
Bambini-Code is a brevity code recently developed to allow for easy communication between our fighter squadrons in the heat of combat. Its use has proven wildly effective, and promoting and requiring its use among our pilots will drastically improve their ability to perform against their counterparts.
Surveillance Squadrons
The establishment of the Surveillance Squadrons will allow us to gain intelligence through fighter patrols in and around our borders while also maintaining a large nighttime presence.
Flugzeugwerk Emmen
Flugzeugwerk Emmen is the nation's first dedicated aircraft factory, and is designed to construct the first of many planes in the Swiss Air Force.
Strategic Bombing Initiatives
The acceleration of our previous raiding campaigns have taught us that if we are to continue, we must invest in large strategic bombing forces. These forces will allow us to project our power across the continent while maintaining our air force entirely within the confines of Switzerland.
New Defensive Fortifications
Our previous projects have given us extensive experience and knowledge in the proper construction and design of fortifications. We can take advantage of this knowledge and create new defensive networks wherever they are needed.
Electrify the Railways
Our nation is one with twisting roadways and extensive railways that connect cities separated by large mountain ranges. It is important that we update and maintain our extensive rail networks so that we may move goods and soldiers around the nation as easily as possible. Electrifying tour rail lines with power from our hydroelectric dams will ensure they run as efficiently as possible.
National Canton Development Initiative
We must make a concerted effort to develop all regions of the nation equally. To this end, we must allow the Cantons autonomy in their own development and construction of infrastructure, as well as to empower the Bureau of Mining of the Federal War, Industry and Employment Office to create a national survey of the nation's natural resources for exploitation.
Subsidise Schmolz + Bickenbach
Switzerland is a nation with few national resources of its own. Schmolz + Bickenbach is one of the few Steel corporations operating inside of the country. If Switzerland is to become self-sufficient in Steel production, we will need to fund their efforts.
Swiss on the High Seas
Switzerland is a traditionally landlocked nation with no direct access to the high seas, however, this does not prevent us from fielding a fleet of our own. Whether it is a militarised navy or one of maritime commerce, the Swiss will sail the seas as proud as any other nation on earth.
Subsidise Oerlikon-Bührle
Oerlikon-Bührle is the largest producer of arms and artillery in the nation. Their weapons constitute almost half of our nations arms exports, and giving them valued government subsidies will not only increase their productivity but ensure our soldiers are equipped with the highest quality weapons.
The Swiss War Economy
The war is becoming a large drain on our stockpiles of arms and ammunition. Our trade with foreign powers is not only insufficient, but unreliable. We must transition not only our industrial quarters but all parts of our society to a war footing if we are to produce enough weapons to last the conflict.
Expand the Shipyards
Our military adventures have found us currently in possession of several large shipyards. These shipyards, the first in our nation's history, could be used to produce the large blue-water navy that the Swiss people have only ever dreamed of.
Focus on the Merchant Marine
Investing into a strong military navy would be a waste. By the time hostilities have ended, our navy will still be in its infancy. Meanwhile, we could instead use this time to invest heavily into our merchant marine, the voyages of which could directly impact our international trade and bring back tidy profits.
Focus on a Militarised Navy
Rather than wasting our time focusing on trade, we should instead use our new naval facilities to facilitate the creation of a completely new Swiss Navy, one which can fight the navies of the other world powers.
Expanding into Seaborne Trade
The Swiss economy is on an upswing that will last for years to come. Now that we have sea access, it is our best interests to keep this momentum and begin investing into nautical trade routes to expand our wealth.
A Centre of Maritime Commerce
Our continued investment into the merchant marine and maritime trade, combined with the strong state of the Swiss economy, has allowed our ports to be known as strong centres of trade worldwide, with the economic gains from these cities flowing freely into our treasury.
Brown Water to Blue Water Navy
The Lakes Flotilla of Switzerland now finds itself in possession of all of the facilities and materiel necessary to form a proper naval force. This newly created Swiss Navy must quickly adapt itself to combat on the high seas, or be sunk.
Naval Bomber Development
A combination of research into traditional bomber forces and naval innovations, the new Swiss naval bombers will drastically increase our ability to project power across the waves.
Expand the Lakes Flotilla
While we move forward with our transition to a fully blue water navy, it is still of vital importance that we support the Lakes Flotilla, for they protect the waterways in and around Switzerland from outside aggression.
Naval Officer Training
Switzerland's naval activities in previous years has consisted only of merchant marine sailors and the brown water Lakes Flotilla. We must take these few experienced men we can, and use them to train the next generation of proud Swiss sailors for our navy.
Swiss Ship Designs
While we have come into the possession of new naval facilities, a first for this formerly landlocked state, we cannot move forward with a fleet without first investing in ship designs. Switzerland's naval tradition is small, and thus we must move forward to design a new fleet of ships as soon as possible to begin our training.
Christening the EKS Helvetia
After several gruelling months of work, it is time for great celebration as the Swiss Navy officially christens its first ocean going naval vessel. The EKS Helvetia is the first of many in the new Swiss Fleet, and will serve as our first flagship as the Swiss Navy joins the great oceangoing fleets of this age.
Swiss beneath the Waves
While we have found ourselves in possession of large naval facilities and dockyards, it is not feasible to create a large traditional fleet. Instead we should focus on cheap and efficient submarines, so that we can project power without the decades-long investments a surface fleet requires.
The Landlocked Fleet
Our nation was formerly a landlocked state, one that could not properly project its power on the high seas. Now we find ourselves in the possession of multiple dockyards, and as an ascendant naval power. It is our duty to create a surface fleet that can go toe-to-toe with the old powers.
Peace and Reconciliation
We have made it through the Savoyard Crisis with no Swiss blood being shed. We have realised that violence is not always the answer, and maintaining our neutrality in the face of conflict is what makes us strong. We can move forward from this crisis as a newer and stronger nation.
Diplomatic Mission to the Commune
The source of the crisis in Haute-Savoie was our extremely sour relations with our large neighbour, the Commune of France. We have had poor relations for over a decade, and it is time for this era of rivalry to end. We will send a diplomatic mission to Paris to try and hammer out a diplomatic solution to our confrontations and try and befriend France, rather than fight them.
Embrace Our Neutrality
The Swiss people are known far and wide as a people who value the strength of neutrality. Having survived the Savoyard Crisis without surrendering our values, we have proven that neutrality is a virtue. We should embrace this philosophy across the nation.
Beacon of Peace and Prosperity
Switzerland has been through a series of tough trials and society-shattering crises, but has stood tall through all of them. Even as nations around us fight and squabble over their totalitarian empires, we stand tall in the middle of Europe as a burning beacon of peace and prosperity in the middle of the storm.
Reclaim the Nation
It is not by hiding in our homes and bracing for the coming tides that we shall weather the storm. It is by taking what is and has always been rightfully ours. The people must be united behind a common cause, and this cause is to take what our enemies have stolen from us.
Integrate the Militias
The true heroes of the Savoyard Crisis are the brave men of the anti-syndicalist militias. Their support helped us strengthen our nation, but it is now time to integrate the political militias into our armed forces, so they can fight for our great nation once again.
The Refugee Question
Switzerland has had a liberal immigration policy since the late 19th century. However it has become apparent that many of these migrants and refugees are to blame for many of our problems. While others have shown too much cowardice to stand up to international emigration, we must act to change our immigration policy.
An Army of the People
With the government overthrown, and the people put in control, it is now time to establish a new fighting force for Switzerland. We no longer need the figureheads of the past, the people shall lead our new army!
Dealing with the Senior Staff Officers
While the vast majority of the 'Old Guard' has fled to Germany, some loyal officers still remain. However, letting them lead our armies may alienate those who fought for the revolution.
Rebuilding Our Officer Corps
Our French allies have generously provided their support in training new officers for our military. With their support, we can rebuild the strong leadership our army has always depended on.
The Swiss Liberators
Our people fought valiantly for the revolution, and it is now time to turn that fighting spirit towards our borders. The imperialist threat is greater than ever, and we will have to fight to defend our freedom.
The memories of the event in Geneva has faded away from the public consciousness.
§YThis will usher a new era of friendship between [159.owner.getNameDef] and [SWI.getNameDef].§!
§RThis may have grave consequences...§!
§RThis may result in war!§!
§YA Plesbicite will be held in Campione within the next 60 days.§!
§GThe People of Campione have Spoken!§!
§GWe shall come back to this later while waiting for a more favourable circumstances in Italy.§!
Brown, Boveri & Cie
PTT
Lonza Elektrizitätswerke
Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft
Oerlikon
Schmolz + Bickenbach AG
Sulzer AG
FBW
Eidgenössische Konstruktionswerkstätte
Berna
Eidgenössisches Flugzeugwerk
Dornier-Werke Altenrhein AG
Pilatus
Werner Risch
Geistige Landesverteidigung
The national spirit of Switzerland focuses on a strong defence in the face of foreign invasion. The Swiss people do not fight for imperialist ambitions, but to defend their neighbours and their homes.
The Military Intelligence Service
The Military Intelligence Service is our main intelligence branch and its operations safeguard the Swiss people on a daily basis.
Populist Conscription
Our previous methods of conscription were not enough to save us. We must recruit every able bodied citizen into the military to avoid another humiliation.
Retreat to the Redoubt
The intervention of the French Commune in the Savoyard Crisis has left us reeling. It is time to retreat for now and attack later when are able to stabilise our situation.
Swiss Counterattack
We have marshalled our forces and prepared accordingly. It is time to drive the French back into their holes!
Memories of Geneva
5 years ago today the workers of Geneva began a major industrial action, demanding social and economic reforms, which threatened to spread to the rest of French-speaking Western Switzerland (known as the Romandie). Fearful of potential revolutionary influence by the Commune of France, the central government in Bern reacted swiftly by sending in the Federal Army to break the strike. In the ensuing violence 13 were killed and over 100 injured in Geneva. This has left a bitter divide between the Romandie and Bern which over the subsequent years has failed to heal.
Holding the Line
It is our duty to hold the line while we hope for the Great Powers of Europe to save us from hostile intent.
Economic Lifelines
Economic trade routes through neutral powers keep the nation afloat when certain neighbour states wish to see us annihilated.
Political Insulation
Our insulation from trifling foreign matters has given us an unprecedented ability to focus inwards and strengthen the government.
Honouring the Geneva Dead
Those who gave their lives for the Syndicalist cause in Geneva are true heroes of the state, and must be honoured as such.
Free Skies
Our focus on aerial superiority has helped keep our skies clear of hostile air forces.
Effects of Black Monday
The Black Monday disaster has hit the Swiss economy hard. We must take drastic action if we are to recover.
The Swiss National Bank
The Swiss National Bank is the strong economic arm of the entire country, handling the finances of the vast majority of the population and the government alike.
Joint Command
The lessons learned from joining our command to the German Empire's have improved our ability to plan large scale operations drastically.
Study Commission for Nuclear Energy
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy is tasked with researching the feasibility of incorporating nuclear arms into our armed forces.
National Fortresses
Our nation is blessed with a wide array of natural defences. Incorporating these natural barriers into new defensive networks will make our nation all but impenetrable to any would-be invader.
Canton Development Initiative
This Developmental Initiative hopes to revitalise our flagging industry in the face of the Black Monday disaster.
Swiss Merchant Marine
Despite being landlocked, the Swiss Merchant Marine is a large and healthy trading enterprise, and supporting it as an important Swiss institution keeps the Swiss economy healthy and her people fed.
Surveillance Squadrons
The formation of new specialised Surveillance Squadrons will allow us to better keep track of the situation on the battlefield and better coordinate our air efforts with our ground forces in the field.
Swiss Neutrality
Switzerland enjoys a self-imposed policy of permanent neutrality in foreign affairs. Switzerland has not participated in a foreign conflict since the Treaty of Paris in 1815, and the principle of neutrality has become steadfastly engraved in both the Swiss state and her people.
Swiss-French Cooperation
Former enemies, a diplomatic mission from the Swiss has secured an atmosphere of reconciliation and cooperation between the two nations.
Swiss-French Cooperation
$SWI_FRA_coop_eco_idea_desc$ The French have levered their power to ensure they get the better end of the deal...
Officers Purged
Nervous about French-speaking officers in their midst, the new Populist military government has seen fit to remove those deemed 'undesirable' from the ranks.
Failed Coup
The Nationalist Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband attempted and failed to overthrow the government, failing to hold on to their illicit gains and throwing the nation into chaos. Order has been restored, but at what cost?
Empty Generalship
In times of peace the highest attainable rank in the Swiss military is that of Lieutenant General, although the role is more of a Senior Colonel than a General. Only in times of great need or looming military conflict is a man promoted to the rank of General in order to lead the defence of the nation.
Integrated Militias
Restrictions on Immigration
Switzerland has always relied on foreign labour to support its economy. The added stress on local workers will most certainly hamper our conscription efforts.
People's Army
With the departure of the 'Old Guard' from the ranks of the Swiss military, Switzerland now relies on the strength and resilience of its people to lead its army forwards.
People's Army
With thousands welcomed into our ranks, it is now time to promote new officers to lead our army into the future.
Disorganised Military
Without strong leadership or a strong mandate from the people, the Swiss military is having trouble establishing authority.
GFX_SWI_intro
The State of Switzerland
The Swiss Confederation saw crisis in 19th century. In several cantons liberal powers prevailed, calling for more democracy and more centralism. This met the opposition of the Catholic, conservatively dominated cantons who formed the Sonderbund in 1845. The Sonderbund War erupted in 1847 which saw the liberals as victors. In 1848 a Federal Constitution was ratified, turning the loose league of cantons into a federal state with a new federal capital in Bern. The new constitution created new institutions like the Bundesrat (Federal Council), Bundesversammlung (Federal Assembly), and Bundesgericht (Federal Court).\n\n Switzerland remained neutral throughout the Weltkrieg, although there were various domestic conflicts between German and French speaking Swiss citizens. In addition, economic problems arose, completely surrounded as the country was by warring nations. The radical left gained a lot of support during that time, and in 1919 a strike in Geneva called for by the worker's movement attempted to push through major social changes. The attempt failed because of the fear of spreading of French syndicalism and its subsequent repression by Swiss government, but in its wake social reforms were begun, bringing about higher wages and shorter work days.\n\nIn 1919 the system of proportional representation was introduced. The conservative Freisinnige lost their majority while the social democrats grew stronger. Into the 1930s, domestic politics were governed in response to the conflict between social democrats and conservatives. The struggles between communities in Switzerland are now taking more political values: French-speakers are more socialist, Germans more conservative and Italians more clerical.\n\nWill the rising belligerence in Europe have consequences on the neutral Confederation?
§MPeace and Reconciliation§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to disband the local governments in 'Syndicalist Subversion at Work in Romandie!'.\n£white_dot Accept the French claims when they send their ultimatum. After a few days, the focus \
Guisan's Speech
It was a wonderful sunny day when Henri Guisan made his speech not only to all of the soldiers and officers in attendance, but to the whole of Switzerland. In his speech he praised the strength and unity of the Swiss people, and promised that victory was not only attainable, but assured.\n\nAs Guisan finished giving his lengthy and beautifully worded speech, he was greeted with thunderous applause from all in attendance. This will surely go down in Swiss history as a historic event.
Inspirational to us all.
Gathering the Army
Switzerland has maintained its neutrality in conflict for hundreds of years. We are a people that hold fast to our values of neutrality and peace. But now we find ourselves embroiled in a conflict for our very survival. The men are scared and many are unsure if they are capable of fighting at all.\n\nSeeing this weakness among the soldiers, Henri Guisan has decided to hold a large rally on the Rütli, the historic location of the Rütlischwur of 1291. All Swiss officers are to be in attendance, and the speech is to be made to inspire Swiss people across the nation.
We await Guisan's speech.
Referendum: Official Languages
Enough political capital has been raised to institute an official referendum today on an important topic to the Swiss people. The issue of whether or not to include Romansch as a national language of Switzerland is what is to be decided.\n\nIf voted in, this predominantly Swiss language would join the likes of French, German, and Italian among Switzerland's national languages. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Language Referendum Succeeds
The referendum has succeeded, and Romansch is now officially a national language of Switzerland.
Wonderful!
The Language Referendum Fails
Despite our best efforts, the referendum has been defeated.\n\nRomansch will not become a national language.
The people did not support it.
Referendum: The National Protection Act
There has been increasing support recently for increasing powers of the state to arrest and detain subversive actors in the nation with increased authority. This move is seen as necessary by many who have seen the escalating rift between French West and German East inside of the country, and believe that many extremist movements, on the right and left, are forming an increasingly large threat to the stability of the nation.\n\nMany opponents believe that it will only be a stopgap measure, and that a conflict between the government and extremist movements is inevitable. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The National Protection Referendum Succeeds
The referendum has succeeded, and state forces have been given greater freedoms in their ability to combat extremist threats to the stability of the nation.
Wonderful!
The National Protection Referendum Fails
It seems that the people are not yet ready for an increase in state power.\n\nThey have voted down the referendum and the powers of the police will remain unchanged.
The people did not support it.
Referendum: Combat the Economic Crisis
The recent disaster that was Black Monday has thrown the nation's economy into a dangerous downward spiral.\n\nThere are actions that the government can, and will, take to combat this crisis, but this referendum is to decide whether the government can take extraordinary action outside of its usual power in order to resolve the crisis swiftly. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Economic Referendum Succeeds
The economic referendum has succeeded, and the government now has free rein to solve the Black Monday crisis with its new extraordinary powers.
Wonderful!
The Economic Referendum Fails
It seems that the people do not believe that the government needs extra authority to solve the crisis.\n\nWhat does this mean for our economy?
The people did not support it.
Referendum: Ban Syndicalist Unions
It is no secret that Syndicalism has been spreading constantly over recent years inside of the nation. It shares a large border with the Syndicalist Commune of France, and the pains of the Geneva Massacre still fester in Romandie.\n\nThis referendum is an extreme measure to combat this crisis at the root, and ban the Syndicalist Unions from the nation entirely. This move is sure to be controversial, especially with the French Commune. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Syndicalist Union Referendum Succeeds
Despite strong Syndicalist support in the Western regions of Switzerland, the referendum has succeeded.\n\nAll existing Syndicalist Trade Unions are now dissolved and none are legally allowed to form again. This is sure to raise the ire of the French.
Wonderful!
The Syndicalist Union Referendum Fails
It seems that Syndicalist support was too strong, and the referendum has failed.\n\nSyndicalists will continue to meet as they have done over the past few years.
The people did not support it.
Referendum: Reorganise the Army
It has become clear that the old structure of the Swiss army is no longer fit for the coming years. Previously, the military has relied on a strong reserve of quickly-trained volunteers in order to form the backbone of the army when in need, but the rise of strong professional armies all around Switzerland has made this model seem obsolete.\n\nThis referendum proposes that we reform the army along the German model, and create a strong and professional standing force. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Army Referendum Succeeds
The army referendum has succeeded, and reforms are to begin immediately within the ranks of our armed forces.
Wonderful!
The Army Referendum Fails
The people have struck down our proposed reforms to the army.\n\nThe army will continue to be formed from reserve troops for the foreseeable future.
The people did not support it.
Referendum: The Status of Freemasonry
Freemasonry has come into the public spotlight recently for its supposed connection to dangerous extremist movements and the prevalence of its members among higher levels of office.\n\nFreemasons are not believed by the state to be a real danger, but who really knows with such secretive societies? The public will have to say whether they are allowed to continue their practice within our borders. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Freemasonry Referendum Succeeds
The referendum has passed, and Freemasons have been barred from official meetings inside the nation.\n\nWhile there is likely little effect on the day-to-day of the government's operation, the public's support of the state has risen with the news.
Wonderful!
The Freemasonry Referendum Fails
The referendum to ban Freemasonry from Switzerland has failed. Is this the influence of the Freemasons at work?
The people did not support it.
Referendum: On the Transport of Goods
The referendum of the day has to do with the current system of transport of goods along Swiss roadways.\n\nThe proposed referendum would change how these goods are to be moved, and would potentially increase the overall volume of trade along major roadways. Should we support this referendum?
No Campaigning.
Limited Campaigning.
Moderate Campaigning.
Extensive Campaigning.
The Transportation Referendum Succeeds
The referendum on the transportation of goods has succeeded, and our economy is likely to get a small boost from this.
Wonderful!
The Transportation Referendum Fails
The referendum on the transport of goods has failed.\n\nThe roads will remain unchanged, for now.
The people did not support it.
Referendum: Abolish the Federal Government
There is a heavy atmosphere over the crowds today as the nation moves forward with a referendum to abolish the current federal government, and invite the leading representatives from the nation's strongest Trade Unions to draft the foundation of a new government.\n\nFrench \
Is this truly a fair vote?
The Government Referendum Succeeds
It was truly a bizarre sight, as bands played bombastic tunes and parades were held to mostly unenthusiastic crowds in the wake of the referendum's success.\n\nThe new Swiss government is to be formed shortly, but many in the conservative German East of the nation find nothing to celebrate.
As if there was any doubt.
Switzerland Seeks to Join the Internationale
After the recent Syndicalist revolution rocked our small eastern neighbour, many assumed it would only be a matter of time before they joined the Third Internationale.\n\nToday is that day, as Swiss diplomats have officially requested that the nation be allowed into our alliance.
Of course!
We don't need them.
The French have Accepted
After our formal request to join the Third Internationale, the French have responded positively, accepting us into the alliance.
Our brothers!
Our Membership has been Declined
Despite the fact that we share ideological similarities as well as a land border, the French have refused to accept us into their international alliance.\n\nFor what reason could they have they done this?
Impossible!
Switzerland Seeks Protection
A diplomatic envoy arrived today from Switzerland with a missive explaining that the current government of Switzerland has found a need to join our military alliance.\n\nHow should we respond?
They made a wise decision.
They would only drag us down.
We Stand with Germany
Our diplomat to Berlin has sent news that Germany has issued a formal invitation to their international alliance and welcomed us with open arms.\n\nWe are now a proper member state of the Reichspakt.
Our future is bright.
Germany has Ignored Us!
Despite our diplomat's best efforts, we have been unable to get an official response from Germany with regards to our acceptance into the Reichspakt.\n\nIt seems that the Germans are keen on keeping us out of their alliance.
But why?
Nationalist Coup
Before dawn broke over the governmental offices in the capital, it was already over. The Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband, a populist movement that held large influence over governmental affairs through its extensive membership in both the military and high government offices, had moved in the earliest hours of the morning to secure all necessary locations to ensure a successful coup. Hand-picked military units held important locations throughout the capital and the rest of the nation, and not a single shot was fired, nor a single life lost.\n\nThe previous government's failure to both protect the Swiss people in Romandie and secure foreign assistance against such a move had made it obvious to the Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband that the current government has failed completely, and only an entirely new government could hope to revitalise the Swiss nation.\n\nOne only hopes that their nationalistic tendencies can be kept in check.
Switzerland needs no allies.
Black Monday hits Switzerland
The recent run on the Berlin Stock Exchange is not without consequences for Switzerland. The Swiss economy relies heavily on German trading and the collapse of the German markets has sent immediate shock-waves through the Swiss economy.\n\nWe must act if we are to save our economy from total collapse.
The horror!
Switzerland joins the Vienna Circle
Responding to our calls for Europe's best and brightest to join our research initiative in Vienna, our friends the Swiss have responded favourably and have sent a handful of researchers to contribute to our initiative.\n\nTogether we will make great discoveries in the name of scientific advancement.
Fantastic.
The Foundation of the Helvetic Commune
Emotions were largely muted at the official signing of the papers that would make the new Helvetic Commune the official government in Switzerland, cementing the power of Syndicalism in governmental structure for the foreseeable future.\n\nDrawing on inspiration from the Helvetic Republic of old, the new Directorate promises to lead the Swiss people in a fashion that will benefit all Swiss people, and uphold their values for decades to come.
A new dawn awaits!
The Birth of the Helvetic Commune
Thunderous applause from the steps of the capital building as Jakob Herzog was sworn in as the first and sole Director of the new Helvetic Commune.\n\n Rising to prominence on a wave of popularity due to his advocacy of the \
Herzog is our future!
A New Official Capital?
With the foundation of a new government and a new future for Switzerland, a motion has been put forward to move the nation's official capital from its old seat in Bern to a more appropriate location in Geneva.\n\nThe Genenva Council of State has been handling the government's duties effectively so far, and Geneva has long been the centre of Syndicalist movements in Switzerland. Many feel that this move would cement Switzerland's future as a proper Syndicalist nation. What should we do?
The capital will move to Geneva.
The capital will stay in Bern.
The [GetYear] Swiss Federal Elections
The time has come again for the people of Switzerland to vote, and decide which party will seize the majority in the National Council.\n\nOnly one party can come out on top, which will it be?
Sozialdemokratische Partei der Schweiz!
Liberale Partei der Schweiz!
Freisinnig-Demokratische Partei!
Katholisch-Konservative Partei der Schweiz!
Bauern-, Gewerbe- und Bürgerpartei!
Looking for Foreign Assistance
With the French bearing down upon us, we must look to our neighbours for assistance in the defence of Switzerland.\n\nFacing down the might of the French Commune is no easy task, and it is unlikely that we will be defended, but we must try all the same.
Look to Germany for aid.
The powers of the world have their own struggles.
The Austrians are no friends of the French.
Switzerland Calls for Austrian Aid
Earlier today envoys from Switzerland arrived to plead for Austrian backing against French threats to seize the Romandie region.\n\nWhile we have little to gain from supporting such a venture, throwing our support behind the Swiss cause could boost our prestige worldwide and show the French that the Austrian Empire is not to be trifled with. Backing the Swiss in such a manner would certainly place them in our debt...
We will back the Swiss in this conflict.
We really have nothing to gain from this.
The Austrian Empire Stands with Switzerland
In response to the brewing conflicts in Romandie and Haute-Savoie, the Austrian Empire has officially declared its support of the Swiss people against us.\n\nIf we are to continue forward with our demands against the Swiss, it could result in a conflict of arms against Austria. The Austrians are a power to be reckoned with, can we afford a war so early?
The Austrians are not to be trifled with.
It is time we show them who is the true power in Europe.
Austria Remains Neutral
Despite the just nature of our cause, the Austrians have failed to come to our aid against the French menace. We cannot rely on the Habsburgs to assist us.
Curses!
Looking Again for Foreign Aid
With our most recent diplomatic efforts not turning out the way we had hoped, we likely only have one more chance to appeal to a foreign power before we run out of time...
We Have Been Abandoned
Despite our best efforts to gain international support for our cause, it seems that no nation is willing to stand for justice against the imperialism of the French Commune.\n\nWe have been abandoned by our neighbours, and there is no choice left but to give in to the French demands. We cannot hope to win on our own.
We are surrounded by enemies on all sides.
Revolution in Switzerland
Despite our initial intentions of only inciting revolt in Haute-Savoie, it seems that our efforts to destabilise Switzerland have exceeded our wildest expectations. Rather than stopping in the Western cantons and holding their ground, revolutionary forces have instead advanced east, bolstered by local support and army defections.\n\nThese forces have successfully toppled the Federal Government in Bern, and are now looking to us for support of their new government.
Wonderful!
Syndicalist Uprising
What initially appeared as fringe uprising in the Western cantons has spread like wildfire east, with Syndicalist supporters rising to support an ever-growing flood of revolutionary sentiment that has swept through the nation.\n\nThe army, feebly led and unwilling to take decisive action against the civilians, has been wholly ineffective at stopping their march on the capital. As the sun rises, a new, Syndicalist government claims control of the nation.
How could this have happened?
Crisis in Haute-Savoie
With the rising escalations in the Romandie and Haute-Savoie regions and France's seeming willingness to intervene in our internal affairs, the situation in Haute-Savoie looks grim.\n\nIt is only a matter of time before the situation spirals out of our control. We must prepare for the worst.
Worrisome.
France Demands Reforms
Sensing our apparent weakness and willingness to surrender to their terms, France has responded to our offer to surrender Haute-Savoie with incredulity, informing us that our response is \
This is the only way to avoid bloodshed.
The Swiss Give In
After we properly informed the Swiss that their proposal to cede Haute-Savoie was not in our best interests, they have further shown their weakness and aversion to conflict by agreeing to our proposals of instituting reforms in the nation to protect the rights of Syndicalists in the nation.\n\nNo doubt these reforms will lead to the eventual supremacy of Syndicalism in the nation, and the Swiss will surely drift into our own sphere of influence.
The revolution spreads!
War with France!
Despite our best efforts to both gain international support for our cause and prevent any bloodshed, both our trustworthy ally and France have both refused to back down.\n\nIt seems that we must fight to maintain our independence from French aggression.
We will defend ourselves to the end.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Backs Our Position
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to back our position in our diplomatic conflict against France. Hopefully we will not need them to resolve this peacefully.
We owe them a great deal.
A Meeting of Officers
We have received suspicious reports of large meetings of military officers meeting late in the evenings, and long into the night.\n\nWhile this is not a cause for concern in and of itself, the fact that all of these men are members of the Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband has caused some in the National Council to take note. Could the officers be planning something?
Worrisome.
Selection of a General
In times of peace and stability the highest attainable rank in the Swiss military is that of Lieutenant General, although the role is more of a Senior Colonel than a General.\n\nOnly in times of great need or looming military conflict is a man promoted to the rank of General in order to lead the defence of the nation. Now that we have been thrust into a time of great crisis, it is time for us to select a General to lead the command of our armed forces.
Time to choose.
Die Arbeiterwache Rally
Earlier today fringe Syndicalist paramilitaries \
We will have to keep an eye on them.
Vorarlberg Defects
With our neighbour Austria on the verge of complete collapse in their ongoing war, some of its citizens have taken their futures into their own hands. The Bundesland of Vorarlberg, right on our eastern border with Austria, has held a public referendum to leave Austria behind and seek union with Switzerland.\n\nOver 80% of voters agreed with the proposal, and the local authorities have wasted no time pleading their case with us, hoping to avoid whatever cruel peace awaits them if Austria were to fall in their current war. The citizens of Vorarlberg are certainly willing, should we accept this new member of the Swiss state?
We gladly accept.
It is too risky.
Vorarlberg's Defection
It is no secret that things are not going well in the current war. Many key cities across the empire are in our enemy's hands, and morale is low. However, news has now reached us that the traitorous province of Vorarlberg has voted to leave the Empire entirely, and joined Switzerland instead!\n\nCan these traitors not see that a turn of fortunes is soon on its way? We will have to deal with these traitors, in time.
Damn them!
Germany has Intervened in the Crisis
Despite not directly asking for their backing, it seems that the German Kaiser has seen the need to protect the order in Europe, and has intervened on our behalf against the Syndicalist menace.\n\nCould this turn the tide against the French hordes?
Wonderful!
Germany has Intervened Against Us
Despite the Swiss not asking for their assistance, the German Kaiser, delusional in his power, has seen fit to throw his nation into war against our glorious crusade.\n\nSurely this is the end of Germany's reign over Europe.
German dogs!
The End of Swiss Neutrality
Despite our best efforts to avoid foreign entanglements, Switzerland has found itself caught up in the machinations of foreign powers.\n\nOur neutrality, maintained for over a hundred years, has finally been broken as our government has been brought into alignment with [SWI.FactionLeader.GetNameDef]
Will they be able to protect us better than neutrality?
The Government Moves to Geneva
With the collapse of the government in Bern following the Syndicalist uprising, a loose coalition of Unions was formed to handle governmental affairs. It has become painfully apparent that this haphazard group of Unions is not capable of running the government and all its functions.\n\nInstead, a new government has been formed under the guidance of the Genenva Council of State, with the assistance of the French Commune. This new government will operate the state until a proper constitution can be formed for the new Switzerland.
We are in their hands.
The End of Swiss Neutrality
Despite our best efforts to avoid foreign entanglements and conflicts, Switzerland has found itself embroiled in a war.\n\nOur neutrality, maintained for over a hundred years, has finally been broken as men young and old are called up in service of their country.
Today, we fight.
Jakob Herzog visits Britain
In response to an invitation by 'Vanguardist' elements in Britain, local Syndicalist agitator Jakob Herzog, leader of the radical Die Arbeiterwache party, has left the nation in order to meet with his ideological comrades.\n\nOnce an anarcho-syndicalist, Herzog's political leanings have become increasingly more radical and his supporters more numerous. His advocacy for an even more extreme form of Syndicalism can only bring further unrest to the nation.
We'll keep an eye on him.
Herzog visits Mussolini
After his rapid ascention to power in former Switzerland, leader Jakob Herzog found time today to fulfil a task of the usual diplomatic affairs in an official state visit to the Italian Socialist Republic. While there was the usual pomp and circumstance in the visit, Herzog made it quite clear that he was here more so to solidify relations with Italy, over any personal desires.\n\nHerzog was reported to have nothing but praise for the Italian head of state, who in turn seemed to enjoy the generous compliments. Together, the two promised 'a new era in Helvetic-Italian relations' and increased cooperation between the two Totalist nations.
To future cooperation!
Protests against German Favouritism
An organised protest was held today in the capital against the state's new policies on official languages. Thousands of Swiss citizens who speak French, Italian, or Romansch in their daily lives were seen chanting anti-government slogans and disrupting traffic around the city.\n\nRomansch speakers in particular are incited over the change, given that their language was made official via referendum in Switzerland only a year ago. Local forces are more than prepared to handle protests of these size, but the people have made their displeasure known to the government.
That was then, this is now.
Loyalty in the Officer Corps
With the government firmly in the hands of the proper German-Swiss authorities, it has come to the attention of many in the upper echelons of the new government that there are officers in the Swiss army with questionable loyalties.\n\nThe loss of Switzerland's non-German speaking territories is a blow the strength of the nation, however the greater threat of disloyal officers still looms. An internal review of officers born in Romandie and other French-speaking regions of the nation has begun, and those viewed to be potential threats are to be detained.
Weeds in the garden.
The Bern Trials
After a lengthy internal review of the Swiss Officer Corps, officers loyal to the state have compiled a definitive list of those deemed potential threats to the new military government. Dozens of officers from French or Italian backgrounds, or those known to harbour Syndicalist leanings, have been detained and brought before a special military tribunal in Bern.\n\nThe show trials of these officers will strengthen the loyalty of the current officer corps to the state and ensure that any future officers know that treason will not be tolerated. However, many officers in custody hold high office within the military, and the removal of these officers is sure to dampen the strength of our forces.
Let the trials begin.
The Trial of Gustave Combe
The trial has begun for Major General Gustave Combe, born in Orbe to a French-speaking family. His preference for French and potential loyalty to his family in French-occupied Romandie has marked him as a potential liabilty in the new Swiss military.\n\nThe trial has commenced and the charges laid against him seem damning.
Guilty.
Combe is a man of character. Innocent!
The Trial of Louis de Montmollin
The trial has begun for Lieutenant Colonel Louis de Montmollin, a French speaking officer born in Savagnier, Neuchâtel. Montmollin is both from a French-speaking household hailing from the cantons lost to France, and has shown previous Syndicalist leanings, refusing to participate in military actions taken against Syndicalist supporters within the country.\n\nWith this information, the state has determined that Lieutenant Colonel de Montmollin is a great potential risk and must be removed from his post immediately.
Guilty.
Louis is a sterling officer. Innocent!
The Trial of Henri Guisan
The trial has begun for Lieutenant General Henri Guisan, distinguished Swiss Officer and the most high-ranking man brought in for trial.\n\nGuisan's arrest is undoubtedly politically motivated, due to his high position and Eugen Bircher's alleged distate of the man. Losing his talents would set our military back considerably.\n\nGuisan is beloved by both his men and acquaintances alike, and a sentence for him would be very unpopular. However, letting him go would show that the current government is perhaps not as powerful as they would have the people believe...
Guilty.
Guisan deserves better. Innocent!
Continuing the Trials
The most high-proflie trials are over for now, but there are still many who must face the military's justice. Traitors and Syndicalists alike face trial, and perhaps a directive from the government could speed the process...
Most are Guilty.
The rest are undoubtedly innocent.
The Trials Conclude
After many long weeks of innocence and guilt, the trials of the Swiss Officer Corps are completed, and many have been either exonerated or retired.\n\nThis process has ensured that the new Swiss military is one loyal to the state, but at what cost...
We now stand united.
Defection of Loius de Montmollin
Lieutenant Colonel Louis de Montmollin, after being declared innocent in the Bern Trials months before, has today been reported to have fled over the border into the Commune of France. He took with him several like-minded officers who either escaped arrest or were declared innocent in the trials, along with crucial information on our military deployments against the French.\n\nThe whole affair is seen as an embarrassment for the regime in Bern and many are wondering if the military are truly in control.
We were fools to trust him.
Ineffectual Purges
After the widely publicised show trianls in Bern, the government has almost nothing to show for their efforts. We failed to prosecute any officers of note, and the people have taken us to be utter buffoons. How could we hold such trials and make no convictions?
We look like fools.
New Generation of Officers
Months have passed, and a new generation of officers loyal to the state have entered the military.\n\nMonth by month, the effects of the Bern Trials on our military effectiveness fade.
Loyal officers are good officers.
Swiss Officers Defect
After the end of the Savoyard Crisis, the Swiss government to our east was quickly overthrown by pro-German military officers who felt that the government had failed them. Paranoid and angry at French-speaking Swiss for 'betraying' their nation, they quickly began purging French elements of their military structure.\n\nThis approach has obviously backfired, as today a group of former Swiss officers fled over the border into France, seeking asylum from their oppressive government. They bring with them many secret Swiss military documents, which will surely be of use to us.
Welcome, brothers.
Memories Fade
With the bloodless resolution of the crisis in Haute-Savoie, Syndicalist agitations within the borders of our nation have faded. Old grudges have begun to be forgotten and a new period of unity is dawning.\n\nThose who remain as Syndicalist supporters have mostly begun resorting to more peaceable forms of political activism, and the political tension that once gripped the country is no more.
We are brothers.
France Loses Interest
Despite increasing tensions between ourselves and the French commune over the status of Haute-Savoie, today we have learned that the French government has suddenly dropped all plans to incense activism inside of Switzerland.\n\nIt seems that the government in Paris has become dissuaded from pursuing the matter further, content to simply rattle its sabre. We have dodged what could have become a major international crisis.
Luck is on our side.
The Savoyard Crisis Defused
For many months, the regions of Romandie and Haute-Savoie have been gripped by tension as Swiss socialists have petitioned the Commune of France for annexation and intervention in order to unite the French speaking peoples under one banner. However, it appears that despite initial threats against the stability of the Swiss nation, no intervention seems forthcoming from the Commune.\n\nLacking a serious supporter and seemingly acting against the wishes of the greater Swiss nation, today Syndicalist leaders have met with the Federal government for what appears to be the first of many negotiations to end the hostilities. It seems that peace has won the day, the crisis is over.
Peace reigns.
The Savoyard Crisis Defused
Despite the earlier opportunity to support the French-speaking regions of Switzerland against their capitalist oppressors, we have not found supporting their movement in our best interests.\n\nNow news has come from Switzerland that Syndicalist revolutionaries in the nation, disheartened at our lack of support, have decided to enter formal negotiations with the Swiss federal government. Whatever comes of these talks, our chance to intervene has passed.
An opportunity lost.
Diplomatic Mission to the Commune
Now that the crisis in Haute-Savoie has passed without bloodshed, there are many who have seen the extreme dangers of having an unfriendly power such as the Commune of France right on our border.\n\nThe Federal Government has decided the only way to rectify this situation is to improve bilateral relations between ourselves and the French. An diplomatic mission has been sent to the Commune to attempt to defuse the hostilities.
Let's make the attempt.
Diplomatic Mission from Switzerland
Swiss diplomats arrived today in Paris to discuss the state of relations between our two countries.\n\nPreviously our two states were on opposite sides of the Savoyard Crisis, but now that the crisis is behind us, it seems that the Swiss are eager to get in our good graces.
Let's negotiate.
Swiss? We have no need of the Swiss.
Turned Away from Paris
Despite the earnest efforts of our diplomatic team to the French Commune, the French seem unwilling to negotiate with us on restoring friendly relations.\n\nWe will have to remain vigilant on our shared border.
A shame.
Extracting Concessions
As the Swiss are more damaged by our poor bilateral relations, it is possible that they will agree to concessions in exchange for economic cooperation and the lifting of trade sanctions.\n\nOn the other hand, asking for too much threatens to leave the negotiations entirely. Should we make demands?
Demand the return of Haute-Savoie.
Demand the concession of French Romandie.
Demand economic concessions.
Demand no concessions.
The French Demand Concessions
After some initial negotiations, the French have come to us with an offer. They will negotiate in good faith, but any negotiations must be preceded by the concession of Haute-Savoie to the Commune.\n\nThe Commune has declared that as the one and only legal French government, we are obligated to return Haute-Savoie under the terms of the Congress of Vienna. How should we respond?
We must accept.
No!
This is outrageous! We're leaving!
The French Demand Concessions
After some initial negotiations, the French have come to us with an offer. They will negotiate in good faith, but any negotiations must be preceded by the cession of Romandie to the Commune.\n\nFrance has claimed that the French-speaking majority, rife with Syndicalist supporters, belongs as a proper part of the French nation. How should we respond?
We must accept.
No!
This is outrageous! We're leaving!
The French Demand Concessions
After some initial negotiations, the French have come to us with an offer. They will negotiate in good faith, but any negotiations must be preceded by an agreement to economic concessions.\n\nAny trade deal we sign with the French will be required to assist them more than it assists us. How should we respond?
We must accept.
No!
This is outrageous! We're leaving!
The Swiss are Outraged
The Swiss response to our demands was one of complete shock. After hours of quiet discussion in private, the delegation has decided that our demands were simply insulting and belied an unwillingness to properly negotiate.\n\nThe entire delegation left soon after, and do not seem intent on returning for another round of talks.
Negotiations have broken down...
Rejection of our Demands
In response to our demands, the Swiss have soundly rejected any sort of concessions, and seem unwilling to consider the negotiations if concessions are on the table.\n\nThey are unlikely to back down on this stance.
They called our bluff. We will cooperate without concessions.
No concessions, no negotiations.
France Expels our Diplomats
We have informed the French negotiators that we are unwilling to continue negotiations if the French are going to demand concessions. In response, the French have expelled our delegation and halted negotiations. There will be no deal with the French.
Unfortunate.
The nature of our Cooperation?
After agreeing to the initial French demands, the ball is now in our court.\n\nRather than simply restoring relations, it is possible that Switzerland and France can work together and create a relationship that will benefit us both. What sort of relationship should we pursue?
Political Cooperation.
Technological Cooperation.
Economic Cooperation.
Just restoring trade will be enough.
Nature of Cooperation?
The French have agreed to negotiate with us, and have made no unreasonable demands of us in the process!\n\nRather than simply restoring relations, it is possible that Switzerland and France can work together and create a relationship that will benefit us both. What sort of relationship should we pursue?
Political Cooperation.
Technological Cooperation.
Economic Cooperation.
Just restoring trade will be enough.
End of Negotiations
The Swiss have returned to the discussion with an offer of political cooperation. Both of our nations will open an official embassy with the other and trade will be restored.\n\nBoth nations promise to foster improved relations with the other. With this new deal, both of our nations will gain from the deal.
The Swiss have returned to the discussion with an offer of technological cooperation.\n\nBoth of our nations will cooperate on technological development with the other and trade will be restored. With this new deal, both of our nations will gain from the deal.
The Swiss have returned to the discussion with an offer of political cooperation.\n\nBoth of our nations will cooperate on economic development and trade will be restored. With this new deal, both of our nations will gain from the deal.
The Swiss have returned to the discussion with an offer of political cooperation.\n\nTrade will be restored between our two nations. With this new deal, both of our nations will gain from the deal.
We agree to the terms.
Successful Negotiations
Despite the political and military differences between ourselves and the Swiss, the negotiations have gone a long way towards restoring normal relations.\n\nWe will see how the fruits of these negotiations fare in the coming months.
The Swiss have made amends.
Successful Negotiations
Despite the political and military differences between ourselves and the French Commune, the negotiations have gone a long way towards restoring normal relations. Hopefully this negotiated peace will last.
The political freeze is over.
Switzerland Recognises the Commune
We have received news that as part of a negotiated deal with the Commune of France, the Swiss government has officially recognised the Commune of France as the legitimate French government. This leaves us in an awkward position, as the Swiss government previously recognised us as the sole legitimate government of France.\n\nWe will not forget this slight!
Damn them!
Peace with the Commune?
We have gone to war in defence of the small Swiss nation against the Commune of France. Initially, we had hoped to hold the French at the border, and force them into a negotiated peace that would ensure the integrity of the Swiss nation.\n\nThis plan has failed, and as we speak enemies march into Austria itself! We must sue for a negotiated peace now before it is too late.
Sue for peace.
Peace?! Never!
Austria Sues for Peace
Our war of liberation against Switzerland and their Austrian allies is going well. So well, in fact, that the Austrians have come to us with an offer of peace. Austria itself is being invaded, and Vienna is looking to get out of this unfavourable war.\n\nIt is obvious that they are on the losing end of this war, and it should be possible to extract heavy concessions out of them if we so choose. How should we respond?
White Peace will do fine.
Demand heavy concessions.
There will be no peace but our victory!
An Offer of White Peace
France has responded to our request for a negotiated peace by offering us favourable terms. White peace between ourselves and the French Commune, but Switzerland will be left to the French will.\n\nConsidering our military situation, it seems like the best offer we will ever get...
We Accept!
We can't betray Switzerland!
An Offer of A Harsh Peace
France has responded to our request for a negotiated peace by offering us harsh terms. We will be forced to cut all ties with the Italian Republic, and be forced to cede some land to France's new regime in former Switzerland. Switzerland itself will be left to suffer whatever fate the Commune dreams for it. We will pay minor economic reparations for our part in the war.\n\nConsidering our military situation, it seems like a decent offer...
We Accept.
These terms are unacceptable!
No Peace!
The French have completely refused to negotiate any sort of peace with us, stating that the only peace we will receive is one dictated to us from our own halls in Vienna. The French will not negotiate with us.
We will not lose!
Austria Accepts White Peace
The Austrians were all to eager to accept our offer of a white peace, even if it means leaving the Swiss to their fate. Peace will be signed with the Austrians, and we will have a free hand to do as we like with the Swiss.
A wise choice.
Austrian Betrayal
The war was certainly not going well, but the latest news from Vienna is simply shocking. The Austrians have signed a peace agreement with the French. And even worse, they have agreed to let the French do as they will with our nation. It seems as though this is the end for our nation...
Enemies on all sides!
Our Terms Rejected
Despite being the nation to initiate the process of peace, the Austrians have rejected the terms we so politely offered them, and instead have insisted on seeing this war to its conclusion.\n\nThey will soon know the error of their ways.
War it is, then.
Austria Surrenders
Austria, seeing the dire situation they are in, have accepted our most generous terms and will cede all of the territory we have requested of them. In addition, Switzerland has been abandoned to its fate and is ours to do with as we please.\n\nOur allies the Socialist Republic of Italy will be most ecstatic to hear this news.
A nice bonus.
Austria and Italy
Unbeknownst to us, the Austrians and French have been engaged in a series of peace talks regarding their current conflict over Switzerland. A peace deal has been reached, and France has secured us an agreement which will see the Austrians revoking all support from [ITA.GetNameDef]. It is only a matter of time before that false state flounders without its master's strings.
A true ally
Austrian Evacuation
The Austrians and French have been engaged in a series of peace talks regarding their current conflict over Switzerland and, while the peace deal has been reached, the Austrians have not come out on top. As a part of the agreement, they will be forced to sever all ties with us. Times are grim.
Damn
Swiss-Germans Flee Syndicalist Rule
With the new Syndicalist regime seizing control of Switzerland, there are many who have something to fear from the changing of the guard. Thousands of Swiss, fearing Syndicalist reprisals, have fled over the border into Germany seeking the protection of the German Empire.
We didn't need them.
Swiss Refugees
With the Swiss government overthrown by Syndicalist rebels, there is chaos in many predominantly German cities in Switzerland. Many, fearing punitive action from the new government, have fled across the border into Germany and are seeking the protection of the Kaiser from the Syndicalist menace.
Welcome them.
The Red Cross
The Second Weltkrieg has begun, and the Red Cross, based in Geneva, has begun to organise in response to the predicted casualties. The Red Cross will help both sides in the war, taking no sides, and surely countless lives will be saved by their efforts.\n\nIn the last war, Red Cross societies delivered tens of millions of letters and parcels, sent out millions of Francs in aid, facilitated the transfer of hundreds of thousands of prisoners, and saved countless lives.\n\nLet us hope that they will not need to do as much in this war.
War is hell.
Defeat in Switzerland?
In what was widely considered by the High Command to be a quick and easy war, we have found ourselves on the back foot in our fight against the Swiss and their Austrian defenders.\n\nIn order to save face in the international community, many have suggested we sue for peace immediately before our ineptitude on the battlefield becomes internationally observed.
Sue for peace.
Never!
France Begs for Mercy
There are high spirits all around as a French delegation arrived today with the intent to negotiate a peace between our two nations. It is no secret that the war is going very poorly for the French, and they are surely eager to end the war as soon as possible.\n\nThis would be a great opportunity to demand more out of them...
Peace is enough.
Seize the rest of Savoie.
We're marching to Paris!
Switzerland Accepts White Peace
Switzerland has responded favourably to our request for a settled peace, it seems that they are as eager to end the war as we are.\n\nAll land gained or lost during the course of the conflict is to be returned to its original owner, and both sides are to return and lick their wounds. The war is over.
We got off easy.
Switzerland Demands Savoie
The Swiss are willing to accept our offer of peace, but only on the condition that we hand over stewardship of the rest of the Savoie region. They do have a legal claim to the region, dating back to 1815 and the Congress of Vienna, but this is an obviously opportunistic land grab.\n\nHowever, in our current situation, we are not in a position to refuse their demand. They could certainly have demanded worse...
We have no choice.
Switzerland Refuses Peace
Despite our generous offer of peace in the face of the Swiss advance, we have received news that the Swiss are refusing any and all offers of peace.\n\nIt seems that the mad Swiss are so confident in their invincibility that they think they can defeat the whole Commune. We will take pleasure in destroying these fools.
They are overconfident buffoons.
Peace with [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]!
We have come out victorious in the war against [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]! The people are cheering in the streets and parades are being held in honour of our victorious troops all around the nation. It is time to celebrate!
News has arrived today that Switzerland has reached a negotiated peace with [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]. This is a victory for both ourselves and the Swiss, and the syndicalist menace has shown its weakness for all the world to see!
Peace is restored.
Occupation of Haute-Savoie
In 1815 at the Congress of Vienna Switzerland was given the legal right to maintain the neutrality of Haute-Savoie in exchange for relinquishing all official claims on the region. During the Weltkrieg, as France was falling to Syndicalist revolutionaries, the Swiss government found it necessary to send soldiers to protect the region from the chaotic violence of the time.\n\nShortly after, the true French government was exiled to Africa, and Switzerland has maintained her military occupation of the region until a time that France returns to the mainland to reclaim it.\n\nThis of course has not sat well with the current government in Paris, which has actively attempted to reclaim the province.
We will fulfil our legal mandate.
KVP and BGB Leave the Bourgeois Block
The Bourgeois Block, the informal alliance of the popular Market Liberal FDP with the BGB and KVP conservative parties, has long stood as the most stalwart of Swiss political institutions, working to ensure that conservative interests are satisfied and that aggressive Radical Socialist and Syndicalist parties remain marginalised. Today that relationship was severed as the Conservative People's Party (KVP) and the Party of Farmers, Traders and Citizens (BGB) announced their loss of confidence in FDP's ability to handle the economy in the wake of the Black Monday disaster.\n\nWith Switzerland's greatest political parties beginning to fight amongst themselves rather than against socialism, there will be room for smaller parties to make their move.
We are in a precarious situation.
Swiss National Day
August 1st, is the Schweizer Bundesfeier, the anniversary of the signing of the Federal Charter of 1291, and is cause for celebration across the nation!
Go us!
Eugen Bircher speaks against Syndicalists
Eugen Bircher, an influential Major General in the Swiss military, made a speech today in front of the National Council, wherein he plead with the council to 'slay the beast' that was the Syndicalist movements spreading within the nation.\n\nEugen Bircher leads the Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband, a paramilitary pro-German society that has been gaining influence among prominent Swiss military officers and politicians.\n\nThe Major General has been increasingly vocal both in public and in private of his distaste for Syndicalist and Socialist movements in Switzerland, and his opinion holds considerable sway.
Hm.
New Political Rivalries
With the old Federal government overthrown by proper Syndicalists and a new interim government created in its place, a clear struggle is forming between the two main Syndicalist parties for control.\n\nOne is the Die Arbeiterwache under Jakob Herzog, adherents of more authoritarian socialism. Their main opponents are the SPdS, the more mainstream Syndicalist party under Jules Humbert-Droz.\n\nWith the need to form a new government apparent, both sides have been rallying their supporters in a bid to be the first party come out on top.
Why can't we get along?
Die Arbeiterwache March
The Die Arbeiterwache party, not wanting to wait for official discussions, got off to a head start today as party leaders organised a large march through the capital's streets. Thousands were in attendance and Die Arbeiterwache has shown that it has the support of many Swiss citizens.
Herzog takes the lead.
Jules Humbert-Droz Speaks Against Authoritarianism
Not content to allow the Die Arbeiterwache to simply walk away with the nation, today Jules Humbert-Droz broadcast a powerful radio address to the nation.\n\nIn his speech, he rallied against the extremist messages of Die Arbeiterwache, and warned that supporting such a party would betray the true spirit of the revolution. Many have been swayed by the SPdS leader's message and Herzog's support has fallen overnight.
A fair point.
Violence in Bern
In recent weeks, both the Totalist Die Arbeiterwache and the more traditionalist SPdS parties have been working hard to show themselves as the front running party in the movement to assemble the new government.\n\nWith such a close race, tensions are bound to be high, and today a violent fight erupted in Bern between supporters of the two groups. Similar bouts of violence have been popping up around the nation, and the Union Council is beginning to worry that the violence will only escalate from here.
Order is breaking down.
The Union Council Calls for Formal Debate
In an effort to stop the violence spreading across the nation, the temporary Union Council has stepped into the fray in an attempt to resolve things peacefully. It has called upon both parties to agree to a series of formal debates, to be broadcast nationally over radio, in which both parties will attempt to state their case to the general populace.\n\nTo everyone's relief, the leaders of both parties have agreed and the debates are set to begin shortly.
Let's settle this peacefully.
The Debate Begins
Tonight marked the first round of the formal debates being held between the Die Arbeiterwache led by Jakob Herzog and the SPdS led by Jules Humbert-Droz. Many topics were covered ranging from economic agenda to political reforms. While there are more debates to come, whoever is more successful in this first debate is likely to carry public support through subsequent debates.\n\nBoth potential leaders have good points but there can only be one winner.
Jakob Herzog is victorious!
Jules Humbert-Droz has won!
Die Arbeiterwache Wins Public Support
Jakob Herzog's impassioned speech in the formal debate, combined with his multitude of rallies and marches, have shown the people of Switzerland that Die Arbeiterwache is the only party with enough support to form the new Syndicalist government. The need for a strong hand has taken hold of the nation.
Herzog will form the new government.
SPdS Wins Public Support
With Jules Humbert-Droz's sterling performance in the governmental debate, and the passion of his speeches against authoritarianism and Jorges Herzog, the hearts of the people have moved behind the SPdS. Die Arbeiterwache remains popular, but it is obvious that it no longer has enough public support to take the lead in the new government.
Jules Humbert-Droz will form the new government.
Foundation of the Swiss Merchant Marine
As Switzerland is a landlocked nation, it relies on trade with other nations to survive. To this end, the Swiss government has commissioned the purchase of several merchant vessels to operate under the Swiss flag.\n\nThese merchant vessels will participate in vital trade missions which will secure the necessary goods Switzerland needs to survive should her borders become compromised by conflict.
Interesting.
Christening of the EKS Helvetia
There was much celebration and excitement today as the government announced the official christening of the Swiss Navy's first flagship, the EKS Helvetia. This ship, a Light Cruiser produced from Switzerland's very own dockyards, is the first official flagship of the fleet and a symbol of Switzerland's overseas ambitions.
The Swiss were born to sail.
Syndicalist Parties Banned
With the new provisional military government in control of the nation, a proclamation has come from Bern that all Syndicalist organisations operating in the country, legally or otherwise, are to be immediately dissolved. This proclamation has been met with a surprising amount of popular support, as the remaining population of the country rallies against Syndicalist \
We're better off without them.
Full Membership in Mitteleuropa
An agreement has been made to allow for economic supplies to flow from Mitteleuropa into Switzerland to keep the nation afloat.\n\nHowever, while this temporary arrangement is supporting our economy for now, perhaps we should consider full membership in Germany's economic bloc?
Let's join.
Rather not.
Farmers Hit by Black Monday
With the German economy in freefall, the prices of many agricultural goods have fallen with it. Swiss farmers, heavily reliant on trade with Germany, have been hit hard almost overnight, and many have taken to the streets to protest the government's inaction over the issue.\n\nThe BGB (Party of Farmers, Traders and Citizens) who represents the interests of many Swiss farmers, and Social Conservative KVP (Conservative People's Party) have begun wavering in their commitment to the current governing alliance of Conservative and Market Liberal parties.
This isn't good.
Socialists Propose Reconciliation With France
As a part of their ambitious Syndicalist-styled plan to recover the Swiss economy, Socialist leaders in the Romandie have proposed that the Swiss government save the economy through reconciliation with the Commune of France.\n\nEver since Switzerland began the occupation of Haute-Savoie, the French have embargoed Switzerland, and cut off a valuable trade route for the Swiss economy. These socialist leaders have called for the return of this land to France as a sign of goodwill on behalf of Switzerland towards France.
Not a chance.
An Illegal Referendum in Savoie
With the Federal Government in Bern so adamantly opposed to the Socialist plans for reform, a movement has gained popularity for an organised referendum on sovereignty in Haute-Savoie. The Socialists believe that if the Savoyards can be shown to wish reunification with the Commune of France, then the government will have to support their plans.\n\nBern has caught wind of this illegal referendum taking place in the region soon, and has vowed that such a vote outside of the law will not be allowed to take place.
Stop this at once!
Violence in Haute-Savoie
The day of the proposed referendum has come, and violence runs rampant in Haute-Savoie. Swiss military presence in the occupied zone, on high alert on orders from Bern, has clashed repeatedly with Socialist and Syndicalist protestors attempting to organise the vote in the area.\n\nDozens have been beaten and bloodied, and the region is in a state of disarray as military forces and Socialist agitators from Romandie clash in the streets. It is only a matter of time before France hears of this commotion...
This got out of hand.
Syndicalists Claim Referendum Victory
Days after the violence in Savoie, the Syndicalist Party of Switzerland has declared that the results of the referendum are in and the region has voted to rejoin the Commune of France. In the chaos, it is impossible to verify the integrity of the vote, and the Socialists, who hold the ballots, have not offered to hand anything over to the federal government.\n\nMany in Bern doubt the validity of the Socialist claim, but it has increasingly seemed like a shouting match between two sides that won't back down...
These results are illegal and unverified!
Violence in Occupied Haute-Savoie
Reports have come to Paris bearing news of the violent oppression of Syndicalist freedom fighters in Haute-Savoie who were attempting to organise a referendum on the region's return to French governance.\n\nThe Swiss government in Bern has sent a military force to suppress the vote, and violence has broken out over the legality of the referendum. We can't ignore this violence against our people!
Frenchmen bleed on French soil!
Romandie Secedes
With no nation willing to defend Switzerland, and our government's weakness exposed for all the world to see, the local governments in Romandie, reinstated by French demands, have quickly voted to secede from the Swiss Confederation and join the Commune of France.\n\nWe are powerless to stop them.
Traitors, all of them.
The Romand Secession
After Switzerland pathetically accepted our demands for the return of Haute-Savoie, they were forced to reinstate publicly elected Socialist officials that they so viciously removed from their posts earlier in the year. These politicians, to our surprise, wasted no time in voting on secession from the Swiss Confederation in favour of joining the Commune of France as brothers in French Socialism.\n\nWe of course have accepted their legal and popular move, and have welcomed them into our fold.
A welcome surprise.
A New National Identity
With the transition of the Swiss State to a more orderly regime under the guidance of the military, many have proposed the creation of a new national flag to represent the new order.\n\nA few designs have surfaced as popular enough to represent the nation. Which one should we move forward with?
We must maintain our current flag.
The coat of arms on white background.
The nationalist full-cross design.
A flag more suiting the military regime.
A New National Identity
A new era has dawned for the Swiss people under the new Syndicalist regime, and with it comes the need for a new national symbol and flag.\n\nA few designs have surfaced as popular enough to represent the nation. Which one should we move forward with?
The Helvetic Design with Syndicalist elements.
The simple Helvetic design.
Continue with the interim flag.
Switzerland Seeks an Alliance
A diplomatic envoy arrived today from Switzerland with a missive explaining that the current government of Switzerland has found a need to formalise our current relationship and join our new military alliance.\n\nHow should we respond?
A diplomatic envoy arrived today from Switzerland requesting we formalise our de-facto relationship, and allow them membership in our new military alliance.\n\nHow should we respond?
They made a wise decision.
They would only drag us down.
We Stand with Austria
Our diplomat to Vienna has sent news that Austria has issued a formal invitation to their international alliance, and welcome us with open arms.\n\nWe now have a proper protector against any further untoward aggression.
Our diplomat to Vienna has sent news that Austria has issued a formal invitation to their international alliance, and welcomes us with open arms.
Our future is bright.
Austria has Ignored Us!
Despite our diplomat's best efforts, we have been unable to get an official response from Austria with regards to a formalisation of our current impromptu alliance.\n\nIt seems that the Austrians are keen on keeping us out of their alliance, whatever reason they may have.
But why?
Chaos in Haute-Savoie!
With French support and a lax military presence in the region, French saboteurs have managed to stir unrest in Haute-Savoie, and the administration will be forced to spare extra resources to maintain the peace.\n\nWe must maintain a stronger military presence if we are to keep the region stable.
We were too lax!
The Commune Defeated
The Commune of France has found itself soundly defeated and removed from the landscape of Europe.\n\nWith the largest threat to our nation now a thing of the past, we no longer have to worry about the looming threat of war.
The Commune of France has found itself soundly defeated and removed from the landscape of Europe.\n\nUnfortunately for us, it means whatever we gained from cooperating with them is also gone... but, on the other hand, we no longer have to worry about their influence or the threat of a war.
Peace reigns!
Returning Haute-Savoie
With a semblance of peace and order restored to Europe in the form of the defeat of the Commune of France and a restoration of a legitimate French government, it is time we honour our obligations made at the end of the Weltkrieg and return Haute-Savoie to French control.\n\nWe have been its careful stewards for many years, but our commitment to our promise is resolute. The territory must be returned, and the French government will surely be grateful for the safeguarding of their land.
With a semblance of peace and order restored to Europe in the form of the defeat of the Commune of France, and the consolidation of Savoy under the new Italian regime, it is time we end our custodianship of the territory of Haute-Savoie.\n\nWe have been its careful stewards for many years, but our commitment to the Treaty of Turin of 1816 remains true. The territory's neutrality is no longer threatened, and the new Italian government will surely appreciate the legitimacy of being seen as the territory's legitimate nation.
The old Swiss order has been overthrown, and in its place a new and proper Syndicalist government has arisen.\n\nIn order to solidify our relation with our neighbouring Syndicalist Commune of France, we must make good on a promise made many years ago and return Upper Savoy to Communard rule. With this act of cooperation, we can surely align ourselves with the power that is France.
It must go to [735.Owner.GetNameDef].
The Return of Upper Savoy
Switzerland has approached us with an offer to return the region of Upper Savoy to our control after controlling the region for nearly two decades.\n\nThey have deemed our nation the rightful owners of the land, and according to their previous obligation of protecting the territory until peace is restored, have properly returned the region to us.
They have honoured their obligations.
Officers Protest
Many officers have resigned out of protest in response to our declaration of Martial Law in the nation.\n\nPerhaps driven by some remaining loyalties to Syndicalist elements operating within our borders, these officers will leave a hole in our ranks that can only be filled with time.
This is not ideal.
Our Swiss Assets Nationalised
We have been informed that the nationalist regime in Switzerland has nationalised all foreign-owned economic assets in their nation in an attempt to gain greater control over their economy.\n\nNaturally, we have not-insignificant holdings there, and we are under pressure to regain the lost capital for our citizens.
We won't forget this.
The New Order Falls
Not even a year after toppling the old Swiss government and establishing a military dictatorship \
Long live Switzerland!
Outpost Raided
An outpost in Mittelland, not responding to radio contact, was today discovered to have been attacked and raided by an unknown enemy. It is theorised the attackers were Syndicalist sympathisers, looking to arm themselves with the weapons stored at the location.\n\nThe men defending the outpost were found to have been killed defending it. We must avenge their deaths.
Scoundrels.
Gunfire in Bern.
Gunfire rang out in the early morning today in Bern as unidentified gunmen attempted to attack a military patrol moving through the streets.\n\nThe gunmen were killed without military casualties, but the shock of the incident has rattled citizen's trust in our control of internal affairs.
Troubling.
Popular Support Rising
Our recent policy of increased military patrols and police presence have reduced crime rates dramatically across the nation, and the people are slowly coming around to the idea of our government being their protectors.
We protect the people.
An increase in patrols?
While our recent military activities have been successful in quashing resistance across the nation, especially in urban areas, it has been proposed that we increase our military presence in the more rural regions of Switzerland as well.\n\nThese are the regions most difficult to maintain order in, and it would require a significant increase in manpower to cover these areas.
It will be done.
Those men are better spent elsewhere.
Fighting on the Frontier
Our recent decision to oust foreign agents from the nation has driven many to the frontiers to hide and work against the state.\n\nIn recent days these fighters have been in numerous battles against military forces patrolling in these areas, and casualties have mounted among our forces.
Damn them.
The Nation Secured
Despite the continual efforts of Syndicalist partisans to sabotage our efforts to maintain peace and order, we have successfully identified and crushed all major sources of resistance and potential dangers to the government.\n\nWith this, a new era of peace can be ushered in.
Peace at last.
French-Swiss Flow into France
The rising tide of anti-French sentiment has manifested itself in recent days in a string of violence and harassment against the significant French-speaking population remaining in the nation.\n\nThis divide has caused a wave of citizens to flow over the border into the French-occupied Haute-Savoie, and the military is struggling to clamp down on some of the more extreme cases of discrimination in the countryside.
Less traitors to worry about.
French-Swiss flow into France
Unable to accept the truth of a unified France under a Syndicalist regime, the reactionary government of Switzerland has begun a new campaign of persecution against the population of French-speaking Swiss still within their borders.\n\nThis has resulted in a flow of migrants over the border into our nation, and many have shown an interest in taking up arms for an eventual liberation of their homeland from the reactionary menace.
You are welcomed with open arms.
Integrating the Militias
Eugene Bircher's political militias helped us prevent syndicalist subversion before the coup, but many in the government are questioning the use of the militias now.\n\nBircher has committed to disbanding many of the militias, however it is the choice of the government whether to simply encourage the conscription of militia personnel into our military, or to take a more direct approach.
Accept those willing.
These men must serve.
Deciding our Immigration Policy
While Switzerland has acted liberally towards immigration in the past, the danger to our nation is too great to allow this unrestrained migration to continue.\n\nOur government has already decreed that we must address this issue; the time has come to amend our immigration policy.
Make limited changes.
Radically reduce immigration.
Eugen Bircher Flees
Due to the large pro-German bias that was present in the old government, Eugen Bircher was able to take a high-ranking position in the army.\n\nHowever, it has become apparent that his loyalty has never been to Switzerland and he has since fled to Germany along with some other capitalist refugees, too afraid to allow themselves to be judged fairly for their crimes against the Swiss people.
He will not be missed.
The Remaining Commanders
While Major General Bircher fled after the revolution, many of his brothers-in-arms have opted to stay. Their remaining in Switzerland demonstrates a great level of faith and loyalty to our nation, and their experience in the army would be invaluable to our efforts to rebuild the military.\n\nHowever, their involvement with the old guard of the military has made their status controversial among hardline revolutionaries. The possibility of removing them though is out of the question, and instead it is perhaps best that we take on a more militant posture.
Their help will be invaluable.
Liechtenstein Asks for Protection
We have just received a diplomatic envoy from the Principality of Liechtenstein. With the fall of the Austrian empire they are asking us for protection.\n\nThe Principality of Liechtenstein is the final remnant of the Holy Roman Empire and due to its unique geographic location has survived as a microstate, and an absolute monarchy, until now. Since 1818 they have been under the protection of Austria, first through the German Confederation and later through bilateral treaties.\n\nNow, since Austria is defeated, Liechtenstein has asked for our protection; what is our reply?
We would be happy to help.
The Fate of the Commune of Campione
Campione has been part of Italy since Roman times, but since the War of the Holy League in the early sixteenth century it has been entirely surrounded by Swiss land.\n\nMore recently, it has been under our administration and protection since the Italian Civil War, under an arrangement made with the collapsing Kingdom of Italy in 1919. Now that the Italians have reunified their nation again, both the Italian diplomat and the mayor of Campione have requested a meeting with us regarding its future. We plan to...
... honour our deal (return the territory to Italy).
... let them take it from our cold, dead hands.
... let the people of Campione decide for themselves.
... postpone the decision on it for 2 years.
Return of the Campione Commune
Our government has scored a minor diplomatic triumph as Switzerland has recently decided to return Campione, a formally Italian exclave in Ticino, back to us.\n\nThe lakeside commune in question was temporarily put under Swiss protection following the start of the Italian Civil War in the 1919 - now that our country is reunified again, the Swiss found no reason to keep Campione away from us any longer.
Our government has scored a minor diplomatic triumph as Switzerland has decided to return the control of Campione, a formally Italian exclave in Ticino, back to us again after a plebiscite.\n\nThe lakeside commune in question was temporarily put under Swiss protection following the start of the Italian Civil War in the 1919 - now that our country is reunified again, the people of Campione have once again decided via plebiscite to be Italian.
Evviva!
Switzerland Officially Annexes Campione
Violence erupted on the street in front of the Swiss consulate in [159.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today after Switzerland decided to annex Campione, an Italian exclave in Ticino.\n\nThe lakeside commune in question was temporarily put under Swiss protection following the start of the Italian Civil War in 1919. Now that our country is reunified again with a government they found hostile, the Swiss found no reason to continue their ruse any longer, and have annexed the commune into Ticino.
A nationalist protest was held solemnly on the street in front of the Swiss consulate in [159.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today after Switzerland decided to annex Campione, an Italian exclave surrounded by Ticino, following a plebiscite in the commune.\n\nThe lakeside commune in question was temporarily put under Swiss protection following the start of the Italian Civil War in 1919. Even though our country is reunified again, the people of Campione have collectively decided to officially join Switzerland as a canton instead.
Nothing we can do about that.
Time to teach them a lesson.
Our Campione Gambit Succeeds
The Italians have decided to back down after a brief \
Thank God!
Italy Prepares for War
The Italians turn out to be more \
Issue the Mobilisation notes! Quick!
Campione Plesbicite Results
The people of the commune of Campione, when last consulted on their fate in 1814, they voted against being annexed into Switzerland. However, given the nature of the Italian reunification, some in both our government and that of Campione believe this vote might be different.\n\nAfter a vigorous campaign by both those who wished to officially join with Switzerland and those who wished to return to Italy, a plebiscite was held among the people of Campione. Today the results are in and the people decided that...
... they are better off joining us.
... they are better off as part of Italy.
Switzerland to hold Campione's Plesbicite
Campione has been part of Italy since Roman times, but since the War of the Holy League in the early sixteenth century it has been entirely surrounded by Swiss land. More recently, it has been under the Swiss administration and protection since the Italian Civil War, under an arrangement made with the collapsing Kingdom of Italy in 1919.\n\nWhile the people of the commune of Campione voted against being annexed into Switzerland back in 1814. However, given the nature of the Italian reunification, some in both our government and that of Campione believe this vote might be different. The Swiss official wishes us to act as observers for the upcoming plesbicite, which is planned to occur in the next 60 days.
And we shall be there!
The Savoyard Crisis Resolved
A few days ago a demand from the Commune of France was telegraphed to the Swiss government: cede the province of Haute-Savoie under threat of armed coercion. The French characterised their demand as a need to end the 'persecution of the French population' within the province. The Swiss government decided to avoid war and agreed, stating that a peaceful transfer of ownership was preferable to bloodshed.\n\nThis is a victory for the French government, which has already declared the reclamation of Haute-Savoie a victory for the world's working class.
A few days ago a demand from the Commune of France was telegraphed to the Swiss government: cede the province of Haute-Savoie under threat of armed coercion. The French characterised their demand as a need to end the 'persecution of the French population' within the province. After tense debates and political discourse, the crisis has been resolved without bloodshed or the concession of Swiss occupied territories.\n\nFor now, the fragile peace in Europe is maintained, although the French willingness to resort to confrontational tactics over territorial disputes has rattled international observers.
A few days ago a demand from the Commune of France was telegraphed to the Swiss government: cede the province of Haute-Savoie under threat of armed coercion. The French characterised their demand as a need to end the 'persecution of the French population' within the province. Despite a desperate attempt to find international support for the retention of the region under the Swiss government, no nation seemed willing to risk war over the French demands.\n\nThis is a victory for the French government, which has already declared the reclamation of Haute-Savoie a victory for the world's working class.
Peace reigned supreme today as the Commune of France revoked their demands for the immediate return of the Haute-Savoie region. It is reported that France decided to revoke its claim after a pledge to \
Peace reigned supreme today as the Commune of France revoked their demands for the immediate return of the Haute-Savoie region. It is reported that the Communards decided to revoke their claim after a pledge to do \
Syndicalism spreads.
Swiss neutrality is preserved!
SVV
Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband
SPdS
Syndikalistische Partei der Schweiz
SP
Sozialdemokratische Partei der Schweiz
LPS
Liberale Partei der Schweiz
FDP
Freisinnig-Demokratische Partei
KVP
Konservative Volkspartei
BGB
Bauern-, Gewerbe- und Bürgerpartei
NF
Nationale Front
DA
Die Arbeiterwache
PdA
Partei der Arbeit der Schweiz
Austrian-Swiss Ties
Respected Austrian Vorarlberg
Swiss-French Cooperation
Swiss-French Reconciliation
Failed Negotiations
Recognised the Commune
Reinstate Order in Haute-Savoie
Our military presence in Haute-Savoie is dreadfully lacking, and without military forces to bolster local law enforcement, it is only a matter of time before our grip on the region begins to slip. We must relocate troops to the region immediately!
Maintain Peace in Haute-Savoie
With a sudden increase in French activists rallying against our mandated occupation of Haute-Savoie, the Commune of France is no doubt involved, and seeking to inflame anti-Swiss sentiment in the region. It is our duty to maintain the peace in Haute-Savoie, and that peace requires a military occupation to maintain.
The Fate of Haute-Savoie
Since the collapse of the French Republic, Switzerland has maintained a military occupation of Haute-Savoie to fulfil their mandate of maintaining neutrality in the region. Now though, the Commune of France actively supports separatists in the region and there is a rising tide of unrest from those caught in the violence. The fate of Haute-Savoie must be decided.
Fortify Haute-Savoie
An uptick in French interest and activity in the region has led to an increase in Syndicalist activity there. An increase in local fortifications should increase our ability to maintain the peace and crackdown on dissent.
Crackdown on Syndicalists
A deployment of extra security forces to Haute-Savoie and around the nation can for a time stifle their influence and ability to subvert government action.
Return Haute-Savoie
The political situation has presented an opportunity for us to properly hand over the region of Haute-Savoie back to French control. Should we choose to honour our obligation is another matter entirely.
Integrate Haute-Savoie
With the crisis in Haute-Savoie over and the region still in our hands, the possibility of integrating the territory properly into our nation has arisen. Doing so would make it impossible to return the territory to French control, but is that really what the people of the region even want?
Integrate [FROM.GetName]
With [FROM.GetName] under our control there is an opportunity to fully integrate it into our nation, giving all of the rights and opportunities to the region afforded to the rest of the Swiss Cantons.
Surveying our Natural Resources
Switzerland is a land of much untapped economic potential. We have empowered the Bureau of Mining of the Federal War, Industry and Employment Office to survey and exploit the natural resources of the nation in order to jumpstart our own industrialisation and to ensure the Swiss people can withstand the trials ahead.
The New Order
With the collapse of the feeble Swiss Federal Republic and the dawn of a new order, the nation must stand united and ready to strengthen the new government and ensure that radical elements conspiring against the regime are found and dealt with.
Open Riedholf Mine
The survey of the Riedholf Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Gonzen Mine
The survey of the Gonzen Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Käpfnach Mine
The survey of the Käpfnach Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Piatto della Miniera Mine
The Piatto della Miniera Mine in Val Cadlimo has been discovered to contain vast quantities of Chromium. Exploitation of these deposits can be initiated quickly with government approval.
Gain Control of the State
The Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband has overthrown the Swiss government and declared martial law across the nation. The people are split on the legitimacy of this new military regime, and it must secure popularity if it is to survive for long.
Hold a Military Parade
With the support of the military assured, it is time we use our forces to revitalise the people's national spirit and to display our control. A military parade through the streets of the capital is sure to move popular opinion in our favour.
Purge the Military of Syndicalists
Syndicalists have shown themselves to be the enemy of Switzerland, and the French their insidious masters. It is time to review the state of the military and review the standing of our officers and other military personnel to ensure they remain loyal to the new regime.
Secure Ostschweiz
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Ostschweiz will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Secure Mittelland
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Mittelland will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Secure Ticino
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Ticino will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Declare Martial Law
Increasing the powers and abilities of the military to fight against rebellious activity in the wake of the regime change, while initially unpopular, will assist our ability to maintain a stable nation.
Nationalise Foreign Assets
Reducing our reliance on foreign trade and supplies means we have no need for foreign investments, either. Seizing assets held by foreigners on Swiss soil will ruin our international reputation but will give our economy a strong boost.
Reclaim Romandie
After our humiliating loss of Romandie to the Commune of France, we have waited for an ideal time to strike against the occupiers of our nation's land. It is time to strike and take back the homes of our fathers!
Conquer Savoie
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Savoie. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Conquer Vorarlberg
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Vorarlberg. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Conquer Valle d'Aosta
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Valle d'Aosta. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Foreign Policy
With the turmoil in the west resolved, at least temporarily, and our neutrality broken, it is now in the best interest of the nation to formalise our allegiances. While we do value our neutrality, formalising our alliance is the only safe path forward.
Join the Donau-Adriabund
[SWI.GetSwissJoinAUS_desc]
While the Communard threat is temporarily subdued, the support of our Austrian friends is the only thing keeping their filthy syndicalist hands out of Savoy. We must show our gratitude, and ensure our future protection by formally requesting to join the Austrian Sphere.
In our great time of need, our allies in Austria came to our aid. It is now only appropriate that we return the favour, and formally join their sphere, supporting them in their future military endeavours.
Join the Reichspakt
[SWI.GetSwissJoinGER_desc]
While the Communard threat is temporarily subdued, the support of the German Empire is the only thing keeping their filthy syndicalist hands off Savoy. We must show our gratitude, and ensure our future protection by formally joining the Reichspakt.
In our great time of need, the German Empire came to our aid. We have since become de-facto members of their sphere, and it is only appropriate that we return their favour and formally join the Reichspakt, supporting them in their future military endeavours.
Join the Third Internationale
Our French allies were a great help in the liberation of our people. To protect us from the dirty imperialists surrounding us, we must formally join their military alliance.
Unlocks §YGreater Switzerland§! Decisions
§RThis will begin a confrontation with Switzerland and could lead to war.§!
We must wait for the outcome of the Savoyard Crisis to determine our political situation.
§RThe political firestorm in Haute-Savoie must be dealt with immediately.§!
Swissair
Totalists have received popular support
Syndicalists have received popular support
The Swiss are very unlikely to accept.\n
§RThe Swiss are extremely unlikely to accept.§!\n
The Swiss are likely to accept.\n
§RThis will do little to slow Syndicalist movements inside the nation.§!
Will Unlock §YSecuring the Nation§! Decisions\n
§RThis will be necessary to secure our control of the state!§!
£manpower_icon  §H5000§! £command_power §H50§!
£manpower_icon  §R5000§! £command_power §R50§!
It costs $SWI_5000_manpower_20_cp_blocked$ to take this decision
£manpower_icon  §H1000§! £command_power §H20§!
£manpower_icon  §R1000§! £command_power §R20§!
It costs $SWI_1000_manpower_20_cp_blocked$ to take this decision
Martial Law has been declared
The Government has been secured
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Stability §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$ §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Industrial Research §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Lower Syndicalist Influence §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Land Doctrine §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Political Power §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Construction Research §!§Cif passed.§!
Switzerland
Swiss
Switzerland
Helvetic Commune
Helvetic
the Helvetic Commune
Helvetic Commune
Helvetic
the Helvetic Commune
Helvetic Republic
Helvetic
the Helvetic Republic
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Swiss State
the Swiss State
Jakob Herzog
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1882, in Lucerne, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJakob \
Jules Humbert-Droz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1891, in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJules Humbert-Droz was born into Francophone, Protestant family in the canton of Neuchâtel. His parents and grandparents had longstanding connections to the Swiss labour movement, so Jules was raised in a radical, working class environment that heavily influenced his future beliefs. He subsequently graduated from the University of Neuchâtel with a thesis about the contradictions and compatibilities between Socialism and Christianity, before taking up work as a pastor and writer for local left-wing newspapers. When Switzerland escalated its \
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1891, in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Robert Grimm
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1881, in Wald, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a German Protestant family, Robert Grimm grew up the son of a machine fitter and weaver, which taught him the skills to gain an apprenticeship as a printer. Familiar with industrial machinery, he excelled in the workshops of Oerlikon, the industrial sector of the city of Zurich an embarked on his 'Wanderjahre' (journeyman years) in 1905. This wide trip across Germany, France, Austria and Italy introduced him to radical Marxist ideas. Upon his return he joined the Swiss Social Democratic Party and was subsequently blacklisted due to an attempt to organise his workplace outside of Basel. Bereft of employment, Robert turned to journalism and political activism, leaving Basel-Stadt in favour of Bern, where he participated in the strikes of 1906 and 1912. By the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, Robert turned away from the failed optimism of the Second International and towards the ambitions of Bolshevism, spending time in the company of the Russian exile Vladimir Lenin. In the wake of the February Revolution, he helped to negotiate Lenin's return and unsuccessfully sought to utilise his influence among German workers to mediate a separate peace between Russia and Germany. A year later he organised the Olten Action Committee in the eponymous Solothurn town of Olten.\n\nEconomic collapse and a looming famine had necessitated the Swiss Government to decree the conscription of all civilians to aid in public works, which faced nationwide resistance. When his comrades hesitated, Robert effectively hijacked the Social Democratic Party to push for a general strike, in hopes that it would break the back of the Federal Council and establish a Swiss People's Republic. The 1918 Swiss Landesstreik/Grève du Pays (National Strike) was short and brutal, leaving several workers dead and a near military coup shaking the country, as the army intervened to crush the uprising. Robert, who has ever since then been known as the 'Father of the National Strike', faced years in prison but upon his release returned to fighting for workers rights and maintained an immense political influence. In recent years he has drifted between both the moderate and radical wings of the socialist movement, but he has never forgotten his roots and has always been ready for the day that the glorious Swiss revolution, dreamed of in 1918, can truly be made real.§!
Swiss Federal Council
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 16th, 1848, in the Erlacherhof, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Swiss Federal Council is a seven-member executive council which serves as the collective head of state for Switzerland. Each council member heads one of seven different federal departments, and the position of Federal President moves between the seven Councillors every year, with the current year's Vice President serving as the next year's President.§!
Eugen Bircher
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1882, in Aarau, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Germanophile and diehard anti-Syndicalist, Eugen Bircher is a physician by trade and invented several groundbreaking procedures dealing with arthroscopy of the knee. After the rise of Syndicalism in France Bircher largely gave up his medical work and founded the SVV, which quickly pervaded Swiss military and political circles as a counterbalance to the rising tide of Socialism in the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1882, in Aarau, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlong with Henri Guisan, Bircher occupies the highest rank of the Swiss military available during peacetime. However, unlike his equal, he spends much of his time in politics, spearheading a semi-secret far-right organisation with great influence in the Swiss government.§!
Hans Itschner
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1887, in Stäfa, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Fritz Brupbacher
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1874, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Walter Günthart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1911, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Otto Pünter
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1900, in Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Max Rotter
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1881, in Tscheitsch, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Hans Oprecht
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1894, in Muri bei Bern, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Nobs
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1886, in Seedorf, Bern, Canton, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Müller
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1893, in Unterseen, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Wetter
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1877, in Töss, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Philipp Etter
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1891, in Menzingen, Zug, Swiss Confederation§!
Marcel Pilet-Golaz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1889, in Cossonay, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Emil Keller
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1878, in Zofingen, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Jean-Marie Musy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1876, in Albeuve, Fribourg, Swiss Confederation§!
Markus Feldmann
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1897, in Thun, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Eduard von Steiger
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1881, in Langnau im Emmental, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Leonhardt
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1885, in Tracy City, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Robert Tobler
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1901, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Hausamann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1897, in Appenzell, Appenzell Innerhoden, Swiss Confederation§!
Henri Guisan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1874, in Mézières, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in a French-speaking part of Switzerland, Guisan originally attended school and studied agricultural medicine. However, after entering the Swiss military in 1894, he has gradually climbed the ranks, and was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1932, the highest rank in peacetime. Guisan participates in politics less than many of his peers, and views the best path forward as neutrality by deterrence, supporting strong and elaborate defences to make conquering Switzerland a long and painful feat.§!
Ulrich Wille Jnr.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1877, in Thun, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a professional officer in the Swiss Army, Wille Jnr. first studied law, graduating with a doctorate. Then he chose to follow his father's footsteps becoming a professional officer in the infantry in 1901. In the next decades, Wille Jnr. would rise up the ranks achieving the highest rank in peace time, Lieutenant General in 1933. Like father, like son, Wille is a germanophile being particularly fascinated by Prussian Militarism and holds many personal ties with the German Elite.§!
Jules Borel
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1884, in Couvet, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Gustave Combe
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1882, in Orbe, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Hermann Flückiger
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1885, in Bargen, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Jakob Labhardt
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1881, in Steckborn, Thurgau, Swiss Confederation§!
Jean de Muralt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1877, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Jakob Huber
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1883, in Jonen, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Louis de Montmollin
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1893, in Savagnier, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Bandi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1882, in Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Friedrich Prisi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1875, in Uebeschi, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Friedrich Rihner
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1890, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Etienne Primault
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1904, in Cormoret, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Werner Lindecker
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1908, in Baden, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Paranoid Francophobe
