Ubangi-Shari
Ubangi
Ubangi-Shari
Bangui Republic
Bangui
the Bangui Republic
Bangui Republic
Bangui
the Bangui Republic
Bangui Republic
Bangui
the Bangui Republic
Dar al-Kuti
Dar al-Kuti
the Sultanate of Dar al-Kuti
Antoine Théophile Darlan
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Kouango, Colony of Ubangi-Shari, French West Africa§!
Jane Vialle
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Ouésso, Colony of Ubangi-Shari§!
Barthélemy Boganda
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Bobangui, Colony of Ubangi-Shari, French West Africa§!
Ben Aissa
Binyamin I
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in the Sultanate of Morocco§!
An Emirate of Chari?
Ben Aissa, former Askari commander of Bangui, has completely seized control of the city following the collapse of the chain of command. He and his Moroccan Askari have the support of German and Muslim elements in the city, and Binyamin becoming Emir of Ubanga Shari is little more than formalising a fait accompli.
Nice.
Build a Royal Palace
If we are to legitimise our rule as Emir of Chari, we surely need a palace worthy of a king.
A palace? That sounds nice.
The Aissa Dynasty
My lord, surely, as a newly crowned emir, many matters demand your attention. However, we must make sure that we do not have a dynastic crisis when you pass on; thus, the idea of establishing a formal harem of local women for you, sadiq. They would surely be honoured to meet you.
It's good to be the Emir.
Egypt's Helping Hand
Sadiq, we have to ensure that our efforts to cement your rule are not in vain. Thus, we must seek a treaty with the Kingdom of Egypt, our powerful neighbours who have greatly helped us so far.
Make it so!
The Emir of Chari Proposes a Treaty
Shortly after German control broke down over Africa, a Moroccan Askari officer by the name of Binyamin Aissa has proclaimed himself Emir of Chari, with no small amount of support from locals and his men alike, who wished public order to be maintained first and foremost, and ours, in a... less than public fashion. Now that he has established a stable dominion of his lands, he proposes to join our alliance by the means of treaty. Such a deal with greatly strengthen our Sub-Saharan position, and allow us to further increase our influence in former German colonies.
As planned.
Why would we need a treaty with a jumped up mutineer?
EER
Extrema Esquerra Republicana (Extreme Republican Left)
CNT
Confederació Nacional del Treball (National Confederation of Labour)
PSUC
Partit Socialista Unificat de Catalunya (Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia)
ERC
Esquerra Republicana de Catalunya (Republican Left of Catalonia)
ACR
Acció Catalana Republicana (Catalan Republican Action)
ACR
Acció Catalana Republicana (Catalan Republican Action
UDC
Unió Democràtica de Catalunya (Catalonian Democratic Union)
LC
Lliga Catalana (Catalan League)
CT
Comunió Tradicionalista (Traditionalist Communion)
NS
Nosaltres Sols! (Ourselves Only!)
Catalonia
Catalan
Catalonia
Jordi Arquer i Saltor
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1907, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Ángel Samblancat i Salanova
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1885, in Graus, Province of Huesca, Kingdom of Spain§!
Joan Comorera i Soler
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1894, in Cervera, Province of Lleida, Kingdom of Spain§!
Lluís Companys i Jover
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1882, in El Tarròs, Province of Lleida, Kingdom of Spain§!
Luis Nicolau d'Olwer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1888, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Joaquim de Camps i Arboix
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1894, in Girona, Province of Girona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Manuel Carrasco Formiguera
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1890, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Francesc Cambó i Batlle
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1876, in Verges, Province of Girona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Joaquim Bau i Nolla
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1897, in Tortosa, Province of Tarragona, Kingdom of Spain§!
Daniel Cardona i Civit
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1890, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!
