Iceland Focus Tree
Black Monday Woes
The Waves of Black Monday have crashed onto Iceland's shores. Our cod exports to Mitteleuropa have plummeted, and the rest of our small economy is no better off. The first steps must be taken to rebuild our economy and ensure this will never happen again.
Planning the Recovery
Iceland will never be able to have the traditional economies of our fellow Nordic countries. We must capitalise on Iceland's natural resources and those of the ocean around us in order to restore Iceland's prosperity.
Expand Industry
Black Monday has shown that Iceland's economy cannot remain a one trick pony. We shall start planning and investing in factories to make us less reliant on importing finished goods, and expand our exports beyond fish.
Regulate Agriculture
Iceland has an excellent climate for farming with its long days and lack of pests. Despite this our agricultural production is rather low due to the limited amount of land that is able to be worked with the rocky terrain. We must ensure the land is not used carelessly for little gain.
Exploit Natural Resources
Iceland is blessed with abundant natural resources, our ocean provides fish, our land gives us crops and animals, and our rivers can give us power for our nation. If we wish to bring prosperity to our island we must exploit these to their fullest extent.
Efficient Farming Methods
Tractors and synthetic fertilisers will be the keys to using every bit of farmland to its fullest potential. Educating farmers about these advancements and encouraging their adoption must be a top priority.
Hydroelectric Power
Hydroelectric dams will allow power our society for cheap and reduce our coal imports. We must start drawing up plans for dams across the nation that can also double as public work projects for our unemployed workers.
Expand Fishing Industry
Our fishermen are wandering further than ever to fish and wish to go beyond our territorial waters. We should look into making agreements with other countries or start ignoring others territorial waters.
Purchase New Fishing Vessels
We should assist our fishermen in acquiring new fishing boats that can fish further from our coast and catch more than ever before.
Expand Fishing Regions
We should expand our fishing waters southwards so that our fishermen can produce a greater output and thus increase their revenue. It will be worth it despite the confrontation with Britain this will likely entail.
Loaves and Fishes
Our initiatives to improve our agricultural and fishing industries has been a massive success. Food prices have dropped below pre-Black Monday levels. We can only hope this will allow prosperity to return to our nation.
End of Black Monday
While Black Monday has brought much suffering to our home, it has also brought opportunity like never before. Our economy has weathered the storm and recovered, and many paths lie before our small land of opportunity.
Promise Relief
In these times of crisis the government and the Prime Ministers should just not be locked in a back room working and planning. The Prime Minister shall take to the radio to allay the fears of the population and inspire confidence in his government.
Encourage Charitable Acts
The Government's public aid is simply just not built for a demand of this magnitude. More and more people are signing up for aid of all kinds and show no signs of slowing. Local wealthy citizens must take up part of this burden and we shall provide incentives to make sure this happens.
Food Drives
Black Monday has not just taken money out of the pockets of Icelanders, but it also has put many on the brink of starvation without the ability to buy food for their families. We shall launch food drives across Iceland to ensure that no one dies an unnecessary death at the hands of starvation.
Request a Danish Bailout
All the aid and investment we have made in the economy and our people have stretched our budget to the limit. Our only choice is to crawling back to Denmark for aid. We can only hope they take pity on us.
Subsidise the Rural Population
Most of our population lives in the countryside of Iceland, not in its cities, and it would be folly to forget that. Iceland's strength comes from its rural population and that is what must be aided to help our population the most.
Subsidise the Urban Population
The urbanisation of Iceland is in our long term best interest so we shall focus the majority of our public aid our biggest cities, namely Reykjavik where our aid can make the biggest impact.
Government Jobs
Our public aid has been effective in preventing our population from starving and going homeless, but it cannot continue forever. We must put our people back to work, and we shall create jobs in government to employ them, even if that means the workload for them will be relatively shallow.
Public Works Projects
If there isn't enough work for the people of Iceland we will create some. We shall improve our roads and infrastructure across Iceland and tie our country closer together and allow goods to travel across our island with ease.
King in Copenhagen
It is our duty to stick with Denmark through this storm. We have held a strong position with our quasi-independence granted to us in 1921. There is no need to shake off the status quo.
Social Insurance Act
This act will make it compulsory for every Icelandic subject between the ages of 16 and 67 to pay a premium into a general pension fund. Once the fund is properly established, pensions will then be doled out to those who were contributors and are now over the age of 67.
Repeal Prohibition
With foreign trade dried up in the post-Black Monday drought, some locals have taken to trying to brew their own local drinks. This flagrant law-breaking does not help our image and since we lack the ability to properly enforce our prohibition law out in the country, we should abolish the act.
Poor Law
This economic crisis has placed our people in dire straits. Many have fallen into poverty and we lack any programmes to help them. With the signing of the Poor Act, the local townships will be held responsible for supporting the people. To do this, they will need funding from us.
Travelling Schools
With our population largely spread out into rural communities, we have decided to create a system of travelling teachers who will move throughout the country teaching our future generations
Austerity Measures
Our people may not like it but we must tighten our belts to make it through this crisis. Through stricter austerity, we can do our best to make it through this with our limited resources.
Curtail Luxuries
In order to counteract this financial crisis, the importation of all luxury goods is to be strictly forbidden unless subject to a special government-issued licence.
Nordic Alignment
Without other friends in the Atlantic, we must turn towards our ancestral ties and align into the Nordic sphere.
Scandinavian Defence Union
Our fellow Nordic countries have joined together in an alliance with each other. We would do well to join them to protect ourselves.
King in Ottawa
We have slipped into the Canadian sphere and now must recognise [CAN_king_first_name] as our new king.
Invite the Canadian Engineers
Faced with a large increase in construction projects we must recruit more contractors from Canada to help complete these on time.
Canadian Garrison
With our position in the North Sea tenuous with the British vultures close by our southern coast, we ought to seek protection from Canada and request forces to help garrison us in case of an attempted attack by the Union of Britain.
Icelandic Royal Air Force
We lack any means to defend our skies. We must change this by creating the Icelandic Royal Air Force to train pilots to take to the skies and defend our island.
Winter Training Camps
The harsh climate of the Icelandic countryside is the perfect place to create winter weather training camps for Entente soldiers that come from all corners of the globe. Here they can train to better withstand the perilous conditions that can take many unprepared lives.
Canadian Civilian Construction Projects
The government of Canada has offered to help us expand our civilian works projects to provide better conditions for our people!
Attract IEDC Investments
The Entente has worked towards pooling their limited resources into a shared programme, the Imperial Economic Development Council. Petitioning them for additional investments shouldn't be difficult, considering our invaluable strategic position.
Bolster the Garrison
As more projects are completed on our island, the British are more and more likely to attempt to swoop in to attempt to seize the island from us. We must bolster our guard to prevent such an eventuality from taking place.
Loyalty to Britain
With the British victory in the cod war, we have been 'persuaded' to align with them and create a syndicalist government at their discretion.
Forming the New Cabinet
As we create the new government we must decide which party will be the leader of our new constitution.
Support the Rural Communities
The policies of the Farmer's party is to assure ample opportunities for the rural population of our nation. With our support, they can reach prosperity.
Shepards of the Isle
In order to continue our commitment to our rural population we must make communication with them easier. To that end, we will create a new system of roads across the centre of the island to connect them to the more populous southwest.
Support the Urban Community
The Syndicalist party became dominant due to the large support for them from the average worker in our factories. It is our policy to help those who help us so we shall invest in our urban workers.
The People's Industry
Our people deserve safe conditions in our factories. Even if we must lose efficiency in the short term, the improved conditions will bolster our worker's spirits!
British Engineers
Our position in the North Atlantic makes us a convenient base for the British in their efforts against the Royalists in Canada. As they hope to bolster their position, they have requested a great deal more projects than we have the capability of fulfilling. We must request additional aid in completing these on time.
British Fuel Theory
The British have approached us with an offer. They are interested in the expansion of their synthetic fuel creation programme. In exchange for letting them build a facility on our island, we will get a small share of the oil created to help industrialise our society.
Attract Phalanstère Investments
The French have created an industrial development initiative to help bolster socialist allies around the globe. Petitioning them for additional investments shouldn't be difficult, considering our invaluable strategic position.
Defence of the Isle
Despite the proximity of the Union of Britain to our island, we still are under threat of a Canadian assault to take over the island to use as a staging ground in their fight to reclaim their home isles. We must ask the British to garrison the island for us to prevent the Canadians from landing unopposed.
1937 Plebiscite
It had been decided in 1921 that a plebiscite would be held in 25 years concerning the continuation of the status-quo. However, the Danish influence meant that we ended up the western-most periphery of the German sphere and the economic hardship that is a result of that has pushed calls to expedite the plebiscite.
Independence Victory
The people have spoken, Iceland is to become a sovereign independent nation from Denmark, and will have no one to lean on in times of crisis but ourselves. Now only true Icelanders will determine our future, not our former Danish masters.
Celebrate Icelandic Independence
Iceland thousand years\nIceland thousand years!\nAn eternal (small) flower with a tear in its eye,\nthat praises its god, and then dies.
An Independent Althing
The Althing is the oldest surviving parliament in the world, and has existed in one form or another since 930, except for one hiatus in the 19th Century. The time has come for the Althing to once again to govern Iceland unshackled from foreign rule.
Turn Inwards
With the situation at home stabilising, it is time to start looking at how the island can prosper internally. Emboldened by their success in fixing the economical disaster of the past few years, many in the government are drawing up new plans for furthering our prosperity.
Seek New Markets
The Mitteleuropa market is too restrictive for a nation as isolated as Iceland. While it may work on the continent due to their proximity to each other, Iceland requires fewer restrictions and the ability to resume trade with their closer neighbours in Canada and Great Britain.
Canadian Trade
Our best option for trade lies with the British government in exile in Canada. Our original trade deals lay with the rightful British people who have been flung asunder. Perhaps we can do our small part in helping them retake the home isles.
British Trade
Proximity is the key factor in trade. Great Britain is the closest port for us to sell our goods. Let us seek to resume the trade that our two islands have shared for centuries.
A North Atlantic Trading Partnership
With our exit from the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc, we must form new trade agreements with our neighbours in the Atlantic.
Status Quo
The people have decided that it is in the best interest of Iceland to remain inside the Danish sphere of influence. While this current economic crisis has shaken the faith of many on the island, the people of Iceland are loyal to their king in Copenhagen.
Nordic Trade Relationship
We must remember our kin in Scandinavia. The original inhabitants of Iceland hailed from the Nordic countries. As we seek to secure additional trade deals we should look towards our fellow Norsemen.
Fiscal Reform
As our budget stretches thinner every day that we continue to help ease the suffering of our people, government economists have begun to call for a review of how the budget is run to see if there are any places where extra money can be found.
Reduce our Austerity Measures
As the economic crisis begins to die down, it is perhaps time to look into our current austerity budget. Is it time to slowly start loosening the belts around our waists and breathe a little easier?
Atlantic Isle
Iceland's place in the Atlantic stands on shaky legs unless the island can reform itself to weather the current storm.
Negotiate for Greenlandic Waters
The first explorer of Greenland hailed from Iceland. However weak this claim may be at this point we will stick with it and hope that Denmark will allow us to run fishing operations off of the coast of Greenland.
Reform the Althing
Our institution is the longest standing democracy in the world. This does mean that some portions are outdated or backwards and need to be altered to make sure that the island can be run efficiently.
Review the CWCS
We must make another attempt to review the Civil Work-Creation Scheme that is in place on the island. We have learned from the mistakes of '32 and will be sure to make the worker's voices heard as we lead this debate.
National Infrastructure Act
The quality of infrastructure on the island is nothing short of abysmal. Executive orders must be signed to prioritise their upgrade to the modern age.
Restructure the Banking System
No matter the decision that must be made, the current situation of banking in Iceland is in shambles. If the banks are to provide any help to the people, they must be reorganised from the bottom up.
Centralised Banking System
A strong central bank is what Iceland needs to recover from the recent economic crisis. The Althingi will give extended responsibilities to the Bank of Iceland to better care for the people.
Separate Banking Systems
Too much power centralised in one system is what brought this crisis upon us in the first place. A smaller series of banks dedicated to helping out specific groups of people is what Iceland needs to minimise unnecessary risk.
Curb Inflation
This economic disaster has brought up serious inflation with our currency. The new central bank will work diligently to stop the rising of inflation and turn this ruin into a miracle.
Fiscal Austerity
While the people may not like it, a temporary tightening of the belt may be just what the economy needs to get back on its feet.
Open the IFIB
In order to help out the fishermen of the island, a specialised bank centred solely on them must be created to help organise a response to this crisis. Members of the Icelandic Fishing Industry Board have expressed interest in helping start a bank for the fishermen to use as they get back onto their feet.
Connect the Island
Currently, we are cut off from the world at large. We must rectify this by expanding our naval and air facilities.
Expand our Ports
Our harbours are using out of date equipment and suffer from a lack of investment. By upgrading our dockyards we will be better placed to become a trading hub in the Atlantic.
Reykjavik Airport
Recent aeroplane upgrades have made travel to and from our island much more feasible. We must fund an expansion of an international airport to accommodate these demands.
Expand our Air Force
With the recent expansion of the Reykjavik Airport, many investors have wished to create an Icelandic owned aeronautical company. If we can supply the first initial planes, they promise us that their business will bring profit in the years to come.
Attract Tourism
We have a plethora of natural features that are sure to attract tourism. Let us use these formations to help the economy on our island.
Create the Reykjavik Shipping Company
The majority of our exports go out on Danish-flagged ships. It is time to create our own shipping company to ensure we get the revenues from our trade.
Purchase Ship Designs
Our current ships are obsolete and ill suited for the needs of the modern market. Let us purchase modern ship designs from our allies to rectify this.
Local Ship Construction
Now that we have purchased the designs for modern ships, we simply need the ability to start production at home. To that end, we must invest in the required industry needed to start production.
Expand our Trading Lanes
With our increased infrastructure we are now able to expand our ability to trade with further away countries. We shall reap the rewards for years to come.
Ailing Economy
The collapse of the British Empire in 1925, was devastating to the Icelandic economy. Britain, a long-standing economic partner was now under embargo from Mitteleuropa. While Icelandic fish exports would eventually find Mitteleuropean buyers, the damage had already been done and the Icelandic economy was in shambles with the loss of one of its most profitable trade partners.
Failing Economy
As Black Monday hits, the situation grows ever direr.
Danish-Icelandic Personal Union
After the Weltkrieg ended in 1919, the governments of Iceland and Denmark met to discuss the creation of the nation of Iceland. After brief negotiations, it was agreed that Iceland would be recognised as a sovereign nation held under a personal union between Denmark and Iceland. In exchange, Denmark would hold control over Icelandic foreign affairs and be responsible for the defence of Iceland if they are attacked.
Gúttóslagurinn Riot
During a city council meeting on the 9th of November 1932, the council debated pulling the plug on the City Work-Creation Scheme. News of this reached the population who arrived in droves to riot in front of the building demanding that the Scheme remains in place due to the fact that the economic recession still continued to afflict Iceland. This riot became known as Gúttóslagurinn and ensured that the CWCS remains in effect for the near future of the country.
The City Work-Creation Scheme
Devised as a way to help bolster the economy, the City Work-Creation Scheme provides government-funded civil projects to get the people back to work.
Recovering Economy
The road to recovery from Black Monday begins with this first step!
Recovering Economy
With continued reforms we might get out of this mess!
Recovering Economy
With our recent fishery expansion we are now slightly better off than we were before!
Recovering Economy
With our recent fishery expansion the end to this disaster looks to be in sight!
Healthy Economy
With the expansion of our fishing industry, our economy is healthy once more.
Booming Economy
With our independence secured and the Black Monday crisis behind us, our economy is now free to prosper!
Optimised Farms
With our improvements to farming, our population is now thriving!
Strong Althing
With our newly graced independence, our independent Althing will now carry much more power.
Danish Bailout
With our economy in shambles, Denmark has graciously decided to help support us in our time of need.
Canadian Bailout
With our economy in shambles, Canada has graciously decided to help support us in our time of need.
Government Jobs
The government will increase their available job positions to lower unemployment across the island.
Public Radio Addresses
Encouraged Charitable Acts
Food Drives
Severe Austerity Budget
Harsh Austerity Budget
Moderate Austerity Budget
Small Austerity Budget
Limited Austerity Budget
Social Insurance Act
Poor Law
Reformed Taxes
Travelling Schools
With our population largely spread out into rural communities, we have decided to create a system of travelling teachers who will move throughout the country teaching our future generations.
Winter Training Camps
Rural Communities Supported
Urban Community Supported
Foreign Fish Trade
Cod Sale Prospects
With the supply of cod rising, we are now able to expand our exports.
Icelandic Fish Trade
Emergency Fund for Iceland
Foreign Trade
People's Alliance
Alþýðubandalagið
Farmer's Party
Bændaflokkur
People's Unity Party
Sósíalistaflokkurinn
Social Democrat Party
Alþýðuflokkurinn
Independence Party
Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
Progressive Party
Framsóknarflokkurinn
Independence Party
Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
Danish Unity
Dansk Samling
Home Rule Party
Heimastjórnarflokkurinn
Nationalist Party
Flokkur Þjóðernissinna
The Coastal Road
The roads of Iceland are a series of twisting muddy single lane trails that are a relic of the past. Steps must be taken to improve these roads to allow Iceland to reach into the modern world!
Build the Hringvegur road
Build the Borgarbraut road
Build the Vesturlandsvegur road
Build the Hvalfjaroarvegur road
Build the Miklabraut road
Build the Suourlandsvegur road
Build the Suourlandsbraut road
Build the Austurvegur road
Icelandic State Projects
Prepare Site for Industry
The area near Reykjavik is a prime candidate for an expansion of industry on our island. It just needs a little work before construction can begin.
Expand Our Industry
Laxárstöð Hydroelectric Station
The Laxárdalur Valley is a prime candidate for the construction of new hydroelectric power plants.
Laxárstöð II Hydroelectric Station
With recent advancements in hydroelectric power generation, a second station can be built to help supplement the Laxárstöð power plant.
Icelandic Fishing Regions
Expand Towards Greenland
While not quite as profitable as our southern fishing region, we can more easily sway the Danish to allow us to fish off the coast of Greenland.
Expand in the North Atlantic
This will likely draw the ire of those in Great Britain but we need the extra space to rebuild our economy.
Canadian Projects in Iceland
With the large increase in planned projects due to Iceland's alignment with the Entente, the possibility exists for Canadian engineers to help Iceland complete its deadlines in a timely fashion.
Invite Canadian Engineers
Request Canadian Industrial Assistance
Prepare Iceland for New Industry
Build a New Factory in Reykjavik
Expand the local infrastructure
Expand the Reykjavik Seaport
Reykjavik Airport Construction
Icelandic Military Projects
With our island becoming more and more threatened by possible attacks from the warring powers of the Atlantic, we must take steps to prepare the island.
Light Fortifications for Reykjavik
Medium Fortifications for Reykjavik
Light Coastal Fortifications for Reykjavik
Medium Coastal Fortifications for Reykjavik
Western Anti-Air Emplacements
Eastern Anti-Air Emplacements
Build the Keflavik Air Base
Reinforce the IRAF
Iceland Radar Station
British Construction Projects in Iceland
Iceland position in the North Atlantic makes it a convenient base for the British in their efforts against the Royalists in Canada. With the large increase in planned projects due to Iceland's alignment with the Internationale, the possibility exists for British engineers to help Iceland complete its deadlines in a timely fashion.
Retool Our Industry
We will lose out on production in the short term while we temporarily close our industries so that we can retool them to be safer for our workers in the future.
Prepare Site for New Industry
Build an Oil Refinery in Reykjavik
Small Expansion of Reykjavik Harbour
Medium Expansion of Reykjavik Port
Further Expansion of Reykjavik Port
Expand the Local Infrastructure
Resistance Activities
With the invasion of our island by the British, we find ourselves once more under the leash of a foreign power. We must organise a resistance to build up our forces for an eventual attempt to push the British out of our country!\n\nCurrent Resistance Strength :  §G[?ICE.resistance_ICE_strength]§!\n\nCurrent Resistance Popularity :  §C[?ICE.resistance_ICE_popularity]§!\n\nCurrent Occupation Strength : §R[?ICE.occupation_ENG_strength]§!
Spread Propaganda
Discretely, we shall move through the towns of this country and discretely plant messages that align with our cause to bring the people to our side.
Broadcast Propaganda
In a bolder play, we will broadcast our message to the people along the radio. There is a chance this could draw in extra forces to the island but we must have the support of the people!
Request Canadian Support
On our own we have no ability to defend our island against the British. We must send a message to the government of Canada requesting a specialised force to help our people stand up against the British.
Raid Enemy Weapons
It is difficult to find weapons on Iceland. The nation has long stood without any serious threats to its safety which has led to a lack of weapons across the island. Almost all of them are in the hands of the British. It will be risky but we must organise a raid on one of their weaker guardposts to get weapons for the resistance.
Scout the Enemy
With what limited resources we have, proper intelligence is paramount to a successful operation. By properly scouting the enemy we will be better prepared in any operations we run against them.
Sabotage the Enemy
This will be risky but we need to wear down the will of the British to retain hold of the island. Experts will plant explosives to maximise the damage on what we cannot carry out on our own. However, this will not endear the people to our cause.
Plant a Mine
Mines are unpredictable weapons even in the best of times, but we must fight back in any way that we can. Our spies have managed to smuggle a mine back to a resistance outpost on Iceland. We would be well advised to use caution with this beast and be sure that our plan of attack is thoroughly scouted before we lay our trap lest we accidentally hit a civilian vessel.
Declare for Canada!
Our people have suffered too long under the oppression of the syndicalists from the Union of Britain! It is time to finally drive them out and invite the Canadians in their place as protector of the isle.
Iceland on the International Scene
Airport Expansion
Seaport Expansion
[FROM.GetAdjective] Trade
Icelandic Banking
Curb Inflation
Fiscal Austerity
Encourage Exports
Loans for Fishermen
Subsidies for Fishermen
Althingi
Rally Support
Reconcile the Guttoslagurinn Protests
Alleviate Unemployment
Encourage Education
Expand Infrastructure
Unemployment Crisis
Unemployment Sweeps the Nation
Formed the North Atlantic Trade Organisation
Iceland has a healthy economy.
The Plebiscite of 1937 has been held.
The Independence Vote Won!
The Status Quo Vote Won!
Iceland has remained neutral in the Cod War.
Already working on a road construction project
We are ready to start industrialising
Supported the Rural Population
Supported the Urban Population
Opted for a Balanced Approach
Has started fishing operations off the coast of Greenland
Denmark has allowed us to fish off the coast of Greenland
$unlocks_decisions$ to start expanding the §CIndustry§! on the Island
$unlocks_decisions$ to build §CHydroelectric Power Plants§! on the Island
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecision§! to expand our §CFishing Industry§! to rid us of §RBlack Monday§!
We will send diplomats to the other §CNordic countries§! to bolster our relations with them
We will look to secure trade with §CCanada§!
We will look to secure trade with the §CUnion of Britain§!
This will unlock §Yfocuses§! to improve §CIceland§!!
This will create §Glarge scale jobs§! for those who are §Runemployed§! in our country!
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with construction projects across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with civilian §Gconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with military §Cconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ to help out our §Crural population§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to help out our §Curban population§!
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with various §Gconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ to work with the Union of Britain on building an §Coil refinery§! on Iceland
Back down from the cod trade
Give the Icelanders a better deal
$unlocks_decisions$ to deal with the §CCivil Work Creation Scheme§!
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§! to bring stability back to our §Gcurrency§!
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§! to §Rtighten§! the belt
$unlocks_decisions$ to focus on our §CFishing Industry§!
$unlocks_decisions$ relating to the §Cinternal policies§! of Iceland\n
Request the rights to §Gcatch fish§! off the coast of §CGreenland§! from §CDenmark§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to deal with upgrading the ports of Iceland
Purchased Naval Designs
§GResistance Strength§! decreases by $RIGHT|R0$.
§GResistance Strength§! increases by $RIGHT|G0$.
§CResistance Popularity§! decreases by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
§CResistance Popularity§! increases by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§ROccupation Strength§! decreases by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§GResistance Strength§! is greater than §Y15§!\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y20§!
§GResistance Strength§! is greater than §Y35§!\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y40§!
\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y85§!\n§ROccupation Strength§! is less than §Y15§!
§GSuccessful Attack§!
§RFailed Attack§!
§RMine hits a civilian vessel§!
§GMine hits a British ship§!
§CMine is a dud§!
This will make any other subsequent operations §Cmore likely to succeed§!.
Starting in 1874, Iceland had its first taste of independence when Denmark granted the colony home rule. When the guns fell silent after the Weltkrieg, Iceland joined the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc which brought a period of prosperity to the island. However, this economic prosperity would not last forever. The British Revolution of 1925 shattered the miracle that post-Weltkrieg Iceland was experiencing. The last decade has seen Iceland floundering as its economy never fully recovered from the loss of Great Britain. Many politicians are now bringing forward further plans to revitalise the island.
GFX_ICE_intro
Iceland in 1922
Starting in 1874, Iceland had its first taste of independence when Denmark granted the colony the right to home rule and a constitution. As a part of Denmark, Iceland remained neutral throughout the Weltkrieg. After the conclusion of the Weltkrieg, Iceland joined the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc alongside its master Denmark.\n\nThis brought a period of prosperity to the island nation as Iceland could now tap into two markets for its main export: fish. The British market continued its lucrative fish imports from Iceland due to the distance between the two islands. Meanwhile, the entry of Icelandic Cod into the European Market became a source of smaller additional funds to help boost Iceland's economy.
Iceland in 1925
However, this economic prosperity would not last forever. The British Revolution of 1925 shattered the miracle that post-Weltkrieg Iceland was experiencing. As the royalists fled to various corners of the Empire, the British-Icelandic trade route instantly ran dry. The only close remainders of the cod trade were the royalists who fled to Canada but they had more pressing economic issues than resuming Icelandic trade.\n\nThus, Iceland was left wallowing in the wake of the British Revolution which saw the country's exports to Britain dry completely. The Mitteleuropean market has helped Icelandic fishermen somewhat, but the economy has been slow to adjust.
Iceland in 1932
To help put a stopgap on the massive unemployment that started to rise in the country, the Althing created the City Work-Creation Scheme to put the people to work on manual labour construction projects. This worked for some time but eventually became a divisive topic between the parties in the government.\n\nDuring a city council meeting on the 9th of November 1932, the council debated pulling the plug on the project. News of this reached the population who arrived in droves to riot in front of the building demanding that the Scheme remains in place due to the fact that the economic recession still continued to afflict Iceland. This riot became known as Gúttóslagurinn and ensured that the CWCS remains in effect for the near future of the country.
Iceland in 1936
While the past decade has been a disaster for the people of Iceland, there still remains a hope for a brighter future over the horizon. Prospective government officials have started crafting plans for large scale public works projects to provide jobs, kick-starting a tourism industry, or even looking into tapping into the geothermal and hydroelectric resources that our island provides us with. Perhaps with a little assistance from Denmark, we can make these dreams come true!
§MPlebiscite in the North Atlantic§!\n §MSocial Democrats§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n £white_dot Choose to remain in the Danish sphere in the 1937 plebiscite.\n\n§MIndependence Party§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n £white_dot Choose to be independent in the 1937 plebiscite.\n\n\n§MOutcome of the Cod War§!\nThe following paths will require us to be independent and choose the matching game rule!\n£white_dot We will need to complete the decision \
Iceland Expands Its Fishing Zones
With our recent change in policy, our fishermen now have a much larger area to trawl fish from. This is expected to increase our haul by large margins. To that end, our merchants have already started looking towards our old trade partners in the British Empire to see if there is a possible economic deal we can make.
What a bountiful catch!
Iceland Expands Their Fishing Zones
Iceland has recently claimed large swathes of the North Atlantic as their rightful fishing grounds. This is bound to draw the ire of the Syndicalists in Britain but we could perhaps use this occasion to gain support in Iceland to eventually use as a staging ground for the reclamation of the home isles.
Offer Iceland a deal.
We can't risk it.
Iceland Expands into British Waters!
The Icelanders have expanded into our waters in the North Atlantic. They claim that they are only trying to get over the lingering effects of Black Monday but they nevertheless have created unrest from the Scottish fishermen in the north. They are a small nation and whatever fish they pull in won't affect us too badly but we have a chance to attempt to rekindle the trade agreement that our two Atlantic isles shared before the Revolution.
Attempt to form a deal.
There is plenty of fish in the sea.
Canada Offers a Deal
The merchants of Canada have contacted us to express their interest in an economic deal between our two countries. As the largest successor state to the British Empire, they hope to resume the trade that our islands once shared.
To our friends in Ottawa!
The Union of Britain Offers a Deal
The merchant union in the Union of Britain has come to us to discuss the terms for a potential economic deal. Our two islands once shared a generous trade deal in the past but recent events of the last decade have caused the dissolution of that deal. They claim that now is the perfect time to renew the trade.
Once more shall the isles trade!
Iceland Receives Multiple Trade Offers
With our recent expansion, the powers on both sides of Atlantic are vying to get their piece of the cake. Both the Canadians and the syndicalists have made overtures to make new deals for our growing supply of cod. Which side should we create a trade agreement with?
Make a deal with Canada!
Make a deal with the Union of Britain!
Cod Trade Deal Formed With Iceland
Our merchants have successfully secured a deal with Iceland. This deal will help them get out of their economic slump and gain us a valuable ally in the North Atlantic.
Cross Atlantic cod trade begins!
No North Atlantic Cod Deal Signed
It seems that despite our generous offers to both the Royalists and the Syndicalists, neither side is interested in pursuing a trade deal with us for our catches. Due to this unfortunate series of events, we must turn eastward towards our fellow Nordic nations and attempt to align closer to them.
Now we must turn inwards...
Canadian Cod Deal Signed
The Canadians have agreed to a deal for our cod sales. We will now see a substantial increase in our profits from this.
A sweet catch!
Icelandic-Canadian Deal Signed
The royalists have signed a deal with the locals of Iceland to encourage them to fish in our waters and take the fish that rightfully belongs to us. We must retaliate or face humiliation over being belittled by such a tiny nation.
Contest the Waters!
Cod Deal Signed With Iceland
Icelandic merchants have opted to resume the trade that our two nations shared in the past. Let the future of our islands grow prosperous together.
Atlantic cod trade begins!
Atlantic Cod Deal Signed!
With the signing of this deal, the Unionists have agreed to look past our intrusion upon their waters in exchange for giving them a significant portion of our new catches. This will allow a safer environment for our fishermen.
To our Atlantic allies!
The British Have Made a Deal With the Icelanders
Those dastardly Unionists in Britain have struck a deal with Iceland for almost a complete monopoly on the cod sales gathered from the North Atlantic. We can't let that happen! Should we offer Iceland a new deal or quietly back down?
A sweeter deal for Iceland.
A quiet exit from the cod trade.
Canada Approaches Us With a New Deal
Not willing to be pushed out of Iceland over a business deal, the Canadians have approached us with a new deal for our cod sales. They agree to pay a much higher price for the cod compared to our offer from the British. Should we switch sides and go with the Canadian deal, or stay committed to our British deal?
To a brighter future with Canada!
Our allegiance lies with Britain
Contest the Waters!
Icelandic fishing trawlers are claiming our waters and stealing catches that should be rightfully ours! How should we respond?
Show them their place!
Warding off the Trawlers
Following this outrageous assumption of fishing rights from Iceland, we have sent a small detachment of destroyers out to stop this threat against our fishermen. The destroyers RNS Seawolf and Sparrowhawk have seen success in warding off any Icelandic fisherman who foolishly try to claim our waters.
Britannia rules the waves!
Fishermen Attacked
In the past couple days, our fishermen have come under assault by a small squadron of destroyers sent from the Union of Britain to contest the waters. Following these attacks, less of our fishermen are willing to trawl the rich waters that we have just claimed ownership of from the British. As a consequence, we are not able to draw in as many fish for sale.
We won't back down over a few destroyers!
Retaliate Against Their Trawlers?
Some of our population calls for revenge against the British for attacking our fishermen. They clamour for us to equip some of our coast guard vessels to intercept British trawlers operating in our waters.
Cut their lines!
No need to stoop to their level.
Fishermen Still in Danger
Despite our quiet withdrawal from the contested waters, the British continue to harass our fishermen. They are careful to stay within our previous territorial waters yet the British still viciously chase down our boats. Once more the fishermen are requesting that we mobilise some of our coast guard vessels with armament to protect them. Who would we be if we just left our people alone on the high seas?
Mobilise the coast guard!
We can't risk the British response.
Fishermen March on the Althing
Faced with a continual lack of government support, large groups of fishermen have started to gather in the capital to march on the Althing and demand action. This situation reminds many of when back in 1932 a group of workers started a riot over the City Work Creation Scheme. We are now faced with two options: either we cave to the fishermen and mobilise the coast guard, or we can try to plead mercy from the British. What does the government decide?
The fishermen must be protected!
May the British find mercy.
British Fishermen Attacked
We have received reports that Icelandic patrol boats from the coast guard have been equipped with net cutters and sent after our fishing boats. As the Icelandic vessel sails behind our trawlers, the trailing hook cuts our nets compromising our ability to collect fish. Our force in the North Atlantic is spread too thin to protect all our fishermen. We must send them reinforcements!
Reinforce the squadron!
A Hero Returns Home
In a daring raid against the British fishing trawler Carlisle, the crew of the Ægir found themselves under attack from a new British squadron that was freshly deployed to the region. The commander of the RNS Dunedin ordered his ship to ram the Ægir to protect their fishing vessel. After two ram attempts, the Ægir was barely left upright hanging on by a single screw. In an act of desperation, the commander of the Ægir gave the order to man the guns, in spite of the overwhelming firepower advantage that the Dunedin had at her disposal. Serviceman Guðmundur Kjærnested manned the 6 pounder to deter the Dunedin from finishing the fleeing patrol vessel off. News of the crew's heroism has swept across the nation and people are calling for the knighting of Guðmundur Kjærnested.
Remember the Ægir!
Appeal to the Canadians for Aid
While the Ægir was successful in beating back the British, we don't have enough vessels to sustain an attritional battle against the British. We need some more substantial aid to protect our waters. Something that the Canadians ought to be able to provide. How much should we ask of them?
Request troops and a naval force
Request just a naval force
Iceland Requests Aid From Us
The Icelandic government has approached us looking for military assistance. The waters off their coast are becoming more like a warzone every week as the coast guard and republican navy clash against each others fishing ships. Without our protection, the cod deal we have running with them could wither away as the Republican navy could cut off Iceland.
$iceland_events.21.d_start$ They have asked for a detachment of troops to protect the island itself and several vessels to ward off the republican forces. How should we respond?
Send them what they ask for!
We can only spare the naval force.
We can't spare anything.
$iceland_events.21.d_start$ They have asked for several vessels to ward off the republican forces. How should we respond?
Send off the Navy
Today marks the departure of the newly formed Northwest Atlantic Squadron for the Icelandic waters. The fleet is composed of the destroyers HMCS Sterling and Tactician led by the light cruiser HMCS Dauntless. Command will be issued from the HMCS Cumberland which will serve as the flagship. Together, our proud men set sail to protect our trade from those godless syndicalists in the Home Isles.
Good Luck and Godspeed!
Canadian Fleet Arrives
Our harbour was busy today as the Canadian ships we requested have just arrived. The British destroyer RNS Seawolf had been prowling after a few of our fishing trawlers waiting for an opportune moment to disrupt our haul for the day but the arrival of the Northwest Atlantic Squadron had the destroyer fleeing with its tail between its legs. The Canadian sailors were given a cheerful greeting by our fishermen on the docks as they pulled into the harbour.
Welcome Canadians!
Canadian Armed Forces Arrive
On a bit of a quieter note, forces from Canada have landed in Akureyri last night. They opted to take a more indirect route through the Arctic waters to avoid catching the notice of any British vessels. In the event that we are attacked, we will be better prepared to hold back the enemy.
Reassuring.
No Aid From Canada
Disappointing news came today as our envoy to Canada has reported back that the Canadians are unwilling to devote any resources to help protect us and the cod trade between our two countries. We can not expect any aid from Canada from the Republican navy.
We stand alone...
More Lost Fishing Trawlers
As the week continues since the Canadians neglected to send support to us, we have had massive problems with the Republican navy. Their bolstered forces are able to terrorise our vessels and restrict nearly all fishing off of our southern coast. We have contacted Canada to inform them of the cancellation of our trade agreement due to our inability to protect our fishermen.
We must admit defeat...
Fishing Deal With Iceland Is Ended
Iceland's fishermen are ruthlessly attacked without our aid which has severely diminished the amount of fish they can haul as fewer fishermen are willing to go out on the seas. To this end, the merchants from Iceland have informed us that the trade deal between our countries is at an end.
Unfortunate.
Send an Ultimatum to Iceland?
With the situation in Iceland firmly under our control, we now face a crossroads. We could send some representatives to Iceland to 'suggest' that they form a new syndicalist government under our guidance. Or we could leave them alone on their island without any other major allies.
Send some representatives.
Let them remain isolated.
Ultimatum From Britain
With the Canadian forces unwilling to engage further, Iceland has fallen further and further into the British sphere. Now, Britain has sent representatives 'strongly suggesting' we adopt a syndicalist government and join the Third Internationale. What is not said, of course, is the implied threat of using force to enforce it - they will not accept a refusal. Without any allies left, we have little choice but to comply.
We must bow...
Alone in the Atlantic
As the cod war draws to a close, the Union of Britain stands dominant over us. However, they have contented themselves with merely leaving us adrift, alone, and allyless in the Atlantic. Now we must figure out what to do with our mourning country.
Look to the East!
Canadian Fleet Arrives
The royalists have recently arrived in Iceland to help them claim our waters as their own!. The presence of their squadron has our republican navy on the back foot. We need a new strategy for our probes into the Atlantic.
Get Aggressive!
Stick Together!
Aggressive Strikes from the British
While the Canadian squadron has been effective in stopping some attacks against our trawlers, frequently our fishermen have found themselves under attack before they can radio for help in time. With a force of planes flying recon overhead, we can get the edge we need against the Republican navy.
Request planes for aerial recon,
All Quiet in the North Atlantic
For now, the skirmishes in the Atlantic have come to a close. The Canadians and British have been eyeing each other up as the fleets shadow each other's movements. Neither side has been willing to force an engagement as the Canadians do not want to be seen as the aggressors while the British are unwilling to make a move against the overwhelming firepower of the modern heavy cruiser that leads the Canadian squadron.
Peace at last!
Iceland Requests Scout Planes
The government of Iceland has requested a lease of scout planes to help our squadron better protect their merchant's vessels.
Send them the planes
We can't spare anything
Canada Sends Scout Planes
The government in Canada has authorised the shipment of a wing of scout planes to help us defend our merchants.
Thanks, Canada!
Canada Does Not Send Any Scout Planes
The Canadian government has told us that their planes are needed more elsewhere in the world.
Unfortunate.
A Daring Plan for the Atlantic
Admiral Norman Holbrook has come to us with a plan to break the Canadians stationed in Iceland. Recently returned from a hunting trip, Holbrook had inspiration come to him. Eventually, everyone falls into a routine pattern. He believes if we track the Canadians long enough they will eventually reveal a pattern of when they retire to harbour. Once we learn the timing, we can send a submarine in to blow their armoured cruiser before they even know what is happening, giving us the edge in the Atlantic!
Authorise the raid.
The Raid on the Cumberland
Tonight marked the appointed night of the raid. Our brave submarine crew operating underneath Holbrook took to the sea and carefully made their way to the harbour where the Canadian fleet was docked for the night. Due to the lax nature of the recent conflict in the Atlantic, there seemed to be no real attempt to post adequate sentries to stand guard against something like this. As Holbrook surfaced he fired two salvoes of torpedoes into the HMCS Cumberland. The first salvo was ineffective, bouncing off the hull, but the second salvo ripped a massive hole into the starboard hull immediately causing it to list over and begin to flood. Following this display of fireworks, Holbrook and his crew submerged and began their escape back to the safety of British waters.
In and out clean.
Claxons in the Night
Chaos rang out in the harbour last night. The peace over the last month has led to our guard being more relaxed than it should have been. For tonight saw the loss of our heavy cruiser the HMCS Cumberland. Aboard, we lost some 300 sailors as the ship sunk fairly quickly. We suspect some of the ammunition was improperly stored below the deck or a that a boiler had a mechanical failure overnight. No matter the reason, this loss is felt deeply by everyone in Iceland and Canada.
Chaos in the Harbour!
Sombre News From Iceland
We have received grave news from Iceland today. Overnight, the heavy cruiser, HMCS Cumberland experienced a sudden explosion causing the ship to sink rapidly. The cause of the explosion is not known at this time but the incoming reports list at least 300 sailors lost in this tragic incident.
A day of mourning.
The Fate of the Cumberland
Following the tragedy of the Cumberland, we have dispatched divers to search the wreckage for any more information that we missed in the chaos of the night. By the afternoon, our divers found the smoking gun. Almost literally. They found an intact syndicalist torpedo of British design laying on the bottom of the port. This tragedy was not a mechanical failure but a deliberate assault from the Union of Britain against us! We will not stand for this!
Demand an apology!
Cumberland Submarine Raid Discovered
This morning we received a telegram from the government of Iceland demanding reparations for the sinking of the HMCS Cumberland. They claim to have indisputable evidence against us that prove we were the ones responsible for the loss of their ship. Our submarine crew claim they were in and out without being detected. How should we respond to this outrageous accusation?
Deny our role.
Boast about our role in the sinking!
The British Response to the Cumberland Telegram
The British are denying their role in the sinking of the HCMS Cumberland. However, the torpedo we found is definite proof of their dastardly deed. The international community must know of the heinous nature of those in the Union of Britain to attack a ship full of boys in the dead of night.
They will be forced to admit the truth.
The British have responded to our telegram with boasts. They boast proudly about their daring crewmen who were willing to sail into the jaws of our harbour to inflict damage upon us. They claim that they were only protecting their fishermen with a forward defence. The Canadians must know of the cruelty of their British brothers.
Those devils!
British Torpedoes Found Near the Wreck of the Cumberland
News has come from Iceland in regards to the cause of the sinking of the HMCS Cumberland. Divers found an intact British torpedo that failed to detonate when it was launched against the hull of the Cumberland. The explosion was not an internal mechanical failure after all but an insidious attempt by the British to cowardly attack us during the night. Our people clamour for revenge over the loss of our young men aboard the Cumberland who never made it to shore.
The people shall be heard!
Spies Report Back From Canada
Our spies in Canada have reported back to us about the public opinion in Canada towards Iceland since the sinking of the Cumberland. In contrast to what we thought, the surprise attack did not discourage them but rather embolden them. They remain resolute in their commitment to Iceland. How should we proceed?
Blockade Iceland!
Back down.
Free rein over the waters!
In an unexpected turn of events, the British have opted to back down from the skirmishes in the Icelandic waters. This places us as the undisputed masters of the waves around our island. Our fishermen are now free to resume catching fish without fear of any attacks from the Republican navy. We could not have done this without the aid of Canada.
Britannia no longer rules the waves
Ships All Across the Horizon
This morning our merchants woke to a horrifying sight: the horizon filled with British warships. In a display of power, the British have stationed their supercarrier the Rebecca 5 miles off the shore from Reykjavik. Bombers have flown over Reykjavik dropping thousands of pamphlets that state that our trade with the Canadians is now at an end and that we are strongly advised to heed whatever demands the British send to us.
Cut off from our friends in the west...
North Sea Squadron Trapped
As the British descend on Iceland, our detachment of ships has become trapped in the Icelandic ports. Any attempt to break out of the blockade would be a bloodbath. They are effectively trapped.
May God help them!
The Blockade of Iceland
Our blockade over the course of the last week has been a great success. All trade with the royalists in Canada has ceased on Iceland. Our intelligence reports no action from the Canadians to relieve their trapped squadron of sailors in Iceland. We have Iceland right where we want them.
A successful operation.
Delivering the Demands
Following a two week period of blockade, their merchants and traders must be desperate for some ability to resume trade. We have proposed a treaty for them. In the deal, we press our claims over the waters, which naturally give us a sizeable portion of all profits that come from fish caught by Icelandic fishermen. Any disagreement with said policy would be seen as an attack against our sovereign waters and would be subject for military intervention.
Force their hand!
Britain Offers a New Deal
British merchants delivered an ultimatum to our merchants earlier today. They landed at Reykjavik and demanded a meeting with the prominent traders of Iceland. They brought with them a document in which they pressed their claims over the waters, which entitled them to a sizeable portion of all profits from fish caught by Icelandic fishermen. Any disagreement with their deal would be seen as an attack against their sovereign waters and they say they will not hesitate to send in the military to ensure we honour the bargain.
Reject their extortion!
We have no choice but to bow...
Organising the Defence of Iceland
Following our rejection of their ridiculous demands, the British merchants left in a big huff of hot air. We don't expect they would make any empty threats after their raid on the Cumberland. Therefore, we must prepare for their incoming attack. How should we proceed?
To arms!
Organise an underground resistance.
Iceland Rejects Our Demands
With their rejection of our terms, we now have a justifiable excuse to land forces on their island. They have no military of any means and would have no means to resist us. Should we land a large force in a display of power, or use our resources elsewhere and deploy a smaller force?
Display our power!
A small force will do the job.
Icelandic Lies Defeated
The Icelanders attempted to offer up resistance with the help of their Canadian allies at the beaches. They, however, were no match for our Republican marines who made short work of them. We now stand atop our conquered isle.
Triumph!
Uncontested Landing
Our forces have successfully landed on Iceland. The locals put up no resistance and we were able to quickly secure key positions throughout Reykjavik and take control of the island.
Who can hope to stand against us?
Operation Fork Foiled!
We underestimated the tenacity of the Icelandic people. They were able to mount a sturdy defence with the aid of their Canadian allies and beat back our small landing parties into the sea. With this setback, we look like fools on the international scene with our failure to project power against a country as small as Iceland.
How could this happen?
Defeat in Iceland
Our forces attempted to fight a pitched battle to retain control of Iceland. Unfortunately, the British came in too large numbers and were able to defeat us.
Catastrophe!
Organise a Commando Resistance?
Without boots on the ground, our visible presence in Iceland has been finished. Should we attempt to send commandos to Iceland to help organise a local resistance against British rule?
A good idea!
Too risky...
The people of Iceland are not content to lie under the heel of the Union of Britain. They have requested that we send a small force of commandos to help them drive off the British. Should we send them?
Send the men!
The plan is too risky...
Defeat in the Field
We gambled everything we had on this one attempt to drive the British back. Despite our best efforts, the British simply kept coming and blew through our limited defenders. The British have been quick to implement martial law and our government does not have long until they receive a demand that they can not refuse.
Once more under the yoke...
Iceland's New Government
With our conquest of the island, our delegations have been busy drafting up a new government for us to install on Iceland. The previously marginalised syndicalist population will be given control of a new Althing that ultimately answers to us.
A new government for the island!
British Troops in Reykjavik
British troops landed on Iceland earlier today and quickly seized control of all the key government buildings. The Althing is expecting to receive demands from the Union of Britain any day now.
We stood no chance.
British Troops Beaten Back
Our forces in Iceland successfully held off a British attack on the island. Their heroism will be remembered for a long time as revenge for the Cumberland!
Remember the Cumberland!
Successful Defemce of Iceland
Our Canadian allies were able to push the British back into the sea when they attempted a landing with a small contingent of troops. For now, the island retains its independence.
Thanks to Canada!
The Icelandic Question
With the failure of our ground forces, the navy has come forward to offer their support for a new operation. This would involve sailing the Rebecca right off the port of Reykjavik and sending bombers to target their infrastructure and harbour facilities to demonstrate what we are capable of. This would likely draw the ire of the international community. Our other option would be to back down out of the waters and hope that this debacle fades from memory.
Make an example of Iceland!
Back Down.
Britain Back Down From the Atlantic
The representative from the Union of Britain has announced that the Union of Britain is withdrawing from its current affairs in the North Atlantic. This means we are free to align ourselves with our Canadian trade partners and protectors.
Free from their tyranny!
Reykjavik Bombed!
Panic broke out overnight as the RNS Rebecca sailed up to the Reykjavik port and launched wave after wave of bombers. They struck with precision crippling what little infrastructure we have and the port facilities. Other waves dropped mass pamphlets that called for Iceland to adopt a policy of isolation in the Atlantic. It will take some time to rebuild this damage!
Luckily, the people are alright.
The Austerity Budget
As the markets start to hike their prices, we must turn inwards and try to reduce our reliance on imports from elsewhere.
Moderate adherence to austerity!
A small austerity budget!
The Question of Fund Allocation
As our nation is thrown into great economic crisis, the people have cried out in a request for aid. Our coffers are very light so we will only be able to send a token gesture to one side. Who should we help relieve?
Support the rural areas.
Support the urban areas.
Members of the Reykjavik Council Protest
Over the past twenty years, the city of Reykjavik has more than doubled in population. With the crash of global imports post-Black Monday, the inhabitants are facing dire times. The Council has pleaded with us to help them if we find more money in the budget.
If we find the money...
The rural population needs our help more!
The Rural Population Protests
Since we have elected to give our resources to support the urban population of Iceland, the post has been filled with letters from the outlying communities with their complaints. They argue that their goods are what give those in the city jobs and that without the rural community, the urban community would be unable to survive.
A strong capital will share its wealth out later!
Public Radio Broadcasts
People all across the Island have started to gather to listen to the Prime Minister speak on the radio. Almost all radios are tuned to hear him as he tells the people how the Althingi is taking steps to fix the instability that is facing their country.
How reassuring.
Continue the Radio Broadcasts?
The people are greatly in favour of the radio broadcasts that have been given out to the nation to assure their worries over the course of the past year. Now we must ask ourselves if we wish to continue the broadcasts for another year.
The people need the comfort!
Our efforts are better spent elsewhere.
Iceland Asks for Financial Relief
The government of Iceland has come forward to us with a request for financial assistance during this crisis that we find ourselves in after Black Monday. They claim that with the injection of Danish cash into the Icelandic economy, they will be able to finance their own recovery programmes. The amount that they ask for is relatively small due to the difference in population density between our two nations. Should we grant them this request?
We must help our people!
They must help themselves.
Denmark Sends Financial Relief
The government of Denmark heard our pleas and responded with grace. They have granted us a very generous sum of money to kickstart relief programmes to get our nation back on its feet!
Thank you, Denmark!
Denmark Withholds Relief
Our pleas fell on hard hearts when we requested a bailout from Denmark. They claim that the economic crisis is hitting them too hard at home to provide any relief for us. We will have to make do with what we have on hand.
We must weather this alone.
A Charitable People
The people of Iceland have gone above and beyond to reach out a helping hand to their neighbours in need. Churches all across the island have started donation drives and opened their doors to any and all who come seeking help. If everyone could love their neighbour as much as these men and women do, then the world might just turn out to be a better place.
May the Lord smile on their kindness.
Running a Census
With our commitment to aiding the rural population, we need an accurate account of where they are located and in what numbers. Due to the general lack of communications infrastructure across the island, the census must be taken via messengers sent out from Reykjavik. Many generous herders near Reykjavik have offered some of their horses to be used to send riders off.
Send out the riders!
Sending Out Aid
With preliminary reports coming in, the aid for the rural population has begun to be doled out to the people. Carts and wagons are loaded up and then sent in teams out into the countryside to reach the more remote settlements on the island.
They will surely appreciate this.
Temperance Movement Protests
With the repeal of prohibition, the International Order of Good Templars have expressed their dissatisfaction with our recent policy change. They claim that this will lead to societal corruption as the tree of life and prosperity needs water, not alcohol.
What is one drink here or there?
Reform the Taxes
As the government has taken a larger role in creating work opportunities for our people, we have increasingly run into budgetary restraints. With a new tax system, we can afford to continue these projects and keep people working
These tax dollars are needed for our government projects.
No need.
Reducing Our Austerity Budget
It has been several years since the disastrous crash of Black Monday that threw our struggling economy into shambles. To that end, it is time to consider cutting back on the austerity budget that we have imposed on our people. The times have seen recent improvement in our situation that will allow us to start to slowly start reducing the severity of our budget. The people would surely appreciate this cutback. What shall we do?
Reduce our austerity budget.
Stay at our current budget.
Austerity Budget Reduced, When Should We Revisit Our Situation?
With our recent reduction in the austerity budget, we have seen an increase in the people's lifestyles as they are once more able to enjoy a higher quality of life. Our next decision should be when we wish to revisit the issue.
Let us look again in six months.
Let us look again in one year.
Austerity Budget Untouched, When Should We Revisit Our Situation?
Our current policy is to keep our current level of austerity. While people may not like this, this will help keep the economy running. However, our next decision should be when we wish to revisit this issue.
It has been six months since we last decided to reduce our austerity budget. Do we wish to continue rolling back our austerity budget or should we remain where we are at currently?
It has been one year since we last decided to reduce our austerity budget. Do we wish to continue rolling back our austerity budget or should we remain where we are at currently?
It has been six months since we last decided to remain at our current austerity budget. Is it time to start rolling back our austerity budget or should we remain where we are at currently?
It has been one year since we last decided to remain at our current austerity budget. Is it time to start rolling back our austerity budget or should we remain where we are at currently?
An End to Austerity!
With our final budget reassessment, we are finally free of the austerity system that we have had in place the last few years. The people rejoice as this hour of darkness draws to a close!
At last!
Inviting the Canadian Engineers
With our recent alignment into the Canadian sphere, we now find ourselves with orders for new projects that are beyond our current limit. We will need to ask the Canadians for personnel and materials to help complete these projects.
Drop a line to the Canadian royal engineers.
Requesting a Canadian Garrison Force
We stand only a short distance away from the Union of Britain. By the time we learn of any British invasion, it will be too late for Canadian forces to intervene launching from Halifax or Newfoundland. Instead, we request that his majesty send a garrison of men to help defend the isle from the Union of Britain.
Request the Z Force.
Request Reinforcements for the IRAF
With our proximity to Great Britain, it would be prudent for us to bolster our air force to be more prepared to fight back against any enemies who draw near our own island.
Request more fighters.
We need more bombers.
Iceland Requests Reinforcements for the IRAF
Our forces in Iceland have requested reinforcements for the IRAF. They have asked for us to spare some fighters to help them defend our base on Iceland.
We can spare some fighters.
We need our fighters elsewhere.
Canada Sends Fighter Reinforcements
The government in Canada has authorised the shipment of a wing of fighters to help us defend Iceland.
Canada Does Not Send Fighter Reinforcements
The Canadian government has told us that their fighters are needed more elsewhere in the world.
Our forces in Iceland have requested reinforcements for the IRAF. They have asked for us to spare some bombers to help them defend our base on Iceland.
We can spare some bombers.
We need our bombers elsewhere.
Canada Sends Bomber Reinforcements
The government in Canada has authorised the shipment of a wing of bombers to help us defend Iceland.
Canada Does Not Send Bomber Reinforcements
The Canadian government has told us that their bombers are needed more elsewhere in the world.
Forming the New Government
Our alignment in the British sphere means we will need to create a new government for our island. Should this new government be lead by the People's Party or the Farmer's Party?
Favour the Syndicalist Party.
Favour the Farmer's Party.
The State of the Roads
The infrastructure of Iceland has never been the top priority as most activities took place on the coast where the boat was the better form of transportation. As Iceland attempts to modernise, our backwards infrastructure really shows its age. What few roads that exist on the island are only seasonal and are in extremely poor condition.
We must do something about this!
Warm Water Piping
A recent development in Iceland is the installation of warm water piping in certain parts of Reykjavik. Discovered when a farmer set a pipe to draw steam into his house a few years ago, the idea caught on quickly. Many schools and hospitals in the city were the first buildings to receive hot water pipes, but the pipe system has started to make its way into peoples homes now. Soon the whole city will be able to draw a hot bath with ease due to our abundant thermal springs beneath our island.
May a warm bath warm our spirits.
Geysir Donation
Iceland is home to several hot water geysers which have a tendency to draw crowds due to their beautifully explosive nature. Previously, this geyser was hidden away and used as a business venture to earn money from any who wished to watch the geyser erupt. Inspired by the charity of the nation, the owner has removed the fence and donated the geyser to the Icelandic people in perpetuity!
A most generous donation.
Grand Opening of the Hydroelectric Plant
Today marks the completion of the Laxárstöð Hydroelectric Plant. This singular plant has the capacity to quadruple our local power production on the island. May this new achievement help drive the recovery of our people and propel us to new and greater heights!
To a brighter future!
Hummock Studies
Scientists continue to study the effects that these grassy 'bumps' or hummocks have on the soil. Most experiments turn up with no meaningful results but people who have lived near these features describe a stronger feeling of well-being and claim that they fall ill with lesser frequency.
If it works, it works.
Farming Communities
Small farming communities have started to be examined by government officials in search of ways that they could be managed better during these trying times. Communities who are performing well enough will be given a small tax exemption to encourage others to follow suit and run their farms more efficiently.
For efficiency!
Packing the Barrels
A crucial part of the export business is the packing of barrels of fish to be sent abroad and sold. We must invest in proper infrastructure to make sure that we don't run into any bottlenecks due to overcrowding on the docks.
Pack em' in and roll em' out.
A New Source of Power
Engineers in Iceland have come forward with ideas to bring large amounts of power to the island to help with industrialisation. The bountiful rivers and waterfalls carry an immense amount of energy that just passes us by. If we could create dams in some of our rivers, we might be able to harness Mother Nature's gift for our benefit.
An untapped spring.
Expansion of Vestmannaeyjar
As the fishing industry grows, so too do the towns that support such businesses. While the harbour is too shallow for larger more modern vessels, the coastal town of Heimaey remains a crucial part of the cod fishing industry that is run off of the southern coast of Iceland. Already efforts are under way to streamline the transfer of catches from newer vessels to smaller ships that can bring the haul to the city for processing.
This can only grow busier.
A Modern Fleet
The smaller ships that we have used in the past can not hope to handle the amount of fish that Iceland needs to recover from Black Monday. We must invest in larger vessels that are better suited for keeping up with the demands of the modern era.
Farewell, old friend.
Black Monday Strikes the Island!
The economic collapse that originated in Germany has now reached the shores of Iceland. Our already tenuous hold over the economy has shattered and we have been left reeling. A total reorganisation of Iceland will be needed to fix this crisis.
Catastrophe!
Plebiscite of 1937
The time has come to vote over the continuation of Danish rule over Iceland. A generally ineffective response to helping the plight of the people of Iceland during the recent economic crisis has shaken the faith of the people in Danish rule. The cries for independence grow louder with every passing week. As the polls draw to a close, the results point to a desire
For an independent Iceland!
To remain in the Danish sphere!
Independence Victory!
With the recent victory of the vote for independence from Denmark, the althingi has been a rush with ministers declaring for one party or the other. The one constant is an upswing in the members who are a part of the Independence Party coalition.
To more prosperous times!
Loyalty to Denmark
No matter the economic crisis that has polarised many on the isle, Icelanders are not a rebellious people. We will do our part as a constituent of the Kingdom of Denmark to care for our corner of the realm without cutting ties with the rest. This has unfortunately had the effect of radicalising part of the hardline independence wing.
We must remain a beacon of calm.
Iceland Leaves Mitteleuropa
With our latest extension of freedom from Denmark, we are free to forge our own way separate from the ailing Mitteleuropean economic bloc. Some merchants are apprehensive towards our uncertain future but are hopeful to find more lucrative deals.
To a freer market!
The people of Iceland have elected to leave the Mitteleuropean sphere and attempt to forge a new web of independent trade. This could be an opportunity for us to find an ally closer to the home isles.
The people of Iceland have elected to leave the Mitteleuropean sphere and attempt to forge a new web of independent trade. This could be an opportunity for us to find an ally closer to the royalists in exile.
Interesting.
Iceland Elects to End Their Personal Union
After the Weltkrieg, in 1919, Iceland, at the time fully part of Denmark was given its independence, under personal union with Denmark and with Denmark taking care of Iceland's foreign policy until possible revision by plebiscite in 1944, 25 years after Iceland's independence. As such, they came along into Mitteleuropa and they remained in general in a course with us. However, Iceland's position makes their Mitteleuropa membership less than ideal, and as such, the island declined over the years. Under the dissent that this caused, Icelandic politicians had expedited the referendum, and the Icelandic people elected to end our relationship. A republic will be declared in Reykjavik and Iceland has let us know that they no longer need our foreign ministry to treat Icelanders as if they were Danes.
So be it.
Iceland Elects to Remain in Their Personal Union
After the Weltkrieg, in 1919, Iceland, at the time fully part of Denmark was given its independence, under personal union with Denmark and with Denmark taking care of Iceland's foreign policy until possible revision by plebiscite in 1944, 25 years after Iceland's independence. As such, they came along into Mitteleuropa and they remained in general in a course with us. However, Iceland's position makes their Mitteleuropa membership less than ideal, and as such, the island declined over the years. Under the dissent that this caused, Icelandic politicians had expedited the referendum, but the Icelandic people elected to maintain our relationship. Iceland shall thus remain in our sphere for the coming years.
Ah, splendid.
Jon Baldvinsson Retires from Office
A popular member of the Althingi and leader of the Social Democrat Party has recently announced his plans to step away from office. Citing his failing health, he has decided to pass the torch on to Stefan Stefansson to continue to lead the Social Democrat Party.
We wish him the best.
Restructuring the Banks
The current situation in Iceland does not suit anyone as the banking system has completely failed following the disaster of Black Monday. Two camps have formed which argue too separate views for how the banks should be rebuilt. One group believes that the only way forward is through a strong centrally planned bank, while the other argues that a series of separate specialised banks are how the people of Iceland will recover best from this crisis. Which group should we endorse?
One Island, One Bank!
Delegate to smaller banks.
Purchasing a New Design
Our current ships are ill-suited for the modern market. As we seek to improve, we must contact our Nordic neighbours and request a purchase of some of their latest designs. Who should we conduct business with?
Sail with Sweden!
Deal with Denmark!
Neighbour Norway!
Iceland Getting Rebellious
Our forces on Iceland have intercepted a radio signal broadcasting to the locals in an attempt to antagonise their view of us. We know that they lack the means to drive us off the island so should we let them talk or shall we bulk up our forces slightly?
Authorise an additional force.
What could they do?
Icelandic Independence
The small Atlantic island of Iceland has long been ruled by the kings of Denmark, coming under their control over 400 years ago, but recent events put this state of affairs at risk. With Black Monday and the Danish government's struggle to respond to the crisis, calls for complete independence continued to grow louder and louder until the government was forced to hold an independence referendum to determine the island's future. Now that the results are in, it seems that the pro-independence party has won, making Iceland Europe's newest republic.\nThough many may celebrate this day, others worry that the nation's newfound independence may be swept away by Britain or Canada, both of which eye it greedily. Whatever the case, the Atlantic has a new player.
A day to celebrate!
How interesting...
How might this affect the Atlantic?
Cutting the Tape at the New Factory
Despite the setbacks of the recent years, the economy of Iceland has kept pushing forwards. Today we get to open the first new fishery on the island after the disaster of Black Monday.
Let the catches come in!
Atlantic Trade Agreements
Nordic Solidarity
Expanded Into Our Waters
Iceland
Icelandic
Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Brynjólfur Bjarnason
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1898, in Hæli, Árnessýsla, Iceland§!
Hannibal Valdimarsson
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1903, in Fremri-Arnardalur, Ísafjörður, Iceland§!
Jón Baldvinsson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1882, in Strandseljar, Norður-Ísafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!
Stefan Johann Stefansson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1894, in Dagverðareyri, Eyjafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEconomic decline brought on by the collapse of the British Empire propelled Stefán Jóhann Stefánsson to the forefront of Icelandic politics. He has grand designs for the Icelandic economy that will require strict financial discipline and deep reform. To accomplish this goal, he aggressively seeks partners abroad and hesitates to sever existing ties.§!
Ásgeir Ásgeirsson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1894, in Kóranesi á Mýrum, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Ólafur Thors
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1892, in Borgarnes, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Sveinn Björnsson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1881, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Thor Thors
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1903, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Agnar Kofoed-Hansen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1915, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Niels Juel-Brockdorff
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1878, in Hollufgård, Odense County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Søren Arendrup
§YBorn:§! §Lin Iceland§!
Finnur Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1858, in Akureyri, Iceland§!
Bjarni Asgeirsson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1891, in Kóranesi á Mýrum, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Emil Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1902, in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland§!
Bjarni Benediktsson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1908, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Sigurdur Hlidar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1885, in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland§!
Bergur Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1898, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Finlay Crerar
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1904, in Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, Scotland§!
Hermann Jonasson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1896, in Skagafjörður, Skagafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!
Ib Riis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1915, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
The Althing
§YFounded:§! §L930, in Þingvellir, Árnessýsla, Iceland§!
-
-
-
-
al Duwaish
al Duwaish
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
al Dawish
Ibn Bijad
Ibn Hithlain
Ibn Nuhair
Ikhwan
Ikhwan
the Ikhwan
al-Hasa
Arabian
al-Hasa
Summan
Arabian
Summan
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Najd
Arabian
Najd
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Buraida
Arabian
Buraida
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Ha'il
Arabian
Ha'il
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Ikhwan Revolt
Faisal al-Duwaish
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in the Emirate of Jabal Shammar§!
Zaidan ibn Hithlain
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Sultan ibn Humaid ibn Bijad
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Nidā ibn Nuhair
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Jabal Shammar§!
