Vera Cruz Focus Tree
Vera Cruz
Cruzeirense
Vera Cruz
PT
Partido Totalista
PS
Partido Internacional-Sindicalista
CGT
Confederação Geral do Trabalho
PD
Partido Social Democrata
UDN
União Democratica Nacional
PL
Partido Liberal
PR
Partido Republicano
FUP
Frente Unica Parlamentar
ARENA
Aliança Renovadora Nacional
AIT
Acção Integetralista Tiradentes
Belisário Augusto de Oliveira Penna
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1868, in Barbacena, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBelisário Augusto de Oliveira Penna began his political career as a city councillor in Juiz de Fora, and only in the 1920s he projected himself outside of his home state, positioning himself in favour of right wing tenentist uprisings. For most of his life, he was a doctor and has a belief in scientific principles being applied to politics and governments. While a supporter of radical integralism, he often found himself marginalised even among that radical movement due to his beliefs regarding eugenics, a concept which he pioneered in Brazil, and he was for many years a member of the Central Eugenics Committee. These viewpoints have also granted him many allies and admirers that share similar beliefs, and now he and his associates are in a prime position to apply their ideas as practical principle, to ensure the great cities of the land like Rio are finally cleansed of its poverty and superstition that hide under the guise of 'local culture'. Belisário is also a supporter of utilising political prisoners as a workforce, a controversial and divisive viewpoint even among the right winger clique that now form his cabinet.§!
Redevelopment Effort
Mineiro Ranches
Urban Planning
Mining Boom
Reformed Census
Plantation Resurgence
National Army
New Drilling Regimen
The Wounds of War
Political systems have been destroyed and must be put back together.
Rekindle Wealth
Separation from the rest of Brazil has brought on economic difficulties. We must work to consolidate the national economy around our present situation.
Rebuilding Programme
Where it has been ruined by war, industry, more technologically advanced than before must spring up. With the land cleared and ready, perhaps the scars of war could yield their own fruit.
He Who Desires Peace
The cities must not be left unprotected. Even if we must fight street to street, our future is only secure if we can defend our homes.
Industrial Effort
While our region is already quite industrialised, there is still so much potential for growth. New industrial parks should be constructed with state funding in regions far from the great cities.
Mineiro Ranchers
With some support, the ranchers of our new state could become the engine of economic growth they are elsewhere in what was once Brazil.
Niemeyer's Urban Planning
Oscar Niemeyer, appointed just before the collapse of Brazil to redesign several government buildings, has become something of a superstar among the architectural community. With his expertise, Rio de Janeiro can become the height of proper city panning.
Factory Development
New developments must integrate the bleeding edge of technology. We should develop new and improved industrial methods and embrace foreign technological developments.
Invest in Vitória
Long an important city, but lacking sufficient heavy industry, with sufficient state investment, the economy of Vitória can be transformed.
Natural Wealth
While interrupted by the war, our region has seen a continued expansion of the mining industry. We should give the industrial the financial support it needs to prosper.
Establish the CSN
Our nation has a wealth of potential to produce steel. A new central organisation to oversee production, the Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional, should be established.
Military Industrial Effort
The creation of new facilities specifically for the production of armaments could facilitate the expansion of the armed forces greatly.
Heavy Production
Beyond production of general materiel, certain types of equipment, especially armoured vehicles require specialised machinery. We must require these requisites and produce like never before.
Naval Production
Relying on old ships cannot sustain our navy. We must improve our drydocks and yards to allow for greater production.
Playing Catch-up
Our industrial technology still lags behind that of Europe. We must send agents to copy European advances and narrow the gap.
Libertas Que Sera Tamen
Although it may have been woefully delayed, freedom has at last come. The dream of the Tiradentes of Minas Gerais is here. The process of creating a real state out of our newfound independence however will be long and difficult.
Appeasing the Capixaba Elites
The elites of Espirito Santo control much both in our nation and the other former Brazilian states. They must be dealt with if our nation is to prosper.
Rio-Minas Agreement
The states of Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro must engaged in their own sort of diplomacy before our national identity can truly be formed. They must establish for themselves roles in the new state.
National Constitution
With the basics hammered out, a new constitution can at last be drawn upp, the foundation of our government.
Centres of Higher Learning
Our universities are already among the best in South America. With a bit of elbow grease they can be made even greater.
Logistical Reorganisation
Logistics is an ever evolving science. We must do away with the old Brazilian system of ensuring troop supplies and embrace the methods of the future.
Federal Reorganisation Process
With the political situation now settled, infrastructure should can be reoriented to primarily serve our new nation rather than as part of a larger Brazilian whole.
Reestablish Law and Order
Bandits dominate much of the countryside. With stability returned to the cities, we can at last end this horrid state of affairs.
National Pact
The National Pact, a creed to be repeated before each and every day by every school child and public employee, could help encourage loyalty to the nation.
Census Review
Some regions on the fringe of our nation were never properly assessed by Brazil. We shall establish our own census system more effective than the last.
Plantation Relief
The decline of plantations exporting cash crops has continued to hinder our development. We must work with the plantations themselves and provide funding where needed to turn things around.
Nationalist Campaign
A growing nationalism threatens to destabilise our regime. With proper encouragement however, it can be harnessed and great benefit attained.
Soldiers Without a Cause
Disorganised bands of vigilantes patrolled the streets following the collapse of Brazil. These men, surprisingly valiant, should be brought into the new armed forces.
Navy Without a Flag
With the war over, the ships of Brazil must be put back into service.
Battery Review
Coastal batteries must be updated to secure against invasion by sea.
National Forces
Our nation will never truly be safe until the armed forces work by land and in the air tirelessly to ensure that safety.
National Army
The various militias and impromptu divisions which have thus far formed the core of our army must be centralised. A new army with new loyalties created.
General Staff
Much of the old general staff of Brazil swore loyalty to our new state, their integration could be accomplished quickly and a true general staff established for our own nation.
Equipment Renewal Focus
Old equipment inheritted from Brazil cannot remain the mainstay of our armed forces. We must have new guns, boots, uniforms, and more.
Gunnery Upgrades
Artillery was the key to Germany's success in the Weltkrieg. We must develop guns capable of matching those of the great powers to stand a chance in the field.
Project Tamoio
We possess the industrial and research infrastructure to design our own military vehicles from the ground up. To kick off our efforts, we should design a completely new tank.
United Air Force
The air force is as decentralised and disorganised as the old Brazil! We must centralise command of units and administration of airfields.
Military Science
Military science is a discipline unto itself. Specialised research schools should be established to tackle emerging technologies as directed by our government.
Elite Forces
A variety of non-standard specialist roles allow an army to fight more effectively. We must have elite units of our own.
Agulhas Negras Academy
The first officer academy in Brazil, the academy of the Black Needles is also the most prestigious. The school could do with further funding and foreign instructors to be that much more effective.
Military Drill
Methods of training new recruits vary from instructor to instructor. We should embrace and adapt a foreign system of drill and standardise around it.
National Defence Committee
Different civilian associations and defence-related special interests should have their voice heard. We should establish a national advisory council made up of such groups.
Atlantic Wall
Much of our nation is covered in thick forest, a natural barrier if we could only learn to use it as such. Our men must receive additional training for jungle combat accordingly.
Advanced Aircraft
Fighter design has changed by leaps and bounds in recent years. We must have the latest and greatest models utilising cutting edge technology.
Seaborne Legacy
Our forefathers came to these shores by sea and to the sea we now must take again. Let us inspire cultural fascination with the ocean and our proud ancestors who braved it long ago.
Embrace the Submarine
Submarines were key to German victory in the Weltkrieg. We must develop submarines of our own.
Marine Corps
Our defences have vastly improved. We can now focus on the sword to compliment this shield. Should we ever need to land abroad, a dedicated amphibious force will be required and we would do well to establish one.
Aircraft Reverse Engineering
Captured examples of foreign aircraft and stolen technical specifications can be acquired for the right price. With the right know-how, the breakthroughs other nations have made can be reverse-engineered.
Protect the Dream
Our independence has been a great boon, we must encourage the people to hold it close to their hearts.
Venezuela Focus Tree
Venezuela
Venezuelan
Venezuela
Socialist Republic of Venezuela
the Socialist Republic of Venezuela
Socialist Republic of Venezuela
the Socialist Republic of Venezuela
Socialist Republic of Venezuela
the Socialist Republic of Venezuela
Siderúrgica Venezolana S.A.
Corporación Venezolana del Petróleo
Compañía Anónima Venezolana de Industrias Militares
División Metal-mecánica de la CAVIM
Instituto Autónomo Ferrocarriles del Estado
Escuela de Aviación Militar
Escuela Naval de Venezuela
Ford Venezuela
Mauser Venezuela
MAS Venezuela
Somua Venezuela
Krupp Venezuela
Chrysler Venezuela
Focke-Wulf Venezuela
Morane Saulnier Venezuela
Curtiss-Wright Venezuela
Electric Boat Venezuela
Kaiser Shipyards Venezuela
Black Monday Hits the Oil Wells
Our economy is pretty much based on Oil, and for many years we enjoyed good prices. But with the crash of the Berlin stock market, demand has plummeted and the our economy is trapped in a downwards spiral!
Expanded Welfare Programmes
Despite the economic downturn, the government has expended its welfare programmes to ease the suffering of the poor.
Expanded Welfare Programmes
Despite the economic downturn, the government has expended its welfare programmes to ease the suffering of the poor.
Expanded Welfare Programmes
Despite the economic downturn, the government has expended its welfare programmes to ease the suffering of the poor.
Welfare Cuts
Austerity measures are never popular, but the Provisional Government has deemed it necessary to cut spending, which included the nation's wasteful welfare programmes.
Long-Term Economic Planning
It is always tempting to plan for short-term gains, but short-sighted policies for quick gains can be disastrous. The government has, instead, focused on creating a plan for the future that will benefit the nation for years to come.
Diversification of the Economy
The government has spent significant efforts to help diversify the nation's industry in the hopes of creating a stable and healthy economy instead of relying on the petroleum industry.
Expanded Welfare Programmes
As the economy recovered and began steadily growing again, the government has continued investing in its welfare programmes.
Expanded Welfare Programmes
As the economy recovered and began steadily growing again, the government has continued investing in its welfare programmes.
Welfare State
Thanks to the government's efforts, Venezuela has become a welfare state on the level of a modern, developed nation.
Oil Industry Reforms
The government has enacted several reforms concerning the petroleum industry in the hopes of keeping a larger part of its wealth within Venezuela.
Nationalist Fervour
Socialist demagogues have been trying to sow discontent amongst our population by emphasising on class warfare. The government, in response, focusing in mending the social rift and create a sense of cooperation between the social classes for the good of Venezuela.
Nationalist Fervour
For Bread, Fatherland and Liberty! The URD's slogan is a strong symbol of the government's ideals and goals, focusing on the nation's prosperity, patriotism and civil liberties.
Nationalist Fervour
God and Federation. The government has been cultivating a nationalist fervour since they were elected, emphasising greatly on patriotism and national prosperity.
Booming Economy
Thanks to the URD's policies, Venezuela's economy is booming like never before. The government is clearly delivering on its electoral promises of economic prosperity and the nation's strong economy will be a shining beacon for Latin America.
Diversified Economy
Creating a diverse economy has been the primary policy of the Acción Democrática since its creation. They have been largely successful in this endeavour, diversifying the country's industry to reduce its reliance on the petroleum industry and make it safer from global fluctuations.
Confederación de Trabajadores de Venezuela
The Confederation of Workers of Venezuela is the main federation of trade unions in the country and the Syndicalist government has transferred significant authority and powers in their goal of transforming Venezuela into a syndicalist state.
Confederación de Trabajadores de Venezuela
The empowered CTV has pushed for the democratisation of industries, putting the economy in the hands of the workers instead of the bourgeoisie.
Syndicalisation of the Economy
The revolutionary government has taken the first step in transforming the economy of Venezuela into a syndicalist one by nationalising key industries.
Land Reform
Parts of the countryside had been in dire shape before the PSV was elected. Great strides have been made to enact land reforms, empowering the peasants and weakening the oppressive landlords.
Collectivisation
The farms of Venezuela's countryside have been collectivised, bringing peasants into the syndicalist economy, securing the nation's local food supply and ensuring efficiency in agriculture.
Five Year Plan
The PSV, influenced by totalist and vanguardist thought, has launched a Five Year Plan to rapidly industrialise the relatively-backwards country and reach a key goal towards socialism: A strong working class.
Rapid Industrialisation
The Five Year Plan has been very successful, rapidly industrialising the country and transforming its formerly-lagging economy.
Syndicalist Economy
Venezuela has become a model syndicalist economy in the region, making it a shining beacon of hope for socialists throughout Latin America. ¡Proletarios de todos los países, uníos!
Seguridad Nacional
The Dirección de Seguridad Nacional, or Directorate of National Security, is the main security organ of the state, protecting the nation from dangerous elements.
Seguridad Nacional
The Dirección de Seguridad Nacional, or Directorate of National Security, has become the government's main tool for suppressing dissidence, spreading fear amongst our internal enemies and protecting our good citizens.
Seguridad Nacional
The Dirección de Seguridad Nacional, or Directorate of National Security, has become an effective secret police, purging and silencing dissidents, protecting our people and way of life.
USA-Venezuela Trade Treaty
The United States of America and Venezuela have signed a new treaty benefiting the Venezuelan economy and American companies.
Foreign Investors
The Junta has been encouraging foreign investors to invest in Venezuela over other countries in the region, ensuring that it develops a competitive economy.
Oil Money Investment
It is no secret that the Junta has profited immensely from the growing petroleum industry, re-investing the money into massive construction projects to show the nation's wealth.
¡Viva Venezuela!
President Pérez Jiménez is adamant that Venezuela is becoming a strong regional power and will soon be the greatest in South America. ¡Viva el Presidente!
Shock and Awe
The Venezuelan Army has remained a modern, powerful force with its doctrine focused on overwhelming firepower.
Modern Manoeuvre Warfare
The Venezuelan Army has remained a modern, powerful force with its doctrine focused on striking hard and fast, remaining mobile as much as possible.
Navegare necesse, vivere non necesse
The Venezuelan Navy has been expanded and modernised to the point that it is one of the strongest in the region. Not only are its ships cutting-edge, but its sailors and officers are proud and highly-trained.
Oil Addiction
Venezuela is hopelessly addicted to black gold, oil. It is the centre of the country's economy and its source of wealth. There is little incentive for people to invest in other industries, leaving the nation vulnerable to the so-called Resource Curse.
Dominance of Foreign Oil Companies
The vast majority of the country's oil well are in the hands of foreign companies from the successors of Standard Oil and Royal Dutch Shell. Part of the wealth they generate will never be in the hands of our people.
Dominance of Foreign Oil Companies
The vast majority of the country's oil well are in the hands of foreign companies from the successors of Standard Oil and Royal Dutch Shell. Part of the wealth they generate will never be in the hands of our people.
Dominance of Foreign Oil Companies
The vast majority of the country's oil well are in the hands of foreign companies from the successors of Standard Oil and Royal Dutch Shell. Part of the wealth they generate will never be in the hands of our people.
Dominance of Foreign Oil Companies
The vast majority of the country's oil well are in the hands of foreign companies from the successors of Standard Oil and Royal Dutch Shell. Part of the wealth they generate will never be in the hands of our people.
Buying Oil Assets
We are currently paying off our shares in foreign oil companies.
Payment from Sold Shares
Venezuela has purchased shares in our oil companies.
Seized Petroleum Assets
American-Venezuelan Friendship Treaty
The Coup was avoided
The Coup after Black Monday happened
This focus will be bypassed after the election.
This focus will be bypassed if the AD won the election.
This focus will be bypassed if the URD won the election.
This focus will be bypassed if the PSV won the election.
Marcos Pérez Jiménez seized power
Marcos Pérez Jiménez will seize power if the Socialists won the election and the USA is in a position to support him.
Dutch Oil Assets Acquired
American Oil Assets Acquired
This focus will unlock automatically when the consequences of Black Monday reach Venezuela.
Intervention in Colombia
Organise Colombian Exiles
Liberate Colombia
Reclaiming Guayana Esequiba
Ever since the Crisis of 1895, Venezuela and the British Empire (or what's left of it nowadays) dispute the region of Essequibo, currently part of British Guiana. Now that the West Indies Federation is distracted in another war, we have an opportunity to press our legitimate claims on the region.
Demand Essequibo
With the Anglos distracted, we have the chance of a lifetime to reclaim our lost lands west of the Essequibo River.
Sue for Peace with [WIF.GetNameDef]
We have control of all of Guyana, and our war aims are fulfulled. It is time to end this war before the full might of the West Indian alliance is brought to bear on our poor country.
Dealing with the Foreign Oil Companies
The vast majority of Venezuela's petroleum industry is in the hands of foreign companies such as Shell and the successors of Standard Oil. Their influence in the country is vast and is both good and detrimental to our economy, but we might be able to limit the negatives by acquiring a greater share in those companies... Or, we could simply seize them should the opportunity present itself.
Shares in US Oil Companies
Yanqui companies such as the different successors to the massive Standard Oil company and Texaco control vast amounts of our nation's oil fields and production centres. Acquiring a greater share of those companies will be an expensive endeavour that will hopefully profit us in the long run and reduce their influence in Venezuela.
Seize Yanqui Assets!
Now that the Yanqui are busy shooting at each other for idiotic reasons, we have a great opportunity to... acquire a number of assets owned by American oil companies should they refuse to play by our new rules. This will surely anger the USA, but what can they do?
Shares in local Shell Assets
Royal Dutch Shell was one of the first companies to acquire concessions in Venezuela. Now that our economy can sustain such an operation, we can acquire a larger share of the so-called Shell de Venezuela, reducing the power of the Dutch company in the country.
Seize Shell Assets!
With a syndicalist revolution under way in the Netherlands, we have a chance to seize Shell's assets in the country and reduce their power and influence in Venezuela. The Dutch certainly can't stop us now.
Onto the World Stage
Venezuela has always been forced by the tides of history to remain on the sidelines, a target for foreign meddling and imperialism. No longer! We shall empower ourselves diplomatically, and seek to join any alliance necessary to protect our freedom.
Join the Internationale
With our peaceful revolution secured within, we should move to secure it without. It is about time that revolutionary Venezuela join the brotherhood of free workers. Let us contact [INT.GetNameDef] immediately.
Join the Entente
With our nation at war with the syndicalists of the Third Internationale, we should align ourselves with the Entente. They can protect us in the Caribbean, and stand the best chance of defeating the French and British menace.
Align with the Americans
Now that our government has been saved from the syndicalist menace by American aid, we should repay them for their trouble by forming an alliance with them. Together we will free the world from radical syndicalism!
AD
Acción Democrática
COPEI
Comité de Organización Política Electoral Independiente
GP
Gobierno Provisorio
JNV
Junta Nacional Venezuelana
MLN
Movimento Libertador Nacional
URD
Unión Republicana Democrática
PS
Partido Socialcristiano
ARdI
Agrupación Revolucionaria de Izquierda
PSV
Partido Socialista de Venezuela
MIRST
Movimiento de Izquierda Revolucionaria Social Totalista
Black Monday Hits the Oil Wells
Dios Mio! With the majority of our foreign trade being with Germany, it was inevitable that their economic crisis would reach us. For now, we must deal with the immediate consequences as panic spreads amongst the people of Caracas.
Democracy Prevails
Calm has returned in cities across Venezuela. Now, we can properly focus on the path to economic recovery, especially as the workers have been hit quite hard by the ongoing crisis.
Welfare Programmes
It would be a mistake to cut welfare when the people needs it the most. In fact, we must ensure that our welfare programmes can reach as many Venezuelans as possible while they are vulnerable.
Expand Healthcare and Education
Healthcare and education are the most basic and necessary institutions provided by the state and we must ensure that they are able to reach the people. Ensuring that our people remains healthy and educated is the best thing we can do for future generations, for the long-term benefits are obvious even in these trying times.
Expand Pensions
The people that are unable to work, such as seniors and disabled, are the most vulnerable during disasters. Thus, in order to maintain stability and keep people happy, we should expand the pensions system so that more poor Venezuelans can access it.
Industrial Investments
As a key step in both recovering from the crisis and reducing our dependence on the oil industry, the state needs to invest in different industrial sectors, ensuring their growth and ability to employ more people.
Economic Flexibility
The current crisis has shown that we cannot remain dependent on the petroleum industry. As such, we must make our economy more flexible and able to adapt to the changing global economy by diversifying it. This will, hopefully, make our economy stronger and more resilient to economic fluctuations.
Industrial Diversification
Diversifying our industry is a costly and slow process, but will ensure that the Venezuelan economy can continue to grow at a healthy rate safe from market fluctuations. Despite the cost and speed of such a process, it will make Venezuela far stronger in the long run than continuing our dependence on oil.
Preventive Coup
With the AD government unable to maintain order, the Venezuelan Army has stepped in to restore order and guide the economy towards recovery. This is temporary, of course, as the Provisional Government insists that the scheduled elections in 1939 will still happen.
Defence Contracts
As a way to help the economy, the government is issuing more contracts to supply the military with goods. This will help our struggling, small manufacturing sector recover and grow, thus employing and enriching more Venezuelans while ensuring that the Armed Forces remain well-equipped and influential.
Weapons Industry Expansion
Venezuela's military industry is, frankly, tiny. Especially compared to the size of its military. Demand for military goods such as arms and ammunition may be artificial, but it keeps people working, paid, and buying. Besides, keeping the army well-equipped will help avoid repeating their poor showing in 1925.
Army Goods Self Sufficiency
The less dependent we are on arms imports the better. Especially as the global situation continue to spiral out of control. Since we may not be able to continue importing, we may as well expand our local military industry and substitute imports.
Welfare Cuts
With the economy in shambles, we must tighten our belt and reduce spending. The welfare programmes enacted by the preceding government are a heavy burden on our shaky finances, putting us into debt. The programmes should be terminated to balance the budget.
Arrest Syndicalist Troublemakers
The dangers of a potential syndicalist revolution are the reasons why the military stepped in after Black Monday. With the Provisional Government secured, we have the ability to arrest key members of the syndicalist movement in Venezuela and weaken their influence in politics.
Propaganda Efforts
While our coup was not without precedent, it did make the political opposition, especially those formerly in government beforehand, wary about the erosion of democratic institutions. We must ensure that the people understand the temporary character of our government and that the scheduled elections are maintained.
Emergency Infrastructure Works
As a temporary measure to put people back to work, the government has begun a programme of infrastructure work. This will not only give paid work for the workless, but will also improve the infrastructure network of Venezuela, bringing the country closer together.
Airport Construction Effort
Air transport has become more widespread since the Weltkrieg. However, our air infrastructure is severely lacking, and improving it would aid in the development of our Air Force and improve access to more isolated parts of our country.
Infrastructure Renewal
While the economy is definitely recovering, there is still much more we can do to improve the transport network of our nation. After all, good infrastructure is key to healthy economic development.
Economic Recovery
Venezuela has finally recovered from the economic crisis. While there is still much more to be done to make the country prosperous again, we are definitely past the worst of the crisis. We can now focus our attention towards growing our economy and create a prosperous Venezuela.
1939 Election
Despite the economic crisis, the scheduled election will still be held. The Acción Democrática will attempt to win a new term, but the Unión Republicana Democrática has a good chance of taking over, focusing on economic prosperity and nationalist rhetoric. However, the syndicalist PSV has been growing since Black Monday, and have a small chance at a surprise victory with their anti-capitalist rhetoric.
Another AD Term
With little surprise, the party representing the Generación del 26 has won another presidential term. They intend to continue transforming Venezuela into a welfare state less dependent on the petroleum industry.
Long-Term Economic Planning
If we are to have a successful, prosperous economy, we must focus on long-term economic goals rather than short-term ones. This will create a healthy and stable economy rather than a bubble that will inevitably burst.
Reduce Our Dependency on Oil
It is no secret that, despite our efforts for the past decade, Venezuela is addicted to black gold. Now that we have successfully secured our mandate, we can focus on diversifying our economy even further and reduce our dependence on the oil industry as much as possible to ensure sustainable growth.
Safety from Market Fluctuations
Black Monday has shown that our economy is vulnerable to market fluctuations. With our experience and diverse economy, we should be able to respond quicker and more effectively should another crisis hit us.
Protecting Workers
Protecting Venezuela's workers is a top priority for a social-democratic government. More legislation is being pushed through Congress for better workplace safety regulations and improving the social safety net for the poor.
Public Investments
Improving public institutions such as schools, hospitals and parks are all imperative for the government, ensuring that quality of life is improved throughout the nation.
Towards a Welfare State
Striving for a welfare state is an ambitious and lofty goal, but as our economy grows and our welfare programmes get more funding, our nation is slowly progressing towards it, making us one of the most developed countries in Latin America.
Healthy Economic Growth
The economy of Venezuela is growing at a steady and healthy pace. While our economy is not booming, we know that this is the most sensible way to develop our country without putting future generations in jeopardy. We can only hope that future Venezuelans will have great opportunities regardless of their social class and that, one day, socialism will be achieved peacefully.
URD Presidency
The Unión Republicana Democrática, consisting of moderate progressives, liberals and nationalists of the Generación del 26, have managed to take the presidency. We are on our way towards unimaginable economic prosperity, putting Venezuelans first and foremost.
Oil Industry Reforms
While large parts of the oil industry is in the hands of foreign companies, their home countries are focused on their own problems. Now is a good time to push for reforms in the industry, ensuring that Venezuelans get their rightful share of the profits and investments.
Oil Expansion
With the world growing tense and Venezuela watching from the sidelines, we cannot let such an opportunity go to waste. The petroleum industry must be expanded in order to satisfy the world's growing need for oil.
Oil Profit Investment
We must carefully invest the growing profits from the oil industry in order to ensure continued prosperity for Venezuelans.
Class Collaboration
Venezuelans, regardless of their social class, are one nation. We cannot let socialist demagogues foster artificial divisions in our society and, instead, foster a sense of national unity among the people regardless if they are rich or poor.
¡Por pan, tierra y libertad!
For bread, fatherland and liberty! Fostering greater unity in Venezuela is essential for a stable and harmonious society. The URD's motto symbolises its commitment to prosperity, nationalism and liberty, making it a great slogan to rally around.
Dios y Federación
God and Federation is Venezuela's traditional motto since the Federal War of 1859-1863, which had a great impact in the country's institutional development and commitment to federalism and liberty. Fostering national pride is essential to create a united society.
Economic Boom
The economy is growing faster than ever! Taking advantage of the oil industry and wisely investing its great profits have led us to unprecedented growth that will lead to a prosperous, rich Venezuela.
Industrialisation
Venezuela's industry is small and fragile. Since industry is the basis for a modern economy, we must ensure that our nation can industrialise and prosper in the hope of creating a modern state comparable to our European and North American counterparts.
Naval Construction Investments
The naval industry in Venezuela is fairly small. However, it has potential to become something bigger if we invest more into it. After all, our growing navy needs better facilities and such a modern industry has many benefits from employing many Venezuelans, improving maritime trade and creating more goods to export.
Expanding the UCV
The Universidad Central de Venezuela, or Central University of Venezuela, is the country's top centre for higher education and research and one of the oldest on the Western Hemisphere. With more and more people being able to attend it, it would be wise to expand it, increasing its capacity and abilities.
Revolution by Ballot
The PSV's surprise electoral victory makes it one of the few examples of a syndicalist party gaining power through bourgeois means. Now, we can begin the Venezuelan Revolution and turn our nation into a model Socialist State in Latin America.
Empower the CTV
Trade unions are the centre of any syndicalist country. As such, we must empower the Confederación de Trabajadores de Venezuela, the country's primary labour union federation, so that the government can truly be in the hands of the workers, slowly dismantling the bourgeois state.
Workplace Democratisation
Venezuela's industry must be completely overhauled so that the means of production can be in the hands of the workers that labour so hard everyday. Workplace democracy is a necessity in order to truly free the workers, making them in charge of their own work.
Socialist Education
We can learn a lot from our friends in the Internationale. Overhauling Venezuela's education and institutions will create new generations of young socialists eager to work for the country's, and the world's, future.
Industry Nationalisation
We cannot allow the business class, foreign and local, to control our industry and economy. Nationalising them will allow us to implement our policies and ensure that the workers are free from exploitation and the bourgeoisie.
Land Reform
While Venezuela's land distribution is far from the worst case in Latin America, there are still many regions where landlords control the land and have far too much power and influence, exploiting poor farmers. As such, we must redistribute the land properly amongst peasants and free them from oppression.
Collectivisation
While not entirely popular among peasants, collectivisation will ensure that food is properly redistributed amongst the people. In addition, we will be able to coordinate collectives and ensure that they remain productive and efficient.
Oil Industry Nationalisation
The oil industry is a symbol of bourgeois oppression and inequality. As foreign companies and local capitalists control it, little of its incredible wealth ever reaches the workers. As such, and while the world is distracted, we should seize the foreign companies and nationalise the industry, ensuring that its wealth goes to the people.
Five Year Plan
Creating a socialist state in a less developed state is difficult, for a strong working class is the basis for it. Taking into account advice from the totalist faction, we have created a Five Year Plan to industrialise Venezuela to a level where Socialism will be possible.
Rapid Industrialisation
As a result of our Five Year Plan, Venezuela has been industrialising at an unimaginable pace. Soon, we will have a strong, free working class and a highly-developed industry matching our brothers in the Internationale such as France and Britain.
To Socialism!
¡Proletarios de todos los países, uníos! Socialism is the true goal of the PSV. The revolution has only just begun, but soon, the workers of the world will be free and a classless society will be created.
Pérez Jiménez Seizes Power
With support from the USA, the army has stepped in to prevent a Syndicalist revolution, forming a military government under Marcos Pérez Jiménez. The strongman himself is staunchly anti-syndicalist and is already moving to purge leftist and dissenting elements in Venezuela for good.
Seguridad Nacional
The Dirección de Seguridad Nacional, or Directorate of National Security, has been created by Pérez Jiménez, transforming the previous Cuerpo de Investigación Nacional (National Investigation Corps) into a proper secret police able to root out the new government's dangerous opposition.
Threaten the Opposition
The opposition parties have been critical of our government, believing our coup to be illegal and particularly criticising the DSN as repressive. It is time to silence these dissenting Syndicalist sympathisers and... convince them to support our junta or face severe consequences.
Censorship
Our government is, legally, on shaky foundations. However, propaganda is a powerful tool. As long as the people support us, it doesn't matter how undemocratic our opponents claim we are. Of course, this means tightening the noose around the press and ensure than anti-junta propaganda cannot be spread.
New Treaty with the USA
It is no secret that the USA are our most important ally and trade partner. After all, without them, Venezuela would be in ruins due to the Syndicalists. It is only natural that we improve relations with them and we should sign a new mutually-beneficial treaty.
US Oil Companies
American oil companies have far more capital and experience than local ones. They will be able to improve the petroleum industry in Venezuela far more than we could on our own and more efficiently.
Oil Money Investment
The Junta is profiting immensely from the improved petroleum industry. A wise move would be to re-invest these profits into the economy or public projects, improving the government's image as a successful one.
Foreign Investors
With the US as close allies, we are well-aware of the benefits investors can bring into the country. As such, we must encourage them to invest into our country over others, helping us rebuild Venezuela to our image.
Infrastructure Development
Our president has an eye for opulence. He believes that massive infrastructure projects will improve the country's image within and without Venezuela as a modern and, more importantly, powerful nation.
Foreign Experts
In order to strengthen the country, education must be improved. One problem we face is that many Venezuelan intellectuals have fled during the coup. However, many foreign experts are eager to work for us and our goals, and we will need them to build Venezuela's future.
A Strong Venezuela
President Pérez Jiménez dreams of a strong Venezuela. One powerful enough to be a regional power in Latin America. As time goes on, we move closer and closer to achieving his goals. Soon, Venezuela will be South America's most powerful nation thanks to our great efforts.
Maintaining the Edge
Since the mid-1920s, successive governments have expanded the Venezuelan Army into the powerful force it is today. However, we absolutely cannot sit on our laurels, for we could easily lose our edge. Keeping the army modern will ensure that it remains a force to be reckoned with in the region.
Import New Arms
Venezuela has limited arms producing capabilities. Thankfully, several companies, such as FN in Wallonia and Steyr in Austria, have been eager to equip our forces at a nice price. We should contact them once more to top off our arsenals and ensure a sizeable reserve if the time comes.
Import Heavy Equipment
Heavy equipment such as artillery pieces are even more difficult to acquire in large numbers and they are absolutely necessary in modern warfare. Once more, we are reliant on arms imports until we can set up local production.
Local Arms Production
Our dependence on arms imports will inevitably become a problem if we end up at war again, potentially cut off from our external trade. We should hire foreign experts to set up local production, starting with the tools needed to repair and maintain our current arms before, hopefully, having enough experience to make our own.
Expand Local Production
Now that we have the basis of a domestic arms industry, we must invest in it further in order to substitute imports as much as possible. While we may never be able to match the great arsenals of Europe or the USA, we can certainly reduce our dependence on them and be more independent.
Doctrine Reevaluation
While much has been done since the humiliation of 1925, our doctrine is lagging behind the latest developments. As military technology and doctrine has changed dramatically in recent only a couple of decades, we must concentrate our efforts in ensuring that our officers are capable in waging a modern war.
Maximum Firepower
The key to warfare is ensuring that our forces have a firepower advantage over the enemy. This has been the truth for centuries now and the Europeans' experience in the Weltkrieg and the rest of the world since has only confirmed this.
Modern Fire Support
Fire support is key to limiting our casualties and maximising the enemy's. The key is the ensure that our officers and artillery gunners are able to coordinate with the infantry and vice-versa, and today's warfare has several ways to maximise this through training and improved communications.
Modern Artillery
Of course, fire support is incomplete without the artillery pieces themselves. Our artillery must be equipped with modern guns and manned by trained experts in order to maximise their firepower and efficiency. After all, modern guns are perhaps the deadliest force on the battlefield.
Shock and Awe
The idea of Shock and Awe consists of paralysing the foe with the spectacular use of overwhelming firepower, giving our troops the opportunity they need to repel an attack or create a breakthrough. This will require highly trained artillerymen and high coordination between supporting elements and the infantry.
Maximum Speed
The key to warfare is ensuring an advantage in mobility over the enemy, attacking them where they least expect it or where they are the weakest. Recent wars have shown that our forces must maintain momentum or else warfare degenerates into bloody static warfare.
Mass Motorisation
The best way to remain mobile in modern war is to ensure that an army has enough trucks to transport troops and supplies to the front line. A motorised army will be able to outmanoeuvre any foe stuck on foot or one being supplied by horse-drawn wagons.
Armoured Warfare
Tanks are a relatively new piece of military technology with fairly limited field experience. However, many believe that they are the future of warfare, the new cavalry with high mobility and firepower.
Modern Manoeuvre Warfare
Mobile warfare is certainly not a new concept as it dominated military thought until the Weltkrieg. New technological developments have made it relevant once more and Venezuela has wholeheartedly embraced it, making the Venezuelan Army one of the most modern forces on the continent.
Expand the AMV
The Academia Militar de Venezuela, or Military Academy of Venezuela, is the nation's top centre for military education and research. With how much the Army has grown in the past decade, it is about time that we invest in the AMV's expansion, ensuring that we have a competent officer corps and skilled experts in our military.
Jungle Warfare Training
The thick jungles in the south and east of Venezuela present an interesting challenge for our armed forces. Providing additional training for our troops will allow us to fight more effectively in these rough regions, which may prove decisive if we are to reclaim Guayana Esequiba.
Air Force Expansion
As the most junior branch of the armed forces, the air force has received considerably less attention than the army and navy. Since we are severely lagging behind in air power and theory, we should begin expanding the air force, for the potential of air power is too great to ignore.
Air Superiority
Part of the air force command supports a more independent air force, claiming that it can do far more than simply support the land forces. They want the air force to be an offensive tool, focusing on gaining air superiority over our and our foes' skies and using bombers to destroy their forces and morale.
Army Support
The more conservative officers in the air force, supported by army officers, believe that the air force is essentially an extention of the army and that it should focus on keeping enemy planes away from the army and supporting land operations.
Surplus Fighters
Our capacity for aircraft construction is practically non-existent. However, we can purchase fighter planes from the more developed nations to help us fill our aircraft needs for the time being.
Study Foreign Designs
Since we have a number of foreign aircraft designs in our inventory, we should study them thoroughly, which will help our own engineers improve in the field of aeronautics. Hopefully, this will help us start our own aviation industry.
Local Air Production
Now that we have a decent number of foreign aircraft in service and good experience using and maintaining them, we are able to start producing military planes of our own. This is hopefully the birth of a great aircraft manufacturing industry.
Domestic Fighter Design
With talented engineers being hired by local aircraft producers, we can begin the ambitious project of designing a fighter aircraft of our own. This completely native design should allow us to independently develop our own air force while limiting imports.
Local Bomber Design
Bomber aircraft have proven to be versatile in modern war. Producing one locally has many advantages, even if it is a costly endeavour, reducing our dependence on foreign arms imports and stimulating the military industry.
Venezuelan Naval Bomber
Considering the long coastline Venezuela has, a naval bomber is essential to defend our country. Making one of our own will be an interesting endeavour, but hopefully one that our nascent aviation industry can handle.
Continue Naval Expansion
With the humiliation against the failing British Empire in 1925, Venezuela has spent a significant amount of resources on its navy. With the world on its way to another great crisis, we will likely need to expand it even more to protect our independence and interests.
Venezuelan Dockyards
The Venezuelan naval industry is growing, but still fairly small considering the size of our navy. We will need to expand our docks if we are going to expand further, since our ships require maintenance and ambitious officers are eager to push for a domestic shipbuilding plan to help its expansion and stimulate the economy.
Fleet in Being
Our naval staff believes that if Venezuela has a large and powerful enough fleet, even the great powers of the world will think twice before trying to bully us and the other nations in the region will cower to our might.
Flexible Fleet
Let us not fall for over ambitious, unrealistic ideas for some kind of Grand Fleet. Younger officers in the fleet believe that the navy should focus on a flexible fleet able to fight our enemies indirectly through submarine warfare and raiders while protecting our shipping lanes.
Coastal Defence Ships
Venezuela, even with its oil money, cannot possibly afford the large capital ships the major powers can. As such, the idea of smaller capital ships with limited range, but high armour and firepower designed to protect the coasts has been wholeheartedly embraced by the naval staff.
Modern Cruisers
Cruisers are essential for scouting and long-range operations. Considering that our shipping needs to be protected in wartime, modern cruisers are something our navy cannot skip on.
New Destroyers
Destroyers are the main vessels designed to screen the larger ships of our navy. Their versatility, a necessity in order to fight off smaller crafts, and powerful torpedo armament, the small ships are just as important as the capital ships of the fleet.
Modern Submarines
Submarines are a relatively new addition to the navies around the world, but their utility and potential has already been proven in the Weltkrieg. Thanks to their relative cost-efficiency, they are a perfect way for Venezuela to bolster its naval power.
Navegare necesse, viviere non necesse
\
GFX_VEN_intro
Venezuela's Place in the World
After Venezuela split from Gran Colombia in 1830, the country was rocked by a number of civil wars between conservative and liberals until the country was federalised in 1864. However, Venezuela still struggled to maintain stability through a number of intermittent military and civilian governments.What changed this was the discovery of oil deposits and General Juan Vicente 'The Catfish' Gómez's coup in 1908. Under Gómez, the petroleum industry became the nation's economic foundation and remained relatively stable through the Weltkrieg, staying neutral in the conflict and reducing the country's debt, albeit at the cost of making the country completely dependent on oil.\n\nThe Catfish's regime could only last so long, however. After failing to successfully push for Venezuela's claims on Essequibo due to American intervention as the British Empire practically collapsed, he was deposed by the military in 1928 after a scandal with British 'Reparations' and the Generación del 1926 soon formed a democratic government after elections were held.\n\nBy 1936, however, the Generación has grown heavily divided between three parties. Acción Democrática currently holds the reins of government, but their former liberal allies in the Unión Democrática Republicana are gaining momentum while the Internationale-aligned Partido Socialista de Venezuela continues to foment anti-capitalist dissent. Nevertheless, Venezuela is one of the few relatively stable and democratic nations in the region, but escalating tensions around the globe could easily destabilise the nascent democracy.
§MAcción Democrática§! / §MUnión Republicana Democrática§! / §MSocialistas§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Regardless of if a coup occurs as a result of the Black Monday, in the 1939 elections, you will be able to elect the §lUnión Republicana Democrática§!, the §SAcción Democrática§! and the §rPartido Socialista the Venezuela§!.\n£white_dot Later on, in the 1954 elections and onwards, the §cComité de Organización Política Electoral Independiente§! will also be able to be elected.\n\n§MJunta Nacional§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have a non-socialist America win their civil war and have them not isolated from the world (not going \
Instability in Caracas
With news of the collapse of the Berlin Stock Market reaching Venezuela and already affecting the economy, there have been numerous disturbances in Caracas and other cities as a run to the banks led to protests and riots. Many in the military believe that the Socialist Party is behind many of these disturbances and plan to use them to start a revolution in Venezuela. Eleazar López Contreras, one of the generals that helped restore democracy back in 1928, is ready to step in once again should the current government fail to restore order, but [Root.GetLeader] insists that the police can handle the excesses and things will settle down soon.
The government restores calm.
A temporary Junta seizes power.
The 1939 Presidential Election
Despite the crises caused by Black Monday, the presidential election scheduled for this year is still happening and the campaigning has been fierce as a result. The social-democratic Acción Democrática has a good chance of securing another term, promising to continue their policy of welfare expansion and industrial diversification. The social-liberal Unión Republicana Democrática, the other moderate party born from the Generación del 1926, also has a good chance of taking the presidency through promises of economic prosperity and use of nationalist rhetoric. Finally, while their chances are relatively low, the Internationale-aligned Partido Socialista de Venezuela has, surprisingly enough, been seriously campaigning, using Black Monday to push their radical anti-capitalist and socialist ideology.
AD secures another term.
URD wins the presidency.
PSV achieves a revolution-by-ballot.
The Spread of Syndicalism in Venezuela
It has come to attention that a coalition of Internationale-aligned parties have taken over the Venezuelan government after an election. While we certainly cannot accept such a hostile ideology gaining ground in our backyard, we have been approached by a group of Venezuelan officers, led by General Marcos Pérez Jiménez, for our support as they wish to oust their newly-elected socialist government that threaten their and, as they reminded us, our interests.
Support their coup and secure our interests.
A waste of our resources.
Marcos Pérez Jiménez seizes power!
It appears that the socialist government had not only internal, but external enemies as well. General Pérez Jiménez, with support from many officers and the army, has seized power in a bloody coup to stop the PSV's revolutionary policies. After a brief showdown with a hastily-assembled militia loyal to the PSV, the army arrested a number of PSV politicians and blocked access to the Palacio Legislativo. Within a couple of days, Pérez Jiménez's supporters have secured the country and PSV leaders have either fled or in hiding. It appears that the United States of America is behind this.
The Junta Nacional will save us from syndicalism.
Importing Small Arms
Because of how limited our domestic arms industry is, we are still reliant on foreign producers. We have two main suppliers: Fabrique Nationale in [BEL.GetName] and Österreichische Waffenfabriksgesellschaft Steyr in [AUS.GetNameDef] and we are certain that either company will be happy to be contracted for another batch of small arms for our expanding military.
It appears that our first choice is unable to supply us with the quantity of firearms we requested. Thankfully, we have a second option who are hopefully able and willing to sell us much-needed rifles to the Venezuelan Army.
Clearly, these foreign companies are not to be trusted as we feared. We will have to make due with local arms production or acquire them in some other way.
Ask FN.
Ask OEWG Steyr.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Exporting Arms to Venezuela?
We have been approached by an officer from the Venezuelan military looking to buy a large amount of small arms to refit their troops. While we obviously will have to say goodbye to part of our arms stockpile, it would be a rather lucrative contract that would stimulate our arms industry.
Sounds like a good deal!
We can't spare any arms.
Small Arms Shipment
We have successfully acquired a sizeable shipment of small arms to outfit our troops or hold in reserve. Our soldiers will have no issue using them as they are similar or the same as what they are used to. Now, of course, we have to pay for the guns.
Excellent.
The 'Fifty-to-Fifty' Law
President [VEN.GetLeader] has just signed into law a bill that will reduce the profit foreign governments make off Venezuelan oil. Termed the 'fifty-to-fifty' law, the bill will allow the government to take half of the proceeds generated by foreign drilling in Venezuela. This is a great step towards economic independence, and many have lauded the government for this action.
A fairer deal.
Black Monday Hits the Oil Wells!
Venezuela's economy has been in a golden age since the discovery of our rich oil wells. The hungry industries of Europe, America and Japan have long bought all the oil they could afford. However, after the crash, things went sideways alarmingly, if unsurprisingly, quickly. Oil prices plummeted, and state revenue too. Soon basic services will suffer, and President [Root.GetLeader] will have to act before it is too late.
Catastrophic!
Importing Artillery
Because of the limited size of our arms industry, heavy weapons and equipment such as artillery pieces are difficult to come by. Until our military industry is up to date, we must import them. Two major producers come to mind: Krupp in Germany and Škoda in Bohemia. Both of these companies offer the quantity of big guns we need at a price we can afford and have the best reputation.
It appears that our first choice is unable to supply us with the quantity of artillery pieces we requested. Thankfully, we have a second option who are hopefully able and willing to sell us much-needed guns to the Venezuelan Army.
Clearly, these foreign companies are not to be trusted as we feared. We will have to make due with local arms production or acquire them in some other way.
Ask Krupp.
Ask Škoda.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Exporting Arms to Venezuela?
We have been approached by an officer from the Venezuelan military looking to buy a modest amount of artillery pieces to refit their troops. While we obviously will have to say goodbye to part of our arms stockpile, it would be a rather lucrative contract that would stimulate our arms industry.
Sounds like a good deal!
We can't spare any arms.
Artillery Shipment
We have successfully acquired a sizeable shipment of field guns to outfit our troops or hold in reserve. These will give us a much-needed boost in firepower. Now, of course, we have to pay for the guns.
Excellent.
Acquiring Surplus Fighters
The aviation industry in Venezuela is practically non-existent, but aircraft have been already proven to be an integral part of modern warfare. The Germans and the United States, if stability has returned there, should have enough surplus aircraft to sell to us at a cheap price, letting us outfit our nascent air force and study their designs.
Our first choice for surplus aircraft is unable to provide us with the equipment we requested. Thankfully, we have an alternative to fall back to and we can only hope that they will prove more willing than the first.
It appears that we have ran out of options as the main players in the aeronautics industry are either unavailable to us or unwilling to spare us surplus aircraft. We will have to figure out another way to get new aircraft for our air force and to jump-start out own industry with limited help.
Ask a German company.
Ask an American company.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Exporting Planes to Venezuela?
We have been approached by an officer from the Venezuelan military looking to buy a modest amount of fighters for use by their air force. While we obviously will have to say goodbye to part of our fighter stockpile, it would be a rather lucrative contract that would stimulate our arms industry.
Sounds like a good deal!
We can't spare any planes.
Fighter Shipment
We have successfully acquired a sizeable shipment of fighters for use by our air force or to hold in reserve. These will give us a much-needed boost in firepower. Now, of course, we have to pay for the planes.
Excellent.
Importing Small Arms
Because of how limited our domestic arms industry is, we are still reliant on foreign producers. However, our main suppliers are unwilling to sell us arms because of our revolutionary government. Thankfully, our Comrades in France and Britain should be able to help us with our small arms deficit.
It appears that our first choice is unable to supply us with the quantity of firearms we requested. Thankfully, we have a second option who are hopefully able and willing to trade us much-needed rifles to the Venezuelan Army.
Clearly, these foreign companies are not to be trusted as we feared. We will have to make due with local arms production or acquire them in some other way.
Ask our French comrades.
Ask the revolutionary British.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Importing Artillery
Because of the limited size of our arms industry, heavy weapons and equipment such as artillery pieces are difficult to come by. Until our military industry is up to date, we must import them. Our French and British comrades do produce enough high-quality guns and will hopefully be able to spare some to protect the revolution in Venezuela.
It appears that our first choice is unable to supply us with the quantity of artillery pieces we requested. Thankfully, we have a second option who are hopefully able and willing to sell us much-needed guns to the Venezuelan Army.
Clearly, these foreign companies are not to be trusted as we feared. We will have to make due with local arms production or acquire them in some other way.
Ask our French comrades.
Ask the revolutionary British.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Acquiring Surplus Fighters
The aviation industry in Venezuela is practically non-existent, but aircraft have been already proven to be an integral part of modern warfare. Our French and British comrades, or even the revolutionaries in America, may be able to supply us with some aircraft to help us build up our air force.
Our first choice for surplus aircraft is unable to provide us with the equipment we requested. Thankfully, we have an alternative to fall back to and we can only hope that they will prove more willing than the first.
It appears that we have ran out of options as the main players in the aeronautics industry are either unavailable to us or unwilling to spare us surplus aircraft. We will have to figure out another way to get new aircraft for our air force and to jump-start out own industry with limited help.
Ask our French comrades.
The new Americans must have surplus to spare!
Ask the revolutionary British.
We couldn't trust them after all.
Alliance with the USA
It is no secret that since General Pérez Jiménez's coup that Venezuela is aligned with the USA. Now that the former has formalised the League of American States, we can join this alliance and formalise our close ties with the United States of America.
The USA is our greatest ally.
Opposition Organises in Venezuela
Last week, an armoury was raided and hundreds of weapons stolen. Unsurprisingly, today, we received news that opponents to our government have been organising under the safety of Venezuela's reactionary regime. While we have no proof, we suspect that these disgruntled traitors are responsible for stealing Colombian Army rifles and smuggling them to Venezuela, preparing an insurrection.
We must stay vigilant.
Venezuela Prepares for War
As we suspected, the reactionary Venezuelans have been preparing to overthrow our government. Not only have they been arming Colombian traitors in their country, but we have received intelligence reports that they are mobilising their forces and preparing to invade us.
They won't take an inch of Colombian land.
An Ultimatum From Caracas
The Venezuelans have claimed the region west of the Essequibo River in Guyana since independence from Spain, even though in 1899 it was decided by the United States that the territory would remain British. Caracas never gave up however, and now Venezuela seems to have taken advantage of our fight against the British to make territorial demands on Guyana. They have declared that we have forty-eight hours to evacuate the territory before their troops move in, and woe to any of our personnel left at that time. This is a ridiculous demand, and it is clear that we will have to defend Guyana against the treacherous Venezuelans once more.
We must prepare for war. There is no other choice.
[WIF.GetNameDefCap] Refuses our Ultimatum
Unsurprisingly, the perfidious, stubborn Anglos have refused to cede the occupied territory of Guyana Esequiba. It appears that we will have to retake it by force. All patriotic Venezuelans celebrate today as we move in to reclaim what is ours.
We shall retake our rightful lands!
Colombian Volunteers Return Home
With their homeland liberated, the volunteers we armed to overthrow the oppressive syndicalist regime in Colombia have been disbanded and they have returned home, decorated and honoured.
Their service will be remembered.
Venezuela Purchases Shares in our Oil Industry
Our petroleum industry controls a huge portion of Venezuela's oil. In an attempt to acquire a larger portion of the profits generated by their resources, the Venezuelan government has bought a larger share of our oil assets in their country.
Such is the Free Market.
Venezuela Seizes our Oil Assets
As we are unable to protect our assets oversears, the Venezuelan government has taken advantage of our precarious situation and has seized our oil assets in their country. While this is a loss for [Root.GetAdjective] companies, there is nothing we can do to stop them.
Damned Vultures!
The 1944 Presidential Election
As our constitution dictates, five years have elapsed since the last election and it is time for a new one. The Acción Democrática and Unión Republicana Democrática are still the main contender, while the Partio Socialista de Venezuela remains dedicated to the destruction of the bourgeois system through the system itself.
AD secures another term.
URD wins the presidency.
PSV achieves a revolution-by-ballot.
The 1949 Presidential Election
As our constitution dictates, five years have elapsed since the last election and it is time for a new one. The Acción Democrática and Unión Republicana Democrática are still the main contender, while the Partio Socialista de Venezuela remains dedicated to the destruction of the bourgeois system through the system itself.
AD secures another term.
URD wins the presidency.
PSV achieves a revolution-by-ballot.
The 1954 Presidential Election
As our constitution dictates, five years have elapsed since the last election and it is time for a new one. The Acción Democrática and Unión Republicana Democrática are still the main contender, while the Partio Socialista de Venezuela remains dedicated to the destruction of the bourgeois system through the system itself. This time, however, a conservative party has entered the fray: The Comité de Organización Política Electoral Independiente.
AD secures another term.
URD wins the presidency.
PSV achieves a revolution-by-ballot.
COPEI, the newcomers, wins.
The 1959 Presidential Election
As our constitution dictates, five years have elapsed since the last election and it is time for a new one. The Acción Democrática and Unión Republicana Democrática are still the main contender, with COPEI in third, while the Partio Socialista de Venezuela remains dedicated to the destruction of the bourgeois system through the system itself.
AD secures another term.
URD wins the presidency.
PSV achieves a revolution-by-ballot.
COPEI, the newcomers, wins.
Venezuela in the Internationale?
Venezuela, against all odds, has recently elected a syndicalist government and has made great strides towards a peaceful revolution. Now that they are stable, they wish to help us in our war against the reactionaries.
Welcome, comrades!
How are we supposed to help them? Swim?
France Accepts us into the Internationale
Good news! France has decided to welcome us into the revolutionary brotherhood of nations.
¡Proletarios de todos los países, uníos!
France Refuses
For some reason, the Commune of France has refused our offer to join them in their crusade against the reactionaries.
¿Qué?
Venezuela in the Entente?
It seems Venezuela is engaged in a state of war with the Syndicalists of the Third Internationale. Though we have had uneasy relations with the Venezuelans since the crises of 1895 and then 1902, they have reached out to the British Empire to protect them from the red menace of the Communards. However this strange turn of events has come to pass, Venezuela, with her vast oil reserves and strategic position, could prove a valuable ally in the fight against syndicalism. Some members of Parliament, however, have argued against involving ourselves in a foreign conflict. Other PMs argue that if we wish to be the protector of the Western Hemisphere in place of the failing United States, we need to intervene. What should we do?
Welcome to the Entente, Venezuela.
We do not need the liability.
Canada Accepts Us into the Entente
Good news! Canada has decided to allow us into their alliance. We shall now drive the Syndicalists out of the Caribbean and beyond together!
God Save the King, then!
Canada Refuses
For some reason, Canada has refused our request for an alliance. We shall fight alone.
¿Qué?
Peace with Venezuela?
We have been pushed out of Guyana, and our forces have failed to make a beachhead near their capital. It is clear to us we are losing this war, and it is clear to the Venezuelans too. They have offered us peace, demanding only the claimed regions of Guyana to the Essequibo River. Should we take their offer of peace, or fight until the bitter end?
Take your damn jungle, Venezuela.
We shall never surrender!
Victory in Guyana!
The West Indians have agreed to our offer of peace. Guyana Esequiba is ours once again, and will remain part of Venezuela forevermore! All over the country, the people are united in their patriotism - though there may be some trouble with the new territories, where our administrators report there is nary a Spanish-speaker to be found. Nevertheless, this is a great day for all Venezuelans!
¡Dios y Federación!
The West Indians Refuse Peace
[WIF.GetNameDefCap] have treacherously refused our generous peace deal. They have once again declared they will never cede Guyana Esequiba to us, and so the war must carry on. Some in our government are privately wondering if we can truly win a drawn-out conflict, but the people are, for now, committed to go on.
Damn Anglos!
The Venezuelan Government Offers Alliance
In the aftermath of our peaceful intervention in the troubled republic of Venezuela, stability has finally been restored under President Marcos Pérez Jiménez. In order to maintain the health and prestige of his regime, he has asked us to join with him in making a formal treaty of alliance and aid. Since we are part of a greater alliance, the [ROOT.GetFactionName], we will need to ask the leading country of our alliance if they would be willing to protect Venezuela. Since we will be doing most of the heavy lifting in protecting them, however, there is no reason to refuse.
Pass on the request to our ally.
We don't want the Venezuelans.
America Forwards Venezuelan Alliance Request
Our American allies have received a request from Venezuela to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. The United States seems interested in bringing their southern neighbour into its sphere, and has encouraged us to accept. While Venezuela would provide us with a stable oil supply and a base in the southern Caribbean, allying them risks entanglement in South American politics. Should we allow them to join?
Naturally they are welcome!
It would be too much of a liability.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts the Venezuelan Offer
Our allies in [FROM.GetName] have accepted our request that Venezuela be allowed to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. Our reputation as the most influential country in the Americas has been reinforced, and we have a firm new ally to boot.
Great!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Alliance
[From.GetNameDefCap] has accepted our request to join their global alliance, the [FROM.GetFactionName]. This is a great day for international cooperation, and a day that signals the coming death of worldwide radicalism and socialism!
Our request for an alliance was forwarded by the Americans to the faraway nation of [FROM.GetName], and they have accepted our request to join their global alliance, the [FROM.GetFactionName]. This is a great day for international cooperation, and a day that signals the coming death of worldwide radicalism and socialism!
To friendship!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
Although the Americans had clearly already shown their willingness to help us, their alliance has proved less friendly. Our offer of alliance has been rebuffed, on the grounds that we might drag them into wars with our neighbours. This is a national outrage, and has shaken our popularity with the people.
We were foolish to trust the imperialists.
Venezuela Elects a Syndicalist Government
In what has no doubt come as quite a blow to many entrenched interest groups the Venezuelan people have elected the left wing Partido Socialista de Venezuela to run the country. The PSV was not the favourite to win by any stretch of the imagination and has many enemies.\n\nThe oil-rich and strategically vital country occupies a special place in South America in terms of importance for foreign, particular U.S, interests. As a result it is unclear whether Venezuela's so-called \
A socialist Venezuela? Really?
U.S-Backed Coup in Venezuela
News from Venezuela has leaked out this morning that the recent electoral victory by the socialist PSV has been undone through the work of a major military putsch led by General Marcos Pérez Jiménez. After bloody street fighting against hastily assembled leftist forces the Army regained control of the Palacio Legislativo and arrested a number of leading PSV figures.\n\nThere is little doubt either domestically or internationally that a newly emboldened United States is in some way responsible for backing General Jiménez, for Venezuela's strategic importance makes it vital to American interests. Whether such a bold step represents a new U.S foreign policy shift is unknown, but for now Venezuela is under new management.
The Eagle still has some life in her!
Tomás Contreras Villalobos
§YBorn:§! §Lin the United States of Venezuela§!
Marcos Evangelista Pérez Jiménez
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1914, in Táchira, Táchira State, United States of Venezuela§!
Diógenes Escalante Ugarte
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1879, in Queniquea, Táchira State, United States of Venezuela§!
José Eleazar López Contreras
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1883, in Queniquea, Los Andes State, United States of Venezuela§!
Rafael Antonio Caldera Rodríguez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1916, in San Felipe, Yaracuy State, United States of Venezuela§!
Isaías Medina Angarita
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1897, in San Cristóbal, Los Andes State, United States of Venezuela§!
Elías Toro Caspers
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1907, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Rómulo Ernesto Betancourt Bello
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1908, in Guatire, Miranda State, United States of Venezuela§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA young bombastic, but moderate, member of the broad coalition which brought down the dictator Juan Vicente Gómez, Betancourt's election led to a schism in that coalition. Betancourt moves to consolidate the restoration of democracy in Venezuela and move away from dependence on oil for economic growth.§!
Juan Bautista Fuenmayor
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1905, in Maracaibo, Zulia State, United States of Venezuela§!
Gustavo Machado Morales
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1898, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Carlos Román Delgado Chalbaud Gómez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1909, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Elías Guiterrez
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1870, in La Guaira, Bolívar State, United States of Venezuela§!
Lopez Marino
§YBorn:§! §Lin the United States of Venezuela§!
Reyes Chamorra
§YBorn:§! §Lin the United States of Venezuela§!
Mariano Henrique López Méndez y Ron
§YBorn:§! §L1873, in Zaraza, Guárico State, United States of Venezuela§!
Wolfgang Enrique Larrazábal Ugueto
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1911, in Carúpano, Sucre State, United States of Venezuela§!
Arnoldo Gabaldon Carrillo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1909, in Trujillo, Trujillo State, United States of Venezuela§!
Juan Oropeza Riera
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1906, in Carora, Lara State, United States of Venezuela§!
Romulo Gallegos
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1884, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
José Rafael Gabaldón
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1884, in Betijoque, Los Andes State, United States of Venezuela§!
Andrés Eloy Blanco
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1896, in Cumaná, Cumana State, United States of Venezuela§!
Arturo Uslar Pietri
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1906, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Germán Suárez Flamerich
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1907, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Luis Eduardo Chataing
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1906, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Pedro Estrada
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1906, in Güiria, Cristóbal Colón Territory, United States of Venezuela§!
Rodolfo Quintero
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1909, in Maracaibo, Zulia State, United States of Venezuela§!
Francisco José Delgado
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1907, in Duaca, Lara State, United States of Venezuela§!
Miguel Acosta Saignes
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1908, in San Casimiro, Aragua State, United States of Venezuela§!
Florencio Gómez Núñez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1908, in Maracay, Aragua State, United States of Venezuela§!
Felipe Larrazábal Blanco
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1885, in the Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Carlos Meyer Baldó
§YBorn:§! §LApril 21st, 1895, in Maracaibo, Zulia State, United States of Venezuela§!
Luis Camilo Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1886, in Caracas, Federal District, United States of Venezuela§!
Academia Militar de Venezuela
§YFounded:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1810, in Caracas, Province of Caracas, Captaincy General of Venezuela§!
Tan Viet
New Viet Revolutionary Party (Tan Viet Cach mang Dang)
Aspiration Society
Aspiration Society (Hoi Kin Cao vong)
Indochinese Revolutionary League
Indochinese Revolutionary League (Hoi Dong Duong Cach mang)
VNQDD
Vietnamese Nationalist Party (Viet Nam Quoc dan Dang)
People's Rule Party
People's Rule Party of Dai Viet (Dai Viet Dan chinh Dang)
Indochinese Constitutionalist Party
Indochinese Constitutionalist Party (Dang Lap hien Dong Duong)
Progressive Party
Progressive Party (Dang Tien Bo)
National Union Bloc
National Union Bloc (Khoi Quoc Gia Lian Hiep)
Royalist Party
Royalist Party (Dang Bao Hoang)
Cao Dai
The Great Faith for the Third Universal Redemption (Dai Dao Tam Ky Pho Do)
Vietnam
Vietnamese
Vietnam
People's Republic of Vietnam
the People's Republic of Vietnam
People's Republic of Vietnam
the People's Republic of Vietnam
People's Republic of Vietnam
the People's Republic of Vietnam
Le Duc Tho
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1911, in Nam Truc, Nam Đinh Province, Protectorate of Tonkin, Indochinese Union§!
Bao Dai
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1913, in Doan-Trang-Vien Palace, Huê, Thua Thiên Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Ngo Dinh Diem
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1901, in Đai Phong Lôc, Quang Nam Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Cuong De
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1882, in Huê, Thua Thiên Province, Protectorate of Annam, Indochinese Union§!
Pham Cong Tac
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1890, in Bình Lâp, Tân An Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Van Hinh
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1915, in Vũng Tàu, Bà Ria Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Duong Van Minh
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1916, in My Tho Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Le Van Ty
§YBorn:§! §LMay 17th, 1904, in Thăng Nhì, Vũng Tàu, Bà Ria Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Tran Quang Vinh
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1897, in Long Xuyên, Long Xuyên Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Le Quang Vinh
§YBorn:§! §L1923, in Long Xuyên, Long Xuyên Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Le Quang My
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Indochinese Union§!
Tran Van Chon
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1920, in Vũng Tàu, Bà Ria Province, Colony of Cochinchina, Indochinese Union§!
Nguyen Ton Hoan
Tran Trong Kim
Hoang Xuan Han
Ngo Dinh Can
Ngo Dinh Thuc
Ha Thuc Ky
Nguyen Giac Ngo
Le Van Vien
Vuong Thua Vu
