Baltic Duchy Social Liberal Tree
Baltic Duchy Paternal Autocrat Tree
Baltic Brotherhood Focus Tree
Riga Focus Tree
Baltic Union Focus Tree
Europe Revival Front
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
RALET
Latvijas un Igaunijas teritoriju revolucionārā alianse / Läti ja Eesti alade revolutsiooniline liit (Revolutionary Alliance of the Latvian and Estonian Territories)\n§LThe October Revolution was the signal many revolutionary socialists within the Baltic States had been waiting for to rise up and seek the realisation of Marx's vision, regardless of their disagreements on the specifics. These hopes were dashed with the victory of the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg and the defeat of the Reds in the Russian Civil War. After repeated failures in inciting revolution within the United Baltic Duchy, the surviving socialists have taken to organising underground. A hodgepodge of Bolshevik and Menshevik sympathisers, anarchists, and other radical leftists, it is unlikely this alliance will last long should the Duchy's rotten structure finally collapse.§!\n
Riga Democratic Bloc
Rīgas demokrātiskais bloks / Riia demokraatlik blokk (Riga Democratic Bloc)\n§LThe establishment of the United Baltic Duchy over the heads of the majority Latvian and Estonian population has not served to endear the new administration to the nations they lord over. While more radicalised members of these ethnicities may join insurgent groups like the RALET or the Forest Brothers, a significant proportion of the native Baltic peoples places its faith in the democratic process.\n\nCoalesced out of several Estonian independentist parties and the primarily Latvian Riga Democratic Bloc, the new Democratic Bloc fields candidates to the Landtag in the interest of championing Latvian and Estonian interests. They often find themselves in support of the DbDP, viewing them as an acceptable compromise until independence can be achieved.§!\n
DbDP
Deutsch-baltische Demokratische Partei (Baltic German Democratic Party)\n§LThe Baltic German Democratic Party follows the ideological thought of Paul Schiemann, which can best be described as meritocratic liberalism. It worships the inherent human rights of the individual and equality of opportunity no matter one's religion, nationality or social standing. Political power should be awarded to those most educated and virtuous, in the interests of ensuring smooth and adequately representative governance. Foremost in Schiemann's political thought is the principle of national-personal autonomy, which the party hopes can provide a stable long-term solution to the Duchy's complicated situation.§!\n
DbFP
Deutsch-baltische Fortschrittliche Partei (Baltic German Progressive Party)\n§LA relatively minor party on the Baltic political scene, the DbFP has historically maintained a cordial relationship with Latvian and Estonian parties, calling for more rights for the country's minorities and wide-reaching social programs, with the ultimate goal of enfranchising the citizens of the Duchy, regardless of nationality. This has placed them in a difficult position, as Estonians and Latvians feel more represented by their compatriots in the Democratic Bloc, while much of the Baltic German electorate views some of their measures as going too far. Despite this, the electoral system ensures they remain present on the political scene, acting as a junior partner to the DbDP.§!\n
DbRP
Deutsch-baltische Reformpartei (Baltic German Reform Party)\n§LA party treading the middle line between the progressivism of the DbDP and the rigid conservatism of the DbVP, the DbRP claims to be a party for the middle-class, remaining relatively isolated from the aristocratic elements of the Baltic German population. They are thus amenable to political reform and hold respect for the democratic process. Despite this, they remain a conservative party, viewing the potential of the more numerous Estonians and Latvians to enforce their will upon the Baltic German population in a truly free and fair democracy as alarming.§!\n
DbVP
Deutsch-baltische Volkspartei (Baltic German People's Party)\n§LRepresenting the interests of the Duchy's landholding minority, the DbVP is firmly in favour of upholding the status quo. Retaining contacts with the Knighthoods which until recently controlled the government, the DbVP are unlikely to endorse major enfranchisement of the Latvian and Estonian population, acting instead as a platform for the perpetuation of Baltic German supremacy within the Duchy. They remain the main opposition force to the DbDP's progressive agenda within the Landtag.§!\n
VdBR
Verband der Baltischen Ritterschaften (Association of the Baltic Knighthoods)\n§LThe legacy of the Northern Crusades and the consequent establishment of an ethnically German ruling elite within the territory of the modern Duchy is made manifest within the four Baltic Knighthoods. Acting, for the most part, independently from the central government, they have significant influence upon the latter, as they possess the power to appoint members to local governments as they see fit. Unsurprisingly, they are strongly reactionary, viewing democratic and social reforms as a threat to the idealised Baltic German noble's way of life.§!\n
Baltic Brotherhood
Baltische Brüderschaft (Baltic Brotherhood)\n§LThe Baltic Brotherhood's ideology is an eclectic mutation of radical Christianity and Baltic German exceptionalism. It is a millenarian religious movement which proclaims a new reading of the Bible and calls for a restoration of Christian morality across all of Europe. In the Baltic German nation, it sees a history of religious warfare and stalwart faith, and so believes that their purpose is to champion this rebirth of Christianity in the face of Eastern and Syndicalist onslaught.\n\nFanatically loyal to pan-Germanism, the Brotherhood believes that Germany's role should be to lead Europe in this crusade, and so its goal is to turn the Baltics into a model province for the 'National Revival', from where the flame can be brought to Germany. In practice, this results in an ideology which is totalitarian, fanatically dedicated to Christian ideals, and heavily militaristic.§!\n
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Riga branch of the LKP works tirelessly to reunite newly-liberated Latvia with its historical capital, attempting to stoke insurrection via strike actions and sabotage. Despite this, Riga's security forces and the lack of radicalism amongst the population mean that their mission is unlikely to succeed without a large-scale armed confrontation.§!\n
RAC
Rīgas Arodbiedrību Centrālbirojs (Central Office of Riga Trade Unions)\n§LThe Riga Central Office of Trade Unions was founded after the 1905 Russian Revolution to coordinate the trade unions in Riga’s large industrial sector. While elements within the Office secretly harbour sympathies for their French and British counterparts, being thus in favour of seizing control from the democratic government, they are unlikely to act against the state, especially in the presence of a large German garrison.§!\n
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Riga branch of the LKP works tirelessly to reunite newly-liberated Latvia with its historical capital, attempting to stoke insurrection via strike actions and sabotage. Despite this, Riga's security forces and the lack of radicalism amongst the population mean that their mission is unlikely to succeed without a large-scale armed confrontation.§!\n
DbLP
Deutsch-baltische Landespartei (Baltic German State Party)\n§LUntil recently a relatively minor player in the United Baltic Duchy's Landtag, the DbLP's popularity within the city of Riga's local government has left it a major player in the wake of the Duchy's collapse. Having previously committed to democratic reforms and political enfranchisement, the party's efforts have been rewarded with a semblance of normality within the city amidst the chaos unfolding outside its limits. Ideologically, the party lies between the DbDP and DbRP, seeking a free democratic society, but one in which the Baltic Germans will always have a significant role to play.§!\n
Pan-German League
Baltischer Alldeutscher Verband (Pan-German League)\n§LThe Baltic branch of the Pan-German League was founded in 1920 and holds a certain sway among the more reactionary part of its urban population. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy proved to the reactionaries the failings of the democratic system and the inherent unreliability of the natives. The remnants of previous far-right movements, relocated to Riga, have merged into the Pan-German League, seeking to reclaim the Duchy for Germans and for Germans alone, with the blessing of the Heimat.§!\n
Pan-German League
Baltischer Alldeutscher Verband (Pan-German League)\n§LThe Baltic branch of the Pan-German League was founded in 1920 and holds a certain sway among the more reactionary part of its urban population. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy proved to the reactionaries the failings of the democratic system and the inherent unreliability of the natives. The remnants of previous far-right movements, relocated to Riga, have merged into the Pan-German League, seeking to reclaim the Duchy for Germans and for Germans alone, with the blessing of the Heimat.§!\n
Aufbauvereinigung
Aufbauvereinigung (Reconstruction Organisation)\n§LWith the Baltic Brotherhood consolidating its grip over the territory of the United Baltic Duchy, it has declared the complete dissolution of the previous political system. Instead, all power is now in the hands of the Reconstruction Organisation, an evolution of the Brotherhood, which aims at presenting itself as a legitimate force for change. The Organisation's name has two-fold meaning: its mission is to reconstruct both the damage caused to the state by the recent native uprisings and by perceived ineffective democratic governance, but also to reconstruct the ideal of the German soul, which they claim can now be free from the demons of capitalism, leftism, or parliamentarianism.§!\n
BTKP
Communist Party of the Baltic Territories\n§LRadical elements of the revolutionary left within the Baltic states view the developments that led to the forging of a new Baltic Union as not going far enough, seeking the establishment of a proletarian dictatorship for the betterment of the industrial worker. They stand in opposition even to their fellow revolutionary socialists, viewing themselves as the \
ABC-Aušrinė
Central Bureau of Trade Unions - Student Socialist Society \
LKP-RALET
Communist Party of Lithuania - Revolutionary Alliance of Latvian and Estonian Territories\n§LWith the total collapse of the United Baltic Duchy and the establishment of a new Baltic state, ostensibly under native rule, the RALET continues its mission, which has now fulfilled its national component. Associating with their counterparts in the Lithuanian Communist party, they remain a strong proponent of revolutionary socialism and of the Baltic proletariat.§!\n
The Baltic German nobility got what it wanted from the Weltkrieg - a restoration of the rights and privileges which Russification policies trampled over and a state they could call their own, the United Baltic Duchy. Here, under the reign of Duke Adolf Friedrich, the Four Baltic Knighthoods rule a decentralised monarchy, the sentinel of aristocratic tradition. But pressure mounts to reform this byzantine system, and the Duke has pushed through a liberal, reformist government to see the changes through. When everything is against them, however, can the Baltic German dream survive?
GFX_BAT_intro
The United Baltic Duchy
Standing on the eastern coast of the Baltic Sea, the United Baltic Duchy is the easternmost Germanic state in Europe, formed in 1918 with the initiative of the local Baltic German population. Though initially imagined as a new member state of the German Empire, these hopes were eventually dashed, as the geopolitical realities of post-Weltkrieg Europe and the overwhelming Latvian and Estonian majority population made such a project impossible - not that the Baltic Germans themselves hardly wanted to lose their identity to the Heimat. Having successfully suppressed the Estonian War of Independence and prevented a similar uprising in Latvia thanks to the fractures within the Latvian nationalist movement, the Duchy established itself and now counts almost twenty years of history.\n\nThe United Baltic Duchy is, first and foremost, rooted in tradition. It inherits Provincial Ostsee Law, the system of representation through Landtags, and the institutional role of the Baltic Knighthoods from the times of the Livonian Confederation, and these traditions make up a large part of Baltic German identity. Even the poorest Baltic noble is proud of living in a community which listens to the concerns of each and every landowner, and holds the knightly traditions of the nobility in utmost respect. In practice, however, this means that the Duchy is a barely functional state with a byzantine system of government, completely unprepared for the challenges facing ahead...
Convent of von Samson-Himmelstjerna
The current Chairman of the Land Colleges, and thus head of the Convent of the Land Administrators, the executive government of the Duchy, is Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna, a former member of the Ducal Regency Council and member of the Baltic German Democratic Party.\n\nFollowing a succession of several conservative governments controlled by the Baltic Knighthoods, the pressure for reform within the United Baltic Duchy eventually became too hard to bear. A strengthening Baltic German middle class, traditionally reluctantly allied with the conservative nobility, started to sway to the other side, joining forces with reformist and Baltic nationalist groups if it meant that any reform to the byzantine, antiquated system was introduced. Though by no means a liberal reformist, eventually Duke Adolf Friedrich himself had to intervene. Using the powers of royal prerogative, he dismissed the previous Chairman of the Land Colleges and cooperated with the liberal reformist Democratic Party to help forge an alliance of liberal and moderate parties.\n\nThe true power behind the throne, however, is Paul Schiemann, the leader of the DbDP. A liberal reformist, he could not assume any position in the Landratskollegium because of his non-noble birth, but nevertheless served as the guide of the incumbent government from his lowly position. An idealistic visionary, Paul Schiemann envisions a liberal, pluralistic Baltic Federation with an established modern constitution, free, universal and democratic elections, equality between the Baltic Germans and the native Balts, and a system of social welfare. Believing his vision to be superior to the reaction of the Knighthoods, he is supported by the representatives of native Balts and the German middle class in the Landtag, and has the reluctant acquiescence of the moderate conservative DbRP. The Duke also sees his programme as a step in the right direction, even if he disagrees with some of the tenets.
Government Structure of the Duchy
The United Baltic Duchy can best be described as a federal oligarchic semi-constitutional monarchy. It is devolved into six Cantons, each one with their own Landtags and Land Colleges, and the autonomous City of Riga. This division of powers is replicated in the federal government, which is composed of the Landtag of the United Baltic Duchy and the Convent of the Land Administrators. The Baltic Landtag is a parliamentary body, elected by the inhabitants of the Duchy with the Prussian three-house electoral system, and is headed by the Land Marshal. The Land Colleges and the Convent are appointed by the four Baltic Knighthoods — corporations of the Baltic German nobility. Above both stands the Duke, who has the power of judicial and executive appointment, and other powers of royal prerogative.\n\nWhile it is easy to assume that the Landtag is the legislature and the Convent is the executive, the truth is far more complicated than that. The Convent is not made up of ministries, but is rather a body of 18 Land Administrators who collectively manage the day to day matters of the state in cooperation with the Knighthoods and the Landtag. They have the features of an upper house — they attend Landtag sessions and cannot propose laws, but review them, and their stated purpose is \
Political Concerns
The coalition orchestrated by the Baltic German Democratic Party may have a noble goal to reform the Duchy to the modern age, but their enemies are plentiful. The Baltic Knighthoods, noble corporations which unite the Baltic German nobility, hold no good will towards the liberal constitutionalist project espoused by Paul Schiemann, seeing it as a threat to the historical traditions of the lands they are supposed to protect. A major thorn in the side of the incumbent Convent is the fact that the Knighthoods have their own man in the government - Baron Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg, Land Marshal of the Ducal Landtag. While by no means a reactionary, von Ungern-Sternberg is a conservative landowner and definitely does not sympathise with the liberal Democratic Party - and should the situation decay, his complacency may break at last.\n\nTwo decades of political decay and infighting have left quite a few Baltic nobles, especially younger ambitious ones, disappointed with the entire system. Both the liberal Baltic Federation project and the reaction of the Baltic Knighthoods disappoint them, the former for surrendering to the inferior natives and the latter for failing to restore the greatness of the Baltic state. Their salvation is the Baltic Brotherhood, a clandestine religious and Pan-Germanic nationalist order, operating in brotherly circles in cities and towns and exerting their power through influence within Baltic German nobles. Its goal is the renewal of the Teutonic spirit of the Baltic Germans and a deep union with the German Empire, and their mission is to resurrect the medieval idea of Drang Nach Osten, a crusade to the East in the name of Germanic supremacy. Due to the Baltic Brotherhood's ambition to centralise the state, both the Duke and Landtag are adamantly incompatible and can never cooperate.\n\nThe Latvians and Estonians have never fully accepted their subordination in the Baltic Duchy. Their nationalist movements lost strength after the failed uprisings of 1918, but rebuilt it by the early 1930s. The government in exile of the Republic of Estonia in Stockholm and the Latvian National Council in Petrograd advocate for the independence of their respective nations, and groups of partisans within the forests and hills are forming in preparation for the final struggle for liberation...
§MLiberalism by Guidance§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Dualism period begins, collect 150 political power in 180 days and succeed in defeating the Forest Brothers uprising if it happens.\n£white_dot You will have four decisions to collect political power, each one of them will have the chance to give:\n- An event that offers 15 pp and takes 5% stability (in the case of £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_liberals_alliance$§! this is 5% war support instead).\n- A one time chance for an event that will offer 25 in exchange for a drawback.\n- A one time chance for an event that will offer 40 political power in exchange for another drawback.\n- Or a very small change an event that gives nothing which chances to appear will increase after each of the one time events do.\n §LIs recommended to start by trying to get the 25 political power event (which comes with no drawback) and the 40 political power event (which disables the decision £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_knighthoods_alliance$§!) from £decision_icon_small §Y$BAT_liberals_alliance$§!, afterwards the chances to get nothing will be too high, so it will be better to change to the other two remaining decisions.§!\n\n §CNote:§! If the Forest Brothers uprising happens, is preferable to reject the National Unity Armistice. If that option is chosen, don't forget to complete two anti-partisan decisions two avoid a coup by the Landeswehr.\n\n§MTradition Remains§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fail to collect 150 political power in 180 days, but succeed in defeating the Forest Brothers uprising.\n\n§MThe Baltic Renewal§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot When the Forest Brothers uprising begins, you will receive an event for a National Unity Armistice a few days later. Refuse it.\n£white_dot You will be given a window of 45 days to enact two anti-partisan decisions. Fail it, and the Landeswehr will coup you to turn National Populist.\n\n§M£KR_game_rule_flag_BAT_riga  Riga, £KR_game_rule_flag_LAT  Latvia§! and £KR_game_rule_flag_EST  §MEstonia§!:\n£white_dot When the Forest Brothers uprising happens, wait for average Resistance to reach over 70 percent. It does not matter which path you end up with during that time.\n£white_dot You will receive an event to switch to either Riga, Latvia or Estonia.
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_BAT_riga  Riga§!\n\n§MSchiemann's Legacy§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have higher §lDbDP§! popularity than §cDbLP§! or §PPan-German League§! popularity after completing the focus \
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_LAT  Latvia§!\n\n$LAT_guide$
The Duchy Falls - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_EST  Estonia§!\n\n$EST_guide$
Black Monday Reaches the Duchy
Black Monday Reaches the Duchy
The economic boom of the late 1920s and early 1930s has come to an end, and the United Baltic Duchy's deep economic ties to the German Empire have dragged it with the rest of the Reichspakt to economic disarray. Exports have frozen, factories are relieving workers en masse, and all financial activity has come to a screeching halt. This crisis has caught the Ducal Landtag dissolved and the Convent of Land Administrators paralysed, unsure of how to act in response. There is only one thing left to do to counter the developing economic crisis...
Gather an extraordinary session of the Landtag!
Paul Schiemann's Closing Statement
Paul Schiemann's Closing Statement
Currently, the Landtag of the United Baltic Duchy is gathered to its winter session in Riga. As the budget for the fiscal year of 1936 has been approved and given the Convent's stamp of approval, the rest of the two-week session has been largely passive and devoid of conflict. The closing statement of the Landtag session has raised a bit of a ruckus, however. Whilst tradition requires the captains of the Four Baltic Knighthoods to make the closing statement and wish the gathered Baltic nobility a good year, Chairman of the Land Colleges Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna instead invited Paul Schiemann, the head of the Democratic Party, to leave the departing Landtag members on a good note.\n\nAlbeit sickly and elderly, Schiemann has managed to fulfil the duties requested, and spoke for half an hour about the envisioned reforms of him, his party, and the government of the Duchy - on the other hand, however, he avoided getting into verbal conflict with the Knighthoods, mentioning them and affirming that 'good men such as these are necessary in times of change, and I sincerely hope that they will lend their support to the cause of reforms'. While this was not going to amend the rift between him and Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau, the Knight-Captain of the Livonian Knighthood and by extension the most powerful of the four Knighthood leaders... the inclusive nature of his speech has dissuaded the fears of many conservatives.
Until the summer session, then!
Who is Paul Schiemann?
Ringing Alarm Bells
Ringing Alarm Bells
An extraordinary session of the Baltic Landtag has been called, but has only exacerbated tensions within the upper echelons of government. In the first week of debates, no solution has been found, as even the Liberal coalition itself disagrees on what response should be taken. Representatives of the mercantile classes and the moderate conservatives under the Reform Party and Progressive Party, allied with the Democratic Party out of circumstance, vehemently disagree with Paul Schiemann's proposal on a social market economy. He and Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna believe that the Duchy's economic downturn was caused by unbridled free market activity and a compassionate social service system must arise in its place. Moderates such as Edwin Magnus and Werner Hasselblatt have delivered scathing criticism of this proposal in the Landtag, however, despite being ostensibly in the same coalition.\n\nOn the other hand, the Democratic Bloc, a social democratic alliance of Latvian and Estonian representatives in the Landtag, declares that the proposal does not go far enough. Pauls Kalniņš, the leader of the Democratic Bloc faction in the legislature, has delivered a report on the exploitation of native Baltic workers by German business firms in Reval and Riga, descriptions of sharp poverty among the peasant population, and demanded the government to act. All plans for constitutional reforms have to be put to rest when the coalition is struggling to survive.
Damn it...
Ungern-Sternberg's Gambit
Ungern-Sternberg's Gambit
Disagreements within the Democratic Party coalition have spurred Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg's, the Land Marshal of the Baltic Landtag, to act. In secret, he met with Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau and Wilhelm Robert von Bulmerincq, Knight-Captain of the Livonian Knighthood and leader of the conservative People's Party respectively, and secured their support for a gambit.\n\nStanding before the extraordinary session of the Landtag, von Ungern-Sternberg announced that he exerts his prerogative as Land Marshal to dismiss the Convent of Land Administrators from the session and remove all of the legislative projects initiated by the Democratic Party from the session schedule, effectively nullifying all of their power over the Landtag. The Reform Party which von Ungern-Sternberg represents has crossed benches and formed a majority with the DbVP and representatives of the Knighthoods, denying the Liberal coalition legislative power as well.\n\nInstead of resigning and allowing the Four Knighthoods to appoint a new Convent, Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna has chosen to fight. The executive government has been paralysed and a political battle of attrition begins...
You bastard!
Who are von Ungern-Sternberg and von Pilchau?
The End of the Dream
The disintegrating situation in the Duchy's government has finally drawn the ire of Duke Adolf Friedrich I. Though initially supportive of Chairman Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna and his liberal government, and content to let the Landtag duke out their differences while citing his political neutrality... he has finally lost all hope that Paul Schiemann and his fragile coalition will be able to lead the country to a new age. Cooperating with Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau, the Duke has released a decree ordering the incumbent Convent to resign and allow the Four Knighthoods to form a new administration.\n\nFaced with the Duke's insistence, von Samson-Himmelstjerna has finally resigned, and the Baltic Knighthoods have pushed through an aristocratic, conservative government headed by Freiherr Axel von Freytagh-Loringhoven. Finding approval from the conservative People's Party and moderate Reform Party in the Landtag, von Freytagh-Loringhoven has filled out his Land Administrator seats with conservative nobles. In a speech in the Landtag, he has sworn to revert the destructive liberal reforms of the Democratic Party and strengthen the Duchy by maintaining the current course.\n\nPaul Schiemann spoke in the Landtag last, where he stated that he accepts the change in government despite being utterly dismayed at the Duke's betrayal - and asserts that the flame of liberalism will eventually rise again, under a new generation.
The dream of a free Baltic will never perish...
The Liberal Dream Endures
Land Marshal Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg's gambit has not paid off. In a political battle which has taken months, Chairman Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna has formed an enduring coalition within the Landtag, formed out of allies and trusted confidants he has made through concessions and compromise, which has finally given him the necessary Political Capital to act. The Landtag assembled today to vote on no confidence in the incumbent Land Marshal, a vote which has narrowly passed, to the dismay of the conservatives and the reactionaries. However, lacking sufficient support in the parliament, and finding no help in the politically neutral Duke, they could only complain and mutter between themselves.\n\nIn his departing speech, Land Marshal von Ungern-Sternberg asserted that this political purge will not take off the restraints from Schiemann and his party - the Four Knighthoods, the Courts and the Duke will have to carry the torch of moderation and tradition from here on out. However, he did not try to fight the results, and he has been replaced with a loyal member of the DbDP, allowing normal government work to resume at last.
Three hurrahs for a free Baltic!
Negotiations Stall This Week
No progress has been made in political negotiations this week. Consensus between our government and the faction we've sought to align has not been reached, as neither side is willing to come to compromise - effectively, we have wasted a precious week of time seeking an agreement which is harder to reach than we've anticipated. Perhaps our peers in the Landtag have run out of things to offer, or perhaps they are holding an ace under their sleeves and are waiting for a more opportune moment...
We'll just try again!
Landowners Ask For Land Expropriation Help
In an agricultural land such as the Baltic Duchy, those who own land are also often those with a lot of political power. The lobby of Baltic German land barons, agribusinesses, and foreign firms is important within the Duchy's politics thanks to their wealth and economic influence - and while they may not be enthusiastic with our liberal reforms, their loyalty or at least indifference is crucial if we want to see them pass.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Landowner Lobby present a rather simple request to us. They need us to turn a blind eye to them buying out the lands of poor and destitute Latvian and Estonian farmers, increasing their wealth and pastures at the expense of the native population. This would seriously anger the non-German population, but buy us the support of landowner representatives in the Landtag.
Of course, a few displaced farmers is nothing wrong
We will not betray our principles!
Landowners Present Moderate Land Reform
In an agricultural land such as the Baltic Duchy, those who own land are also often those with a lot of political power. The lobby of Baltic German land barons, agribusinesses, and foreign firms is important within the Duchy's politics thanks to their wealth and economic influence - and while they may not be enthusiastic with our liberal reforms, their loyalty or at least indifference is crucial if we want to see them pass.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Landowner Lobby present a rather simple request to us. The programme of the Baltic German Democratic Party, among other things, asserts their belief in equitable land ownership. Seeing themselves as champions of pluralism and the lower class, they endorse moderate land reform to increase the share of land owned by personal farms, especially Latvian and Estonian ones. As this is a direct threat to their interests, the Lobby wishes us to quietly shove this promise under the rug, and promises considerable support in exchange.
Of course, that was just a promise...
No, land reform stays
Landowners Present Oil Drill Ban
In an agricultural land such as the Baltic Duchy, those who own land are also often those with a lot of political power. The lobby of Baltic German land barons, agribusinesses, and foreign firms is influential within the Duchy's politics thanks to their wealth and economic influence - and while they may not be enthusiastic with our liberal reforms, their loyalty or at least indifference is crucial if we want to see them pass.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Landowner Lobby present a rather simple request to us. Not long after the foundation of the Duchy, experimental exploitation of oil shale fields in Estonia began, and the shale mined turned out to be a potent substitute to natural gas. Supporters of autarkic, import-substitution development see oil shale as the future and the most profitable field of Baltic industry of tomorrow - however, the explored oil fields stand on the estates of Estonian land barons, who are unwilling to see their agricultural fields upturned for oil exploitation. Should we guarantee the rights of Estonian barons to their lands and prevent the expansion of oil shale mining there, the Landowner lobby promises us significant support.
Not a single oil pump will stand on your manor, Freiherr!
No, it's too lucrative to pass up
Businesses Ask To End Wage Law
The businesses, large or small, owned by Baltic Germans in cities such as Riga and Reval hold considerable influence, both economic and political. The lobby of middle and upper class Baltic German city-dwellers, who have nothing to show for noble blood and instead carve out a path to power through wealth, are an ally of the Democratic Party thanks to our mutual opposition to the Four Knighthoods. Despite that, however, their interest first and foremost is safeguarding the interest of business, which we have to pay attention to.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Business Lobby present a rather simple request to us. Our businesses and corporations employ a lot of lower class Latvian and Estonian city-dwellers, whom they keep in relaxed working conditions and pay them smaller wages than their German peers. This order, understandably, is hated by Baltic native interest parties, and the Democratic Party has sworn itself to put an end to these practices in their manifesto. However, should we turn a blind eye to the conditions in companies owned by the lobby, they promise us crucial financial support.
Nothing to see here, it's just business.
We will not betray our principles!
Businesses Ask For Financial Aid
The businesses, large or small, owned by Baltic Germans in cities such as Riga and Reval hold considerable influence, both economic and political. The lobby of middle and upper class Baltic German city-dwellers, who have nothing to show for noble blood and instead carve out a path to power through wealth, are an ally of the Democratic Party thanks to our mutual opposition to the Four Knighthoods. Despite that, however, their interest first and foremost is safeguarding the interest of business, which we have to pay attention to.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Business Lobby present a rather simple request to us. The Black Monday economic crisis has severely hit their firms, especially since the situation continues to decay with no action in sight. Lacking approval from the Landtag, the Convent of Land Administrators cannot provide the relief these businesses need - however, it may be possible to do so through dummy organisations and funnel some money into the pockets of businessmen. The Lobby would appreciate this bailout and promises significant support to our cause, even if such a move would be very financially costly.
Of course, your loyalty will be rewarded.
That's not relief, that's a bribe!
Businesses Ask To Bankrupt Latvian Company
The businesses, large or small, owned by Baltic Germans in cities such as Riga and Reval hold considerable influence, both economic and political. The lobby of middle and upper class Baltic German city-dwellers, who have nothing to show for noble blood and instead carve out a path to power through wealth, are an ally of the Democratic Party thanks to our mutual opposition to the Four Knighthoods. Despite that, however, their interest first and foremost is safeguarding the interest of business, which we have to pay attention to.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Business Lobby present a rather simple request to us. During the past two decades, the Latvian and Estonian classes in cities such as Riga and Reval have been taking up on their own economic activity. Small and middling businesses are started by the locals every year, presenting a challenge to Baltic German economic domination. One of these is Vairogs, founded by the Latvian businessman Pauls Barons, a car and truck producer in Riga for civilian and military needs. The Business Lobby requests the green light to choke this competitor out of the market and drive it to bankruptcy, and promises significant financial and political support in exchange.
Nothing wrong with that, throw them to the wolves.
Hold on, this company might be useful...
Coalition Asks To Unseat Conservatives
After the appointment of von Samson-Himmelstjerna as the new Chairman of the Convent of Land Administrators, Paul Schiemann dutifully forged a mighty liberal - social democratic coalition composed of the Democratic Party, Progressive Party and the Democratic Bloc. Black Monday and the political battles which followed it have shaken the stability of this coalition, however. The idealistic hopes of the Liberal Lobby need to be appeased as well, if we want to gather the necessary majority in the Landtag.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Liberal Lobby present a rather simple request to us. While the Landtag in Riga may have a plurality of seats held by liberal representatives, this is not the case in provincial Landtags and Landratskollegiums, which are, more often than not, controlled by conservative nobility. Any plan to reform the Duchy will require the coalition to go through these conservatives - and the Liberal Lobby wants us to remove some of the most prolific conservative Land Administrators in the Duchy's Cantons, even if it will leave the conservatives distrusting of us.
Already on it, my friends.
That might be too risky...
Coalition Endorses Samson-Himmelstjerna
After the appointment of von Samson-Himmelstjerna as the new Chairman of the Convent of Land Administrators, Paul Schiemann dutifully forged a mighty liberal - social democratic coalition composed of the Democratic Party, Progressive Party and the Democratic Bloc. Black Monday and the political battles which followed it have shaken the stability of this coalition, however. The idealistic hopes of the Liberal Lobby need to be appeased as well, if we want to gather the necessary majority in the Landtag.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Liberal Lobby inform us that there is no need for appeasement. They are all in the same boat, after all, and even if some of them may disagree with the government's policy, they would much rather endorse von Samson-Himmelstjerna than von Ungern-Sternberg. Our representatives leave the meeting with good news and more political capital assured.
Your loyalty will be rewarded, friends.
Coalition Demands Chair Denounce Knights
After the appointment of von Samson-Himmelstjerna as the new Chairman of the Convent of Land Administrators, Paul Schiemann dutifully forged a mighty liberal - social democratic coalition composed of the Democratic Party, Progressive Party and the Democratic Bloc. Black Monday and the political battles which followed it have shaken the stability of this coalition, however. The idealistic hopes of the Liberal Lobby need to be appeased as well, if we want to gather the necessary majority in the Landtag.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Liberal Lobby present a rather simple request to us. Dualism and the political battles which have followed are a difficult period, there is no mistake about it - but to the liberals, the greatest fear is that the need for compromise will lead to their progressive ideals being diluted. What they request is assurances that the government will not sell themselves out to the reactionary Knighthoods, and continue to tread a progressive path.
We were never planning to do that anyway.
Hold that thought, we might find allies among the Knights.
Knighthood Seeks to Blackmail Democratic Bloc
The Baltic Knighthoods are corporations of the Baltic nobility, divided between the four historical provinces of Baltic German lands. Counting seven hundred years of tradition and deeply concerned with maintaining these traditions, they are the most paramount force of conservatism in the Duchy, and only the Christian extremist and pan-Germanic Baltic Brotherhood may be considered more reactionary. Despite this, however, the Knights and Knight-Captains of the Four Knighthoods are pragmatic people, willing to consider a compromise even with the liberals they are deeply disgusted of.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Baltic Knighthoods present a rather simple request to us. Throughout the last decade, the resurgent Democratic Bloc has slowly been making gains in provincial elections, controlling several parish assemblies and even sending more than a handful of representatives to the Cantonal Landtags. This rise of Latvian and Estonian nationalism is deeply concerning to the nobility, but they have a solution. Thanks to their extensive webs of contracts, they will be able to dig up dirt on Latvian and Estonian representatives, and all we need to do is 'dutifully' force them to resign. In exchange for this stab to the back of the Bloc, the Knighthoods promise support in the Landtag.
Well, if it means cleaning our corruption...
We will not betray our allies!
Knighthood Demands The Chair Protect Knights
The Baltic Knighthoods are corporations of the Baltic nobility, divided between the four historical provinces of Baltic German lands. Counting seven hundred years of tradition and deeply concerned with maintaining these traditions, they are the most paramount force of conservatism in the Duchy, and only the Christian extremist and pan-Germanic Baltic Brotherhood may be considered more reactionary. Despite this, however, the Knights and Knight-Captains of the Four Knighthoods are pragmatic people, willing to consider a compromise even with the liberals they are deeply disgusted of.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Baltic Knighthoods present a rather simple request to us. It is no secret that one of the goals of the Democratic Party is to promulgate a constitution for the Duchy in order to transform it into a modern pluralistic federation, and the Knighthoods have opposed this project since its inception, declaring it a violation of the traditions they are supposed to protect. However, they might consider turning their eyes to the other side, should we safeguard the existence of the Baltic Knighthoods in our constitutional project, instead of attempting to abolish them.
Nothing wrong in leaving you be
We will not abandon our principles!
Knighthood Ask To Preserve Separate Schools
The Baltic Knighthoods are corporations of the Baltic nobility, divided between the four historical provinces of Baltic German lands. Counting seven hundred years of tradition and deeply concerned with maintaining these traditions, they are the most paramount force of conservatism in the Duchy, and only the Christian extremist and pan-Germanic Baltic Brotherhood may be considered more reactionary. Despite this, however, the Knights and Knight-Captains of the Four Knighthoods are pragmatic people, willing to consider a compromise even with the liberals they are deeply disgusted of.\n\nIn a smoke-filled room, representatives from the Baltic Knighthoods present a rather simple request to us. For centuries, the Baltic Knighthoods have operated their own education, in the form of Knight Academies, most notably the ones in Riga and Reval, which teach young cadets of the Knighthoods in preparation to be inducted in statesmanship. These academies are not regulated by the government and operate their own curriculums, and one of the promises of the Democratic Party is to integrate them into the Duchy's education system. The Knighthoods wish that we shove this promise under the rug and enshrine the right of the nobility to autonomous education hereforth.
Of course, it was just a promise...
Not a chance.
Livland in Flames
One of the most defining features of the United Baltic Duchy since its beginning was its relationship with the overwhelming Latvian and Estonian majority. In 1918, the Baltic Germans sought to present the Duchy as an all-Baltic entity and even coopted several Latvians and Estonians into Pilar von Pilchau's Regency Council, this illusion rapidly collapsed during the following Latvian and Estonian Wars of Independence. Though suppressed by the Baltische Landeswehr, the Latvians and Estonians did not give up hope of achieving independence - their organisations in exile in Sweden, Russia and the Internationale continued to push for freedom, even through violent struggle.\n\nThe paralysis of the central government has finally given the Balts impetus to act. Livland has suffered the brunt of the developing rebellion, the Land Administrators there report that they cannot control the countryside, as the law enforcement agencies have been overrun by ad hoc partisan organisations and underground resistance groups. They have been joined by defectors from the Landeswehr and armed exiles crossing the Russian border, who have bolstered the ranks of the partisans with weapons, ammunition and expertise. Supported by many local farmers, they are known as the Forest Brothers, carrying a Robin Hood-like aura around their actions.\n\nThe government must act immediately, before this rebellion becomes uncontrollable...
One of the most defining features of the United Baltic Duchy since its beginning was its relationship with the overwhelming Latvian and Estonian majority. In 1918, the Baltic Germans sought to present the Duchy as an all-Baltic entity and even coopted several Latvians and Estonians into Pilar von Pilchau's Regency Council, this illusion rapidly collapsed during the following Latvian and Estonian Wars of Independence. Though suppressed by the Baltische Landeswehr, the Latvians and Estonians did not give up hope of achieving independence - their organisations in exile in Sweden, Russia and the Internationale continued to push for freedom, even through violent struggle.\n\nThe decaying stability of our country has finally given the Balts impetus to act. Livland has suffered the brunt of the developing rebellion, the Land Administrators there report that they cannot control the countryside, as the law enforcement agencies have been overrun by ad hoc partisan organisations and underground resistance groups. They have been joined by defectors from the Landeswehr and armed exiles crossing the Russian border, who have bolstered the ranks of the partisans with weapons, ammunition and expertise. Supported by many local farmers, they are known as the Forest Brothers, carrying a Robin Hood-like aura around their actions.\n\nThe government must act immediately, before this rebellion becomes uncontrollable...
God help us...
Expansion of the Vidzeme Base Government
The past one and a half months have been marked by constant guerrilla warfare across the Livland Region. The Baltische Landeswehr has been completely unable to maintain order in the east, however. The support of the people is not on their side, and with each Latvian or Estonian rebel caught and executed, five more leave their homesteads to join the fight in the forests. And now, many in the Curonian and Estonian regions have joined the fight as well.\n\nThroughout this time, the Latvian and Estonian partisans have been organising. The Latvian underground resistance movement and its network of secret cells organises under the command of General Jānis Kurelis and the Association of the Latvian National Guard, whereas the Estonian equivalent is the Armed Fighting Union, headed by Paul-August Lilleleht, but nominally loyal to the Estonian government-in-exile in Stockholm, led by Artur Sirk. These two Forest Brother governments, cooperating with each other, occupy several parishes in eastern Livland and run them with practically no opposition, gaining the informal name of 'Vidzeme Base Government'.\n\nA vast guerrilla conflict is upon us.
Mobilise everything we have!
Decay of Order
The situation in the Duchy has become completely untenable. Mass desertions of Latvian and Estonian soldiers from the Landeswehr have reduced our defence forces to a minimum, and no matter how trained and well equipped our troops are, they simply have not been able to stave off the guerrilla onslaught. Our forces have been routed, dispersed and their men have either fled or surrendered. The provincial Landtags have dissolved and their deputies from the Democratic Bloc, collaborating with the Forest Brothers have begun to organise Provincial Land Councils, much like they had done in 1917. These Land Councils have effectively wrested control from the Baltic German administration and claim sovereignty over their respective regions.\n\nThe Provincial Council of Vidzeme, gathered in Valmiera, has declared the independence of the Republic of Latvia and elected a provisional government to head the liberated provinces for the time being. Their equivalent in Reval, on the other hand, has announced the restoration of Estonia, claiming that its act of independence in 1918 never ceased to be valid, and invited the government-in-exile in Stockholm back home.\n\nThe last holdout of Baltic German birthright stands in Riga. Helmuth Stegman, the longtime chairman of the Riga City Council, established a relatively democratic and pluralistic government in his city with reforms throughout the 1930s, and his efforts have yielded fruit - Riga stands as an island of stability, largely free of Forest Brother uprisings. This stability has allowed the German Empire to send a battalion to the city and help establish order against likely Latvian incursions. Thousands of Baltic Germans flee to Riga, which now claims continuity to the corpse of the United Baltic Duchy...
The Eastern Vanguard of Germanic culture will last in Riga!
Tēvzemei un brīvībai! Latvia is ours!
Mu kallis isamaa! Estonia is free again!
The Curonian Lobby
While the four main lobbies in the Baltic Landtag may be the largest, they are not the only ones, and share space with numerous smaller others, which campaign for their own interests, sometimes vast, sometimes minute. One of such lobbies controls a small, yet noticeable fraction of the Curonian delegation to the Landtag.\n\nCuronia has historically been a special case among Baltic German territories, its history is unique and one of a somewhat independent duchy ruled by the House of Biron when the rest of the Baltics were ruled by foreign powers. Before the United Baltic Duchy was even founded, the Curonian Landtag declared the independence of Courland-Semigallia in personal union with Germany, and though this ephemeral state never established itself, the ducal title of Courland-Semigallia remains enshrined in the historical heritage of Courland.\n\nThis Curonian Lobby campaigns for increased Curonian autonomy and respect for Courland's historical tradition, and now, they turn to us. We can grant the House of Biron a state pension and promise respect for Courland's right to autonomy, in exchange for their support in the Landtag.
Yeah, sure, Curonia is unique and all...
Pass.
Mārtiņš Peniķis
A lone representative in the Landtag from Courland, Mārtiņš Peniķis, is a lobby of his own - this elderly, retired former commander in the Imperial Russian Army is the most prominent of the so-called Curonian Kings. They are the descendants of the Curonian nobility which ruled this region before the arrival of the Baltic Germans, they bear their own coats of arms and consider themselves noble, despite living no better than peasants and being very few in number. Throughout history, the Curonian Knighthood recognised them as a class above the ordinary Latvian peasantry, and yet, their rights and powers were eventually eroded by time.\n\nPeniķis, representing the 600 or so remaining Curonian Kings, requests for the noble status of his people to be recognised, and in exchange, he pledges to support the Baltic-German Democratic Party in the Landtag.
... uh, sure.
Who are you?
A Question of Inheritance
The Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, Adolf Friedrich zu Mecklenburg, is nearing seventy years of age. Though he remains as sharp as ever and his physically fit condition means that he is likely to live for at least one more decade, the question of who shall succeed him is starting to ring across the halls. Adolf Friedrich only has one child - a daughter, Princess Woizlawa Feodora, who has recently married into the House of Reuss. A lack of male heirs means that the succession is murky, as no laws establishing female royal succession have been passed.\n\nThe Duke and many of his courtiers eye towards Duke Christian Ludwig zu Mecklenburg, Adolf Friedrich's nephew and the second son of Frederick Francis IV, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. A cadet in the Imperial German army, he carries enough charm with his persona to be seen as a fine Duke in the making - and he's expressed interest to take the throne of the Baltics should he be needed. Alternatively, Duke Adolf Friedrich can just ignore Salic law and request the promulgation of a law allowing female succession in the United Baltic Duchy.
Duke Christian Ludwig is the heir!
Allow Woizlawa Feodora to inherit the throne
Isolation
The last months have been a rather eye opening experience to Adolf Friedrich and his daughter. To imagine that there was such a sprawling secret society underneath the rooftops and streets of Riga, tucked away from the public eye in homes and mansions, yet so complex, ritualistic, and so all-controlling, would have never crossed his mind. He had heard of the Baltic Brotherhood before, but could have never imagined it to be this much of a cancer upon the Duchy.\n\nAt least it was a cancer which could afford him a rather well off life as a prisoner. The Duke never starved nor died of thirst, and even received visitors from the Brotherhood sometimes. And yet...\n\n\
The National Revival has no compromise.
A Protocol of 1919
The newspaper Riga am Sonntag has republished a document from 1919, the so-called 'Protocol of 1919', to the uproar of many of its readers. The Protocol of 1919 is an anti-semitic text supposedly found in the pocket of a dead Bolshevik soldier during the Russian Civil War. It is a barely coherent fabricated 'report' which gloats over reducing the Russian people to slaves, declares that the revolutions in Russia and France were instigated by a so-called 'International Israelite League', and that it should be used to buy up gold and government bonds across the world in order to build power and influence. Published during the Estonian War of Independence, it has since been picked up by anti-semites and even added as an addendum to later releases of the 'Protocols of the Elders of Zion'.\n\nThe Baltic Brotherhood has released a statement endorsing this decision by the Riga am Sonntag, however, using this as a chance to denounce so-called 'international Jewish conspiracies' and approve the publication of more anti-Semitic material in the following months.
The newspaper Riga am Sonntag has republished a document from 1919, the so-called 'Protocol of 1919', to the uproar of many of its readers. The Protocol of 1919 is an anti-semitic text supposedly found in the pocket of a dead Bolshevik soldier during the Russian Civil War. It is a barely coherent fabricated 'report' which gloats over reducing the Russian people to slaves, declares that the revolutions in Russia and France were instigated by a so-called 'International Israelite League', and that it should be used to buy up gold and government bonds across the world in order to build power and influence. Published during the Estonian War of Independence, it has since been picked up by anti-semites and even added as an addendum to later releases of the 'Protocols of the Elders of Zion'.\n\nThe government has immediately stood against this decision by the Riga am Sonntag, however, demanding the issue to be taken down for propagandising fabricated conspiracies seeking to incite ethnic strife. Paul Schiemann's Rigasche Rundschau responded to the publication as well, analysing the Protocol in detail and shedding light upon the nonsensical claims stated there.
I see...
Passing of the Führer
Graf Rüdiger von der Goltz, the Regent of the Baltic State for the last ten years, has passed away at the age of 80 today. The entire nation is in mourning - the elderly and noble general, having seized control of the nation with the help of the Baltische Landeswehr and the Baltic Brotherhood, saved it from the clutches of collapse and has helped lead it to a new era. For these achievements, he has even received the honorary title Führer, \
The National Revival is complete.
Flight of the Baltic Germans
Under pressure from Latvian and Estonian insurgents, the United Baltic Duchy has capitulated and the Baltic region has fallen to chaos. While many of the Baltic Germans make their way to Riga, others have chosen to head straight to Germany. Many of them are fearing for their lives and have little belongings with them, and these refugees have flooded our ports in the Baltic Sea.\n\nAmong them are numerous soldiers and officers of the Baltische Landeswehr, including several generals, who now offer their services to the Imperial German Army. There is no doubting their loyalty to the German Empire nor their skill in military matters - the Landeswehr was known as one of the most elite forces in the Reichspakt for a good reason.
Welcome!
We do not need their help.
Flight of the Baltic Germans
Baltic Germans living across our soil are fleeing our regime en masse. Fearing for their lives or for their property, nobles, businessmen, intellectuals, and even the common German peoples are fleeing to the City of Riga and the German Empire, where they hope to escape our clutches and find a better life. Though they take their skills and education with them, we can only wave them on and let their cramped ships pass.
We don't need them here.
Societal Transformation Begins
Now that the last of the regime's armed opponents hang in droves, the Baltic Brotherhood, controlling the new government from the shadows, is able to implement their transformative policies in their entirety. Their goals rest on several pillars, all leading towards the same purpose - the complete subjugation of the Baltic German nation to a greater, revolutionary ideal, and the complete mobilisation of the economy in the name of a grand crusade towards the East. Throughout the following years, all vestiges of capitalism - which the Brotherhood does not hide their hate towards, calling it 'Anglo-Saxonic soul theft' - will have to be destroyed and a hierarchic, orderly, state-controlled system built in its place. The average citizens will have to be groomed and reshaped to become model Christians, they once again need to be imbued with the Teutonic spirit which courses through their veins.\n\nThe Baltische Landeswehr, which helped the Brotherhood come into power, has no issue with these transformative reforms - after all, their interests will be satiated, and quite a few of them actually sympathise with this extreme, nigh-esoteric nationalism... Many will die in this corpse-strewn way towards National Revival. Many others will suffer. But that is a sacrifice which Otto von Kursell was willing to make.
Let the music play!
Victory!
The Forest Brother threat in the Baltic region has been completely quenched. Having lost their last holdouts, their forces scattered and some of their main leaders killed in the crossfire, the partisans have either moved into low-scale underground resistance or stood down entirely - which, either way, makes the movement no longer threatening to our stability. Latvian and Estonian exiles who crossed the Russian border to join the resistance now desperately flee right back, claiming that they will continue clinging onto their foolish cause no matter what, but their voice no longer matters. The Duchy is safe.
And may it last a thousand years!
Schiemann vs Pussull
A debate has broken out in the halls of the Landtag - the elderly leader of the Democratic Party has been challenged by Woldemar Pussull, leading member of the right-wing Volkspartei. Pussull ascribes himself to the ideological thought of Baron Wilhelm von Fircks, a famous titan of Baltic German politics who was Schiemann's main adversary until his passing in 1933. The debate soon turned towards the fundamentals of Baltic German politics and the ideological goals of both parties.\n\nBoth Pussull and Schiemann agree that the Baltic Germans are a positive presence in the Baltic States and are more worthy of ruling it than the Latvians and Estonians. However, Pussull claims that this is proof of their special position in society, one which should be inherent and should remain in the future. Schiemann disagrees, however, stating that while the Baltic Germans inherit the liberal foundations of Germanic culture, there is nothing which prevents Latvians and Estonians from becoming similarly enlightened through education, merit, and the absorption of Baltic German culture. To him, Baltic Germans carry a burden of passing their civilisation on to the Latvian and Estonian peoples. Pussull calls Schiemann out as a hypocrite, however - if the way for Latvians and Estonians to become civilised is through becoming closer to Baltic Germans, then does that not make pure Baltic Germans special?\n\nIt falls to the Landtag members watching the debate to draw their conclusions - and the majority decide that...
Schiemann's arguments are stronger.
Pussull makes a good point.
The Forest Brothers are losing steam
A year has passed since the beginning of the Forest Brothers rebellion and the goals of the Latvian and Estonian rebels have not yet been achieved. Though fighting continues on, they have bled a lot of their strength and lost many of their strongest fighters. The attrition is starting to take a toll on their fighting capacity and partisan raids are becoming less frequent.\n\nIt seems that we have endured the first wave, and should we press on, we may be able to outlast these rebels.
Do not rest until the Duchy is secure!
Otto von Kursell Consolidates the Brotherhood
The Baltic Brotherhood had been shaken by inter-brother ideological struggles for the longest part of 1935, but with the onset of a new year, this conflict has seemingly come to an end. Information about the true inner workings of this secretive, Christian fundamentalist and pan-German nationalist order are few and far between, but throughout the year, the so-called 'outer ring' of the Brotherhood, which maintains some contact with the outside world, has seen many members relieved for \
This does not bode well...
What is the Baltic Brotherhood?
The Baltic Brotherhood
The harsh years of the post-Weltkrieg period left many youthful Baltic German nobles disillusioned. The United Baltic Duchy turned out to be a smouldering dumpster fire, its antiquated traditions completely unfit for the modern day and the particularism of their leaders turning pan-German unity into a distant dream. The world itself began to turn upside down - Bolshevism, Syndicalism and Latvian/Estonian nationalism all rose to shake their old way of life. Faced with all of this, many of them turned towards the Lutheran faith, their religious beliefs, joined by an unyielding anti-syndicalism and pan-Germanic nationalism, developed towards extremism. The Baltic Brotherhood was founded in 1928, by some of the most prominent members of the younger Baltic German generation, including Harald von Rautenfeld, Sylvester von Ropp, Georg and Hans von Manteuffel-Szoeges, and Otto von Kursell.\n\nThe Baltic Brotherhood was founded as a secret Christian fundamentalist and pan-German order, and remains such to this day. It is organised in Brotherly Rings, which operate in every major town of the Duchy and exist as a place for religious worship, common labour, and philosophical thought. The Brotherhood operates with a defined statute and a set of mandatory principles, including flawless trustworthiness, obedience to one's elder Brother, and chastity, among others. All members of the Brotherhood are divided into the Outer Ring, or Ring of Preparation and the Inner Ring. Advancing from the former to the latter is a considerable feat.\n\nThe Baltic Brotherhood is absolutely not a mass movement, but it maintains a great amount of influence within the government. Many of its members are high ranking members of the Knighthoods and representatives in the Landtag, of course, keeping their allegiance a secret. Among the Baltische Landeswehr, the Brotherhood's most ardent supporter is Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege, a member of its Inner Ring.
I see...
Paul Schiemann
Carl Christian Theodor Paul Schiemann was born in 1876 in Mitau in Courland, then part of the Russian Empire. While not a noble himself, he came from a wealthy middle class Baltic German family, and was thus able to obtain a fulfilling education in Germany as well as officer military service in the Imperial Russian Army. Even before the Weltkrieg, he gained the notoriety of a bleeding-heart liberal, engaged in constant polemics with conservative Baltic German society, even ending up briefly expelled from Riga by the Livonian Knighthood in 1917. Upon returning to his homeland a year later, he founded the DbDP alongside Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna to push for his vision of a liberal Baltic Federation.\n\nSchiemann is a committed liberal democrat, opposed to conservative nationalism and Syndicalism - the former for standing against everything liberalism fights for, and the latter for being an abnormal deformity of liberty, which denies individual personality in favour of uncultured mediocrity of the masses. His definition of liberalism is different from the West, however. Schiemann believes in abolition of privileges and the strength of individual merit, but not in universal political equality - to him, it is ridiculous to imagine a cleaning maid with the same political rights as a university professor. His political vision is corporatist and more akin to meritocracy than democracy - although, as he concludes, liberal democracy is a good method of finding 'the best men'. To him, it is the cultural mission of the Baltic Germans to teach these liberal ideas to the Latvian and Estonian masses.\n\nSchiemann's other major contribution is the concept of an anational state. Borrowing heavily from Austromarxism, Schiemann interprets ethnicity as a 'spiritual community', much like religion, and posits that nationalism must be separated from the state in the same way religion is - instead, all ethnic groups within a country must exist as voluntary communities defending the interests of their members. This anational statehood forms the basis of his Baltic Federation project.
I see...
The Caucus of Reaction: Sternberg and Pilchau
Two members of some of the most powerful families of the Baltic nobility, holding different positions and telling different backstories, stand united to defeat Schiemann and restore what they believe to be the righteous path of tradition.\n\nBorn in 1880, Baron Rolf Edvard Clemens von Ungern-Sternberg, a native of the city of Reval, hails from a branch of the famous noble house of von Ungern-Sternberg. Educated as a road construction engineer, he became a diplomat for the Imperial Russian diplomatic service, and spent twenty years of his life travelling across the planet as an envoy for two monarchies, first Russian and the Baltic - these travels saw him walk the streets of Constantinople, Paris, Lisbon and even Nagasaki, where he spent almost half a decade of his life. After visiting his distant cousin in Mongolia, a turn of events which the House of Ungern-Sternberg still finds hard to come to terms with, Rolf returned to his homeland, those two decades leaving him a changed man. The Baron has the stature and wit of an erudite, knows several languages and spends his free time writing poetry - but all of his experiences in the world only strengthened his belief that the traditions of the Baltic German peoples are exemplary and must be defended against liberal encroachment.\n\nBorn in 1885, Baron Adolf Constantin Theodor Pilar von Pilchau is the son of Adolf Pilar von Pilchau, the founding father of the Baltic Duchy, its first and longest lasting head of government. It is a fact which von Pilchau always mentions, it is the fact which propelled him to a political career in the Livonian Knighthood, and it is the fact which has built him into an arrogant, self-assured snob. Out of all the leaders of the Four Knighthoods, he is least afraid to use his power, assured that it cannot backfire against him and that the cause he fights for is right. Having supported his father's decision to banish Paul Schiemann in 1917, Pilchau sports a rivalry with him to this day.
I see...
An Armistice of National Unity?
News of the Forest Brothers uprising in Livland caught the Landtag of the United Baltic Duchy completely unprepared, and its lack of action may be considered to be one of the reasons why this uprising broke out in the first place. The divided Landtag is being pressured by outside forces to act - the Landeswehr demands national unity in the face of crisis, and the Duke has stepped out ordering his government to seek a rapprochement with the right-wing opposition.\n\nThe leader of the Livonian Knighthood, Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau, made his move first, reaching out to Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna directly and offering a deal he could not refuse. For the following two months, the Landtag will work together to pass laws necessary to restore order in the Duchy, and in exchange, both sides will forgo building up coalitions and alliances to take the other down for that time. Paul Schiemann demands his peers to seek no compromise, however - according to him, Pilchau and Sternberg will take advantage of the peace to scheme behind their backs and try to take down the government. And perhaps there is a reason to fear this, as Pilchau is definitely not the type of person to put country over party...\n\nOn the other hand, refusing the armistice and continuing the political brawl in the midst of a guerrilla war will not bode well for our nation's stability, nor will forces outside of the Landtag approve. Will von Samson-Himmelstjerna violate Schiemann's orders or will he put party above country?
The Forest Brothers are the greater threat.
Pilchau and Sternberg are the greater threat.
Armistice of National Unity Concludes
After two months, the armistice of national unity has concluded and the battle in the Landtag returns to normal. Our worst fears have turned out true - while we were focused on suppressing the Forest Brothers movement, Land Marshal von Ungern-Sternberg and Knight-Captain Pilar von Pilchau have been working hard to undo everything we've worked for! The alliances we once made have been rendered null and void, our support among the Landtag's lobbies dips to a new low point. We will need to find new support should we wish to rebuild.
Damn it!
The Goltz Conspiracy
The Baltische Landeswehr had been betting on an armistice of national unity ever since the beginning of the Forest Brothers conflict, but with the conflict escalating while the political battle in the Landtag continues, they have had to move onto alternate considerations. Unique between all countries in Europe, the Baltic Landeswehr is completely independent from the civilian government aside for a largely powerless Military Commission in the Land Administration - in fact, this arrangement was born out of a necessity, for the military could not afford to wait for orders from an incompetent, ancient government system. In this critical moment, this independence meant that the Landeswehr has turned into an enemy, not an ally, of the administration in Riga.\n\nThis anti-civilian authority fever has reached the supreme commander of the Landeswehr, Rüdiger von der Goltz, as well, and a salvation soon approached him in the form of the Baltic Brotherhood. Otto von Kursell's clandestine religious nationalist order spectated the events in the Landtag from the shadows and came to the same conclusion as the arch-conservative commander - that this decadent and self-destructive conflict needs to go. The Landtag, the Knighthoods, and the Duke who turns a blind eye to the chaos, all need to go - and to this end, von der Goltz and von Kursell have reached a secret agreement which will come into effect in the following days.
I see...
Who is General von der Goltz?
Manteuffel's Coup
The nitty gritty organisation of the Landeswehr-Brotherhood coup d'etat fell onto the shoulders of Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege, a respected commander in the Landeswehr and a loyal member of the Brotherhood's inner circle. Rumours were spread of a Latvian militant uprising in Riga which the Landeswehr acted upon and sent designated units into the city - these units promptly disarmed the local garrison, seized control of all communications and surrounded the Landtag. One hundred and fifty members of the legislature and all members of the Convent of Land Administrators were left besieged, learning through secret channels that offices of the Four Baltic Knighthoods are being raided, martial law is being enacted across the country, and local civilian authorities are surrendering to military pressure. The whereabouts of Duke Adolf Friedrich are unknown.\n\nA few hours later, General von Manteuffel-Szoege presented his demands to the besieged Landtag - the dissolution of the legislature and the Convent of Land Administrators, to be replaced by a 'faithful and respected government', headed by Rüdiger von der Goltz as emergency Regent and Otto von Kursell as the new Chairman of the Convent. Fearing further repercussions, the majority of the Landtag voted to surrender, despite the resistance by members of the Riga Democratic Bloc, who have since been arrested for disturbing public order.
For God and Vaterland!
The Redoubt Question
Two approaches to the redoubt question have formed within the Baltische Landeswehr.\n\nOne faction believes that the approach to a potential breakthrough in the Ostwall should be simple - the Duna River and the urban landscape of the city of Riga offer a defence which can be made impenetrable with enough fortifications. This would also keep the Baltic holdout in touch with the rest of the front and thus leave them open to reinforcements from the south.\n\nAnother faction has a different view of a possible Russian-Reichspakt War. Because of our fortifications on the eastern border, it is likely that the Russians will avoid a direct assault against them and instead strike southwards, through White Ruthenia and Lithuania, which these officers see as the weakest link. In such a situation, the Duchy will be isolated from the rest of the Reichspakt, and thus should hole up in cities such as Riga and Reval, where they can receive German support through the sea and hold up the Russians while the Empire's forces do battle in the south.\n\nWhich approach has more merit?
We must delay our enemies in the cities
We must retreat behind the Duna
Rüdiger von der Goltz
The Graf von der Goltz is the most powerful a non-Baltic German has ever managed to become in the United Baltic Duchy, arguably even greater than Duke Adolf Friedrich himself. A descendant of a honoured Prussian noble family with a history of military officers, von der Goltz had a long and bountiful career in the Imperial German Army even before the Weltkrieg, during which he was a division commander respected on the Western and Eastern Fronts alike. In 1918, he became the General Staff's primary asset in relations with its Eastern regions - early that year, he was sent to Finland as a representative of the German forces and promptly took control of the state as a dictator. When that became untenable, he was reassigned to the Baltic duchy, where he laid down the foundations for the Baltische Landeswehr. The army of the Duchy owes everything to von der Goltz, and he knows that.\n\nAn aristocrat by blood and personality, the Graf has little patience for democracy and the squabbling liberals in the Landtag. While many of his fellow German veterans who helped found the Baltische Landeswehr ultimately returned to Germany, von der Goltz stayed, knowing that not only will the Duchy require his services yet again, but that he will be able to take advantage of the situation and finally rise beyond a mere chief of staff of the Landeswehr. And it appears his wishes have finally been fulfilled.
I see...
The Constitutional Convention
One of the key promises raised by Paul Schiemann and the Baltic German Democratic Party is the draft and proliferation of a modern constitution for the United Baltic Duchy, one which shall sweep away the antiquated structure of the country for good. After years of hard labour and piecemeal reforms, it appears the rest of the nation has been convinced to follow suit.\n\nThree hundred delegates have gathered in the House of the Livonian Knighthood in Riga to form the Constitutional Convention of the United Baltic Duchy. Each Canton delegated twenty representatives, ten were delegated by the burghers of the city of Riga, one hundred have been elected by all male citizens of the Duchy by partisan lists, and seventy have been delegated by pressure groups such as the Four Baltic Knighthoods, land-owning nobility and ethnic minorities. Duke Adolf Friedrich and his family have chosen to personally attend the Convention, and Schiemann invited numerous legal experts from Germany to act as advisors to the delegates.\n\nA new chapter in Baltic history is about to unfold.
One of the key promises raised by the Riga City Council and its republican government is the draft and proliferation of a modern constitution for the Baltic Federation, one which shall sweep away the antiquated structure of the country for good. After years of hard labour and piecemeal reforms, it appears the rest of the nation has been convinced to follow suit.\n\nThree hundred delegates have gathered in the former House of the Livonian Knighthood in Riga to form the Constitutional Convention of the Baltic Federation. All three hundred of the representatives have been elected by all male citizens of the Duchy by partisan lists, with no distinction between former nobles and commoners. The former Duke, Adolf Friedrich and his family have chosen to personally attend the Convention, and [Root.GetLeader] invited numerous legal experts from Germany to act as advisors to the delegates.\n\nA new chapter in Baltic history is about to unfold.
Let us begin!
The Preamble
Before any articles of a constitution are listed, the Preamble stands, and it is the most important part of any Constitution. It does not define any concrete laws or regulations, but instead sets the goals of the Constitution and for what purpose it has been drafted. In essence, it sets the tone for the rest of the document, one which no article can violate.\n\nThere are several prevailing notions on what the theme of the preamble, and thus the rest of the Constitution, should be, down to the specific wording of each sentence.
'The Duke of the Baltic Peoples bestows the following Constitution...'
'The People of the Baltic Provinces proclaim the following Constitution...'
'The People of the Baltic Federation proclaim the following document...'
Distribution of Power
The semi-constitutional procedure of the United Baltic Duchy up to this point established it as a federal system, divided into several Cantons, or Kreise, which have their own legislatures and enjoy considerable powers in economic, social and judicial policy. Though ensuring the stability of the country and allowing greater local self-management to the Duchy, it also slows down governance to a crawl.\n\nThe Constitutional Convention is a better time than any to define the nature of the government's relations with its constituent provinces. What should the distribution of power in the country be, should a balance be maintained or should one of the two sides receive the upper hand?
The Cantons should return their powers to the central government.
There needs to be a balance between central and local power.
The central government should surrender powers to local management.
Ethno-Linguistic Policy
The United Baltic Duchy is a country inhabited by Baltic Germans as well as Latvians and Estonians, and up until this point, the former held privileges and powers which the latter was unable to enjoy. Questions such as the linguistic policy of the state, the rights enshrined in the Constitution and how universal they should be are being raised in the halls of the Convention. Paul Schiemann was quick to bring up his concept of an 'anational state', which does not discriminate by ethnicity and treats nationality as something beyond the affairs of the state. What should the Constitution say about the country's ethnic and linguistic policy, if anything?
The country is founded upon German culture, first and foremost.
All inhabitants share the same fundamental rights and duties.
Implement Schiemann's anational state.
Linguistic policy is solely a Cantonal matter.
The Landtag
Much like before the adoption of the Constitution, the Landtag is enshrined as the legislature of the country, which is responsible solely to the people and upholds the legislative duties in the country. The question arises, however, on what form this legislature should take. Should the Landtag be unicameral or bicameral, and if so, which of its houses should be elected or appointed by which method? Paul Schiemann once again offers his advice, and his proposal is to avoid the pitfalls of Western democracies and instead form a fully meritocratic legislature, appointed from universities and the civic society based on education, experience and merit. What form should the Landtag take?
A bicameral legislature, an elected lower house and aristocratic upper house.
A bicameral legislature, an elected lower house and upper house appointed by the Duke.
A bicameral legislature, both houses elected directly.
A unicameral legislature composed of provincial appointees.
A bicameral legislature, an elected lower house and meritocratic upper house.
A unicameral legislature appointed by merit and experience.
A unicameral, universally elected legislature.
Lines of Accountability
The Constitution of the Baltic Federation shall abolish the office of Convent of Land Administrators and replace this antiquated entity with the positions of Chancellor, who heads a cabinet of ministers, and the President, who is elected by the Landtag as a head of state, and both of them serve as the executive of the country. The question, however, arises on the lines of accountability - that is, what should the relationship between the Chancellor, the Landtag and the President be according to the Constitution? The question of chancellor appointment is the most pressing one, and while it may appear trivial to worry over the specifics of who appoints who and who gives assent, they may and will end up critical down the line. The wording may grant greater power to one institution over the next, after all.
The Constitution of the United Baltic Duchy shall abolish the office of Convent of Land Administrators and replace this antiquated entity with the position of Chancellor, who heads a cabinet of ministers and serves as the executive of the country. The question, however, arises on the lines of accountability - that is, what should the relationship between the Chancellor, the Landtag and the Duke be according to the Constitution? The question of chancellor appointment is the most pressing one, and while it may appear trivial to worry over the specifics of who appoints who and who gives assent, they may and will end up critical down the line. The wording may grant greater power to one institution over the next, after all.
The Duke appoints a Chancellor with the advice of the Landtag.
The President appoints a Chancellor with the advice of the Landtag.
The Landtag presents a Chancellor candidate which the Duke approves.
The Landtag presents a Chancellor candidate which the President approves.
The Landtag elects a Chancellor on their own accord.
The Nobility
The United Baltic Duchy was a state founded upon the backs of the Baltic German nobility, and they are understandably concerned about the role which they will hold in our new state. The Baltic German Democratic Party are vehement in their opposition to any and all noble privileges remaining, and the liberal consensus agrees that the Baltic Knighthoods should have no role in government. The Knighthoods remain powerful in our country and the nobles certainly wish to keep their positions...
The United Baltic Duchy is a state which was founded upon the backs of the Baltic German nobility, and they are understandably concerned about the role which they will hold in our new state. Paul Schiemann and the Baltic German Democratic Party are vehement in their opposition to any and all noble privileges remaining, and the liberal consensus agrees that the Baltic Knighthoods should have no role in government. The Knighthoods remain powerful in our country and the nobles certainly wish to keep their positions...
Noble titles and the Knighthoods should be abolished.
Noble titles and the Knighthoods should be enshrined in the Constitution.
Emergency Powers
There comes a time when the safety of a country is threatened and a democracy faces issues either from within or outside its borders. There can come times of war, internal strife, civil conflict, or natural disaster, which will make ordinary democratic procedure untenable in managing the state. In situations like these, the government can call a state of emergency and suspend some of the liberties in its constitution in order to protect its citizens. Should these emergency powers be wide reaching to ensure safety, however, or handicapped as much as possible in order to prevent a dictatorship?
The government should have the right to suspend liberty in the name of safety.
To sacrifice liberty in the name of safety would make us worthy of neither.
Constitutional Entrenchment
It should be expected of a Constitution to receive changes down the line, when the societal norms change, the people create a better alternative to the system, or simply want to iron out mistakes which the original legislators missed. To give future generations a free hand at changing the Constitution runs the risk of it being amended into something unrecognisable, or, worse, a dictatorship. Should some of the articles be made fundamental, and thus unchangeable by any amendment procedure? How free should the procedure of constitutional amendment be?
Amendment procedure must be handicapped and fundamental articles unchangeable.
The Landtag should be able to change the constitution freely.
The Constitution is promulgated!
After over two months of deliberation, edits, and voting, the Constitution of the Baltic Federation has henceforth been promulgated! The original document of the Constitution was signed by all of representatives president in the Constitutional Convention, and copies were published in order to be distributed to all Cantons, the University of Riga, and, of course, the German Empire.\n\nAppearing before the Landtag despite his sickly condition, Paul Schiemann chose to read the Preamble before the legislators, citing the cause and purpose of the Constitution and the universal rights it seeks to enshrine, and departed from the podium with thunderous applause. For now, democracy is victorious.
Three Hurrahs for the Baltic Federation!
The Wavering Dream
The influx of refugees from Latvia and Estonia has put a severe strain upon the municipal government of Riga - and it already wasn't doing well before, what with Black Monday and an unruly Latvian population to deal with. These refugees were Baltic Germans, at least those who could afford to flee - nobles, politicians, administrators, wealthy entrepreneurs, soldiers and officers...\n\nBut a chance to escape to Riga's relative calm did not do much to relieve them. What's the point? It was a sentence which echoed often through the streets and halls of the city. They have lost their only, God-granted chance for a Baltic German state, a country they could call their own - and they lost it because of their own foolishness, infighting and stubbornness. Why couldn't they prevent this loss? Why couldn't they simply work together when the situation called for it?\n\nAnd what happens now?\n\nPerhaps the answer is that they carried the errors of the past with them like weights, and failed to remove them when the time was due. When they should have extended a hand to the Latvians and Estonians, the Baltic Germans left them in the mud, and so suffered the consequences. The Baltic German Democratic Party has always been strong in Riga, and with Paul Schiemann's full retirement, the burden of maintaining his liberal dream falls to the shoulders of Wilhelm Munter.\n\nPerhaps the answer is that they were weak, divided, and failed to unite at a moment when the life of the Duchy was on the line. Concentrated in the Pan-German League, Baltic German nationalists, revanchist nobles, and their allies among the German intervention forces plot to make sure this mistake does not get repeated again. The diplomat Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter has returned from Germany to serve as the movement's leader.\n\nOf course, the incumbent Mayor, Helmuth Stegman, has a vision to call his own - if he can successfully manoeuvre through the coming months. Whether Riga sees him stay in charge or a new leader assume the role, they will have a difficult task ahead of them - to find a reason for Riga to exist.
In treuen fest?..
Disorder in the Reval Ritterschule
A small scandal has broken out in the Reval Ritterschule, an education institution dedicated to tutoring the children of the Baltic nobility. The school managers chose to hire a substitute teacher to fill out vacancies in their increasingly ageing administration, but soon came to regret their mistake. Said teacher, Alfred Rosenberg, a Baltic German native of Reval, was hired to teach history in this prestigious institution, but as it turned out, his curriculum was an incomprehensible mess about Aryan racial theories, vehement anti-semitism, and rants about 'degenerate' modern art.\n\nThe most egregious offence, however, was the fact that Herr Rosenberg fabricated proof of his noble status, which is mandatory for all teachers in the school. This was cause for him to be expelled and fined 250 Baltic marks. For Herr Rosenberg, this was an amount of money difficult to pay - a teacher with several years of experience in various gymnasiums, he never really got into a position where he could earn that much money - but he eventually scrounged up the fine, and promptly decided to emigrate to Germany.\n\nThe story has earned a little bit of notoriety in Baltic press, mostly as an interesting example of relations between the Baltic Knighthoods and the Baltic German commoners.
I see.
German Intervention in the Baltic conflict
Immediately after the beginning of Black Monday, the fragile byzantine government of the United Baltic Duchy descended into political infighting and its government froze because of its antiquated system. The situation in the state decayed to a point where a mass underground Latvian and Estonian rebellion broke out to overthrow it. This was not cause for concern at first, as the belief was that professional, veteran forces of the Baltische Landeswehr will be able to suppress resistance. Once this belief turned out to be foolishly optimistic, our forces have chosen to take matters to their own hands.\n\nA detachment of marines supported by the Baltic Sea Fleet and a Heer infantry brigade have landed in Riga, cleared the city of Latvian resistance fighters and secured a perimeter around the city. Expansion further from the Riga base turned out to be impossible without additional reinforcement, as local Baltic forces have essentially disintegrated, thus the German army command in Riga agreed to instead prop up the city municipal government, led by Helmuth Stegman, as a continuation state of the former Duchy.\n\nThis has salvaged our influence in the Baltic region, but also requires us to define our foreign policy regarding the new states of Latvia and Estonia.
I see.
Our Allies to the East
After internal turmoil throughout 1936, our puppet state to the east, the United Baltic Duchy, fell under the control of a military junta controlled by the Baltic Brotherhood, an association of radical Christian and nationalist nobility who sought to transform their state from the ground up. It is openly Pan-Germanic, and whether we approve of their policies or not, they claim that everything they have done is geared towards loyalty to us and our supposed role as the saviour of Europe from 'eastern barbarism' - a totalitarian, nationalist, militaristic dictatorship now controls Riga and Reval.\n\nThe ideology of the Brotherhood claims that the true nature of Germany, its national body, cannot manifest itself in the Kaiserreich, shackled by hundreds of old and new divisions alike, therefore the Baltic must set the example for Germany's national rebirth and sacrifice itself, its name and identity, in the name of a new Germany. In practice, it means that the Baltics are trying to appeal to our radical and nationalist political groups by setting themselves as a success story of national populism in Germany - and this example has allowed them to grow.
I see.
Decaying Public Finances
The freeze of governance at the very top has begun to affect public services at the very bottom. Issue is starting to arise with the orderly distribution of public finances - schools, hospitals, postal offices and other institutions see greater and greater delays in funding. The raging economic crisis is only making matters worse. The rank and file members of the Democratic Party are calling us to not forget the average person and dial down the hostile political battle in the Landtag somewhat to prevent this crisis from breaking the nation apart. While we cannot pass anything through the Landtag, perhaps we can alleviate the situation by spending some of our time convincing the Cantons to pick up the slack?
The nation must pay the toll for freedom
The local Landtags will help the people
Baltic Military Mission to [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName]
The armed forces of the United Baltic Duchy, the Baltische Landeswehr, well known as the most elite forces in the Reichspakt, have chosen to send a mission to our country in order to improve its quality and organisation. This mission is led by General [?BAT.BAT_mission_general_@ROOT.GetName], an expert in infantry warfare who is now at our command.
The armed forces of the United Baltic Duchy, the Baltische Landeswehr, well known as the most elite forces in the Reichspakt, have chosen to send a mission to our country in order to improve its quality and organisation. This mission is led by General [?BAT.BAT_mission_general_@ROOT.GetName], an expert in armoured warfare who is now at our command.
The armed forces of the United Baltic Duchy, the Baltische Landeswehr, well known as the most elite forces in the Reichspakt, have chosen to send a mission to our country in order to improve its quality and organisation. This mission is led by General [?BAT.BAT_mission_general_@ROOT.GetName], an expert in cavalry warfare who is now at our command.
The armed forces of the United Baltic Duchy, the Baltische Landeswehr, well known as the most elite forces in the Reichspakt, have chosen to send a mission to our country in order to improve its quality and organisation. This mission is led by General [?BAT.BAT_mission_general_@ROOT.GetName], a veteran Baltic German general who is now at our command.
Welcome!
Baltic Mission in [ROOT.GetNonIdeologyName] Departs
The Baltische Landeswehr has chosen to recall its mission to our country. General [?BAT.BAT_mission_general_@ROOT.GetName] and his entourage have already packed their belongings and returned to Riga - thanking us for the warm welcome and wishing us luck in the future.
Until we meet again!
The German Putsch
Having grown overwhelmingly influential in Riga's chaotic political landscape, the German military garrison tasked to defend the Free City has finally chosen to take matters to their own hands. They have stormed the Riga City Council and overthrown the democratically elected government there, replacing it with their own puppet regime. Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter, a Baltic German intellectual and diplomat with significant ties to the German Empire from the Weltkrieg, has been chosen as the head of the puppet regime. It proclaims the need to rapidly build up Riga and prepare it to finally reclaim Germany's birthright in the Baltic states - and they no longer trust the local Baltic Germans to be able to achieve it.
Vorwärts!
Munter's Ascension
Helmuth Stegman's government has turned out to be incapable of managing Riga in a moment of crisis, and the past few months have eroded the last remnants of its popularity. The Riga City Council has called and succeeded in a vote of no confidence towards the Mayor and he's chosen to resign - in his place, the lobby of the former Baltic German Democratic Party has placed Wilhelm Munter, an accomplished member of the former Duchy's diplomat corps. Though a member of the Democratic Party, Munter has a different view of society than Paul Schiemann, shaped by the support from the Latvian population which the DbDP relies on in Riga. In his radio address to the city, he's made sure to note that defending and reforming Riga's democratic institutions will be his first task, and finding a way to make amends with the Latvian state his second.
Vorwärts!
Stegman Stays Strong
Though challenged from the left and from the right, Helmuth Stegman and his Baltic German Land Party have managed to play both sides and remain firmly in control of the city. German military influence has been curtailed and the left-wing Democrats reluctantly support his responsible government. Following Riga's declaration of sovereignty, Stegman took to the radio waves and informed the Riga public that he will continue to lead the surrounded city in the following years, no matter where history may lead them - whether it is to reclaim the Baltic states or to chart a course of independence.
Vorwärts!
Flood of Refugees
After the Forest Brothers uprising, thousands of civilians living in the Baltic Duchy fled their homes. Many of them, obviously, are Baltic Germans, pushed out of their homes by the Forest Brothers, but many others are Latvian and Estonian. They lost their homes during the partisan conflict, or they fear the radicalism of the freedom fighters, or they simply want to live in a better place. Now, these thousands of refugees are on our doorstep, and our meagre infrastructure is already struggling to look after them all. Should some of them be turned back or sent away, or should we tighten our belts and accept everyone regardless?
Baltic Germans have priority. Turn Latvians back.
Everyone is welcome!
Send as many to Germany as we can.
Fate of the Duke
One of the many refugees which made their way to Riga is the former royal family of the Duchy - Adolf Friedrich of Mecklenburg and his daughter Woizlawa Feodora. They have lost their palaces and their duchy, and have been forced to reside among the commoners. Though Riga prides itself as a democratic republican government and so does not consider any possibility of a royal restoration, many Baltic Germans still deeply respect their Duke. Should he be granted a state pension and a residence, or should any privileges he's ever had be erased and the former monarch forced to become a private citizen like everyone else?
Grant him a state pension.
Riga does not see bloodlines.
Committee of Former Landtag Members
After the collapse of the United Baltic Duchy, the power over all civilian administration in the Riga holdout fell to the Riga City Council and the Mayor - however, the Baltic Landtag did not vanish anywhere. The remaining members of the Landtag have assembled themselves to a Committee of Former Landtag Members, and though they recognise that they do not have any power, they've formally approached Mayor Helmuth Stegman with the offer to advise the City Council. Their presence would grant Riga additional legitimacy as a successor to the Duchy - although it would also mean that we tie ourselves to its former heritage instead of becoming our own entity. What should be our decision?
They do not deserve any power.
Allow them to advise the City Council.
Fate of the Knighthoods
The Livonian Knighthood collapsed alongside the rest of the United Baltic Duchy - but as its offices and documents were held in the House of the Livonian Knighthood in Riga, the remaining nobles have found no difficulty in re-establishing it. As they now reside in a democratic, republican Free City of Riga, however, they recognise that they will no longer have the institutional role they used to have. Still, Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau has approached the Riga City Council, requesting support from the government in re-establishing the Knighthood. Should his request be entertained, or should we forcefully dissolve the Knighthood to display our determination to do away with the past?
Allow them to be restored, just without power.
Riga. Does not. See bloodlines.
Departure of the Revolutionary Latvian Legion
At the end of the Great War, the Latvians, following their Russian comrades, rose up in revolution, creating the Iskolat Republic. It was, unfortunately, short-lived, destroyed by German arms, and though many Latvians served in the Bolshevik government, their comrades in Petrograd were defeated as well. Their exiles escaped to the West, where socialist leaning Latvian communities had already been firmly established and accepted them with open arms. The United Kingdom was one of these places, and when Britain collapsed into revolution as well, these Latvians enthusiastically supported it. The Latvian Social Democracy, once a sister party of the Bolsheviks, was reestablished and participated in elections to the Trade Union Congress - now, they are led by Jēkabs Peterss.\n\nPeterss, possibly the man who was the legendary Peter the Painter, leader of the Latvian anarchists in the Battle of Sidney Street in 1911, was a natural fit to lead the Latvian exiles in Britain - he was deeply integrated into British society and had contacts with its socialist movement, even his comrades in Russia remarked that he spoke with an Englishman's accent. During the intervening years, he assembled the Revolutionary Latvian Legion, a small regiment of trained Latvian exiles, ready to return home to instigate a revolution. Now, when the United Baltic Duchy is collapsing, he has found his chance.\n\nWith a brief, yet heartfelt goodbye, Peterss has offered his goodbye to his English wife, his friends, and made a last speech before the Trade Union Congress, where he assured the Union and the rest of the Third Internationale that he shall return a leader of the Second Iskolat Republic.
Good luck, comrades!
Die Baltenfahne
The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy has had significant impact upon Baltic German culture. A feeling of revanchism, reclamation, yet also dread for the future lingers in newly composed poems and published paintings. Displaced nobles long for their former homes, the average Baltic German believes that their world has gone upside down and will never become the same again, and yet, as long as they believe in each other and their goal, they should be able to power through this adversity. Nowhere else is this more exemplified than in the poem 'Die Baltenfahne' ('The Baltic Banner').\n\nWritten by Baron Manteuffel-Katzdangen, a Baltic German nobleman who fled to Riga with his family and belongings, it tells the story of the Baltic German retreat to the city, symbolising it with the theme of the 'Baltic Banner' - a representation of the role of the Baltic Germans as the defenders of Germany in the East, as their outpost which has since been forced out of their birthright. And yet, the poem is optimistic - it calls for those who remain to pick up the banner and return to the Ostland, where it belongs.\n\nThe poem has since been turned into a song - 'Die Grenzwacht hielt im Osten' ('the Border Guard of the East'), adopted by Riga's Baltic German community as a rallying march for their future return.
The Ostland is not yet lost!
The Revolutionary Latvian Legion
At the end of the Great War, the Latvians, following their Russian comrades, rose up in revolution, creating the Iskolat Republic. It was, unfortunately, short-lived, destroyed by German arms, and though many Latvians served in the Bolshevik government, their comrades in Petrograd were defeated as well. Their exiles escaped to the West, where socialist leaning Latvian communities had already been firmly established and accepted them with open arms. Ever since then, under the leadership of Jēkabs Peterss, they assembled the Revolutionary Latvian Legion, a small regiment of trained Latvian exiles, ready to return home to instigate a revolution.\n\nAnd now, thanks to German secret services, we have been informed that they are filtering into the Duchy, joining the Forest Brothers uprising, and bringing critically important equipment to the resistance. They are trained in forest warfare and are well prepared, and so pose a serious threat even if there's few of them. What should we do?
Search every incoming ship and train for these socialists!
We cannot afford the resources for such a campaign...
The First Presidential Election
Constitutional republicanism is a fresh concept in Baltic German lands, but enthusiasm for the first real election in the country is high. All the limitations, traditional systems and manipulation have been dealt away with, and a real, democratic election is about to take place. And the people of the Baltic Federation have several choices to pick from...
Wilhelm Munter will continue Schiemann's legacy!
Helmuth Stegman will steer the nation forward!
The war hero, Harry Lutz!
Cancel the election, keep the Constitution suspended.
Riga-Reval Rally
Automobile sports have fascinated the Baltic German nobility for a long time and races between the nobles in the Baltic provinces have been held even before the Weltkrieg - they could afford to purchase and build these vehicles, after all. The Duke, Adolf Friedrich, has been a patron of the sport for decades as well - back in 1898, he had been forbidden by Kaiser Wilhelm II from horseback racing because of his recklessness while riding a horse, thus he turned to driving cars instead. Now that the situation in the Baltics has stabilised, the Duke has provided patronage to a racing competition across the entire Duchy, dubbed the Riga-Reval Rally.\n\nThe Rally starts in Riga, the capital, and turns to the forested countryside of Livonia, then by the lakeside of Lake Peipus, and finally stops in Reval, the capital of the Estland Canton. Shockingly, the Duke managed to win the race he choose to give patronage to as well. Three decades of experience allowed him to overcome his competition, especially in the hills and forests of eastern Livonia, where he was able to repair his broken down car on the spot, while several of his competitors had to bow out.
Riga-Reval Rally? Would you call it... RRR?
November 5th
Today, on November 5th, 1918, the Vereinigte Landesrat (Joint Land Council) of Livland, Estland, Ösel and Riga, elected earlier that year, made the decision to proclaim the independence of the United Baltic Duchy from the collapsing Russian state and appoint a Regency Council, headed by the Land Marshal of the Livonian Knighthood, Adolf Pilar von Pilchau. Though the original document calls for the United Baltic Duchy to join with the German Empire in a personal union, a proposal which was ultimately never accomplished in full, this date is considered to be the day of independence of the United Baltic Duchy, and has been marked by celebrations across the entire country.
In treue fest!
February 24th
Today, on February 24th, 1918, the Maapaev, the legislative assembly of the Autonomous Governorate of Estonia, declared the independence of the Republic of Estonia. This declaration was made in the heat of the moment during Operation Faustschlag and thus made null by the advancing German armies - the Estonian provisional government chose to resist instead of surrender, however. During the German occupation, they assembled Omakaitse paramilitary forces in secret and staged a rebellion not long after November 5th, the declaration of independence of the United Baltic Duchy. This marked the beginning of the Estonian War of Independence.\n\nIt was a failed uprising, suppressed by the Baltische Landeswehr with the help of German arms - but it allowed the Estonian Provisional Government to escape to Sweden and continue their fight from exile. To this day, they claim to be the legitimate government of Estland and Northern Livland, and many Estonians see their claims as just. Every year, we seek to stamp out the celebrations of this Estonian 'day of independence', to little avail.
That day means nothing! Nothing!
Der Großtyrann und das Gericht
A new novel has been published today, by the accomplished author Werner Bergengruen, titled \
What...?
Abolition of the Old Testament
Ever since the integration of Friedrich von der Ropp and his revelationary followers into the Baltic Brotherhood, the ideological tenets of the organisation have dismissed the sanctity of the Old Testament. Though they are not the first to try to distance Christianity from Judaism with anti-semitic and racialist intent, the Brotherhood has gone the farthest. New Evangelics, written by von der Ropp, have been distributed across the country, heavily rewritten to reject almost the entirety of the Old Testament and its emphasis on the passive, rather than active, aspects of Jesus Christ - miraculous birth, suffering, betrayal by the Pharisees and otherworldly redemption. Instead, it stresses Jesus's actions as a preacher and fighter who sought to destroy institutional Judaism and bring forth salvation.\n\nThough officially the entirety of the nation has converted to the Brotherhood's interpretation of Christianity, the absolute majority of the population do not follow the guidelines set forth, and reject them either openly or secretly. Still, this sets the foundation for the esoteric, totalitarian transformation of Baltic German culture. Through faith, one can control the entire people.
Christianity saves us from the Jewish God!
Adolf Friedrich Goes On a Journey
Our Duke, Adolf Friedrich, has prepared to embark on a new journey across the world - becoming the ruler of the United Baltic Duchy has not abated him from his passion to explore the planet. Germany's dominance in the world has made his passion only more easier to pursue, after all. Where he shall head next is a private matter which he has not shared with [BAT.GetSecondInCommand] nor the rest of the government - but there are few places in the world he has yet to visit. Mittelafrika is a likely prospect, but he's expressed interest to visit all the nations in South America, the chaotic political landscape that is China, or even the distant Pacific islands. If he was not sixty years old, perhaps he'd try to reach the South Pole as well...\n\nWhile her father is absent, the day to day duties of the Duke will be fulfilled by Princess Woizlawa Feodora. As the United Baltic Duchy is a constitutional monarchy and the monarch's duties are not critical, the government can continue running - but the inexperience of the Princess means that governance will be slower for the time being.
Gute Reise!
Adolf Friedrich Returns
Our Duke, Adolf Friedrich, has returned from his journey across the world with a diary full of insight into the culture and daily life of distant African and American peoples. During these three months, he has crossed hundreds of miles and even gotten into a couple of accidents on the edge of life or death - but, in the end, he states that feeling the thrill and quenching the thirst of curiosity was worth it.\n\nThe Duke has already begun plotting his next journey - and states that he will follow through with it as long as no war gets in the way.
Welcome home!
The Freikorps
The news of the Forest Brothers rebellion have reached Germany, and thousands of Germans have taken this as a chance to rise up. Nationalist minded Weltkrieg veterans have begun to organise into armed paramilitary volunteer groups and make their way to the United Baltic Duchy — these battalions call themselves the Freikorps. The leaders of these units are colourful in their backgrounds and so are their followers, but many of them are veterans who never managed to fully integrate back into society after the Weltkrieg, ended up swept up by nationalist associations, and romanticise their time in the front.\n\nGeneral Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege, one of the commanders responsible for the suppression of the Forest Brothers, has been approached by the leader of one of the smaller Freikorps — a former officer in the Bavarian Army and a not so successful agronomist, Heinrich Himmler. Speaking for the volunteers, Himmler offered their support in suppressing the Latvians and Estonians. Though Manteuffel could barely stand the officer's erratic way of speaking and the way how he appealed to some weird sense of \
We cannot pick and choose, all help is welcome.
We don't need ruffians getting in the way!
Into the Fire
Deployed to the Baltic countryside, the Freikorps volunteers have spent their time leisurely patrolling the countryside and extorting the local villages, often with unnecessary brutality, drawing the ire of the local population while achieving very little in actually suppressing the partisans. Heinrich Himmler's unit in particular spent more time listening to the Bavarian officer's stories than actually going after Latvian resistance.\n\nThe response of the Forest Brothers was swift. Attacking from bases in the dense Livland forests, they would always catch the German volunteers unprepared and descend back into shadows immediately after their strike. More often than not, the Baltische Landeswehr would only be made aware of the battles after their far more prepared battalions came across the remains, and thus try to deduce what happened from the dead. As the Landeswehr reported, a complete lack of discipline, prevalent intoxication, and a lack of any measures against traps were the most common causes of these losses.\n\nIn one of the numerous unmarked graves now dotting Livland, Baltic German soldiers identified the corpse of officer Himmler. Like most of his peers, he arrived to the Baltics expecting a cakewalk against \
They've done more harm than good...
Death of Paul Schiemann
The founding father of the Baltic German Democratic Party and a titan of the region's politics for the past four decades, Paul Schiemann, has passed away, During the last decade of his life, he struggled with a severe case of tuberculosis, and yet remained active until the last months of his life, working with his party and publishing newspaper articles.\n\nHe received a modest funeral in Germany, attended only by his family and a small circle of friends. In the funeral, Ewald Ammende, Schiemann's protege and leading member of the DbDP, read out a speech to the rest of the attending suite, stating that Schiemann's ideals will live for centuries after his death.
The founding father of the Baltic German Democratic Party and a titan of the region's politics for the past four decades, Paul Schiemann, has passed away, During the last decade of his life, he struggled with a severe case of tuberculosis, and yet remained active until the last months of his life, working with his party and publishing newspaper articles.\n\nHis funeral, held in Riga, has been attended by thousands of people, including the entire Democratic Party and numerous representatives of the Four Baltic Knighthoods. In the funeral, Ewald Ammende, Schiemann's protege and leading member of the DbDP, read out a speech to the rest of the attending suite, stating that Schiemann's ideals will live for centuries after his death.
Memento mori.
Trapped in the Heart of Darkness
When the news reached camp, the Duke of the United Baltic Duchy and his small party of explorers were established deep in the jungles of German Congo. Far from civilisation, distanced from the nearest port by hundreds of kilometres of jungle and savanna, Adolf Friedrich was informed by a panicking messenger that his return will be far, far more difficult than anticipated. The continent has collapsed to war and bloodshed - the incompetent colonial government in Dar-es-Salaam has run Mittelafrika down to a point where all vestiges of the Governor's authority have vanished. Warlords and cliques, each one supported by armed bands of Askari, now roam across the vast continent, carving it up into fiefdoms and going to war against one another. And they are now trapped in this maelstrom.\n\nThe Duke's party is composed of two fellow explorers, three devotedly loyal Landeswehr officers, and a handful of Askari - a paultry force which will now have to escort a high profile passenger across hundreds of miles of battleground. This got the Duke to ready his rifle with more vigour than usual - it is time for the biggest, and hopefully not the last, adventure of his life.\n\nMeanwhile, the news of the collapse of Mittelafrika has sent the government of the United Baltic Duchy to a panic. Already, [BAT.GetSecondInCommand] is being advised to appoint a permanent regency, and perhaps, if the Duke does not show up anytime soon, to declare him officially dead and enthrone his successor. Duke Adolf Friedrich's daughter, Princess Woizlawa Feodora, expects him to return, however. According to her, this is nothing her veteran father cannot handle.
Let us hope she is right...
Escaping the Trap
The day after the news arrived, Duke Adolf Friedrich and his camp gathered in the monarch explorer's tent to figure out their next course of action. Any planning they could do, however, was extremely limited - their knowledge about the post-collapse makeup of Mittelafrika was nonexistent, they had no clue who was in charge in the nearest village, much less in the towns and cities of the gigantic colony. All that could be done is educated guesses and hopes that the warlords carving up Mittelafrika are not as bloodthirsty as they could be.\n\nFollowing the Duke's advice, and with the support of the Askari who knew the land, the expedition decided to continue with their planned course. From their current location, they should head to Boyoma, formerly known as Stanleyville - the Congo River is the best natural highway for them to escape through, and before the expedition began, the Duke had contracted a Belgian shipping company in the city to lend them a boat with which they would be able to make their way to Kinshasa.\n\nThe other day after setting off from camp, the Duke learned from group of African patrols that Boyoma, as well as the entire eastern half of Congo, are under the control of [KIV.GetLeader], the local strongman who runs [KIV.GetNameDef]. Perhaps he is amiable enough to help.
Vorwärts!
The Duke will reach Boyoma in 30 days.
In Boyoma
Having arrived to Boyoma, Duke Adolf Friedrich and his party find themselves beset by trouble.\n\nThroughout the past month, [KIV.GetNameDef] has gotten into a slew of warlord conflicts because of its strategic position in the country, and therefore the city is in disorder. Askari and conscripted locals are everywhere, taking young men pretty much from the streets in order to drag them into service, while the rest of the population are being levied tax after tax to fund these military ventures. At least, that is what a scout sent by the Duke informed about while the rest of the party took refuge in an abandoned farm at the outskirts of the city.\n\nEntering Boyoma like nothing's going on is not an option. While the Duke's Belgian contractor is still there, if a party of Askari and Baltic Germans are noticed in the streets, they will immediately be treated as hostiles - and if the warlord's men realise how important of a person their leader is, he will almost certainly be kidnapped for ransom. With this intelligence now in their grasp, the Duke and his men gather outside the hut that's been their shelter, discussing their possible plan ahead.
Infiltrate the town at night, take the ship, and run.
Contact our friend in Boyoma in secret, have him pick us up.
Leave the city be and travel by foot, find another ship.
Night Skirmish
Activity in Boyoma does not die down at night completely, but the amount of soldiers on the streets is less to the point where making one's way through the town is actually viable. Hoping to not catch anyone's attention, the Duke and his party hid their weapons and made their way through the streets quickly, not speaking a single word to one another until they finally reached the Belgian shipping entrepreneur's house - a man whom Adolf Friedrich had the pleasure of working with in past expeditions already, and who kept his head low as soon as the Mittelafrikan system collapsed.\n\nAs soon as the Belgian led his friend and party to the town docks, however, shouting broke out, rifles were cocked and soldiers went into position. Turns out the men of [KIV.GetNameDef] were getting ready to requisition the ship already, and so the steamboat was now crawling with the warlord's soldiers. The orders of Lieutenant Bernd von Freytagh-Loringhoven, the commander of the Duke's Landeswehr-Askari guard, came immediately - storm the ship, draw your weapons, and take out the enemy with as little sound as possible.\n\nEven if they only numbered a handful, that was more than enough to sweep the ship - professional and disciplined career soldiers stand head and shoulders above barely trained conscripts. The final kill came from the Duke's handgun, hitting the last African soldier in the neck and throwing the body overboard. As soon as the ship was cleared, the engine was fired up and the vessel took off from port. By the time the morning arrives, the Kivu will be furious, but their target will have long since vanished.
That was close, let's hope that's the end of that.
A Close Call
One of the Duke's Askari, dressed in a farmer's rags and keeping his distance from everyone in the city, made his way to the Boyoma docks, finding the man Adolf Friedrich instructed to find and explaining the situation. As it turns out, the two of them were old friends and cooperated in exploration missions before, so the old businessman, who had kept his head low as soon as the Mittelafrikan system collapsed, agreed to risk his career and help. The rest of the party made camp downstream from the city, and waited for a ship to pass by.\n\nNone seemed to come even as hours passed and the day was replaced by night. Meanwhile, the commander of the Duke's Landeswehr-Askari guard, Lieutenant Bernd von Freytagh-Loringhoven, informed that their position was already compromised - as it turns out, they have been noticed by a patrol of the clique's soldier not too long ago and forces in the city were already mobilising to engage them. The soldiers were ordered to take arms, pack all of their belongings and be ready for a skirmish while escaping the enemy forces - and then, the sound of a whistle reached them. A ship was approaching, the same one which the Duke had handpicked for his expedition months ago, and it was finally coming to he rescue.\n\nTurns out the businessman was held up by some soldiers trying to requisition the ship, but handily resolved the matter and was ready to lend it back to the Germans. The party quickly boarded the ship and departed - the Kivu will certainly be furious, but their target will have long since vanished.
That was close, let's hope that's the end of that.
In Boyoma Outskirts
Getting around the city, the Duke and his party travelled downsream the Congo River, watching out for any vessels they might possibly be able to board. And, sure enough, they eventually found their target. In the depths of the Congo, the river is one of the few means of transportation available, and [KIV.GetNameDef] put it to use - a ferry bringing several dozen conscripts from the northern villages passed by, making its way towards the capital of the clique. The number of men they'd have to deal with was intimidating at first, but the commander of the Duke's Landeswehr-Askari guard, Lieutenant Bernd von Freytagh-Loringhoven, bet on his chances.\n\nThe Lieutenant made the first shot, firing from the bushes and sniping the captain away, which immediately sent the ship into chaos. The few soldiers commanding the ship were not trained enough to deal with attacks from land while they're on the ship, so they made the fatal mistake of steering it closer to the coast in order to fire upon the attackers - which meant that, using makeshift rafts, the soldiers were able to board the ship and fight through the crew. Pretty much all of the fresh conscripts either surrendered or dove to the river immediately, while those fighting were easily eliminated by the Baltic German professionals. The final kill came from the Duke's handgun, hitting the last African soldier in the neck and throwing the body overboard.\n\nBy the time the morning arrives, the Kivu will be furious, but their target will have long since vanished.
A bit too much noise, but good enough.
The Duke will reach Mbandaka in 45 days.
A Fellow Traveller
As you stop for camp one evening, you notice that an old man in poor clothing has made camp at the same place. From his appearance and looks, it's easy to tell that he is not a native of the region - clearly an Arab, who ended up in the Congo for reasons unknown. The man offers to tell you a hadith he has if you can spare him some bread.
Listen to the old man.
It is just an old man...
You listen to the old man's hadith.
A Fellow Traveller
The old man quotes the Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless him and grant him peace, from Sunan Abu Dawood, \
In treuen fest!
Approaching Mbandaka
Formerly known as Coquilhatville, Mbandaka is a halfway point from Boyoma to the Atlantic Ocean — and it is the capital of [TKE.GetNameDef], led by [TKE.GetLeader], yet another Askari commander turned warlord. That is the information which Duke Adolf Friedrich and his party received as their vessel approached the city over the Congo River, which has once again forced them to start planning. In the living quarters of the ship, a map has been stretched, notebooks laid down where all the scraps of information about the Mittelafrika's collapse are marked, and their next move is being deliberated.\n\nMuch like in Boyoma, simply entering the city is out of question — the ship will be searched and taken hostage faster than they can say \
Bring the ship to the coast and carry it over land.
If we act inconspicuous, we can make it through...
The Long March
Lacking other options on how to keep a low profile, the Duke's party scuttled the ship and began dragging it over land, carrying it through jungle routes on the backs of the men - its largely wooden construction meant that it was light enough to carry by the party. Slowly, they made their way through the jungle, following maps of the region to avoid the city as well as any major roads, and so sneak under the nose of [TKE.GetNameDef]. At night and during rain, the ship would serve as their shelter, and whenever the road becomes clear again, they'd move out and continue.\n\nIt was not as simple as initially anticipated, however. During the long march, the party had to escape and fend off several bands of brigands who would spot them and immediately get ready to engage. Whether they were associated with the warlord and his forces, the Germans and Askari had no chance to figure out, as they simply could not afford to stop and ask questions. All of them would soon regret their choice, anyway - as soon as they'd approach the party to extort tribute, they would see the supposedly helpless travellers reveal their hidden weapons and turn their ship into cover - the Landeswehr has faced off against this routine enough times during the Forest Brothers rebellion. Usually, just showing their teeth would be enough to get the brigands to flee.\n\nAfter reaching a safe enough spot downstream from Mbandaka, the party once again pushed the boat into the river and boarded it, setting off to the next stop in their journey.
Onwards to Kinshasa!
A Near Discovery
In a few hours, the vessel was swiftly transformed into an inconspicuous civilian boat - a few Askari remained on the deck, all out of uniform and wearing casual rags, while the rest of the party, all of their belongings, and weapons were carried deep into the ship's compartments. Just as expected, as soon as the vessel crossed into the boundaries of the town, shouting from the coast ordered it to stop by the nearest pier. One of the Askari was instructed to explain their situation and craft a story about just being a group of farmers passing by on their boat, and a conversation in French ensued.\n\nThough the Askari insisted to just go without much questioning or searching, and managed to convince the clique's men that there is nothing of value to be found in his ship, a younger conscript among their ranks snuck in to the compartments under the deck on his own, without anyone's knowledge. As soon as he discovered the hiding European adventurers, Lieutenant von Freytagh-Loringhoven caught him and slit his throat before he could release a single yelp. Realising what was about to happen, the Askari immediately insisted to just pay the rest a bribe to let them go - which the soldiers were content with, and by the time they realised that one of their own was missing, the boat had already left the city.\n\nAs soon as the unfortunate victim's body got thrown overboard, the Duke and his men set off to the next stop in their journey.
Onwards to Kinshasa!
The Duke will reach Kinshasa in 20 days.
Troubles in the Kongo
Approaching Kinshasa, once known as Leopoldville, Duke Adolf Friedrich and his party were already starting to plan for their next move — however, an optimistic mood had set upon the men. After all, not only were they so close to the Atlantic, and so their freedom, but they were also entering the lands of King Pedro VII, the ruler of the formerly autonomous Kingdom of Kongo — and so a step up from the usual Askari warlord. Little did they know that there was not much better to write about this supposed \
What happens now?..
Captive
For the past week, Duke Adolf Friedrich has been held in a makeshift prison cell in Kinshasa, always watched over by a rotating guard of Askari soldiers loyal to the Kongo clique. The fact that the monarch was past sixty years old slipped by the minds of the African soldiers after they dumped him in the unsanitary cell, given scrap to eat once per day, while they were figuring out how to get the telephone line in Kinshasa working again so they can send a message to Europe and inform that they seek a ransom. Hey, at least that means if he survives for long enough, he might eventually get home...\n\nBut when day once again changed to night, the cell's Askari guard spoke over the door - and the language was Ewe, native to Togoland, which the Duke had taken his time to learn when he served as the colony's governor.\n\nThe Askari introduced himself as Martin Aku - a Togolese native born in the colony during the Duke's time as governor, who travelled to Germany after the war, studied medicine, and finally travelled to Mittelafrika before being forcefully recruited into the Kongolese clique's army as a field medic. Much like the Duke, he wants to return to Europe, and so he offered to break the monarch out of imprisonment and pick him up with them.\n\nThem. He's not alone, he has convinced several more Askari to defect and join his escape tonight.
\
The Escape
The plan went smoothly at first. When the clock struck midnight, Aku unlocked the cell and escorted Duke Adolf Friedrich into the streets, where he was joined with several of his conspirators — they have already drank the \
A fair offer...
The Escape
The Lieutenant and his men, German and African alike, had been imprisoned as well, but kept under horrid conditions - the Africans were soon forcefully recruited into the clique's army, whereas the Germans, kept around for their possible ransoms, eventually attempted a desperate escape. Fighting through their detainers, only the Lieutenant managed to escape, while the rest had to be left behind and almost certainly died - hunted for the entire week, he survived off whatever he could scavenge in the city while searching for a way to escape. And now, with the Duke in tow, von Freytagh-Loringhoven could finally put his plan into action.\n\nSneaking through the docks, the party suddenly assaulted a docked patrol boat, taking out and throwing out the sailors manning it, and immediately revved the engines. The rest of the mobilised forces quickly caught what was going on, and under the Lieutenant's orders, the entire party fled from the deck, cramping into a small compartment below to avoid gunfire coming off the coast. Three boats took off after theirs, but could no longer catch the escaping party - and, in case any one of them got too close, von Freytagh-Loringhoven always had his rifle ready. He never needed it, however, and the survivors could take a breath of relief. The worst was over.
Thank God...
An Unexpected Intruder
Ever since the German colonies in Africa broke apart, Portuguese patrols in their territorial waters in Angola grew more frequent, catching smugglers and escapades almost every week - but today, they've caught an unexpected intruder. It flew not the German flag, or some other frequently seen one like French, English or Belgian, but rather the banner of the United Baltic Duchy - sewn from rags and pieces of ripped fabric in advance, but still unmistakably the Baltic banner from a distance.\n\nThe Portuguese patrol ship hailed the incoming boat and stopped it, upon which the servicemen were introduced to a baffling story - the ship carried the Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, Adolf Friedrich, alongside a Baltic German officer and a small number of African escapades, who had been stuck in the African jungle for several months. Immediately, the passengers boarded the patrol ship and were brought back to Angola, where they would finally be able to make a telephone call back home and take the first ship to Europe.
We're saved!
What was he doing there in the first place?!
The Return of the Duke
The Duke returned to a large crowd in Riga, including all the ministers of government and [BAT.GetSecondInCommand] himself, who expressed the nation's collective worries during the past few months to the reckless Duke. By now, however, the Duchy was simply grateful that their monarch has returned and did so in one piece, despite all the hardship he's had to go through in the past few months. Lieutenant von Freytagh-Loringhoven immediately received a medal for his bravery during the expedition, as well as a scholarship for a full officer's education in Germany thanks to the personal recommendation of the Duke, who got to see the man's talent first hand.\n\nThe expedition has taken a toll on Duke Adolf Friedrich and so he's made the decision to stay in the Baltics from here on out - however, when asked by his daughter Princess Woizlawa Feodora on his thoughts about the entire experience, he replied with:\n\n\
At least he's home now...
The Red Graf
Alexander von Stenbock-Fermor has been a thorn in the side of the United Baltic Duchy for much of its existence. A Graf of the Swedish-origin House of Stenbock-Fermor, registered in the Estonian Knighthood, he volunteered to the Baltische Landeswehr in 1918 like his peers, but the conflict and brutality left him appalled. He moved to Germany instead, where he worked as a coal miner in the Rhineland, got to learn about the plight of the lower classes his family used to dismiss, and became a Syndicalist. Since then, he's moved to the Künstlerkolonie Berlin, publishing avant-garde literature, translating the works of his grand-uncle Pyotr Kropotkin, and writing treatises about the situation back in his homeland.\n\nIn response to the political instability in the United Baltic Duchy, the \
How is he still there?
The Red Graf's Resistance
News have arrived that a challenger to our hegemony in the Baltic state has thrown his glove to the ring. Alexander von Stenbock-Fermor, the so-called \
Bastard!
Famine!
Our breakneck militarisation has had unfortunate side effects. The Forest Brothers rebellion has dealt a severe blow to agriculture in the Baltic provinces, and the forced movement of thousands of people into industrial areas, coupled with harsh taxation to pay for new machinery, has sparked hunger, malnutrition and even outright famine in the countryside. The situation is growing worse with every report and requires immediate attention.\n\nThough shipments from Germany should alleviate the hunger eventually, relying upon them does not sit right with von Kursell and his government - if the Baltics are to become a model province for the National Revival, they cannot rely upon anyone. The Inner Circle of the Brotherhood has been gathered to deliberate upon the situation - a solution was found immediately. To ensure that everyone in the society gets their fair share, the government must take full control of the food supply in the Baltic state, to take from the people their agricultural surplus by force and distribute it to those who need it.\n\nThe issue comes on the means how this ideal will be implemented. The youthful recruits in the Initiation Circle cry that fault falls upon unequal distribution of wealth - the fat capitalist cats in the cities and the decrepit old landowners in the countryside need to have their estates seized, their wealth taken by force, and distributed to those suffering. The Inner Circle takes a more pragmatic view to the issue, however. To von Kursell, Manteuffel-Szoege and others, the Baltic Germans must take priority, and Latvians and Estonians, being the subservient, need to pay the price for German revival. Their programme would call for the forceful seizure of agricultural surplus in the countryside to distribute it to the cities and provinces with Baltic German population.\n\nWhatever policy they may choose, the Landeswehr stands ready to implement it on the ground.
The rich will pay their due!
The Germans take priority for a reason...
Transformation of the Land
Owing to their Baltic origin, and influence by the agrarian Blut und Boden movement in Germany, the Baltic Brotherhood places great importance upon the issue of agriculture — and with their takeover of the country, they are able to implement their designs upon the Baltic countryside. The brothers of the Inner Circle stand by a romanticised, aristocratic view of the land — a system of natural hierarchy, where the blue-blooded Baltic German class reigns and the lesser non-German classes serve. However, the aristocrat of the nationally revived Baltic State should have little in common with what the Brotherhood perceives to be \
For the National Revival!
The Dvinsk Autonomous Area
The Dvinsk Autonomy was established in 1935 by President Savinkov's decree as proof that his Russia would not only be for ethnic Russians, but for all peoples. Previously an autonomous gubernia, this upgrade into full autonomy was in practice propaganda trick, meant to prove the Latvians and Estonians on the other side of the border that 'Free Latvia in Free Russia' was true.\n\nThe Latgale region had seen flourishing of Latvian and Latgalian culture in the 1920s, but it had nonetheless became stronghold for SZRS, thanks to the Latvian Nationalist Union being Savinkov's and Gopper's early ally. The local Duma, called 'Latviešu Centrālā Padome', was the first legislative body in Russia to cooperate with SZRS already in 1928. Savinkov's old colleague, Frīdrihs Briedis was elected as the Commissar of Dvinsk early, and has since then became essentially a dictator of the autonomy. Small party-state within Russia, Briedis' regime shows the national zeal that will one day free all of Latvia!
To Russo-Latvian friendship!
The Fall of Germany
Ominous news have arrived to Riga - the German titan has fallen. Overwhelmed by enemy onslaught, its armies have finally surrendered, the Kaiser and his government have escaped overseas, and its lands have been occupied. An era in world history comes to an end, and nowhere else is this impact felt more deeply than in the Baltic states, which had relied upon its brothers in the Reich for so long.\n\nNow, with the Reichswehr fallen, the Baltic Germans are alone in the world, besieged by all sides, and only a miracle can possibly save them from destruction. Will the Kaiser and the survivors return to save them, will an unexpected third force enter the war and swing the tide in their favour? Even the most optimistic in the government and in the Baltische Landeswehr cannot shake off the fear of the future. Soldiers march to their posts with grim determination and public officials respond to questions with an ever so slight tinge of dread.\n\nAnd yet, while many at least considered the possibility of defection or surrender, just as many remain stalwart in their posts. After all, there is no point in being afraid of the inevitable.
This is our darkest hour.
We will resist to the bitter end!
Schiemann's Speech
Throughout the past few years, the Baltic German Democratic Party has assumed a dominant role in the country. Because of this, the party has ballooned in numbers - and while these new recruits are welcome, they also dilute Paul Schiemann's message. Many of them believe in Western style liberal democracy, whose equalised representation of every person stands against his ideal of meritocratic statehood. Now that the Constitutional Convention has begun, he has risen to the podium of the Party headquarters to make a speech and set the party on the right track.\n\nThere, he has spoken about the need for the education of mankind and Baltics specifically, and the simple fact of life that it falls upon the educated and the professional to lead. In no other situation would the voice of a professor and a cleaning maid be the same weight - and so they should not be the same weight in politics. For the good of the Baltics, a corporatist meritocratic system needs to be put in place in the Constitutional Convention, no matter what it takes.\n\nThe elderly politician has said his word, and now it falls to the audience to decide whether they shall follow him or declare a soft coup in the Democratic Party.
The audience cheers in favour!
This will limit our options in the Convention to ensure adherence to Schiemann's vision.
The audience does not approve! No more Schiemann!
Adiamünde Commune
Following the Rural Commune acts after the abolition of serfdom in the Baltic provinces, Latvian and Estonian peasantry began to organise into rural communes, the Landgemeinde, which were granted autonomy, democratic self-government and certain powers as well as privileges. Here, a generation of peasants have grown up in largely autonomous and democratic conditions, able to foster their native culture and participate in the process of government.\n\nSometimes, however, these rights can go too far. In the Adiamünde Parish, also known to Latvians as Skulte, the local Landgemeinde has elected Pēteris Briedis as its new elder. Briedis, an inhabitant of the parish who moved to Riga to work in its naval dockyards and joined its trade union movement, is a self-proclaimed Syndicalist, and was elected by the commune with a platform of implementing Syndicalism for the people. While the idea that Syndicalism could be implemented in a small collection of villages would frustrate a left-wing ideologue, this does not affect the locals one bit, who have avowed to build a classless society without exploitation in the heart of the United Baltic Duchy.\n\nThis \
This beating heart of Syndicalism will be destroyed!
The rights of the Landgemeinde must not be infringed
Composition of the new Landtag
Following the promulgation of the Constitution, new elections are being held to the Baltic Landtag across the provinces. Having successfully transformed the nation according to their liberal vision and promulgated a constitution, the DbDP is likely to win a majority of the vote and form a government all by themselves - however, their traditional competitors in the form of Progressive, Reform and State Parties have not died down just yet, and may force the party to cooperate with one of them in a coalition.
The DbDP acquires a majority!
The DbDP needs to work across the bench...
Another Enemy!
The area south of Dünaburg, the Ilūkste region is home to sizeable Polish minority that has been living there since times of the Commonwealth. Until Partitions of Poland, Dünaburg and its surroundings were an integral part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth: the Catholic Church had a strong influence here, which contributed to a significant Polonisation of the region, especially its elites.\n\nThe Polish gentry has traditionally been supportive towards Latvian independence. They helped to arm Latvian militias during the 1905 revolution against the Tsar, whom both saw as an enemy. Due to their position on the edge of the duchy and bordering area of Russian controlled Dünaburg, there has been rising activity in arms smuggling and support is being organised in aid of the Forest Brothers uprising we are fighting against.\n\nSome accounts suggest Polish minority places hope that independent Latvia will allow them the right to develop Polish social, cultural, religious and political life and safeguard Polish nobility estates.
This bickering of fools does not concern me.
Conservatives Topple Baltic Government
Breaking news from Riga: Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna has been forced out as the United Baltic Duchy's premier after a months-long conservative campaign to unseat him. His ouster is the climax of a protracted standoff that saw his government largely paralysed by the opposition. However, under the Duchy's political system, only the largely neutral Duke Adolf Friedrich can actually remove the government, leading to a protracted war of attrition between the two camps.\n\nAs of now, the conservative Knighthoods and Baltic German nobility have reasserted control over the Duchy. They are expected to abandon liberal reform plans — and pursue a harsher strategy against the Forest Brothers still fighting in the Baltic countryside.
Breaking news from Riga: Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna has been forced out as the United Baltic Duchy's premier after a months-long conservative campaign to unseat him. His ouster is the climax of a protracted standoff that saw his government largely paralysed by the opposition. However, under the Duchy's political system, only the largely neutral Duke Adolf Friedrich can actually remove the government, leading to a protracted war of attrition between the two camps.\n\nAs of now, the conservative Knighthoods and Baltic German nobility have reasserted control over the Duchy. With recent unrest seeming to pass, the Knighthoods have begun to eye the devolution of power to them as a means of rationalising the Duchy's government.
They have the right idea.
Tragic.
As long as they can meet their defence obligations.
And somehow, the Duchy finds a way to march further backwards.
The only possible outcome when dealing with Germans.
A truly curious place.
Riga Under Martial Law
Months after the outbreak of armed rebellion in the United Baltic Duchy, its civilian government has become a casualty: earlier today, units of the Baltische Landeswehr moved into Riga and forcibly dissolved the Landtag. The Landeswehr is believed to have viewed Duchy's liberal government as too focused on its ongoing row with the conservative opposition, the coup being an effort to direct resources against the Forest Brothers.\n\nWith Duke Adolf Friedrich conspicuously missing, the famed German general Rudiger von der Goltz has emerged as the face of an ultra-reactionary government. Rumours suggest that these developments have been driven by the Baltic Brotherhood, a secret society that desires a more radical transformation of the Duchy...
War is not a time for formalities.
...
Somehow, I don't feel that much safer...
A level of villainy that even we didn't think possible.
Who can look at the Baltic and still support Germany's empire?
A troubling development...
The Forest Brothers Uprising
The paralysis of the central government in Riga and the economic crash has  given Latvian and Estonian partisans in the United Baltic Duchy an opportunity to rebel against the Duchy. Livland has suffered the brunt of the developing rebellion, and the Land Administrators there report that they cannot control the countryside, as the law enforcement agencies have been overrun by ad hoc partisan organisations and underground resistance groups.\n\nSupported by local farmers and defectors from the Duchy's army, these so-called 'Forest Brothers' are wreaking havoc and seeking to completely overthrow German rule in the Baltics. Riga has requested we send a detachment of temporary military police force to the Duchy to help them in their fight against the Baltic separatists. Should the Duchy collapse, it would be disastrous for not only German pride and standing in Europe but also our defensive plans against Russia.
In national security matters, nothing is too costly.
Through our support, we shall §Gensure§! the Duchy survives.
Grant them limited support.
Our aid will be of use, but will §Onot§! guarantee the Duchy survives.
Surely the Duke can deal with a couple partisans.
The Marriage of Prince Karl von Biron
Today Prince Karl, the eldest surviving son of Duke Gustav, married Princess Herzeleide of Prussia, the only daughter of Prince Oscar and granddaughter of Wilhelm II. The wedding celebrations took place at the Garrison Church in Potsdam, and were attended by the entire Prussian royal family. Among other guests, Duke Adolf Frederick was also invited and wished the newlyweds all the best. Prince Karl and his wife decided to spend their honeymoon in Germany, travelling to various lovely places and visiting their numerous relatives.
Our congratulations once again to the newlyweds!
Death of Gustav von Biron
The first reigning Duke of Courland in nearly a century and a half has passed away at the age of 81. Having spent most of his life at his Silesian estate in Groß Wartenberg, with no chance or plans to return to the Duchy, he was only recently restored to his rightful throne by Freytagh-Loringhoven's government.\nGustav will be buried in Mitau Palace, the ancestral tomb of the Dukes of Courland. His eldest son Karl assumed his office as the second Duke of Courland and Semigallia in this century.
The Duke is dead, long live the Duke!
Collapse of the United Baltic Duchy
The United Baltic Duchy, a Baltic German substate of the German Empire, has finally disintegrated after several months of inner strife and partisan resistance by the Forest Brothers movement. Across the Duchy, any semblance of order has been lost and Baltic Germans flee their lands en masse.\n\nSome have ended up in Germany, whereas others have gathered in the free city of Riga, the last holdout of Baltic German rule. The conflict in the Baltics has been frozen and will surely renew in the future, but for now, Latvia and Estonia have asserted their independence.
We will never surrender!
Huzzah!
That's a batch of maps made obsolete...
Eliminate Unnecessary Honorifics
The Baltic nobility has always prided itself in numerous honorifics and medieval positions which they retain to this day. Hundreds of such honorifics exist, more than there are magnates able to hold them. Sweeping through this list will give the nation a sign that we will not back down from reform.
Constitutional Draft Committee
The Democratic Party has called for a modern constitution to the Duchy since its inception. It is time to act upon these promises and call a committee of intellectuals who will begin work on a new framework for the state.
Permanent Government Commissions
Instead of an antiquated fluctuating administration, we should establish permanent commissions in various fields of internal policy, as a temporary alternative to ministries before a new Constitution is adopted.
Reform the Landeswehr-Kommission
The independence of the Baltische Landeswehr is an anomaly, it was never intended to be so free. We need to curtail its membership and restore the operation of the Landeswehr-Kommission as a full fledged ministry of war, consolidating civilian control over the military.
Abolish the Landesprästande
Landesprästande, or Land Contributions, is a primitive form of land value tax collected in the Baltic Provinces for several centuries. This tax is no longer adequate in this day and era, it needs to be abolished and replaced by an universal income tax.
Alliances with the Rural Communes
Autonomous rural communes, the Landgemeinde, are the primary form of rural land organisation outside of manorial estates. We need to support these collectives, institutionalise them, and thus promote equity in the countryside.
Alliances with the Landlords
Modern, manorial estates employing hundreds of workers are the future, if we seek to increase agricultural efficiency. We must support the landowning barons and grant them concessions to promote production.
Land Grants to Returnees
Many of our brethren in Germany want to return, but cannot afford to come back because they have nothing to return to. By offering land to returning emigrants, we can ensure a steady trickle back home.
Form the Stackelberg-Kommission
Heinrich von Stackelberg is one of the most preeminent economists from the Duchy, well known for his research into economics theory and connections with the Freiburg School of liberal economists. To help us combat the Black Monday recession, he offers his services.
Implement Anti-Monopoly Laws
Stackelberg's policies revolve around maintaining free market principles while ensuring the free market is truly free and fair - most notably by establishing laws against monopolies and trusts in order to increase competitiveness.
Progressive Corporate Taxation
Under von Stackelberg's guidance, we shall establish a progressive system for corporate taxation to support small businesses and budding firms, grant us more taxation income to distribute to society, and control inflation.
Social Security Programmes
Our nation must give back to the people with wide reaching social programmes, instead of storing taxpayer money in safes and vaults. Injecting capital into the economy through social security will make it greatly more vibrant.
Independent Monetary Policy
To fully remove Black Monday's effects on our economy, we must start pursuing a monetary policy independent of Germany, and thus allow ourselves to manage the value of the Baltic mark according to our needs.
National Economic Assistance Commission
To ensure the Duchy's economic growth, we must form an instrument to serve as the connection between government and industry - a National Economic Assistance Commission.
Guest Worker Programmes
It is an unfortunate truth that many of our citizens who left for Germany will never return. However, they may be replaced. Even before the Weltkrieg, thousands of Lithuanian, Russian and Polish workers would migrate to Riga and Reval for well paying jobs - this practice, while unpopular, needs to be restored.
Combat Anti-Immigrant Sentiment
Through propaganda campaigns, we need to ensure that the average Baltic German does not feel threatened by an influx of immigrants from the Reichspakt, and that any fears over losing their jobs are dissuaded.
Relief to Returnees
By establishing generous handouts to returning emigrants and providing them the support of the state for finding homes or starting businesses, we can ensure a steady stream of returnees from German cities.
Public Works
The Ducal lands carry a lot of potential, but much of it lay unimproved and uninviting to businesses. Through public works, we can renovate roads, restore decaying factories, and create room for new industries to grow.
Industrialisation Priority
The way forward in the modern day is a self-sufficient, vibrant industrial economy. Let us go forth and ensure that our children are the first generation beyond the plough.
Keggum Hydroelectric Plant
The Keggum Hydroelectric Plant, the first hydroelectric plant on the Dunau River, has long since been envisioned as the beating heart of an industrial Baltic society - and we are finally ready to make it operational.
Export Agriculture
Industrialisation needs to be funded somehow. Let us promote the production of cash crops in the countryside and provide support to farmers in order to boost agricultural production and give us an export advantage.
Construct Micro Hydro-Plants
Baltic territories hold many rivers fitting for micro-hydropower, enough to potentially make us self-sufficient with electricity. While we'd have to go a long way before accomplishing that, investment into hydropower will yield great dividends to the economy.
Estonian Shale Oil Prospects
The presence of shale oil, a low grade alternative to oil and gas, in Estonian soil has been known since the 19th century. Only now, however, have we begun to comprehend just how much potential lays in the Estonian plains. Let us go forth and turn Estonia into a second Romania!
Walter Zapp's S.E.F.
The S.E.F., or State Electronics Factory, is one of the largest industrial complexes in Riga, employing inventors such as Walter Zapp to produce complex electronic machinery, equipment and other hardware. Providing subsidies to this business and seeing it grow will only be beneficial to the state.
National Infrastructure Commission
The infrastructure of [ROOT.GetNameDef] remains in poor condition. Roads and railroads need to be renovated, new airfields and ports established, to connect our lands with the rest of Europe and provide the foundation for an industrial economy.
Paul Barons' Vairogs
Owned by Paul Barons, Vairogs is an automobile production company producing cars, trucks and heavy equipment under civilian and military licences alike. Subsidising this business will grant our army a critical production partner.
Modern Education Programmes
A state in the twentieth century must employ education programmes befitting of its century - old, antiquated education practices must be abolished and a new system built on incentivising merit and achievement, not aristocratic birth.
Efficient Industrial Management
We must encourage businesses across our country to implement the most state of the art time-saving and resource-efficient technologies and processes, increasing efficiency to unprecedented heights.
Abolish Ritter-Schulen
Ritter-Schulen, or Knightly Academies, are private schools operated by the Baltic Knighthoods for the scions of their nobility - they are a haven for reactionary thought and education there falls far below our standards. This antiquated, medieval practice must be put to an end and these schools nationalised.
Provide Funding to Friedrich Zander
Friedrich Zander is a Baltic inventor and rocket researcher who fled Moscow at the end of the Russian Civil War to settle back in his homeland and continue his work here. While his dream of 'Onwards, to Mars!' is beyond our reach, perhaps there is value to be found in his research into rockets and cruise missiles...
Establish Beisitzer-Aufsichtsrat
Right now, all Cantons in the Duchy are led by a Church Office Chief with two assessors, a secular and a spiritual one, who form the collective head authority of the Canton. We need to abolish this antiquated system and establish a Beisitzer-Aufsichtsrat in each Canton - a supervisory board of professional assessors appointed by the Church Office Chief.
Enforce Meritocratic Appointment
No more should the highest bureaucratic offices be distributed by familial ties or noble status. Everyone, as long as they have the skills to do their job, should have a chance to rule the country.
Impose Representative Legislatures
The popular assemblies in Parishes and Cantons are direct democracies - all noble citizens are required to attend, and pay a fine if they fail to show up. This system no longer works in the 20th century - Parishes and Cantons shall have elections for representatives imposed on each and one of them.
Parliamentary Control
The Landtag should control the military and the executive government, not the other way around. Grant it the power to appoint and recall chiefs of staff and Chairmans of the Convent, as it should have received a long time ago.
Judicial Appointment Commission
The Duchy's byzantine judicial system needs to be reformed and new judicial appointments made not with the whim of the Landtag, but by an independent commission of justices and law experts who would pick out impartial and professional judges.
Call Constitutional Convention
It is about time that the Baltic Duchy finally acquired a permanent Constitution and joined the ranks of modern, constitutional monarchies. Call a Constitutional Convention to finally decide this matter, once and for all!
Mobilise the Landeswehr
The Baltic state is in danger! Lettish and Estonian radicals, guided by the spectres of liberalism and socialism from abroad, have risen up against us! The Landeswehr must be mobilised to the last man to reestablish stability across the country.
Dissolve the Landtag
The Baltic Duchy prides itself in its complex, traditional, historically famous system of democratic self-rule and decentralised management. All of it is no longer needed. These burdens such as law and constitutional principle stand lesser to a disciplined society and absolute rule from the top.
A Permanent Regency
Our Duke, Adolf Friedrich I, vanished during the chaos of the Manteuffel Coup, and while we are distraught by his disappearance, we can only put this to good use. The Duke was too passive and liberal for our taste, Graf von der Goltz will rule as regent in his stead - and he will be far less soft.
Wir Glauben, Wir Kämpfen, Wir Siegen
We believe, we fight, we conquer. The new Baltic sacrificed for a new Germany. These are the mottos of the Baltic Brotherhood, and they shall serve as our guide in our transformation of the Baltic State.
An Army with a State
The goal of the renewed Baltic state is to subjugate itself, in its entirety, to an Eastern crusade. Its economy and society must rid itself of Mammonic capitalism and dedicate everything it can to the Landeswehr. Everything within the state. Nothing outside the state. Nothing against the state.
National Population Registry
Our country is facing an emigration problem, and the solution to it is simple - prevent anyone from leaving. Create a registry of all of our citizens, constantly keep it up to date and collect information on their personal lives, grant benefits to those who stay and find ways to return those who leave. Their labour is needed here, not elsewhere.
Baltische Arbeitsfront
Riga, Reval and Libau all have strong labour unions which fight for the interests of their workers and have no desire to cooperate with us. In our drive to transform the state, this particularism is too dangerous to be kept alive. Disband all independent unions and create a state-controlled Baltic Labour Front in its wake.
Mandatory Military Training
Every single Baltic German must have the ability to wield a gun and fight for his Heimat. We shall create mandatory paramilitary training programmes for all citizens of age and 
State-Controlled Industrialisation
Capitalist principles cannot bring us prosperity. The free market crushes souls and exploits citizens in the name of wealth, not national interest. Instead of that disgrace, the state must take charge in industrialisation itself, through the use of planning committees and public funding.
Full Employment
To be a fit person of working age and not work for your country is not only disgraceful, it should be criminal. The Baltische Arbeitsfront and the National Population Registry will allow us to tap into every single working person across the country, establish public works for them, and give them a place in the national organism.
Ersatzprogramm
The lifestyle of the Baltic German should not be luxurious and extravagant like in the centuries before - nor do we need to waste so many resources on natural products when cheaply made artificial substitutes are available. As little resources should go to waste and as many resources should be dedicated to the State.
Unity of the Churches
Today, the Christian church is divided and relishes in infighting. The Baltic Germans, whose crusader history bestows them a natural role of spiritual guidance for Europe, must champion a unity of the Catholic and Protestant churches on their soil, unite all forces of religious renewal and direct them to a joint enemy in the East.
Subsume the VdBR into the Brotherhood
The Baltic Knighthoods have long since resisted the ultimate goal of the Baltic Germans. While our traditions are what make us unique, we must not blindly cling to them. Infiltrate the Knighthoods and staff them with loyal Brothers in order to subjugate them to our side.
Prohibition of the Vices
Alcohol, cigarettes, gambling, impure thoughts all make men sin and thus cast them out of Heaven. To protect our people from such a fate, and transform them into morally upright citizens, we must take the fight to these vices and crack down on them, one by one.
Religious Education
The Brotherhood should have full control of the curriculum and use it as means of integrating the new generation into their order. They must learn the truth about their heroic, crusader-like history, and the tenets of moral life as well as religious belief. The primary goal of education should be to turn pupils into dutiful, disciplined, patriotic citizens.
Reform the Bureaucracy
The Baltic administrative apparatus is complex and decentralised, and lacks professional personnel. We should hire experts and administrators from Germany to not only improve administrative efficiency, but also bring us closer to the Fatherland.
Harmonise Laws with Germany
We must integrate ourselves into the greater Germanic political sphere by adopting German legal, administrative, and economic systems in the Baltic state. The experience of the Reich Germans can definitely be of use here.
Establish Community Help Associations
It is the nature of a good Christian to help others and provide relief for those less fortunate, and it is the duty of a member of the Baltic Brotherhood to do so. We must institutionalise this practice to allow the community to help each other persist.
Social Welfare
The Baltic state has a duty to provide for its citizens, to give them support in life and to show Christian compassion - towards those who are loyal, of course. This may divert needed resources from the military, but it will keep our country stable.
Agents Among the People
There is a secret reason behind our acts of welfare. Through community help associations and welfare institutions, members of the Brotherhood can easily investigate the thoughts of the populace from up close, and root out the seditious without mercy.
Censor Modern Art
Modern art is not only degenerate and un-Christian, but rooted in villainous, Syndicalist thought. There is no reason for our people to ever experience it - our censorship offices will ensure that only morally upright material reaches the press.
Proclaim an End to Soul Theft
Anglo-Saxonic soul theft, which calls itself Capitalism and Syndicalism and ruthlessly exploits the national body, is the greatest villain of our time - and with a thorough transformation of the state according to the principles of the Baltic Brotherhood, we have finally put an end to its practices.
Ideological Exchange with Germany
Everything we have done, it is in the name of a new Germany, its national rebirth, and it is time to witness the fruit of our labour. We must present ourselves as an example to German nationalists, a success story of our ideology placed upon a pedestal, which shall lead the way to a new age.
Conscription Squads
Not everyone in our country is willing to serve in the Landeswehr and fulfil their duty to the country. They defect, hide from the service, and find ways to excuse themselves. These stragglers must be found and forced to serve, if that's what is necessary.
Ideological Commissars
Our soldiers must know the true nature of their struggle. They must know that they fight not just for their lives or their families, but for the final battle for the fate of Europe and the great conquest of the East. Our political line must permeate the rank and file and the officer corps.
Drang Nach Osten!
The Baltic territories have been completely transformed according to the vision of the Baltic Brotherhood. Only the final stage remains - a militant missionary mission against Russia and the Syndicalists, the conquest of East and West, and Germany's rise to lead a new, reformed, Christian Europe. And the Baltics will be their loyal second-in-command.
A New Landratskollegium
At long last, the reins of government in the Duchy have been given to responsible servants of the noble Baltic German people. A new Landratskollegium composed by the Baltic Knighthoods will stabilise the situation in the state and pave the way for reforms.
Livländische GüterCredit-Sozietät
Operating in Riga, the Livland Goods Credit Society is the largest of all credit societies operated by the Baltic Knighthoods. We must restore it and grant it additional support to provide our ailing economy with loans.
Landschaftliche Kreditwesen
Originated in Prussia, the Landschaft credit system is a system of support for agrarian estates and Junker holdings, and they have maintained a presence in the Baltics since the 18th century. This system must be renewed and restored to fit the needs of the modern day.
Tariffs on Agricultural Imports
Agricultural production is the lifeblood of the Baltic economy and must be protected. We must institute tariffs on agricultural imports to protect local producers while raising additional revenue for the budget.
Social Charity Propaganda
The Baltic nobility, as generous as it is, must provide a portion of their wealth for the common man. We must pressure the nobles in Knighthood lists to donate to charities and other private welfare programmes for the good of the state.
Machine and Tractor Stations
To drastically improve the efficiency of agriculture, we must provide estates with mechanised equipment. Establish a system of tractor stations across the Baltics where tractors and other agricultural machines may be rented by the locals.
Patronage of Arts and Sciences
The lands of the Baltics have given many greats in sciences and will surely give many greats in the centuries to come. It falls to the nobility to carry the duty of promoting these bright men, however, give them funding and support to have their ideas see the light of day.
Reform the Landpolizeibehörden
The Landpolizeibehörden are the traditional law enforcement authorities of the Baltic region, subordinate to the legal system - aside from standard law enforcement duties, they oversee road construction, collection of statistical information, and other duties. This organisation must be reformed and worry itself solely with law enforcement instead.
Revise the Landtag Barrier of Entry
Everything was ruined when we started to allow all these commoners in the Landtag, our generosity to the lower classes has gotten us burned instead. No more! From here on out, the Landtag shall be a legislature for and by the blue-blooded classes!
Ostsee Law Archive Committee
Provincial Ostsee Law serves as the backbone of our legal system and we must protect it. Establish an Archive Committee which shall explain the intricacies of the law to the public and to the courts, while also being allowed to make slight amendments in accordance with modern times.
Banish Schiemann, Again
In 1917, the Livonian Knighthood banished that troublemaker Schiemann to Germany for his constant conflict with the nobility. It is time to do so again and send him back to Germany a second time - without a leader, the liberals will soon dissolve.
Force Secret Societies into the Open
There are rumours of secret societies, such as one called the Baltic Brotherhood, operating among our own in secret and spreading seditious ideas. We must do everything in our power to force them in the open and confront them with the might of the law.
Noble Landeswehr Appointments
The Baltische Landeswehr turned quite unruly during the Forest Brothers uprising - clearly, some of them are harbouring less than acceptable ideas. We must filter their influence out by pushing through more loyal nobles to leading positions in the Landeswehr staff.
Announce Devolution
The government of the United Baltic Duchy has turned inefficient, decadent, byzantine. There is a solution to this conundrum, however. It is time to put an end to overreach from Riga and give the local governments in the Baltic provinces full power over local administration!
Restore the House of Biron
The Curonian House of Biron once reigned over the duchy of Courland-Semigallia, and their dynasty is still alive, represented by the pretender Gustav Biron. It is time for us to finally fulfil the wishes of the Curonian nobles and restore their birthright!
Bow to the Duke of Livonia
Adolf Friedrich of Mecklenburg, Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, is the only rightful claimant to the title of Duke of Livonia. This core land of Baltic German territories shall have its own devolved government, only sharing a monarch with the central government in Riga.
Reach out to the Danes
Estonia has historically been in the Scandinavian sphere of influence and many of their nobles are proud to bear Danish or Swedish blood. Denmark is a close ally of Germany, as well. Let us borrow a member of the Danish royal house, Prince Harald, to assume the throne of the Duchy of Estland!
A Ritterschule for Every Knighthood
The Baltic Knighthoods have a tradition of local education programmes for their scion - but this system is not equal. Reval and Riga have Ritterschule, but the other Knighthoods do not, and many poorer nobles are unable to enrol. We should grant the provinces full jurisdiction in education policy to provide where the central government cannot.
Devolved Cultural Liberties
The Baltic lands are diverse, and the central government cannot possibly protect the rights of everyone. The local provinces must be given the right to decide cultural rights and liberties in their lands for themselves, thus more easily integrating the locals into the Baltic Duchy.
Devolved Economic Policy
Policies which help the Estonian economy have little effect in Livland or Courland, and vice versa. The central government cannot make the right decisions on economic affairs - the local governments must be given the right to decide it for themselves.
The United Baltic Duchies
The United Baltic Duchy is not one, but rather a union of many. Baltic Germans of all alignment, Letts and Estonians, can all be proud to live in a state where the governments are close to home and the central government enshrines long standing tradition.
Professionalism Priority
The only advantage which a country as small as ours may have is in professionalism and discipline. Let us foster these advantages and build a small army of crack troops.
Manpower Priority
We cannot ignore the key issue plaguing the Landeswehr any longer - the Baltic population must be integrated into the military. Through fostering patriotism and integrating the Baltic peoples, we can amend this weakness.
Ostwallprogramm
We must always prepare ourselves for a possible attack from the East - and to overcome the Russian giant, we must prepare in advance. Let us dedicate resources to a mass fortification programme along our Eastern border and let the Russians come to us.
Modern Construction Technology
The Ostwall project has taught us more than a few things about how to manage constructions efficiently while maintaining quality. Let us implement this knowledge for any other projects we might pursue later on.
Purchase Material
It pains to admit that we will not be able to construct everything we might wish to see in our project all by our own merit. This is where our allies come in. Through contacts in Germany, we need to purchase more material for the Ostwall and our armed forces.
Redoubt Question
There will come a time when, no matter how much we build up the Ostwall, that the Russians break through. If such a thing happens, we need a redoubt - and for that, we must decide what this redoubt should be.
New Doctrine Think Tanks
Twenty years of technological development since the Weltkrieg have ushered in a new age in military thought. We must delve into this thought in order to always stay ahead of our competitors.
Foster Landeswehr Traditions
All men in the Landeswehr are brothers, no matter which ethnicity or social class they hail from. They are the knights of the modern era, and we must foster a camaraderie among them which no bullets will shatter.
Study Mobility Doctrine
The advent of mass motorisation and modern tank designs have shifted military focus towards armoured spearheads and combined arms warfare. We must reform the Landeswehr from the roots to adapt to this new way of thinking.
Fireteam Organisation
We must organise our soldiers into small teams of four or five men, operating by task and implementing fire-and-movement tactics in the heat of battle, much like German Stoßtruppen. The motivation to protect or support one's friends in a small squad trumps any abstract concepts.
Abandon the Horse-Drawn Carriage
The logistics system of the army should be modernised and carriages replaced with trucks, for faster and more effective transportation of materiel.
Modern Fuel Supply Infrastructure
A modern, motorised army required a steady supply of fuel in order to support it. Research into synthetic fuel and construction of dedicated fuel storage bases will serve as a fine start.
Share Doctrine Development
We should not only develop a modern army doctrine, but share our achievements with our allies in the Reichspakt as well - studying their own achievements at the same time and implementing their breakthroughs.
Seek out Local Talent
Latvians and Estonians rarely choose to serve in the Landeswehr, even though, as we're forced to admit, many of their graduates and junior officers have bright ideas on how to reform the military and make it more inclusive. We should hear them out.
Recall Vilensky Graduates
The Vilna Military Academy of the Russian era saw thousands of graduates, including many Baltic ones. Abolishing any limits on native Baltic officer advancement and recruiting these veterans to our service will lead us very far.
Mass Equipment Production
A massively expanded Baltische Landeswehr will require a sufficient production base and a new approach to infantry division format. It falls to our shoulders to resolve both of these issues in our path to reform.
Expand Lettish Regiments
The Latvians, the largest ethnic group in the Duchy, must have adequate representation in the Landeswehr - new Latvian regiments in the army must be founded and old ones expanded to grant this representation.
Standardise Artillery Templates
The Weltkrieg has taught us that artillery will remain a staple of the modern battlefield. We must begin domestic artillery piece production and establish standardised artillery templates to ensure sufficient quality.
Hurricane Bombardment
We must gear artillery production and implementation to short, but powerful and overwhelming bombings, blowing through holes in enemy lines and allowing infantry to infiltrate and push through.
German Language Courses
Many bright ideas within our military are lost because of linguistics issues. We must establish universal and mandatory German language courses to enforce a single language upon the military and thus improve communication.
Riga National Military Academy
The Duke Adolf Friedrich National Military Academy in Riga shall be the shining beacon of modern military thought in Eastern Europe, uniting all the disparate courses and study programmes the Landeswehr once employed, and gathering all of our built up knowledge in a single institute.
Military Innovation Institute
In order to raise an officer corps which is always one step ahead of our opponents, we must introduce courses on innovative military technologies, such as mobile warfare and special forces.
FzSdB
The Forschungsdivision zur Studie des Bewegungskrieg (Division for the Research of Mobile Warfare) shall be a branch of the Academy geared towards training cadets in commanding armoured divisions, employing combined arms tactics, and designing new, innovative tank models.
\n§PYou will receive Panzer variant based on your highest researched armour technology.§!
Special Forces Integration
Trained for specific tasks, special forces are swiftly becoming an important asset in modern military forces. While the Baltic Duchy may be too small to field a significant force of specialised divisions, integrating them into the army structure is vital nonetheless.
Militärische Planungskurse
Let us start courses on operations planning in the Academy and drill one principle into the heads of our cadets - plans may be useless, but planning is indispensable.
Air Pilot Courses
No war in the modern day can be won without air superiority. We must establish permanent native air pilot courses to train a new generation of flying aces.
Competitive Aircraft Design
By encouraging competition between aircraft designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Study Western Air Doctrine
In the skies, your equipment and numbers are not the only thing that matters. How you apply both of these things tactically matters just as much, if not more. We must research the advancements Western nations have made in air doctrine.
Vertical Envelopement
Airborne forces are a recent addition to modern army branches which offer many advantages never before seen in history - we must study airborne warfare tactics and learn to apply them in our forces.
Naval Cadets Branch
The Baltic fleet is our defence on the seas, but its leading officers are geriatrics from the Tsarist era. We must establish a branch for educating a new naval officer cadre to propel the fleet to the modern era.
Promote Talented Ship Designers
By encouraging competition between ship designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Study Western Naval Doctrine
With each passing year, more and more methods of innovatively employing the navy to secure advantages in the seas are developed. We must always stay ahead of the curve and study the latest advancements from Western naval academies.
Land-Sea Cooperation
The navy is only as useful as it allows troops on the ground to fight without hindrance - and as time passes, cooperation between land and sea forces turns more and more critical in warfare. We cannot dismiss this as merely a fad, modern militaries require marine detachments.
Eastern Vanguard of the German Order
Sporting the most modern military force in the Reichspakt, the Baltic state is truly the vanguard of the Germanic order, its stalwart defence against any enemies which may come from the East. And we must act upon this role.
The Pearl of the Baltic
The Free City of Riga stands as the last remnant of the Baltic German nation. Called 'Pearl of the Baltic', Riga has been the crown of the Baltic states for the last seven hundred years, and no matter what, we shall protect this crown from those clawing towards it.
Raise Barricades
The Latvians may storm the city at any moment - until we establish a normal army, we need to press our citizens to construct barricades and barriers to stall this potential advance.
Establish Refugee Camps
Thousands of refugees from the former Duchy flock to Riga, flooding the streets and houses of the already pretty tight city - we must establish basic infrastructure to handle this flow and settle the refugees.
The Former Duke
One of the many refugees who have crossed the border to Riga is the former Duke Adolf Friedrich and his daughter. Though no faction in Riga wishes to restore him, we still need to make a decision on how he shall be treated.
Committee of Former Landtag Members
The former Landtag of the Baltic Duchy has found itself dissolved and powerless in the aftermath of the Duchy's collapse. Some of its members have gathered to an advisory committee next to the Riga City Council, but it falls to us to decide how much power they have.
The Livonian Knighthood
The former Livonian Knighthood, headquartered in Riga, has too been left powerless by the fall of the Baltic Duchy. This noble institution, which once strangled any hope for true democracy in the country, is now under our mercy.
Mass Social Housing
The flood of refugees from outside the city has shown the limits of our city planning and residential areas. We need to construct more affordable, mass social housing to provide shelter to our enlarged population.
From Militias to an Army
During the Forest Brothers rebellion, the Baltic German population in Riga spontaneously organised into citizen militias in order to defend themselves from the Latvian rebels. These militias are not enough, only a real army can protect Riga from destruction.
Declaration of Riga Sovereignty
Having finally restored some semblance of order in Riga, we can put the pessimism of our peoples to rest and make our way to a brighter tomorrow, no matter what it might hold. The last bastion of the Germanic nation in the East shall never fall!
Rechtsstaat
An intellectual and a legal professor, Helmuth Stegman has always proclaimed the need for a rule of law, first in the Duchy, then in Riga. His government shall seek to fulfil this dream of a legalistic democracy, foster a Riga national identity, and restore order.
Formalise the Rigaer Rat
Liquidated in 1889, the Rigaer Rat was restored after the Weltkrieg and has become the primary method of popular representation in Riga. Partially elected, it serves as the government's means of cooperation with the upper class. This institution needs to be given additional powers.
Establish Central Banking
To this day, the Baltic Germans do not have a central bank. A central banking system for Riga will allow its small business class to more easily fund new ventures and invest in more efficient production.
Riga Bill of Rights
All citizens of the Free City of Riga, no matter their ethnicity or faith, need to know that they share the same fundamental, universal rights with each other. Under the guidance of intelligently designed law, this multicultural city can live in harmony.
Maintain Government Transparency
To ensure that the citizens of Riga can trust in their government to bring a better tomorrow, we need to cut on all forms of graft, corruption, and establish procedures which will make our taxpayers aware of where exactly their money is being spent.
A Constitutional Court
Helmuth Stegman has championed the cause of a written constitution and a court to enforce it before the collapse of the Baltic Duchy, and leading an independent Riga, he is able to make his designs come true.
Öffentliches Pfandbriefgesetz
Riga, like the rest of the Baltic provinces, operate under the Pfandbrief credit system, a type of issued bonds more stable than covered bonds. This system can be improved with legislation to support the city banking system, bringing forth an economic boom.
Foster a Riga Identity
It is not just the Baltic German nation we serve - the City of Riga itself is worth protecting, and our citizens must remember that. Though the creation of national symbols and holidays, we can craft a common attachment to the Pearl of the Baltic.
Herder-Institut Riga
Founded by the Herder Society, the Herder Institute in Riga is a prestigious academy which offers education to the Baltic German minority in the city. It needs to be opened to te general public and given additional funding to help form a strong local research and development sector.
Reichsvorposten Riga
Controlled by the German military garrison, Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter sets the task of preparing the city for the reconquest of Latvia and Estonia above all else. The economy needs to be militarised, the people tightly controlled, and nation made spiritually ready to return home.
Institute a State of Emergency
Surrounded by the Latvians, we cannot afford to leave our civil liberties intact when the security of the city is in question. We need a state of emergency to ensure order on the streets.
Reinforce German Regiments
We cannot win the war against the Balts ourselves, we need German support. Thankfully, our sea supply lines to Germany have not been severed and we can ship additional German army regiments in order to secure our borders.
Front der Nationalen Rettung
All political parties in Riga must come to common understanding and join into a National Salvation Front. Acting as one and abiding to the will of Mayor von Scheubner-Richter and the German military, we will be able to achieve so much more. Besides, it's temporary.
German Development Grants
Riga may be a remote city from the rest of the Empire, but the government in Berlin can spare us enough low interest loans and benefits to build up a local manufacturing industry.
Revanchist Propaganda
Every citizen of Riga must know two things - that the Latvian threat is always present, but that they are a degenerate dictatorship which will be easy to defeat once we do come to blows. Reality matters little when we need to rouse patriotism among our peers.
Secret Police
Once we return to Courland and Livland, the natives, duped by the Latvian revolutionaries, are sure to oppose us. To ensure that they do not overthrow us again, we must prepare countermeasures in advance - and a secret police rooting out these separatists is exactly what we need.
Local Gun Workshops
In preparation for war, we must expand our meagre weapons production facilities and establish a network of small scale workshops, each one of which will be able to produce and repair rifles for army use and thus leave our production sector more resilient.
Scavenge Equipment Stockpiles
The chaotic collapse of the Duchy means that much of the Baltische Landeswehr's armament remains dispersed across the city and surrounding countryside, stashed away in cellars and warehouses. They need to be cracked open and the weapons inside distributed to our troops.
Student Exchange Programmes
To import technical know how and implement new technologies, we must establish a system of student exchanges between Rigan and German universities, and allow our brightest students to return with new insight.
Establish the Landsturm
In German territories, the Landsturm are reserve militias composed of men too old for active service which would participate in the defence of their local areas. Riga needs such a system now more than ever.
Underground Defence Tunnels
While we still have time, we should put the Riga sewers and tunnel systems to use - if we can put them to use for supply transport and underground movement of troops, our Free City will be able to endure any attack.
Schiemann's Legacy
Representing the Democratic Party, Wilhelm Munter is willing to take a soft and hands-off approach to governance, centred around democratic reform in the city and rapprochement with the Latvians outside of its walls.
Rigaer Landtag
Nothing but a democratic, popularly elected Landtag will satisfy the reformists in the Baltic German Democratic Party. Every single citizen should have a right to cast their vote and have equal opportunity to gain power.
Meritocratic Governance
The government of Riga must establish strict regulations on its administration as well as examination procedures to ensure that only the brightest and sharpest minds operate our public services.
Organise Public Works
Many across the city, especially those who fled to Riga after the collapse of the Duchy, are still unemployed. We can put the unemployed to work by establishing public works programmes - repairing roads, laying new sidewalks, and improving the city infrastructure in general.
Court of Corporations
We must establish a Court of Corporations, chosen from all social groups and labour unions across the country, as the upper house of the Landtag. It shall be able to advise the legislators on city issues and allow us to cooperate with private interest.
Development Grants to Business
Economic disarray here and in Germany have shaken the private business scene in Riga. We need to take debt and provide relief to the small and medium business owners in order to get them back on their feet.
Free Universal Education
Every single citizen of Riga should have equal access to education, a fundamental right of every human being. We must modernise education programmes and provide the system with additional funding to accommodate for an influx of new students.
Open the Borders
Latvia has been overtaken by a dictatorship and Estonia is verging on one. Many of their citizens, even if they are patriots, would much rather live in a liberal democracy. We should open our borders and let these immigrants come.
Nationalise the Tram System
The tram system in Riga has served the city for decades, and yet its private organisation leads to several issues, because of them the potential of this public transport system remains unfulfilled. The government should take control of the trams and begin a modernisation of the system.
Trade Across the Baltic Sea
Our position in the Baltic coast, our extensive shipping infrastructure, and our mercantile policies allow us to have a dominating share in the shipping and trade in the Baltic Sea. Let us take advantage of this.
Ensure Safe Flow of Goods
In war and peace alike, we need to ensure that our merchant ships and convoys are able to reach their destination without danger. We need to implement modern convoy defence practices to ensure that.
Seek Trading Partners
We must reach out to possible private or public partners in the Scandinavian states and Russia to make our presence known, and get them to ship their goods in our fleets and not any other.
Partners in Germany
The German Empire will always be our most important trading partner, export and import alike. We need to get beneficial deals with our partners in the West, get a cut in shipping prices, and collect the mark-up.
First Strike!
What used to be a temporary refuge in Riga has become the new norm - but now that we have rearmed, prepared ourselves and see the situation in Europe turn right, we can descend upon Latvia like hawks and reclaim our birthright. In Treuen Fest!
Riga City Defence Force
We cannot rely solely on the German occupation force to provide protection. They can always end up recalled, or simply prove to be too small against a fully operational Latvian army. A city defence force is necessary to get us over the edge.
Gather Exiled Landeswehr Officers
The officer corps of the Baltische Landeswehr ended up scattered after the fall of the Duchy, many of them settled in Riga or in Germany. We must find them, gather them, and recruit them to serve as the backbone of the Riga City Defence Force.
Enemies on All Sides
Riga's only neighbour which does not seek to kill us is the sea, and we're not even sure on that. This siege must permeate our defence planning and it needs to be what our officers concentrate on.
Purchase German Equipment
The German Empire and their equipment stocks are the lifeblood of our defence efforts. Until we can get a local small arms industry going, arms shipments from the Heimat are our only means of armament.
Defensive Earthworks
Preparing for a Latvian invasion in advance, we should dig trenches and construct barricades in the outskirts of the city in order to stall them while we still have time.
Düna River Gunboats
The Düna, or Daugava River, splitting the city of Riga in half, needs to be factored in to our defence planning, and it can serve as our biggest ally. Gunboats on the river will grant us critical reconnaissance on the enemy and fire support against Latvian positions as well.
Set Up Artillery Positions
We need to be smart with the little resources we have. The Artillery pieces we have retrieved from the Landeswehr need to be placed in strategic positions across the city and plan which streets and roads each one of them will cover.
Establish Field Hospitals
Soldiers among our ranks are few and far between, therefore we must preserve as many of them as we can. Bandages, field surgeries, and painkillers can go far to keep them fighting for longer.
Counter-Strike Preparations
As much as we may plan for defending the city from foreign assault, we can never forget that our birthright extends to the entirety of the former Baltic Duchy. We need to draft a Plan 'Spring Awakening' to expand out of the city and restore control over Latvia.
Birthright Restored
The war is over, and Riga stands atop the rubble as the victor. The Baltic German polity has reclaimed its rightful sovereignty over the Baltic provinces. Now, it is time for reconstruction.
Reintegrate Latvia
The Latvians nearly extinguished the Baltic German spirit and surrounded Riga from all sides, but against all odds, our might has prevailed. Now, it is time to restore civilian administration in former Latvian territory.
Reintegrate Estonia
The Second Republic of Estonia has gone the way of the first - a brief period of independence, followed by a return to the Baltic German fold. Hopefully, they learn their lesson, but for now, we should restore civilian administration in Estonia.
Rehabilitate the Rank-and-File
While the leaders of the Latvian and Estonian states wished for our destruction and many of their underlings were similarly nationalist, many others simply fought for their homes and wanted a calm, simple life, no matter who are the rulers. They can be safely integrated, especially as we shall guarantee the Latvians and Estonians their rights.
A Republican Landeswehr
[BAT.republican_landeswehr_dynamic_desc]
The old Baltische Landeswehr was rife with Baltic German supremacism, unpopular with the general population, yet effective. Now that the Baltics are once again reunited under our guidance, we have restored the Landeswehr with all of the efficiency and none of the hatred.
Despite the inability of the old Baltische Landeswehr to protect the German people of the baltics from the crisis which split the old duchy apart, the instituion still has a great many supporters and admirers, who note its effectiveness and the important place it had in ensuring the place of the German people in the baltics. Now that the Baltics are once again under our rightful control, we shall restore the Landeswehr to its old effectiveness and have it serve as a pillar of our rule.
Call a Constitutional Convention
After many months of reconstruction, the Baltic Federation can finally establish the structure of government its people will guide themselves with for years to come. Call a Constitutional Convention to finally decide this matter, once and for all!
Three Sisters United
Return of the Latvian Bolsheviks
Root Out Reactionaries
Mobilise the Masses
Collectivisation
ABC-Aušrinė Union Congress
Free Culture
Defence of the Revolution
Community Defence
Paleckis' Baltic Socialism
State-Sponsored Industrialisation
Baltic Unity Promotion
Socialist Constitution
A New Beginning
Old Germany has fallen. A new Germany rises, renewed, rejuvenated, and ready to restore history to its rightful path. The hardest part - to reconquer Germany - has been achieved. Now, the rest of Europe awaits.
Export the National Revival
Now that we have consolidated our grip over Germany, it is time for us to export our revolution. It is said that Germany shall be the leader of a new, revived Europe, and wage crusades against Syndicalists and Russians alike - and we shall do so by force.
Crusade Against Syndicalism
Like a disease, Syndicalism continues to crop up across Europe. This poison shall be cured and the souls languishing under Syndicalists saved - by military intervention. Wherever the left may rear its head, we will strike and decapitate it.
Die Ostbewegung
Germany's historical mission is to expand to the East. The Baltic Germans exist because of this drive to the fertile Eastern lands, and we shall lead Germany to seize this destiny. Russia needs to be removed from the map!
Rebuild the European Hegemony
After the fall of the German Empire, its hegemony in Central Europe collapsed. States which used to be our allies parted ways and began charting their own, independent course. This is unacceptable. By blood and steel, we will carve out a hegemony in Central Europe once again.
The New Reichsheer
The Baltische Landeswehr shall serve as the core tutor of a new army for the German nation, a force which will be strong enough to protect its interests worldwide. Of all the Germanic nations, the Baltic Germans have historically been immersed in warfare most, so this role is natural.
Implement the Baltic Model
The so-called 'Baltic model' of fireteam organisation has proven to be effective in modern war. We need to implement it in the Reichsheer as well, and divide all soldiers into small, tightly-knit fireteams to bolster their efficiency.
Legacy of the Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg has come and went, and with it, the future of warfare has come. Modern tanks, airplanes, and tactics are now common in the battlefield, all of which we must study and implement in the new Reichsheer.
Wunderwaffe
We must allow experimentation in our military research and development corps, this way we may unlock power and destructive ability once believed to be mere fantasy.
Totaler Krieg
More often than not, modern war is won not by superior tactics, but by simply outproducing the enemy. We must gear our economy accordingly, and prepare ourselves for total war.
Take to the Sky
Having reconquered Germany, we must rebuild the Luftwaffe anew - now, with the fresh concept of jet aircraft at our fingertips, giving our planes the potential to break the speed of sound.
Gleichschaltung
A New Germany needs to learn from the renewed Baltics on how to lead all of Europe. We shall implement a policy of complete control over all facets of society in order to implement our national revival fully.
Formulate New German Christianity
The Baltic Brotherhood pronounces a new, Germanic reading of Christianity - it is time for all of Europe to follow it. Starting with Germany - we shall destroy the Catholic church and reunite all Christians under a renewed worship of the Bible!
Blut und Boden Movement
German land is bound to German blood, and not only should Germans return to a simpler, rural way of life, we need to expand this 'living space' to the fertile lands of the East - there, enslaving the local Slavs, Germany will find utopia. We should embrace this movement and integrate it into our ideology.
Principle of National Solidarity
The economy shall be an instrument of soul theft no longer! We shall increase state control over economic affairs and subjugate it to the Nation, not to any capitalist or foreigner.
Stratification of the National Body
Hierarchy and inequality are natural - those with the right to rule, say, the blue blooded nobles of the Baltic Brotherhood, should be the ones to rule. This order and stratification of the ancient past must be restored, liberal thought purged completely, and absolute rule of the elite ensured.
Das Dritte Reich
Liberated and revived, the German Eagle once again rises over Europa, with no equal! The benevolent leadership of the Baltic Germans shall ensure that the new Germany will last a thousand years!
Baltisches Schieferöl-Konsortium
Funktechnische Fabrik Reval
Böker und Co.
Waffenarsenal Reval
Vairogs
Rigaer Autobusfabrik
SEF
Libau Military Port Workshops
Mühlgraben Shipyard
Byzantine Political System
The political system of the United Baltic Duchy is based upon centuries of tradition, stemming from the Livonian Confederation or, in some cases, even earlier. The system of semi-direct representation through Landtags, an enduring loyalty to Provincial Ostsee Civil Law, and the autonomous nature of the Baltic Knighthoods, are all undoubtedly a part of the Baltic German identity - and yet, it is a system in dire need of reform.
Parliamentary Control
Decision-making power in the Duchy has been centralised in the Landtag, allowing it to exert control over the Landeswehr and the Convent of Land Administrators, thus eroding the power of the Baltic Knighthoods.
The Baltische Landeswehr
The Baltic Territorial Army is the volunteer defence force of the United Baltic Duchy, formed in 1918 under the guidance of German commander Rüdiger von der Goltz. It is ethnically segregated between Baltic German, Latvian, Estonian and Russian units, and unpopular with the native majority population. This has pressed the Landeswehr to reform and modernise to make up for its manpower shortages. Largely independent of civilian oversight, and for good reason, it is efficient and innovative, considered to be the most elite force in the Reichspakt.
The New Baltische Landeswehr
The old Baltische Landeswehr was rife with Baltic German supremacism, unpopular with the general population, yet effective. Now that the Baltics are once again reunited under our guidance, we have restored the Landeswehr with all of the efficiency and none of the hatred.
The Baltische Landeswehr
With the Baltics under our rightful control once again, we have restored the Landeswehr to its former glory and it shall serve from now on as a pillar of our rule.
Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Two decades ago, it was believed that this would foster German colonisation of the Baltic states via immigrants from the Heimat. It has had the opposite result, however - young Baltic Germans move to Berlin, Saxony and the Ruhr in search of a living, abandoning their family homes.
Mass Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Now that an economic crisis has set in our country, thousands are making their way to the Empire in search of a living, deepening our already crippling labour force problems.
Controlled Emigration
All citizens of the United Baltic Duchy are able to move to and work in the German Empire without inhibition, and vice versa. Because of this, young Baltic Germans move to Berlin, Saxony and the Ruhr in search of a living, abandoning their family homes - however, this process has been somewhat put under control.
Black Monday
The economic crisis sparked by the Black Monday stock market crash is severely affecting our country.
Dualism
The antiquated, nightmarish government system of the Duchy and the stubbornness of Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna combined have led to a period of §YDualism§! setting in our country. The Democratic Party lacks a majority in the Landtag and has no way of pushing through laws or projects, as they do not have legislative initiative or Landtag dissolution powers, but the conservative controlled Landtag has no way of removing the incumbent Convent from power, as that requires the assent of the Knighthoods and the Duke, not them. A power struggle has thus broken out within the upper echelons of government and needs to be resolved lest our country falls into anarchy.\n\n§YEnables Dualism Decisions.\nWhile the Dualism mechanic is active, we will only be able to choose Baltische Landeswehr focuses in our focus tree, but they will not cost any Political Power per turn.§!
National Unity Armistice
A political armistice has been negotiated in the halls of the Landtag. No infighting between the liberal executive and conservative legislature can take place when the security of the Duchy is at hand.
Business Bailout
In exchange for political support, the government has declared a financial bailout of several failing Baltic German businesses. Though it claims that these measures will help control the Black Monday crisis, in truth, almost all of the money has been pocketed by business owners...
The Forest Brothers
The Mežabrāļi, or Metsavennad, are an underground resistance movement which seeks to smash the cracking United Baltic Duchy into rubble. It is formed from the veterans and exiles of the Latvian and Estonian resistance against the Baltic Germans at the end of the Weltkrieg, supported by emigré organisations and the native inhabitants alike, and will stop at nothing but the complete independence of their home nations.\n\n§YEnables Forest Brothers Decisions.§!
Reformed Land Ownership
Moderate reforms to land ownership in the countryside have been implemented in order to improve agricultural efficiency.
Efficient Management
Reforms to production methods have been implemented to streamline the process and allow Baltic companies to adopt the most modern methods of increasing efficiency.
National Economic Assistance Commission
The National Economic Assistance Commission is an office of Ducal politicians and Baltic German businessmen, designate to foster collaboration between government and business, and thus ensure steady economic growth for the United Baltic Duchy.
Surge of Electricity
The opening of the Keggum Hydroelectric Power Plant has greatly increased our production of electric energy, granting benefits to factory output.
Export Agriculture
Our reforms have pushed our farmers to prioritise cash crops and mass agricultural production, putting more money in the pockets of farmers, bringing more currency to the local market, and allowing many to move from farms to cities.
Reformed Education System
A streamlined and modernised education system has allowed us to greatly improve the efficiency of education, bringing more bright minds under our wing than ever before.
Mass Mobilisation
The wars of the modern day will only be won by a massive, mobilised and well equipped army, and we must gear our economy towards this goal.
Competitive Aircraft Designers
By encouraging competition between aircraft designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Competitive Ship Designers
By encouraging competition between ship designers in our country, we can ensure that all designs which fall to our hands are top notch quality and at a reasonable price.
Construction Engineering
Experience in building the Ostwall permeates our construction corps and allows us to put this experience to use elsewhere.
Ostwall Repair Stations
There will be times when our bunkers are destroyed and our lines are compromised. To make sure this does not cripple us in the midst of war, we must prepare for it in advance.
Repair Stations and Railroad Networks
We need to not just repair our fortifications, but also create underground railroads with which we will be able to move resources from one part of the frontline to the other.
Pessimism
The Baltic Germans gathered in Riga struggle with the shackles of their past and are overcome with pessimism towards their holdout. What should Riga's future be? Until that is decided, the city-state has yet to assert its legitimacy.
Conscription Squads
Nobody will be able to avoid their service to the Fatherland.
Political Commissars
Members of the Baltic Brotherhood are integrated into the Baltische Landeswehr in order to always keep an eye on the military and maintain necessary political loyalty.
The Eastern Crusade!
Our crusade Eastwards begins! Like our ancestors many centuries ago, we shall charge forth guided by fire, steel, and the will of God!
Mission to Lithuania
Our mission in Lithuania provides us with insight into warfare on foot and adaptation to difficult terrain, such as forests, hills and swamps.
Mission to Poland
Our mission in Poland provides us with a first hand view of Polish experiments in armoured spearheads, mass mechanised warfare, and the necessary tactics.
Mission to Belarus
Our mission in Belarus allows us to study stratagems in defence, fortifications and entrenchment.
Mission to Ukraine
Our mission in Ukraine provides us with experience in mass mobilisation and standardised infantry equipment production.
Mission to Finland
Our mission in Finland gives us insight into Finnish winter warfare expertise.
Zersetzung
Zersetzung, 'decomposition', is a psychological warfare technique designed within the Baltische Landeswehr, whose goal is to break captured Latvian and Estonian partisans through abusive control and psychological manipulation.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Bandenbekämpfung Tactics
Bandenbekämpfung tactics employ practices of massive retribution for partisan activity in afflicted areas, collective punishment, and an infrastructure of permanent guard patrols to make partisan warfare too costly for local inhabitants.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Zerstörungsbataillons
Zerstörungsbataillons, 'destruction battalions', are volunteer paramilitary units composed of collaborators among the Latvian and Estonian population to support Baltic German troops with knowledge of the terrain, local language skills, and the illusion that the Forest Brothers conflict is a war of brother against brother.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Loss of Partisan Momentum
The Forest Brothers have expended a lot of their manpower and resources and are rapidly losing the ability to continue the fight.\n\n§YThis National Spirit is only active during the Forest Brothers rebellion.§!
Noble Charity Organisations
The Baltic Nobility generously pays from its pocket to provide relief for less better off citizens of the United Baltic Duchy, in the form of soup kitchens, cheap accommodation, and charity.
Landpolizeibehörden
The Landpolizeibehörden are the traditional law enforcement authorities of the Baltic region, subordinate to the legal system - aside from standard law enforcement duties, they oversee road construction, collection of statistical information, and other duties. This organisation must be reformed and worry itself solely with law enforcement instead.
Duke Christian Ludwig, Heir Apparent
Duchess Woizlawa Feodora, Heir Apparent
Flight of the Baltic Germans
The Baltic German minority in our country is fleeing en masse, and so are most of the intellectuals and administrators who used to govern the country, leaving our intellectual corps struggling.
River Boats
River boats, armed with machine guns and light batteries, patrol the city river, providing necessary reconnaissance on enemy positions and support fire for our ground troops.
Strategic Artillery Placements
Artillery posts have been placed in strategic positions in and out of the city, meticulously planned to cover as many entrances as possible and turning any assault into a bloodbath.
Operation Frühlingserwachen
Operation 'Spring Awakening' has been designed by the top brass of our generals as our first plan of action in a war against Latvia. After the Latvian forces have been exhausted, we shall awaken, like an inevitable spring, and march all the way to Wolmar.
A State of Law
Helmuth Stegman's vision is a state which is managed by total, unquestioned, yet liberal and democratic law, following the ideals of legal science he's absorbed. If every citizen knows his rights, his duties, and always makes sure to defend them no matter what, it should create a free and prosperous society.
Empowered Rigaer Rat
Liquidated in 1889, the Rigaer Rat was restored after the Weltkrieg and has become the primary method of popular representation in Riga. Partially elected, it serves as the government's means of cooperation with the upper class.
Rigaer Landtag
Nothing but a democratic, popularly elected Landtag will satisfy the reformists in the Baltic German Democratic Party. Every single citizen should have a right to cast their vote and have equal opportunity to gain power.
A State of Merit
We shall fulfil Paul Schiemann's dream of a state in which only your merit and ability will judge your position in society. Those with merit and ability should earn the respect of others, and tutor society in exchange, in the name of the good of the individual.
Immigration
Riga is attracting immigrants from across the Baltic states, seeking a better life within the city's borders.
Secret Police
Our rule is never truly secure, but the dissidents and potential revolutionaries forced to face the wall will surely help up sleep better at night.
Revanchist Politics
The Latvians and Estonians ripped us from our birthright, but it is a temporary change of affairs. Building up our forces in exile in Riga, we shall soon storm out of the walls of the city and reclaim what is ours.
Underground Tunnel Networks
Triumph des Willens
Against all odds, the brave knights of the Baltic have overcome enemies near and far, and liberated Germany from the clutches of Syndicalism. Our brothers and sisters need no longer weep, for the Germanic people, and soon all of Europe, will receive their due rescue. The poisonous thoughts of atheistic rationalism and materialism have failed - faith, tradition and will have triumphed.
Der Sieg des Glaubens
Now that Germany is solidified under our control, we need to export the National Revival beyond our borders. The Victory of Faith draws near, and we shall bring it forth.
The New Reichsheer
The army of the German Reich is being reformed according to the principles of unit organisation so successfully implemented in the Baltics. Let us teach the rest of Germany the superior Baltic approach to warfare!
Gleichschaltung
Meaning \
Deutsche Christen
All of Germany now follows a new, truly Germanic reading of Christianity, one which shall surely revive the spiritual power of Europe and lead it to a new future with Germany at the helm.
Constitution of the Baltic Federation
The Constitution of the Baltic Federation establishes the political framework of the nation. It defines the state as a [BAT.BAT_constitution_provinces_definition], [BAT.BAT_constitution_government_definition]. The Constitution safeguards fundamental citizen rights and duties, [BAT.BAT_constitution_culture_definition]. The legislature, Landtag, [BAT.BAT_constitution_legislature_definition], and the head of government, the Chancellor, [BAT.BAT_constitution_executive_definition].
semi-constitutional monarchy
meritocratic monarchy
constitutional monarchy
constitutional republic
unitary
federal
confederal
but the importance of German culture is also enshrined
and all citizens of the state enjoy them
as well as a right to ethnic and linguistic freedom, following National Personal Autonomy
but their implementation falls to the shoulders of confederal units
is bicameral, the upper house is composed of aristocrats
is bicameral, the upper house is appointed by the Duke
is bicameral, and both houses are directly elected
is unicameral, and composed of representatives from the provinces
is bicameral, the upper house is composed of meritocratic appointees
is unicameral, and composed of professionals appointed from universities and interest groups
is unicameral and elected in universal vote
is appointed by the Duke with the advice of the Landtag
is appointed by the President with the advice of the Landtag
is proposed by the Landtag and approved by the Duke
is proposed by the Landtag and approved by the President
is elected by the Landtag and independent of any head of state consent
Transformation of the State
Baltische Erneuerung
Having seized absolute power and forged a permanent alliance with the Landeswehr, the Brotherhood may finally put into effect their plans for the state of the Baltic Germans. The old, antiquated order must be rooted from the ground up and replaced with a national renewal, one which will free not just the Baltics, but all of Germany from its shackles and allow it to lead Europe in a life or death battle with the Eastern barbarians.\n\nNational transformation will be an arduous and costly process. Each §YNational Focus§! in the §YArmy with a State§! branch of your Focus Tree, detailing the subjugation of the country to the ultimate goals of the Brotherhood, will increase weekly loss of £stability_texticon §YStability§!. To prevent this escalating instability from overwhelming the country, you are able to go down the §YUnity of the Churches§! branch of your Focus Tree, which details increasing control of Baltic German culture - granting temporary stability, though with a price of its own. Alternatively, the option is always there to simply escalate oppression of the populace until they get the idea...
Escalate the Crackdown
Doubters, traitors and enemy spies besiege us from all sides, all resisting against our National Revival. Fortunately, the Baltische Landeswehr and the secret services are on our side. By cracking down on this resistance and making an open display of what happens to those who resist, we can intimidate the rest into playing along.
The §YTransformation of the State§! begins.
The §H$BAT_transformation_dynamic_modifier$§! is concluded and will no longer reduce $MODIFIER_STABILITY_WEEKLY$.
Riga Trade League
Already seeking a group's support
Enshrined the role of the Knighthoods
Knight Academies safeguarded
Is reduced to the Riga holdout
£rifle_texticon §H1000§! £support_texticon §H150§!
£rifle_texticon §R1000§! £support_texticon §R150§!
It costs $BAT_2_forts_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£rifle_texticon §H1000§! £support_texticon §H250§!
£rifle_texticon §R1000§! £support_texticon §R250§!
It costs $BAT_redoubt_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_artillery_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_artillery_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_second_fort_level_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_motorized_icon_small §H500§!
£unit_motorized_icon_small §R500§!
It costs $BAT_repair_stations_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_anti_air_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_anti_air_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_aa_stations_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£unit_anti_tank_icon_small §H250§! £support_texticon §H300§!
£unit_anti_tank_icon_small §R250§! £support_texticon §R300§!
It costs $BAT_third_fort_level_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£support_texticon §H600§!
£support_texticon §R600§!
It costs $BAT_underground_railroad_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
S.E.F. Research
Vairogs Research
The Landowner lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Mercantile lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Liberal coalition will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
The Knighthoods lobby will present us with the concessions they need to grant their support.
If the country has not been stabilised one way or another by the time this timer runs out, the Duke's patience will finally yield...
If the government does not show its teeth by the time this timer runs out, a nefarious plot will start to hatch...
Once you have built up enough £pol_power §YPolitical Power§!, you may finally retake the Landtag and put an end to this power struggle!
You will no longer be able to §YAbolish the Knighthoods§! during the Constitutional Convention.
The £pol_violence §YForest Brothers§! uprising starts.\n
Gain 25% £pol_violence §YResistance§! in Estland and Courland.\n
Has completed more than [?1|Y0] anti-partisan £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§!
Continue playing as the remnants of the United Baltic Duchy - §YCity of Riga§!.
Switch to the Republic of Latvia - §YLatvia§!.
Switch to the Second Republic of Estonia - §YEstonia§!.
All £in_combat §RPartisan Uprisings§! will cease.
Modify §H$BAT_mass_mobilization_1$§! by\n§HTowed Artillery§!: $STAT_COMMON_BUILD_COST_IC$[?-0.1|-=%]
Unlocks §YDevolution§! and adds starting §YPolitical Capital§! based on current §YStability§!.
Gain §G1§! §YPolitical Capital§!.\n
We shall draft the §YConstitution of the Baltic Federation§!.\n
This will drift our Constitution towards a semi-constitutional monarchy.
This will drift our Constitution towards a \
The Constitutional Convention will establish a republic.
will modify the §YConstitution§! by:
A unitary system will grant the government greater state control and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A federal system will be a compromise acceptable to most and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A confederal system $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Clinging onto superior Baltic German status will please politicians, but $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This is a compromise acceptable to most which $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
National Personal Autonomy $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Territorial ethnic autonomy $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An upper house of aristocrats $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An appointed upper house will increase the power of the Duke and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An elected upper house is a compromise which will satisfy most and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An upper house which represents the federal provinces will improve stability, but weaken the central government and will $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A corporate meritocratic upper house $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A meritocratic Landtag will strengthen the government, but its undemocratic nature will dent stability.\nThis solution is supported by Paul Schiemann.\nThis $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
A unicameral legislature will strengthen the central government and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the Duke and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the President and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall establish a roughly equal balance of powers and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall establish a roughly equal balance of powers and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
This shall consolidate power in the hands of the Landtag and $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
An abolition of noble privileges $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Entrenched emergency powers for the government $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Removing the government's access to emergency powers $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Freezing key articles of the Constitution for time immemorial $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
Giving the government power to freely change the Constitution $BAT_modify_constitution_by_tt$
§HUpgrades:§!\n      Main Gun: §G2§!\n      Armour: §G2§!\n      Reliability: §G2§!\n      Engine: §G2§!
§HUpgrades:§!\n      Armour: §G4§!\n      Engine: §G4§!
§RThe Land Marshal cannot be removed unless the Duchy faces major political upheaval.§!
§RThe Knight-Captain cannot be removed unless the Duchy faces major political upheaval.§!
§Y<25%§! £pol_violence
§R<25%§! £pol_violence
Average £pol_violence §YResistance§! must be less than §H25%§! to take the decision
Dualism
The antiquated, nightmarish government system of the Duchy and the stubbornness of Chairman von Samson-Himmelstjerna combined have led to a period of §YDualism§! setting in our country. The Democratic Party lacks a majority in the Landtag and has no way of pushing through laws or projects, as they do not have legislative initiative or Landtag dissolution powers, but the conservative controlled Landtag has no way of removing the incumbent Convent from power, as that requires the assent of the Knighthoods and the Duke, not them. A power struggle has thus broken out within the upper echelons of government and needs to be resolved lest our country falls into anarchy.\n\nWhile §YDualism§! is active, it is impossible to gain £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! normally - it may only be gained through £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§!, in which you can make various concessions to parliamentary groups in order to receive their support. You need to receive a specific number of £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! before Duke Adolf Friedrich loses all faith in the liberal dream... while keeping track of your £stability_texticon §YStability§! - should it dip below a certain point, this rotten structure may finally collapse.
The Palace Takes Note
Duke Adolf Friedrich may be a patient man, but even he has limits. If Dualism lasts for long enough, he will put an end to all of our partisan squabbles and restore the forces of reaction to the Convent.
The Landeswehr's Ire
The Baltische Landeswehr is not happy with us putting party over country. If they see that the situation turns critical and no actions against the Forest Brothers are being done, they will act...
Retake the Landtag
Reach out to the Landowners
Reach out to Business
Reach out to the Coalition
Reach out to the Knighthoods
Forest Brothers
A mass insurgency has broken out in the United Baltic Duchy. Hundreds of Latvians and Estonians leave their lives to join the Forest Brothers, an underground partisan resistance organisation with the goal of evicting Baltic German rule from the region once and for all. The continued existence of the Duchy now depends on whether the government and the Baltische Landeswehr will be able to contain the insurgency in time.\n\nThe strength and growth of the Forest Brothers movement is represented by £pol_violence §YResistance§! in Latvian and Estonian states. It may be combatted via normal resistance mechanics or spending £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! to enact anti-partisan measures. Resistance needs to dip below 25 percent for the Forest Brothers uprising to finally recede - should Resistance reach 70 percent, on the other hand, the situation will reach critical mass and lead to the collapse of the Duchy. Additionally, Resistance will increase more rapidly if it climbs above 50.\n\nThe current average £pol_violence §YResistance§! is §R[?BAT_total_resistance|0]%§!, updated every week by §YThe Ticking Clock§! decision.
Expansion from the Vidzeme Base Government
The Ticking Clock
[ROOT.BAT_increase_compliance_decision_name]
Curfews and Intimidation in [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName]
Make Concessions to [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Intellectuals
Crack Down on [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Rebels
Zersetzung
Zersetzung, 'decomposition', is a psychological warfare technique designed by the Baltische Landeswehr, the goal of which is to break captured Latvian and Estonian partisans through abusive control and psychological manipulation.
Adopt Bandenbekämpfung Tactics
Bandenbekämpfung tactics employ practices of massive retribution for partisan activity in afflicted areas, collective punishment, and an infrastructure of permanent guard patrols to make partisan warfare too costly for local inhabitants.
Form Zerstörungsbataillons
Zerstörungsbataillons, 'destruction battalions', are volunteer paramilitary units composed of collaborators among the Latvian and Estonian population to support Baltic German troops with knowledge of the terrain, local language skills, and the illusion that the Forest Brothers conflict is a war of brother against brother.
Uprising Defeated
Ostwallprogramm
Envisioned by the top brass of the Baltische Landeswehr in the late 1920s, the Ostwall ('Eastern Wall') programme is the United Baltic Duchy's response to growing Russian power - a series of fortifications and defensive measures along the eastern border to serve as deterrence and potentially defence against a full frontal offensive towards Riga and Reval. While a costly measure, it is bound to leave the Baltic German state prepared against any attack should it be implemented completely.\n\nDuring the §YOstwallprogramm§!, you are able to construct §YLand Forts§! and gain defence-oriented §YNational Spirits§! by spending various types of £rifle_texticon §YEquipment§!. The Ostwallprogramm is composed of several stages, completing all construction initiatives in a stage will unlock new, advanced and more expensive decisions to unlock. Completing the §YPurchase Material§! National Focus will grant you permanent decisions to purchase Equipment to spend on Ostwall initiatives - or your own army.
Basic Kurland Fortifications
Basic Livland Fortifications
Basic Estland Fortifications
Ostwall Artillery Stations
Establish Repair Stations
Construct Static Anti-Air Guns
Ostwall Anti-Tank Stations
Underground Railroad Networks
Purchase German Rifles
Purchase German Construction Material
Purchase German Artillery
Purchase German Trucks
Purchase German AT Guns
Purchase German AA Guns
[BAT_ostwall_redoubt_name]
Courland Redoubt
Riga-Reval Redoubt
Economic Development
The §YNational Economic Assistance Commission§! must intervene in the affairs of the economy in order to transform the Baltic nation into a modern, industrial powerhouse. Several §YDecisions§! will allow us to construct £infrastructure_texticon §YInfrastructure§! and grant us additional production of £fuel_texticon §YOil§!.
Libau-Riga Railroad
Riga-Reval Railroad
Reval-Dorpat Railroad
Construct Tuckum Airport
The Remnant
The §YCity of Riga§! is the last surviving remnant of the United Baltic Duchy, a republican regime administered by the Riga City Council and supported by German arms. It is ripped at its seams by factions with their own vision of the city's future - those who wish to see it foster as an independent Baltic German city-state, those who wish to reunite the city with the Republic which surrounds it, and those who see an opportunity to finally join the German Empire like the Baltic Germans briefly considered in 1918.
Reclaim our Birthright!
Latvia and Estonia are once again under our control, thus it is time to throw away our identity as a free city and restore the rule of the Baltic Germans over the three Governorates.
The Eastern Crusade
Black Market Small Arms
Conscript German Refugees
Black Market Artillery
Liberate Germany
The New Germany
Old Germany has failed. It falls to the shoulders of the Baltic Germans to ride forth and reconquer the Heimat, in the name of a new, nationally revived Germany.
All army commanders formerly belonging to §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be transferred.\n
Operation Frühlingserwachen
Operation 'Spring Awakening' has been designed by the top brass of our generals as our first plan of action in a war against Latvia. After the Latvian forces have been exhausted, we shall awaken, like an inevitable spring, and march all the way to Wolmar and Libau.
Attack Estonia
Estonia broke itself free from Baltic German rule during the collapse of the United Baltic Duchy, robbing us of Reval and the rest of our birthright. It is time for us to descend upon them and take back what is ours!
Restore German Order
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Syndicalist States§!
Die Ostbewegung
Anschluss by Force
Force [From.GetName] to Submit
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YForce Northern European States to Submit§!
Restore Order in [From.GetNameDef]
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YRestore Order in Eastern Europe§!
Eastern Vanguard of the Germanic Order
Our location and the professional nature of the Baltische Landeswehr gives us a unique role in the defence of the Reichspakt from the East. We have few troops and little industry, but the experience in modern warfare which our officers bring allows us to support our more numerous and better armed allies.\n\nCompleting the §YBaltische Landeswehr§! branch of our Focus Tree unlocks the ability to send £decision_icon_small §YMilitary Missions§! to your allies in Eastern Europe, bringing benefits to both parties. Each Reichspakt member, should a Military Mission be sent to them, gives unique bonuses to you - and they, in turn, receive bonuses to §Y$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$§!, §Y$MODIFIER_PLANNING_SPEED$§! and §Y$MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$§! scaled according to their disparity in §YLand Doctrine§! research. In addition, one of your Generals is transferred to them.\n\nOnly one Military Mission can be sent at any given time.
Mission to [FROM.GetNameDef]
General [?ROOT.BAT_mission_general_@FROM.GetName] will be sent to [FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] to share our expertise and study [FROM.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] [FROM.BAT_military_mission_desc_text].
practice in infantry warfare.
experiments in massed armour.
defence stratagems against Russia.
experience in mass mobilisation.
experience in winter warfare.
military tactics.
Recall General [?ROOT.BAT_mission_general_@FROM.GetName]
Baltische Landeswehr Mission Present
Devolution
The cultural differences of the Baltic Duchy's constituent regions and the weakness of its central government give us only one solution for untangling this byzantine structure - devolving the powers of the government to the regions of Courland, Livland and Estland. Their Land Colleges must be granted additional power to deal with local issues and the central government in Riga turned into a paper one.\n\n§YDevolution§! is a process which allows us to remove the §YByzantine Government§! National Spirit and add a limited amount of State Modifiers to our core states.\nDevolution is accomplished through spending §YPolitical Capital§!. Upon completing the §YAnnounce Devolution§! National Focus, you receive a starting amount of Political Capital equal to one tenth of your £stability_texticon §YStability§!. You can receive some additional Political Capital through subsequent foci.\n\nFoci in the Devolution tree unlock §YDevolution Reforms§!. One point of Political Capital can be spent to implement a Devolution reform in one chosen state:\n§YRitterschule for Every Knighthood§! - §G$MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$§!\n§YDevolved Cultural Policy§! - §GLocal Recruitable Population§!\n§YDevolved Economic Policy§! - §GLocal Building Slots§!\n\nCurrent §YPolitical Capital§!: §G[?BAT_political_capital|0]§!
Devolution in Courland
Devolve Education in Courland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Courland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Courland
Devolution in Livland
Devolve Education in Livland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Livland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Livland
Devolution in Estland
Devolve Education in Estland
Devolve Cultural Policy in Estland
Devolve Economic Affairs in Estland
§H1 PC§!
§R1 PC§!
It costs $BAT_pp_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
§H2 PC§!
§R2 PC§!
It costs $BAT_2_pp_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
Devolution
gains §H$BAT_devolution_1$§!, which grants\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
modifies §H$BAT_devolution_1$§! by\n   $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.2|+=0%]\n
On a Journey
Presumed Dead
\
Puppet Führer
Secret Council
Prominent Jurist
Autocratic Charmer
National Revolutionary
Baltic
Baltic
the Baltic
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
United Baltic Duchy
the United Baltic Duchy
Riga
Rigan
Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Commune of Riga
the Commune of Riga
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Union
the Baltic Union
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic Federation
the Baltic Federation
Baltic State
the Baltic State
Baltic State
the Baltic State
Germany
German
Germany
German Union
the German Union
German Union
the German Union
German Union
the German Union
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German State
the German State
German State
the German State
Max Erwin von Scheubner-Richter
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1884, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLudwig Maximilian Erwin Richter was born to a German musician in Riga, adding the second last name \
Helmuth Stegman
Born to a former senior surveyor of the city of Riga, Helmuth Stegman acquired an education in law during the dying days of the Russian Empire. Working as a civil servant in his home town during the German occupation. The foundation of the United Baltic Duchy did little to affect his career. He acquired the lawyer's licence he wanted, worked both as a lawyer and a judge, and advanced to the Riga City Council. A political party gathered itself around him, the Baltic German State Party, a legalistic conservative movement limited to the city of Riga. Mobilising a large portion of the upper and middle class electorate propelled him to the position of Mayor, a position he's held for the past several years.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BAT_helmuth_stegman_desc_body$\n\nA legalistic mind, Stegman believed in thorough reform to the Baltic Duchy according to the rule of law. Throughout the years, he has submitted several projects for a constitution to the Duchy. Though none of them were approved, Riga would serve as his ground for experimentation. He reformed the horrific landscape of the Rigan legal system, ushered in a sense of stability and brought greater popular representation to the Rigaer Rat, granting him the respect of the people and allowing Riga to course through the collapse of the Duchy in one piece. A besieged, isolated Riga is something he could not predict, however. As the greatest challenge to the Baltic German nation arises, the Mayor is forced to put on a stern frown and guide its remnant, promising a bright tomorrow despite the fear in his heart.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BAT_helmuth_stegman_desc_body$§!
Wilhelm Munter
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1898, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGotthard Wilhelm Nikolai Munter was born to a mixed Estonian-Baltic German middle class family in Riga, growing up during the last days of the Russian Empire. Alongside the rest of the Riga Polytechnic, he was evacuated to Russia, and later recruited into the Imperial Russian Army. Inducted into the Cadet Corps, Munter was among the first to resist the October Revolution in Petrograd - sadly the sheer numbers of the revolutionaries proved too much to resist. The German soldier was imprisoned, but managed to escape through connections to the Baltics. Soon, he returned to German-occupied Riga. There, having finally found rest, Munter completed his studies in chemistry and applied to join the foreign office of the United Baltic Duchy. Throughout the post-Weltkrieg period, he became increasingly drawn to the Democratic Party and its reformist ideals. Though he never officially became a member, he became regarded as the leader of its liberal coalition in Riga.\n\nPersonality wise, Munter has been almost universally regarded as ambitious, unprincipled, and with an affinity towards intrigue. Lacking social tact and softness, he considers sentiment to be foreign to him. To Munter, emotional people are weak, insignificant dreamers and everyone he meets can only be classified into two categories - those who are useful and those who are useless. His opponents are numerous, but even those who know him well doubt he has any friends at all.§!
The Inner Circle
§YBackground:§! §LThe Inner Circle. Shadowy. Ominous. And as of late, all-powerful - at least within the borders of the Baltic State. While the Baltic Brotherhood has long consolidated its hold over the government, its senior leadership preferred to stay in the background and instead allowed for Count Rüdiger von der Goltz to serve as their eager figurehead. With the Count's recent passing however, the Brotherhood has lost its nominal leader. There were some brief fears of a power struggle, not unlike the ones in 1935. However, over a decade later, Otto von Kursell's grip on the organisation remains strong and the Führender Bruder (Leading Brother) and his Ostbewegung faction have ensured a quiet transition of power. The Regency for the long-sequestered Duke Adolf Friedrich of Mecklenburg has passed on to a small council.\n\nWhile specific details about the defacto leadership of the Circle remain sparse, and many have risen and fallen over the course of the decade, from an outsider's perspective the leading members are believed to include the aforementioned Chairman of the Convent von Kursell and General von Manteuffel-Szoege of the Landeswehr. This reactionary, German supremacist circle have worked tirelessly to militarise their nation and centralise the state. Given the circumstances, hope remains faint that there will be political liberalisation in the future, and life is expected to remain the same as it was under von der Goltz's reign.§!
Adolf Friedrich
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1873, in Schwerin, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne could hardly find a place in the world which Adolf Friedrich, the first and only Duke of the United Baltic Duchy, has not seen. An erudite veteran of the Prussian Cuirassiers, a passionate hunter and an avid car racer. Adolf undertook personal pilgrimages to the Middle East, East Asia and Africa, travelling thousands of kilometres on foot and horseback. Africa and its lush wildlife hold a special place in his heart, however - he's crossed Africa from east to west, left his name upon a volcano in East Africa. Ultimately, he landed a job as the Governor of Togoland before the Weltkrieg. While definitely not a soft administrator, Adolf Friedrich displayed great interest in the lives and culture of the Togolese natives, even taking the time to learn the Ewe language.\n\nAt the end of the Weltkrieg, his experience and prestige among the German upper class led to Adolf von Pilchau's Regency Council offering the throne of the United Baltic Duchy to him. Adolf Friedrich agreed and arrived in Riga in spring of 1919, where he announced that he shall safeguard the ancient rights and privileges of the Baltic nobility, as well as do everything in his power to be a good ruler. For the most part, Duke Adolf Friedrich is a passive monarch who dedicates his institution to patronage of the arts, sciences, and sports. He's recognised as the best race car driver in the entire Duchy, surpassing all of his fellow fans of the sport. Years of experience have given him plenty of political acumen, however. Recognising the weakness of his new realm, he's begun to speak out more often, expressing the need for reform.§!
Rüdiger von der Goltz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1865, in Züllichau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Graf von der Goltz is the most powerful a non-Baltic German has ever managed to become in the United Baltic Duchy, arguably even greater than Duke Adolf Friedrich himself. A descendant of a honoured Prussian noble family with a history of military officers, von der Goltz had a long and bountiful career in the Imperial German Army even before the Weltkrieg, during which he was a division commander respected on the Western and Eastern Fronts alike. In 1918, he became the General Staff's primary asset in relations with its Eastern regions - early that year, he was sent to Finland as a representative of the German forces and promptly took control of the state as a dictator. When that became untenable, he was reassigned to the Baltic Duchy, where he laid down the foundations for the Baltische Landeswehr. The army of the Duchy owes everything to von der Goltz, and he knows that.\n\nAn aristocrat by blood and personality, the Graf has little patience for democracy and the squabbling liberals in the Landtag. While many of his fellow German veterans who helped found the Baltische Landeswehr ultimately returned to Germany, von der Goltz stayed, knowing that not only will the Duchy require his services yet again, but that he will be able to take advantage of the situation and finally rise beyond a mere chief of staff of the Landeswehr.§!
Harry Lutz
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1900, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Riga, Harry Lutz joined the Baltische Landeswehr in 1919 and served in the Latvian and Estonian wars with distinction. During the war, he gained a reputation for reckless, impromptu tactics on the field and a reliance on small unit tactics - one of his most well known feats is assaulting a fortified Estonian village with a heavy machine-gun alongside a small party of men, advancing despite facing a rain of bullets, seizing the village, the machine gun, and several captives without a single ally lost. He has remained in the army after the war, promoting a doctrine of autonomy, small unit tactics, and fireteam organisation to turn the Landeswehr into a force of elite soldiers.§!
Wessel von Loringhoven
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1899, in Groß Born, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Freiherr of the famous noble family of von Loringhoven, Wessel has had an easy path through life. Immediately upon graduation, he joined the Baltische Landeswehr as a volunteer and was almost instantly promoted to a commanding officer, his regiment proceeded to wage war against the Latvians and Estonians. He continued to rapidly rise through the ranks of the military in the following years, becoming a trusted accomplice of Graf von der Goltz and a respected commander in his own right. Though his ascent is largely credited to his blood relations with Axel von Freytagh-Loringhoven, an influential member of the Baltic Knighthoods, he holds enough talent to justify his high ranking regardless.§!
Ernst Gustav Heimert von Nolcken
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1899, in Arensburg, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron Ernst Gustav Heimert von Nolcken was one of numerous Baltic Germans to serve in the officer corps of the Imperial Russian Army - he fought alongside the Russians in the Mariupol 4th Hussar Regiment in particular. The Russian Civil War swept him up and he continued his service as a part of Bulak-Balachowicz's army and the Northern Corps of the White Forces. When the war concluded, he returned to his homeland and pledged his allegiance to the United Baltic Duchy - and brought his expertise in the art of mounted warfare with him. Baron von Nolcken is considered to be one of the best horse riders in the Baltische Landeswehr and has earned awards in numerous equestrian competitions.§!
Heinrich von Behr
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1902, in Rönnen, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron Heinrich von Behr was born to the von Behr lineage, a Curonian noble family with close ties to numerous branches scattered across the German cultural sphere. At the age of 17, he volunteered for the Baltische Landeswehr, fought in Germany and chose to tie his future with the military. After completing officer courses, he continued his studies in Germany, where he became attracted to the prospect of manoeuvre warfare, based upon massed armour and the motorisation of infantry. Ever since he returned to Riga and gained his deserved commission, he has continued to promote this innovative doctrine.§!
Constantin von Weiss
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1877, in Tsarskoye Selo, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe oldest commander in the Baltische Landeswehr, Constantin von Weiss was born to a family of Baltic German generals - originally commoners, who earned themselves a listing in the Adelsmatrikel of the Estonian Knighthood in the 19th century. He decided to follow the path of his father, enrolled for the Page Corps of the Imperial Russian Army, and served in the 4th Life Guards Regiment. After fighting in the Weltkrieg, he returned to the family estate in Estonia in 1917, only to be swept up by the Estonian War of Independence. von Weiss volunteered for the Landeswehr and commanded forces against the Estonians during the last months of the war, then decided to stay in the army a little longer. Though definitely experienced, the General lacks compared to his younger, more innovative peers.§!
Hans von Manteuffel-Szoege
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1894, in Kapseden, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBaron von Manteuffel-Szoege's military career started before the formation of the United Baltic Duchy. Upon the breakout of the Weltkrieg, he, a student in Heidelberg, Germany, chose to enrol for the Imperial German Army, despite his nation's allegiance to Russia at the time, and achieved the rank of Lieutenant in the Bavarian Uhlans. Thanks to this experience and clear loyalty to the German cause, he became one of the first members of the General Staff of the Baltische Landeswehr in November of 1918. An active, reckless leader, he commanded an elite unit of Weltkrieg veterans against the Estonian and Latvian rebellions, often leading his men from the front lines without an ounce of hesitation.\n\nBy the end of the war, Manteuffel's prestige among the Baltic Germans was untold and his status as a war hero cemented. Manteuffel himself took a lunge towards the far right, however. Invited by his brother Georg, a member of the organisation's inner circle, he was inducted into the Baltic Brotherhood, and turned into a devout follower of its nationalist, pan-German, and reactionary beliefs. To the Brotherhood, he is an example of the legacy of Teutonic knighthood remaining to this day, a real hero on the battlefield. It remains to be seen whether Manteuffel gets to propel his Brothers into the power they always desired...§!
Otto Goldfeld
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1889, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOtto Goldfeld is a unique case in the Baltische Landeswehr, a Reich German who serves and fights among his Baltic peers as if he were one of them. Born in Hamburg, he served as a cavalry officer in the Imperial German Army during the Weltkrieg and arrived in the Baltics under the orders of the high command, to help form the cavalry forces of the United Baltic Duchy. He was not the only one, but he was one of the few who took a liking to this brave new land and decided to stay. Goldfeld is known as compassionate, friendly, and apologetic towards the Latvian population, whose culture he has taken a great liking of and has even defended in the Rigaische Zeitung.§!
Hermann von Salza
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1885, in Haapsalu, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Archibald von Keyserling
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1882, in Grobiņa, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Adam Friedrich von Gernet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1878, in Kiwidepäh, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Friedrich von Samson-Himmelstjerna
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1872, in Reuge, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Axel von Freytagh-Loringhoven
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1878, in Arensburg, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Otto von Kursell
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1884, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Edwin Magnus
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1888, in Libau, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Ewald Ammende
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1893, in Pernau, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Arno Schickedanz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 27th, 1892, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Paul Schiemann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1876, in Mitau, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Heinrich von Stackelberg
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1905, in Moscow, Moscow Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Wilhelm Robert von Bulmerincq
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1862, in Rengel, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Baltische Landeswehrkommission
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 11th, 1918, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Rolf von Ungern-Sternberg
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1880, in Reval, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Hermann von Keyserling
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1880, in Könno, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Adolf Constantin Pilar von Pilchau
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1885, in Sauck, Governorate of Estonia, Russian Empire§!
Bernhard Bielenstein
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1877, in Doblen, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Wolf Kirstein
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1887, in Sagnitz, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Gerhard Buschmann
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1910, in Poltava, Poltava Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Walter Zapp
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1905, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
