Dominion of India Focus Tree
INC (Maximists)
Indian National Congress (Maximists)
INC (Left)
Indian National Congress (Left)
INC (Agrarians)
Indian National Congress (Agrarians)
INC (Centre)
Indian National Congress (Centre)
AIHRP
All-India Home Rule Party
Liberals
National Liberal Federation of India
Unionists
Unionist Party
Council of Princes
Council of Princes
Indian Army
Indian Army
Hindu Mahasabha
Hindu Mahasabha
AISCF
All-India Scheduled Castes Federation
Bombay Pact
(£KR_game_rule_flag_PRF §YPrincely Federation§!) Opinion of £KR_game_rule_flag_RAJ §YDominion of India§! §G+200§!\n(£KR_game_rule_flag_RAJ §YDominion of India§!) Opinion of £KR_game_rule_flag_PRF §YPrincely Federation§! §G+200§!
§RThis will lead to war with the Dominion.§!
§RThis will lead to our annexation.§!
(§Y[RAJ.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_one_tt$
§MThis will remove 100 days from the Black Monday national spirit!§!
§9Philip Walhouse Chetwode will step down as chief of the Indian Army.§!
§9Philip Walhouse Chetwode will remain as chief of the Indian Army until reunification has been achieved.§!
§9We will add the §SAll-India Scheduled Castes Federation§! to a coalition.§!
The §m$RAJ_market_liberal_party_long$§! is led by §Y$RAJ_mukund_ramrao_jayakar$§!.
The §m$RAJ_market_liberal_party_long$§! is led by §Y$RAJ_tej_bahadur_sapru$§!.
§9After 6 months, whoever has the most party popularity will be elected.§!
§9The §mNational Liberal Federation of India§! are projected to win the elections!§!
§9The §lAll-India Home Rule Party§! are projected to win the elections!§!
§9The §cUnionist Party§! are projected to win the elections!§!
Chetwode has retired
The §mNational Liberal Federation of India§! are in government
The §lAll-India Home Rule Party§! are in government
The §cUnionist Party§! are in government
The Bombay Pact
In the aftermath of the Indian revolution the southern princes, fearing the complete collapse of the old order to the tidal wave of socialism, chose to declare independence from British India as a united federation. [HND.GetNameDefCap] would however refuse to recognise this declaration, and would continue their attempts to take the south regardless. This overextension would allow British Indian troops to reorganise in the west, assuaging fears of their collapse, and eventually bring the war to a stalemate and subsequent uneasy ceasefire. Despite [PRF.GetNameDef]'s declaration of independence, both sides would quickly realise that they would have to work together to in the event of the war's resumption.\n\nWhile informal cooperation continued in the interim years, the increased militancy of the socialists would see the signing of a formal defensive alliance in 1933 known as the Bombay Pact. As part of this alliance, both parties agreed to greatly expand the ongoing military cooperation between them, and laid out promises to come to each other's aid in the event of any renewed socialist incursions.\n\nImportantly however, no official recognition of the Federation's independence or plans as to how India shall be reorganised if [HND.GetNameDef] were to be defeated was agreed upon.\n§RIt is therefore widely believed that upon the defeat of the socialists in Calcutta, the Bombay Pact will simply devolve into further conflict between its two signatories§!.
Widespread Rural Poverty
Even before the revolution and subsequent civil war, India was a nation filled with great poverty, with its largely agrarian population significantly more destitute than those in other nations under the British crown. Combined now with the devastation of the civil war, India finds itself shockingly backwards compared to many of its contemporaries.
Power of the Princes
The Dominion of India was only able to remain in government thanks to the loyalty of the northern princes. They share power with the government, but it is a difficult and archaic process that involves a great deal of waste.
Indian Expeditionary Force
While unable to fully commit their entire armies to the war, the leadership of the Entente alliance have organised a large expeditionary force in order to aid the Dominion of India in the resumed Indian civil war.
Effects of Black Monday
The crash of the Berlin Stock Exchange has formally hit our economy. This has resulted in a dearth of exports for our agricultural and industry and a blow to the integrity of the government.
Agricultural Tariffs Imposed
To better protect our domestic base, rough tariffs on all imported agricultural products have been imposed.
Improved Wage Standards
In an attempt to stabilise both the economy and the political situation, the Dominion of India has passed The Payment of Wages Act to protect workers from unfair wage practices.
Industrialisation Drive
In an effort to bring our industrial base up to modern standards, the government has announced a special focus on industrialisation. The effects of this, however, are likely to slowly strengthen the support bases of the Indian Liberal Party and the All-India Home Rule Party.
Karachi Strike
In reaction to unpaid wages and the threat of layoffs, dockworkers in the Dominion's staple port of Karachi have begun largescale strikes. Hoping to force the government to concede to labour protections, trade through the port has come to an almost complete halt, with fishing ports like Damb being hastily repurposed to handle the most urgent of shipments.
Increased Mobilisation Efforts
Although the smallest of the rival governments that formed as a result of the Indian Civil War, the Dominion's army remains able to compete with those of its enemies, and it has begun large campaigns to ensure it is able to continue to remain as large as them.
Expanded Gurkha Rifles
The Gurkha Rifle regiments are being heavily invested in with the aim of developing more elite and professional units for the army.
Empowered Young Guard
With the retirement of former Commander-In-Chief Philip Walhouse Chetwode, the reformist Young Guard of the Dominion's army have come to dominate doctrinal discussions. They advocate for an army based around mobility, relying on assistance from their allies in the Entente to give them the advantage over their rivals.
Nascent Motor Industry
India has always lacked a native industry for producing automobiles, especially with the devastation of the civil war scaring off any outside investment into the industry. Now however, with direct military contracts from the Dominion's armed forces, motor companies have begun to establish operations in Lahore to serve the Dominion's desire for military vehicles.
Immovable Objects
As part of their attempts to establish a proper tank force, the Dominion's army has elected to focus on heavily armoured vehicles, believing that these slow moving behemoths will give them the advantage they need.
Immortal Bulwarks
$RAJ_immovable_objects_idea_desc$
Unstoppable Forces
As part of their attempts to establish a proper tank force, the Dominion's army has elected to focus on light and fast tanks, believing that this speed will give them a major advantage compared to more heavily armoured vehicles.
Steel Dragoons
$RAJ_unstoppable_forces_idea_desc$
The Pragmatic Approach
Rather than give way to the Young Guard, the Governor General has reaffirmed his confidence in Commander-In-Chief Philip Walhouse Chetwode's leadership of the Dominion's army. It is hoped that the same tactics that stopped the complete destruction of the Raj so many years ago will now lead its successor to rise up from the ashes.
Indian Martial Culture
Attempting to emulate the successes of the Gurkhas in the Indian Army, the Dominion's armed forces have begun a major push to further reform brigades of the so-called \
Streamlined Small Arms Production
The loss of Ishapore during the Indian Revolution was a great blow to the British forces, and in the interwar many smaller facilities were established as substitutes for the lost plant. These hobbled together factories have long been recognised as unoptimised and ramshackle, and so as part of reform efforts these facilities have been nationalised in attempts to streamline and optimise their production of small arms.
The Chetwode Motto
$RAJ_the_pragmatic_approach_desc$
The Most Feared Army of the Entente
$RAJ_the_pragmatic_approach_desc$
Subsidised Domestic Air Industry
As part of their push to turn the Dominion's airforce into a major force to be reckoned with, significant subsidies have been issued for aircraft companies throughout the commonwealth to establish factories in India to hopefully allow a native air industry to properly develop.
Deconceptualise Their Logistics
With most of their rivals in Asia lacking the ability to defend against strikes from bombers, the Dominion's airforce has further refined and expanded their bombing capabilities, aiming to disrupt enemy supply lines and destroy their logistical networks.
Improved Interservice Coordination
As part of their airforce expansion, the Dominion has assigned dedicated coordinators to act as go between for its army and its airforce, with the goal of better coordinating aerial bombardment with attacks by their ground troops.
Domination of the Skies
The Dominion's airforce has recognised the major role of aerial supremacy in modern warfare, and have begun great training programs to hopefully produce the most skilled fighter pilots they can field, as well as engineering schemes to further hone the fighting abilities of their planes.
The Indian Continental Airforce
The fruits of the major investments into the Dominion's airforce have at last been harvested, with the force now one of the most premier in the world. Few can expect to come up against it and walk away still standing, let alone victorious.
The Entente Lifeline
Aid from their allies overseas has been vital for the Dominion for over a decade, and with uncertainty on the horizon there has been a major push to expand this aid to ensure that the Dominion does not fall to its adversaries.
Indian Special Boat Section
Marines have long been recognised as one of the most important parts of an army, one especially useful in much of the terrain in India and the surrounding nations. To this end, the Dominion has ordered the establishment of a proper permanent marine unit, hoping that these special forces will cut through any foe that is thrown at them.
Acceleration of Naval Buildup
With the Dominion desperate for new ships to meet naval demands, significant resources have been diverted from the regular production lines to produce parts for new ships instead as a temporary measure.
The Indian Armada
As part of their efforts to assert supremacy across the entire Indian Ocean, the Dominion has opted to focus on battleships and other large vessels, aiming to overwhelm their foes with superior firepower.
Aerial Conquest of the Sea
As part of their efforts to assert supremacy across the entire Indian Ocean, the Dominion has opted to focus on carrier vessels, believing that the dominance of naval aircraft will be vital in securing naval control.
Reconstruction of India
For the second time this century, India has found itself devastated by the horrors of civil war, with major cities and towns now little more than a shell of their former selves. Unlike last time however, India has found itself united once more, and it is hoped that with enough time and effort it can at last recover from this destruction.
Resistance to Reunification
Even with the nation now unified, there are many within India who refuse to recognise the authority of the new government, resisting attempts to restore order in any way they can. While unlikely to ever pose an organised threat against their rule, crushing this dissent must be made a priority by [ROOT.GetNameDef], whether through reconciliation or repression.
India Restored!
After years and years of death and destruction, the Indian people have at last seen the light at the end of the tunnel. The streets that were once filled with rubble are now bustling with activity, the farms filled with craters now see crops spring forth, and the factories that were once little more than scrap now see their lines whirring up once more.
The New Dawn
Even with the great devastation India has suffered, its people have refused to give up and wallow in their dearth. Great efforts have been made to not only restore what has been lost, but to build on top of the ruins, carving out a new dawn for the Indian nation.
Growing Middle Class
Through our economic programme, the middle class of India has slowly but surely been growing.
Flourishing Middle Class
Through our economic programme, the middle class of India has flourished tremendously!
Standardised Civil Code
A unified civil code has been implemented across India, ensuring Indians of all walks are subject to the same laws.
Secularised Administration
Religion has been excised from any involvement in government, relegating the pluralism of the previous administration to the past.
Illiberal Democracy
Despite nominally being a democracy, there is no universal suffrage, and the future for its expansion is very, very bleak.
Torch of Liberalism
The Dominion is the torch of liberalism across all of Asia, setting an example for other democratic nations and movements across the continent!
Towards Social Justice
The government has adopted a programme of social justice, ensuring fairness and upliftment are a priority in the governance of the nation.
Support of the Princes
The princes enthusiastically support our government, for our policies are benefiting them greatly.
Granted Female Suffrage
The women of the Dominion have been enfranchised, acquiring the right to vote and formally being invited to take part in the political arena. While the vast majority of women are still de facto unable to vote due to existing legislation surrounding enfranchisement for all Indians, those who belong to wealthy families/own land are now given a fair shot at having their voices heard.
The Confederal Dominion
The provinces and states of India have been given greater autonomy, so as to ensure Muslim provinces are minimally inflicted upon by a potential Hindu federal government, and vice versa.
A Mixed Economy
Rejecting the economics of the West, which hardly translate well to Indian life, a mixed economy has been implemented to ensure greater equity across the nation.
The Dominion Reborn
The Dominion of today is vastly different from the Dominion of yesterday. India is reborn, and energised for the trials that lie ahead.
Support from the Elites
The elites of India are crucial powerbrokers, playing the biggest role in electoral politics and policy implementation. With their support, our ability to govern is greatly increased.
Sikhistan Autonomy
The Sikhistan Autonomy is a specially designated division in India, giving the Sikh majority more say in how their day-to-day lives are governed.
Loyalty to the Commonwealth
The Commonwealth were the ones who granted India democracy, who helped save it from the clutches of princely absolutism and socialist dogmatism. Our loyalty to the Entente is not just quid-pro-quo; it is our moral duty.
Entrenched Pluralism
Future governments will now find it to be a terribly difficult task to undo the work that the Unionists have put in to ensure that India's governance and legislation are carried out with pluralist values.
Economy at the Rural Level
Economic policy is handled with rural agrarian needs at the forefront of consideration. The farmers shall never find themselves left behind in favour of the industrial cities.
Masters of India
Through the frontlines of the chambers and in the civil war, it is us that mastered the diverse Indian political field and reformed the nation in our vision.
Exotic Exports
Due to our investments in local industries, exotic goods have seen increased export, thus bringing in revenue to our great nation.
Exotic Exports
Due to our investments in local industries, exotic goods have seen increased export, thus bringing in revenue to our great nation.
Modernise Madura's Roads
The roads in the province of Madura are derelict, to say the least. Villages in the mountains are connected by haphazard pathways and what paved roads there are are already crumbling. Bringing it all up to modern standards is an utter necessity, to say the least.
Resume the Bristow Plan
Robert Bristow is a harbour engineer who developed a highly ambitious plan to expand the Port of Cochin in the early 1920s, though none of this came to fruition due to financial constraints and then the disaster of the Indian Revolution. Now that Travancore has been returned to the fold, we can begin restructuring the port as per Bristow's ideas.
Man Singh's Buildup Plan
The Maharaja of Jaipur, Sawai Man Singh II, has developed a massive urban development plan for his now reclaimed princedom. Unable to cover the costs by himself, he has requested some financial aid from the government.
Rebuild the Manchester of India
Ahmadabad, nicknamed the \
Expand the Singareni Collieries
The Singareni Collieries Company is a major coal mining company in the state and surrounding regions of Hyderabad. It is prudent that we make sure that not only this vital industry survives, but flourishes.
Chota Nagpur Plateau Electrification
The Chota Nagpur Plateau is a major region in central India, one that has lagged behind in electrification efforts in the past few decades. A thorough construction and connection plan will see this geographic locale brought up to modern standards
Bringing Power to Baluchistan
Baluchistan is one of the most backward provinces in the entire Dominion, if not perhaps the most decentralised and neglected. Through a sweeping electrification effort, we shall see it finally brought to the 20th century after decades of languishing.
Expand the Sharda Canal System
The Sharda Canal System is a major irrigation network in Oudh dedicated to improving agricultural survivability in the region, though there are still major flaws in the network. Through a considerable expansion effort, these flaws shall be mitigated and the subsistence/cash crop farms in the region shall then truly flourish.
Unleash Andhra's Fishing Industry
Andhra is the home of one of the most prolific fishing industries on the entire globe. Capitalising on this will be most fruitious for our economic output.
Support Berar's Oilseed Export
The cash-crop industry in Berar has a focus on oilseeds, primarily Sesamum. The civil war laid devastation upon farmers in the region, but by supporting their reconstruction efforts we will make great strides in restoring this agricultural sector.
Impending Election
The first election since the reunification of India is due to be held, one that will surely shape the future of the Dominion for the rest of the century.
The Infrastructure Act of 1936
The state of the roads in the mountains of Kashmir and the Thar desert are inadequate, to put it mildly. The Infrastructure Act shall allocate support and funds to improve key roadways in these locations.
The Relief of Indebtedness Act
The legal framework around debt payments is nebulous and abused by many banks and lenders. Even worse, in the wake of Black Monday, the system has been abused and many people are having land and crops confiscated due to unpaid debts, alleged or otherwise. The Relief of Indebtedness Act will establish proper debt conciliation boards and provide better protection for debtors, providing more stability to our ailing economy.
The State Aid to Industries Act
At the moment, our government does not have enough of an ability to provide direct support to our suffering industries and agriculture. The State Aid to Industries Act will provide a proper legal framework for us to provide aid via loans to individual industries, further mending the bleeding wounds of Black Monday.
Reinforce the Western Coal Industry
The far west frontier of Baluchistan and Quetta have wealthy reserves of coal, reserves we are yet to fully exploit. We shall ensure these mines have the funding and security to continue operations for the good of our raw material industry.
Promote the Kashmir Sericulture Industry
Sericulture refers to the method of raising silkworms for the production of raw silk, and the cultivation of mulberry trees to feed them. In the late 19th century, the silk industry eclipsed the Kashmir Shawl industry in export value, making it the region's most important industry. Promoting it will greatly enhance the state's economic value.
Incentivise Kangra Tea Cultivation
Kangra Tea was a once proud crop cultivated in the Kangra Valley, grown in both black and green varieties. The 1905 Kangra earthquake devastated the region and resulted in the British selling off the plantations. Since then, production of the tea is an utter shell of what it once was. We must incentivise its cultivation to improve the region's economic value.
Incorporate the Liberal Economic Platform
The National Liberal Federation of India has long advocated for the opening of our economic doors to international interests, rather than pursuing the protectionist economics that the Unionist Party platform supports. In the wake of our damaged trading sphere, perhaps we should heed their advocacy and attempt to attract investment from the international community.
Champion the Unionist Tariff Policy
The farms of the countryside have found themselves suffering immensely at the ramifications of Black Monday. To promote our domestic food economy in the wake of our slowed exports, we must champion the Unionist policy of protectionist economics, and draw more funds to our treasury in the process.
Authorise Forced Labour Coercion
The strike at the Port of Karachi is turning an already terrible economic crisis worse. We must send a message to these Syndicalist agitators that such nonsense will not be tolerated, and authorise the use of force to break up strikes and return order to our vital industrial centres.
The Payment of Wages Act
We must temper the anger of the employed lower class by providing superior protections to the stability of their wages. The Payment of Wages Act will clearly define when an employer can and can not deduct a worker's wages, and additionally constrict the percentage that they can deduct.
Prepare the Industrial Machine
Our industry is in a truly sorry state, leaving our production force inadequately prepared to handle a reignition of war with our adversaries in the Indian subcontinent. We must make great haste and pursue a hefty industrialisation scheme to ensure we can out-produce and out-gun anyone we face!
Modernise the Indian Army
The army of the Dominion, while certainly nothing to gawk at, is showing its wrinkles and is in need of further inspection and modernisation. If we are to survive the onslaughts of the Bharatiya People's Republic, and perhaps even the perfidious Afghans, we must ensure the army is not caught lacking.
The Rails of the Frontline
Wars are won with superior supply-lines. It is paramount that we make sure our troops on the frontlines are receiving enough equipment to sustain our military ventures. We will also refit an armoured carriage and create a rail gun to surprise and shock our immediate opponents, who have railway connections with us.
Update Aging Equipment
Much of our army's equipment is old, dating back to the days of the Weltkrieg and even before. We will make an effort to optimise the research of new modern equipment.
Expand the Gurkha Rifles
The fiercest and most respected regiments across the globe come from the Gurkhas, professional fighters who have been in the service of the Indian Army for generations. We must capitalise on their strength and expand their recruitment and share in our army, for they shall be our most dexterous piece on the chessboard of the battlefield!
Expand Command and Staff College Quetta
Command and Staff College Quetta is a prestigious military university, one which is sure to train the next generation of military officers. By granting them more funding, we shall see to the construction of a new research wing and a brighter future for the military of the Dominion.
Advanced Land Warfare Innovations
It has come to our attention that there have been many breakthroughs in the art of land warfare that are awaiting the funding and capacity to pursue to their most efficient extent. We shall give ourselves an edge over the enemy by endorsing the efforts of our tacticians and researchers.
Ideas of the Young Guard
The \
Rectify Disorderly Communications
Communications between our units is shoddy and rife with inadequate methods and a lack of proper equipment. We should rectify this so that this aspect of our army is brought up to professional standards.
Elevated Engineering Methods
The role of the engineering corps is underappreciated and underutilised. We will expand their role in our divisions and create unbreakable defensive lines against our enemies.
New Training Initiatives
Training standards in the army are shoddy and highly dated. We shall review our drills and establish brand new methods and initiatives so that our troops are properly equipped for the battlefield.
Motorise the Sowars
Cavalry is a far outmoded form of combat, now that mechanisation and tank warfare are in undeniable vogue among the western nations. We shall motorise our cavalry units and promote the use of trucks for purposes of warfare.
Expand the Dominion's Military Industry
India's military industry might not quite be at the tremendous power of nations like Germany or Russia, but we can certainly plant the seeds for one that shall some day make for a formidable equal. The motor industry is a good start, and we shall grant subsidies where appropriate to foster a proper home-grown industry.
Immovable Objects
The most effective tanks on the battlefield are monoliths which strike fear into a soldier's heart when they catch a glimpse of them on the horizon. Strong, heavy tanks shall be the backbone of our armoured corps.
Immortal Bulwarks
The Indian armoured corps shall present themselves upon the battlefield as colossi of war, mammoths of steel who shall be known across the world as the vehicle of choice for the grim reaper. An Indian tank must be one that can never be balked at.
Unstoppable Forces
Lightweight tanks are the most efficient, cost-wise and speed-wise, providing for excellent encirclement opportunities and overwhelming enemy lines with ease. They will be the foundation of our armoured corps.
Steel Dragoons
The Steel Dragoons of India shall cut across our enemies like knives through butter, leaving them disoriented and panicked. Our tank commanders will be able to hang their heads high, for they shall carry themselves virtuously and return home as legendary heroes.
Maintain Chetwode's Primacy
Philip Walhouse Chetwode's pragmatic approach to warfare on the Indian continent is the only one which the Dominion will be able to reasonably sustain. The unrealistic concepts of young upstarts must remain just as that, concepts.
The Honourable Sowars
The Sowars are the best cavalrymen on the entire continent of Asia. We will grant the veterans of these regiments high honours and expand their role in our army as cost-effective manoeuvrers.
The Indelible Role of Artillery
The role of artillery in warfare is undeniably tremendous, capable of taking down planes, tanks, fortresses, and enemy lines with relative ease. We must utilise them to our best ability.
Streamlined Small Arms Production
The production of small arms in the Dominion is currently not adequate enough to keep up with the needs of a continent-spanning war. We will streamline their production so that we should never be without a rifle in our hands.
The Chetwode Motto
\
Promote a Martial Culture
To increase the prestige of the military and the people's willingness to fight against enemies on our borders and beyond, we should promote a martial culture much like that of the Gurkhas. A simple propaganda campaign will be a great start to this end.
Improve Our Support Companies
Our support companies play a vital role in augmenting our divisions and propelling them to an advantage against the enemy. We shall initiate improvements where necessary and ensure they're a cut above the rest!
The Most Feared Army of the Entente
The Indian army is one which you see marching over the hills, whose bullets blot out the sun and leave all those who dare oppose or cross it wishing they had never, ever done so. The Indian Army shall be the greatest weapon of the Entente and the kingmaker of the battlefield!
Refurbish the Indian Air Force
In the face of potential competition controlling the skies of India when we are at war, it should be our imperative to make sure the airforce is in tip-top shape.
India Rules the Radio Waves
It is modern technology that shall define the victors of the future! If Britannia shall rule the waves, then India shall rule the radio waves!
Aerial Transports
Greater logistics and the potential to drop entire divisions behind enemy lines make transport planes quite possibly the most lucrative investment for our air capabilities.
The Winged Pegasi of India
Parachuting brigades hold the capability to damage supply lines, take entire cities and scramble the cohesion of enemy lines. Such a chess move will undoubtedly deplete the enemy's organisation.
Improve Our Air Defences
The threat of bomber fleets terrorising our precious industrial sectors is truly harrowing. Constructing air defences at our capital and other key locations will mitigate any potential disasters which may rain from the skies.
Subsidise the Domestic Air Industry
Industrialists such as Jehangir Dadabhoy Tata and Nevill Vintcent have made great inroads into the establishment of an Indian air industry with the advent of Tata airlines. Supporting their efforts would be a most enterprising endeavour.
Deconceptualise Their Logistics
Logistics serve as the most crucial deciding factor in an army's strength. It is thus necessary that the enemy be deprived of such things to such a degree that they might as well have never possessed such capabilities in the first place.
Interservice Coordination Effort
By standardising coordination efforts between forces on the ground and in the air, our advance on enemy lines shall be equally majestic as it will be terrifying.
Dominate the Skies
Wise nations do not only hold absolute dominion over the land and sea, they also see the importance of mastering their skies. Controlling the air covers a three dimensional flank and provides an enormous advantage.
Birds of Prey
The conduct of our servicemen in the skies shall be as elegant as it will be merciless. We shall descend upon our adversaries as a hawk descends upon its weak prey!
The Indian Continental Airforce
Our airforce does not only hold power over mere regions and areas, it controls an entire continent. Indians across the nation can look to the skies and shed a tear in pride, knowing no other nation matches our power projection.
From the Indus to the Sea
Is that grand expanse of water beyond our shorelines not named the \
The Ganga Strategy
We mustn't let the many torrential rivers of India stymy our advances. Through careful pre-planning and innovative strategies, crossing a river shall become no more difficult than stepping over a pebble.
Prioritise Naval Assaults
Our marine forces constitute some of our most elite units. We shall take great advantage of their prowess, and make great use of their power!
Acquire Bombers from Fairey
The Fairey Swordfish made by our friends across the seas is a tried and tested torpedo bomber design that's served them well for multiple years now. Why bother designing our own when our allies are more than willing to provide the blueprints to start producing it natively in India instead?
Protecting the Entente Lifeline
Supply from members of the Entente and the Commonwealth is vital for our survival. Our enemies shall seek to disrupt our naval routes; but we refuse to let them do so.
Increase Convoy Production
Through new contracts and quotas, we will make sure our planned expansion of the Indian merchant marine goes by swiftly and smoothly!
A New Navy
Now that we have reunited the continent, we must look to our future and envision a navy that accurately represents the might of the nation it serves!
Accelerate Naval Buildup
Time is of the essence, for the naval powers across the world have concerned themselves with expanding their power for much longer than we have. We must put more than our best foot forward if we're to catch up to the best of the world!
An Indian Armada
Through an armada of battleships and heavy cruisers, any naval battle we engage in will only have one possible conclusion; our decisive victory.
Aerial Conquest of the Sea
The future of naval warfare does not limit itself to the waves; it also seeks to utilise the winds. By investing in carriers and basing our new fleet around them, we will remain one step ahead of the outmoded navies of the past.
Warriors of the Sea
The brave Indian soldiers which choose to ford the rivers and storm the beaches exemplify a warring spirit unparalleled by any other warriors on earth. Our marines are warriors of the sea whose silhouette on the horizon should only be received by a white flag.
End of the Indian Nightmare
The nightmare that began once the INC declared \
Reintegration of the Continent
The time has come to finally solder shut the divisions between our original base in the northwest and the rest of the continent. Despite the fact that resistance still exists to our renewed rule, we will make sure that it is sure not to last.
Resolve the Rebel Prince Debacle
The rebel princes constitute quite the quandary, being rulers of their native lands for quite some time. However, it was the British Raj that ensured their continued survival, and it now shall be us that decides what will be done of those that betrayed us.
Dealing with the Rebel Soldiers
The rebel soldiers of the former Bharatiya People's Republic betrayed India by fighting for the socialist menace, however there are many in government defending their honour and claiming that they are guilty of nothing other than being conscripted and fighting for their country. We must definitively conclude what our policy shall be toward them.
Healing the Damaged Dominion
Suffering runs rampant across India due to famine and devastation, credited to the brutal civil war which only recently ended. It is our duty to ease our people's suffering by healing the damage sustained.
Redouble Infrastructural Development
The infrastructure of India has historically never been very good. We have the opportunity to ensure that the roads and highways leave no Indian isolated. After all, had we not formerly held such a significant portion of the Silk Road?
Mass Electrification Campaigns
To catapult the Dominion to the modern age, we will electrify each and every village, no matter how isolated. Power and light shall illuminate every village!
Auction Socialised Industries
The socialised industries of east India have found themselves abandoned and bordering dereliction on account of the fall of the INC's government. Through the magic of private enterprise, we won't leave these precious economic sectors to flounder anymore!
Maintain the Momentum
The reconstruction of India has brought on an economic miracle, due to the mass amount of jobs created by new industries and the ubiquity of public works projects commissioned by the government. We shall not let this momentum falter!
Blossom, the Indian Granary!
The continent of India, so geographically diverse and so agrarian, has the capacity to become one of the largest food exporters of the world. Now that India stands on her own two feet once more, the Indian Granary shall assume her righteous benevolence and provide food for millions!
Deploy the Servants of India Society
The Servants of India are a civil volunteering organisation which promote local initiatives and community service. Additionally, they have a lot of crossover with the National Liberal Federation of India. Either way, they'll be a great boon toward bolstering the reconstruction of India.
Ascendance of the Liberal Federation
The National Liberal Federation of India was formed in response to growing INC extremism; many moderate nationalists who preferred constitutional reform and peaceable negotiations as opposed to the revolutionary methods the INC employed. With Jinnah's failure to appeal to Indians used to the socialisation of the Bharatiya People's Republic and the Unionists having decimated their credibility, it's only natural the Liberals would pull through!
Support the Middle Class
The majority of our support base are elite and middle class Hindus. To fulfill our duty to our constituents and foster the new India, we must dedicate our resources toward supporting and expanding the middle class!
Prioritise Urban Centres
Committing to a build-up of urban districts will contribute heartily to the development of India as a modern nation, not to mention the increase in political capital we'll receive.
Mass-Replicating Bombay Capitalism
Industrial capitalism in India is best seen in the streets of Bombay, where the burgeoning textile industry caused a massive boon to the city's development and grew its working class greatly. We must emulate its success and ensure that all urban centers bask in the glory of western-style economic success!
The Indian Leap Forward
As a result of the unprecedented economic success the Indian continent has seen after the civil war, a new age of geniuses and intellectuals has emerged to support the development of the Indian people. We welcome their innovations and must offer critical financial support, for their efforts will launch India into the pantheon of international superpowers!
Establish a Uniform Civil Code
The civil code currently governs personal laws based on the scripture of the religion each Indian holds. This, of course, is a nonsensical system which only serves to legitimise the sectarian divide between what should be one indivisible Indian people. We must unify the civil code, and ensure these laws are applied equally; whether you are Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, Jain or even Buddhist.
Sustain Limited Suffrage
The unfortunate reality is that if suffrage was expanded to all the masses of India, we would largely die off in our urban constituencies. This is because the landowners and oligarchic politicians of parties like the Unionists would manipulate the system and coerce their tenants to vote for them over their own interests. We will kill the debate of universal suffrage and sustain the current system.
Integrate the Hindu Mahasabha
Due to its diverse membership, the Hindu Mahasabha suffered a tremendous fall in grace after it found itself on the wrong side of the ceasefire line, despite being tremendously marginalised by the INC. M.R. Jayakar's close ties with the organisation have seen its resurgence, and it seems prudent that we formally coalition with their members and reintegrate them into political life.
Abolish the Reserved Seats
Reserved seats make up a considerable portion of the parliament, specifically based on religion. We must crush this vestige of illiberal political bloat and free up seats for fairly elected politicians.
Enshrining Secularist Governance
Secular governance is the only way forward for India, if it wishes to be respected as much as its contemporary nation-states. The present system gives Sikhs and Muslims grossly inflated involvement in politics and will only lead to a rule of the minority over the majority.
The Fundamental Rights of All Indians
Casteism, illiberalism, and untouchability all fuel the primordial damper that has been placed upon the Indian people. We shall legislate fundamental rights, and pave the way for a future deconstruction of caste as soon as society becomes stable enough to accommodate such changes.
The Torch of Liberalism Burns Bright
With our reforms complete, the torch of liberalism has burnt its cleansing flame across India and eliminated princely authoritarianism and INC syndicalist extremism. Today's India is free, democratic, and ready to tackle the centuries ahead!
Exploit Unionist Divisions
The Unionists have many sectarian divides and cliques within the party itself. With careful manoeuvring, we shall exploit these divides and diminish their power so that they may never poison the minds of Indians ever again!
Absorb Minor Parties
We must seize the fluid political field and expand our influence, moving toward the image of an ultimate vanguard of the Indian people. In doing so, we shall ensure our program and vision moves forward with minimal interruption from selfish regionalists and those not concerned with the needs of all India.
Encourage Minor Parties
To foster a healthy democracy, we must encourage the development of smaller parties and organisations representing the diverse needs of the massive Indian continent. This shall ensure the stability of Indian politics and the nation as a whole for decades to come.
The All-India Home Rule Party Triumphs
Established as a breakaway party by Muhammad Ali Jinnah in response to his disillusionment with the INC's drift toward socialism and radical programme, the All-India Home Rule Party formally claims the legacy of the league of the same name founded by Annie Besant. Promoting a confederal and progressive agenda meant to overhaul Indian society in a positive direction, we are now tasked with following through with it.
A Commitment to Social Justice
Our government must be governed on the principle of inalienable and unbreakable social justice. We will emphasise this to the people, based on the best elements of Islamic-style social justice which shall be exported across the whole continent.
Princely Patronage
The primacy of the princes is a reality that we must unfortunately accept if we are to push our most ambitious reforms through parliament.
Achieving the Confederal Dominion
Having passed our legislative reform, the most ambitious project of our platform can now be pursued. Autonomy shall be granted to the provinces and the federal system shall evolve into a confederal system, birthing the new form of the Indian continent that shall last through the ages!
Reform the Legislatures
We shall constitute all elected bodies to be based on the principles of proper representation for all minorities, while ensuring that no majority may be unjustly reduced to a minority. Separate electorates will remain and there will be no further domination of one class, tribe, or group over another!
Bringing Women Into the Political Fold
The party founder, Muhammad Ali Jinnah, has always believed in the tremendous capability of women in the role of governance and leadership. We shall elevate their place in society by expanding their suffrage and providing them space for their voices to be heard.
Help Workers Help Themselves
Many of the party functionaries have had ties to moderate and non-syndicalist trade unions, including Jinnah himself. The quality of self-reliance and the development of their communities is one all Indian workers must exemplify. We shall guide the working class toward effective, patriotic organisation so that they may bring a brighter future to their communities of their own merits.
Reject Deleterious Western Economics
Western economics can be seldom applied to the culture and society of Muslims and Hindus. We must move toward the vision of the welfare state with a mixed economy, as it is the one best suited to propel India out of the effluvium of the 19th century.
Reverse Educational Backwardness
Educational backwardness permeates India across the entirety of the continent. We must fund our future by funding new schools and bolstering the future of education in the nation so that we are not left far behind in the coming decades.
The Father of the Nation
Muhammad Ali Jinnah has successfully purveyed his vision across the continent and remade the nation according to his vision. His primacy can no longer be questioned in the party itself and Indians across the nation now recognise him as the Father of the Nation. India has arisen from the ashes of civil war and proven to the world it shall not be beaten down!
Uplifting Muslim Regions
Muslim regions unfortunately make up some of the poorest areas across all of the Dominion. We must focus our efforts on uplifting these provinces to be on par with their Hindu counterparts, so that they are not left at a disadvantage.
Against Hindu Rashtra
Parties such as the National Liberal Federation of India only seek to enforce the dominance of the majority over the minority. A firm campaign against their ranks and that of the chauvinist Hindu Mahasabha will ensure that our India does not fall to tyranny of the majority.
The Unionists Hold On
The Unionist party was originally founded as a Punjab-centric organisation meant to represent the interests of the upper class. With the advent of the Dominion of India, it evolved to take on a pluralist, agrarian agenda. Having survived the onslaught of the NLFI and AIHRP's vicious attacks in the aftermath of the Black Monday recession, the Unionists have held on and earned a considerable mandate.
Concessions to Shiromani Akali Dal
Shiromani Akali Dal is a Sikh-centric organisation which advocates for increased autonomy for Sikh-dominated regions and represents the interests of Sikhs within India. They are parliamentary allies of ours as a result of our pluralist agenda, and we must ensure we follow through on our promises so that we don't betray them and ruin our credibility.
Pluralism Without Compromise
Pluralism in India is the only realistic way to reconcile the sectarian divides of the incredibly diverse beliefs that millions of Indians hold. There shall be no compromise and nobody left behind, all faiths shall find equal representation and be heard so that they do not become disillusioned with the necessity of a united Dominion of India.
Indurate the Role of the Reserved Seats
Reserved seats in parliament ensure representation for the faiths, as well as that landowners and the princes are properly heard and not muffled to practical silence. Many political forces do not entirely agree with this idea, which is why we should reinforce their primacy and ensure that they are here to say.
Reward Loyal Princes
The loyal princes in the northwest of the Indian continent, including the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir among others, were indispensable in ensuring the survival of the Dominion against the traitorous forces of Osman and the socialist deviousness of the INC. We shall show our appreciation for their loyalty and set a strong example that loyalty is always the correct choice.
Propound Party Anglophilia
Our dedication to the cause of the Entente shall be matched by their support for the cause of the Dominion. The Unionists are the most anglophilic party in India and we shall emphasise this, for good relations with the crown can only bear fruit for us.
Empower the Panchayati Raj
The Panchayati Raj is a system of local assemblies of elder community leaders who resolve disputes and lead communities at the municipal level. We will expand their administrative, financial, and legislative capabilities and increase the system's primacy in local governance.
Institute Agricultural Price Controls
Certain practices in the agricultural marketplace have resulted in farmers being forced to short prices, leaving them without enough of a profit to manage their own plots. This is going to be devastating in the long run, so in order to ensure the stability of the rural economy and our food sources we must institute price controls so that farmers can sell at a profit without worry.
Restore the Lost Zamindars
The Zamindari system in east and central India has been largely eradicated by the illegitimate former Bharatiya People's Republic. We shall restore these lost Zamindars and reverse the destructive \
Peasant Educational Initiatives
Education among the peasantry has never been up to standard. We shall fund state directed initiatives to make sure that poor Indians young and old have access to the education necessary to ensure they can serve their country and communities with utmost efficiency.
The Unionist Legacy Cemented
We have survived challenges that most would crumble and beg for mercy in the face of. We have fought tooth and nail and pushed our agenda and legacy for the good of India, and we succeeded. The Unionists have spread party chapters across all India and are now the premier body representing conservative Indian interests!
The Preemptive Strike
It is inevitable that the rebels in the east will attack us, no matter how long we may wish to delay the conflict. If however, the Republic falters with any invasion plan, it would be foolish to not strike at them first, while they are still stuck in a quagmire of confusion; and so we must be ready to invade if this comes to pass.
Deal with Bhutan
With our control over the India Subcontinent secure, it is time to look to our northern border. New great powers are rising in China, and the Himalayas are once again the forefront of a new great game. We must reassert our control over our old allies in Bhutan, whether it be by treaty or by force.
Deal with Nepal
Nepal expanded into the Indian lowlands in the chaos following the Weltkrieg. It is time to reassert our domain over those territories.
The Burmese Territories in Siam
The Siamese Kingdom was one of the more opportunistic of the 'Vulture States' that exploited the disorder of the Raj's demise. With the young Burmese nation hard-pressed by the socialist uprisings in Assam and Bengal, the government of Siam simply occupied several districts and prefectures, including the city of Moulmein - mentioned in Kipling's famous poem. These lands must be returned!
Claim Goa
The enclave of Goa is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
Claim Pondicherry
The enclave of Pondicherry is nothing more than a burr on the side of our proud nation. It is rightfully our territory, and must be returned.
Claim Ceylon
By rights, Ceylon, the Maldives, and the other Indian Ocean islands are part of our nation's rightful territory. Their colonialism must come to an end.
Incorporate Burma
While distinct from the rest of the Raj in history and culture Burma was once under its rule. Like the rest of the Raj it had portions under direct rule while others were under the control of local rulers analogous to the princely states, and was under the firm authority of the British crown. With the rebel socialist and princely governments dealt with, we cannot allow a portion of the Raj to remain as an independent example to future traitors and rebels.
Reaffirm the McMahon Line
While we were occupied with the fight against the socialist menace and traitorous princes, the claims we secured through careful negotiation with Tibet were allowed to lapse and fall back into local hands. With our recent victories reestablishing our power over the subcontinent we have a renewed opportunity to establish our right to these regions, and renewed impetus to secure the Raj against external threats.
Restore the Ardagh-Johnson Line
Originally established to provide a strong forward presence against the then pressing threat of Tsarist Russia, the Ardagh–Johnson Line still stands as the furthest northern claim of the Raj, regardless of what threats now lurk beyond its walls. Securing it will once more give us a strong buffer should we once more come under threat from beyond the mountains.
Too little and too late, the attempts to reform the Raj in the aftermath of the Weltkrieg could not bind the Jewel to the Empire. When the Home Isles was cast into the currents of Revolution, likeminded uprisings in India followed suit. What followed was a bloody civil war, ended only by an unsteady ceasefire in early 1927. Even those who had stayed loyal to Britain during this war could no longer stand the status quo, with the government in exile soon conceding to their demands for dominion status. These loyalists now find themselves in a defensive pact with the southern princes, preparing for when the rebels finally reignite the conflict.
GFX_RAJ_intro
History of the Indian Revolution
When the Weltkrieg began, no place under the sun of the British Empire responded more loyally than India. 'The swords of the martial princes leapt from their scabbards', as one reporter put it. From the trenches of the Western Front to the deserts of Arabia, the troops of the British Raj fought doggedly for its King-Emperor and the glory of battle. However, it was also the expectation of the nascent Indian national movement that their full support for the war effort would in turn translate into political reforms at home, once the war had been concluded.\n\nDespite the best efforts of the Entente troops, by 1919 the war had been effectively lost, with the mass mutinies following the Battle of Saint-Mihiel being the final nail in the coffin. A peace heavily weighted towards the Germans was signed, although Britain, and by extension India, escaped the worst of the indemnities. The defeat did not deter the Indian reform movement, who now loudly demanded Home Rule to be put in effect. When these calls were instead met with a tepid implementation of devolution in the form of the diarchy system, alongside draconic extensions of emergency power, anger began to swell across the nation, spreading the idea of Swaraj throughout all of India.\n\nWhen the murder of 41 striking miners in Wales cast the Home Isles into the currents of Revolution, likeminded nationalist revolutionaries in India followed suit. While these initial uprisings were quickly put down, the brutality at which they were would soon flare up mass unrest throughout the subcontinent. This unrest would eventually culminate in the declaration of Purna Swaraj by the leadership of the Indian National Congress, and the establishment of a provisional independent government in Calcutta. The result of such a declaration would be bloody civil war between those loyal to the empire and those loyal to this new government.\n\nWith the metropole stuck in a quagmire of chaos, British troops in India would end up very much on their own against these rebels, especially after a wave of early defections left them unable to quell the rebellion in its infancy. Rebel troops loyal to the Calcutta government quickly seized control of much of the nation, with the fall of the provisional British capital in Delhi being widely celebrated as the sign of the rebel's victory. This hubris would ultimately end up being their undoing however, as the rebels began to redirect their efforts at taking over the south.\n\nFearing deposition if the Calcutta government were to win, and believing that the British had been completely shattered, the many disparate princes of the south would band together under the leadership of Osman Ali Khan of Hyderabad to declare their own independence as the \
The Interwar Years to the Present
Even with peace being reached, the chaos caused by the civil war would dramatically mould all of its belligerents. In the west, the remaining territories of British India and the princely states still under British suzerainty were reorganised into a united Dominion operated by an elected native government. The first election in 1929 would see a Liberal led government, but giving way to Khizar Tiwana's Unionists in 1934. Alongside this, 1933 would see the appointment of Maharaja and war hero Ganga Singh as the first native Governor General, contributing greatly to the normalisation of the new government.\n\nIn the east however, the interim years have been much more tumultuous. In the aftermath of the ceasefire, a constitution for the new republic would be drafted, modelled primarily after their fellow revolutionaries in the Union of Britain. Soon after, wartime leader Motilal Nehru would retire from his position, and politics in general, with the party electing Lajpat Rai as his replacement who would act as a unifying figure amongst the party's wings. Under Rai the Republic would pursue a more conciliatory policy towards the rival governments, operating under the belief that given enough time both would fold into the Republic.\n\nUpon Rai's own retirement in 1933, the unity in the party began to fracture. Although Fazlul Huq would be elected chairman, a notable unsuccessful challenge would be mounted by Subhas Chandra Bose, and Huq's abandonment of Rai's conciliatory positions and greater alignment with the Third Internationale would lead to significant dissent within the party. The disastrous clash at the border in Ajmer in 1935 would also greatly weaken Huq's position, leading to his deputy's resignation, but for now Huq has managed to hold on to his position as chairman.\n\nMeanwhile in the south, the Federation's government has likewise begun to buckle under opposition to its leader. While initially envisioned as a federation of equals, where its most powerful leaders would cooperate through the Council of Princes to ensure mutual benefit, the growing abuse of Osman's reserved powers has led to a slump into despotism. Despite their differences, the four other members of the Council have over time unified together in opposition to Osman's autocracy, becoming known by many as the \
§MThe Promised Elections§!\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YEnd the Indian Nightmare§! to activate the mission Impending Election.\n\n §MThe Unionists Hold On§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §cUnionists§! have a bigger party popularity than the §mLiberals§! and the §lAIHRP§! once the mission Impending Election finishes.\n\n §MAscendance of the Liberal Federation§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §mLiberals§! have a bigger party popularity than the §cUnionists§! and the §lAIHRP§! once the mission Impending Election finishes.\n\n §MThe All-India Home Rule Party Triumphs§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the §lAIHRP§! have a bigger party popularity than the §mLiberals§! and the §cUnionists§! once the mission Impending Election finishes.
The Passing of King George V
The ousted king of Britain, George V, finally succumbed to the illness that had plagued him since the Revolution swept through the home isles. As the head of state of the Dominion of India, his death will certainly cause trouble among the competing factions of the former Raj until the coronation of his son, Edward.
The Entente enters a state of mourning.
Black Monday Arrives in India!
The shockwaves of the German economic collapse have finally arrived in India. While we are certainly projected to not suffer as much as Europe and other nations more closely attached to the German economic sphere, disruptions in trade with the surrounding regions and issues that the other dominions are facing have inevitably had their effects on us. One problem that has been quickly observed is the paranoia of our banking institutions and creditors, who are now more aggressively pursuing their debtors out of fear that the economic fallout may result in them not getting their money back.\n\nOf additional-- and perhaps most dire-- concern is the city of Karachi, a major port city in the south which relies largely on international trade for its economy. What is most concerning is the export of wheat and cotton slowing, which make up a massive amount of our export and have kept us financially afloat in light of the prolonged crisis across most of the Indian subcontinent. If this continues to become a problem, not only will our economy tumble, but a massive agricultural crisis may unfold which our enemies in Calcutta will undoubtedly prey upon at their earliest convenience. The lack of ships arriving and leaving in the Port of Karachi will certainly cause great strife in the dockworkers employed there, as their already meagre wages will dry even further...
Oh dear.
Dockworkers in Karachi Strike!
Indeed, the drought of trade coming in and out of Karachi has resulted in the latest cascade to come from the ripples of Black Monday. Earlier this morning, the stevedores and workers employed by the Port of Karachi have officially organised and are now striking, citing unpaid wages and the threat of layoffs. As a result, we have gone from facing drastically reduced trade to ships sitting full in the harbor and considerable agitation from the trade partners we still reliably have, with import/export now being processed through terribly smaller and far less capable ports in Baluchistan and Sindh.\n\nThe political ramifications have been fierce, for there is a growing panic in the chambers at the precedent of a socialist movement gaining any further domestic ground, given the threat of the INC just across our border. Landowners and magnates alike are demanding a response from our government to discourage similar movements forming in the cities to the north, which the Liberal Party and the All-India Home Rule Party have now begun to capitalise on in an effort to topple our political hegemony. A swift response seems crucial, for without direct intervention the situation has little hope of considerable improvement.
Damn it all!
End of the Karachi Dockworkers Strike
Following pressure from Prime Minister Tiwana, Karachi authorities forcibly ended the strike at the Port of Karachi, backed by the intimidating appearance of the HMS Calcutta looming in view of the strikers on the waterfront. Violent force was utilized once it became apparent that a sizable group of strikers would refuse to back down, leading to several injuries on both sides and a total of 121 arrests. In the days following, a series of raids fueled by red terror rocked the city, and several people accused of sympathising and working for the INC have additionally been imprisoned. A report by the office of the Karachi Chief of Police estimates that heightened presence of authority may be necessary for the next few months, but that overall dissent is expected to be marginal.\n\nPublic reaction to the debacle has been slightly mixed, with most negative appraisals of the government's handling of the strike muted in fear of being branded a \
Jinnah continues to cling to political relevancy.
Debate Over the Extent of the Payment of Wages Act
In order to help prevent events like the Karachi Dockworkers Strike from occurring in the future, and to help provide for poorer Indians in the aftermath of the economic downturn, the Unionist party has formally drafted the \
Listen to Jinnah and broaden the scope of the act.
Reject this utopian proposal which will only harm business owners.
Mukund Ramrao Jayakar Lambasts the Unionist Party
In response to the incumbent government's doubling-down on tariffs against food and agricultural imports, a stir has erupted in the parliament. M.R. Jayakar, perhaps the most outspoken member of the Indian Liberal Party, railed against our \
Never cry over spilt milk.
The Worst Is Over
As the sun rises once more over Karachi, and immediately thereafter Lahore, the effects of the economic catastrophe of Black Monday are slowly not quite felt anymore. Farmers sell their food at the markets, the exotics trade slowly wakes up from its proverbial nap, and the cogs of industry turn at their usual velocity. Factories are hiring again, the trains run on time, and the port of Karachi returns to a steady pace. Tiwana's stewardship is accredited in the paper and those who had been disenchanted with the Unionists are now finding their way back from the seductive enchantment of the opposition. The worst of the economic fallout is far behind us and Indians now possess an optimistic view of their future that just months ago they hardly possessed at all.\n\nThe meeting between governor-general Ganga Singh and Tiwana reaffirmed Singh's confidence that the incumbency would be capable of reuniting the Dominion under the crown of Windsor. Singh's belief is that, once united, India's strength will see it gain enormous leverage in the Commonwealth and by extension, the alliance of the Entente. The economic recovery has only reinforced this belief, as certainly India, once united, has the potential to become an industrial powerhouse that shall rival the United States and Germany. For now, the Unionists remain the favoured son of the King's representative in India, a privilege that will hopefully stand the test of time. All that needs to be done now is to forcefully reintegrate the eastern socialists and quell the perfidy of the southern princes.
It is a tough road, but what lies at the end shall be worth it.
Srinivasa Sastri Steps Down As Leader of the Liberals
Srinvasa Sastri has long served as the chief party boss of the National Liberal Federation of India, taking power after the stalling of the rebellion and affirming the loyalty of the party to the Dominion. For roughly the same duration of time, he has also functioned as one of the most influential figures of the Servants of India Society and personally ensured it remained loyal to the Dominion and that it stayed a nominally apolitical organisation (though many in the NLFI also associated with the organisation still use it as an unofficial mouthpiece).\n\nSastri's political career has endured decades, and entering 1936 he has finally chosen to retire. Announcing his retirement in parliament this morning, he closed his speech by emphasising cooperation among the parties, as further division will only be preyed upon by the existential threat across the border. It's a nice thought, but one that anyone both rational and in-the-know immediately understands as idealistic and unrealistic. Now, the Indian Liberal Party finds itself needing a new leader and a new eventual nominee. Two candidates have risen to the surface, both with extensive qualifications and are equally being considered within the NLFI.\n\nThe first candidate is Mukund Ramrao Jayakar, possibly the fiercest public speaker in the NLFI. Jayakar's political affiliations are vast and incredibly colorful, being a one-time leader of the now defunct Swaraj Party before finally settling with the NLFI. He is also a noted member and influential figure in the Hindu Mahasabha, which nominally split into two after the frontlines stalled, functioning in both the Dominion and the Republic. Jayakar is loudly anti-Unionist, and is currently maintaining a fierce political rivalry with Jinnah.\n\nThe second candidate, Tej Bahadur Sapru, is by far more moderate. While still supporting the NLFI's secularist views, Sapru is a moderate member of the party with an interest in the eventual devolution of the Caste system. While also part of the Hindu Mahasabha, he is not alleged to be a Hindu supremacist (unlike Jayakar) and due to his reputable expertise and popularity (being the favoured son of Sastri) he is a very strong candidate for the nomination.\n\nIn the end, only one may be chosen. The NLFI shall choose to delegate its leadership to...
Mukund Ramrao Jayakar, the party's firebrand!
Tej Bahadur Sapru, the favoured son!
The Status of Reconstruction in Quetta
Almost an entire year ago, on the 31st of May in 1935, a tremendous earthquake shook the regions of Quetta and Baluchistan. The worst earthquake ever recorded in the region, it caused tens of thousands of casualties and almost completely leveled several villages in its aftershocks. The worst damage by far was in the city of Quetta, which was almost entirely leveled and suffered the most casualties. Thousands of villagers were displaced, and only recently were the primary lines of transportation to and from the actual settlement of Quetta rebuilt. Now, amidst the wreckage of other villages, along mountain passes and even the primary roads, banditry runs rampant. Infecting the land like a pandemic, reconstruction crews and aid struggle to reach even halfway toward their destination without some sort of ambush.\n\nFor this reason, it has been suggested that we concentrate more resources on reconstruction in the region. The commanders in charge of the area concur with this idea and have suggested that a cash injection and a fierce anti-banditry campaign would ameliorate the issues that reconstruction authorities are facing and speed up the process significantly. Financially conscious members of government have suggested that we avoid committing even more of the government's vital resources and instead set up a public relief fund, collecting donations from businesses, princes, and private individuals to help bolster the reconstruction budget. However, in the wake of the recent economic fallout, it is highly unlikely this fund will cover the expenses requested by the local authorities.
We'll give as much as we can.
The public must bear the cost.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah Arrives in Srinagar
Coming into existence in the aftermath of the First Anglo-Sikh War, the princely state of Jammu and Kashmir was assembled out of a diverse region of Hindus, Sikhs, Muslims, and even some Tibetans. Today, after almost a century of Dogra Raj, Jammu and Kashmir is a locale popularly felt to be dominated by a Hindu elite, in spite of the majority of its population being made up of Muslim peasantry.\n\nThis can be best reflected in the political scene of the region, a highly polarised environment split between two forces. The Maharaja, Hari Singh, is the embodiment of the establishment and zealously guards his state's autonomy. One of the most crucial columns of the Dominion's survival during the revolt, Hari Singh remains on our side of the fence; though some fear he may welcome Osman's forces should they decide to cross the border and end the Dominion once and for all. The second pole of Kashmiri politics is led by Sheikh Abdullah, who founded the Naya Kashmir party and aligned it with Muhammad Ali Jinnah's All-India Home Rule Party shortly after the establishment of the Dominion. Abdullah and the Kashmiri Pandit politician Prem Nath Bazaz have been the chief voices of progressivism, casting themselves as the defenders of the Kashmiriyat philosophy against the iron-fisted rule of the Dogra Dynasty.\n\nNow, on a sunny day, Muhammad Ali Jinnah has arrived in the capital of Jammu and Kashmir, Srinagar. His mission is to expand his influence in the region and strengthen the standing of his party, which struggles against the vast influence and patronage of the NLFI and Unionist parties. Complicating what should be a straightforward stump across the Vale of Kashmir, Jinnah has two conflicting invitations with which to consider. Sheikh Abdullah has offered to meet with Jinnah and deliver a rousing speech together, one which will strengthen the standing of their parties in the region. The second invitation is by Hari Singh himself, who has offered to receive him at the Sher Garhi Palace to discuss Jinnah's proposed reform toward a confederal India as opposed to a federal one.\n\nStaying on to his original plan by meeting with Sheikh Abdullah first seems to be the most coherent plan in regards to maintaining Jinnah's public image. However, while Sheikh Abdullah's influence is rather tremendous, courting the patronage of such a tremendously influential princely state is an asset that absolutely can not be scoffed at. Either way, an excessively adoring procession will await him, which is at least somewhat comforting. Jinnah nonetheless decides to...
Reinforce his alliance with Naya Kashmir, snubbing the Maharaja.
Pay his respects to the Dogra Dynasty, snubbing Sheikh Abdullah.
The Udrasar Kisan Sammelan Crisis
The State of Bikaner, home to the current Governor-General Ganga Singh, has become the site of a great alarm sounded by many concerned with our national security. Years ago, during the rebellion of the Calcutta Government, former policeman Vaidhya Magharam sided with the rebels and led a minor uprising in the rural outskirts of Bikaner. This revolt was swiftly quashed, though Magharam eluded capture and according to our sources has settled in Calcutta, establishing the \
End this crisis before Ganga Singh goes the way of the Romanov!
The velvet glove is the way to go.
Restoration of the Lodhi Fort Finishes
The Province of the Punjab is one of the most vital areas in the Dominion, and located near the frontline with the Calcutta government is the city of Ludhiana. Recent efforts to restore the citadel of Lodhi have only been galvanised by its vital location, and today these efforts have finally bore fruit.\n\nAnnouncing the end of the formal renovation of the fortress, Prime Minister Hayat Tiwana presided over a ceremony and gave a speech reiterating the mission of the Dominion. Decrying the Calcutta Government as merely a second British Raj, only under authoritarian militant socialists instead of just simply the British, Tiwana emphasised the fort as emblematic of Lahore's commitment to defending the rights of all Indians against the silver-tongued snakes of the INC. Unfortunately, Tiwana's speech was rife with stutters and awkward moments of silence, highlighting the dearth of public-speaking expertise the man possesses and resulting in a mild embarrassment in front of the crowd. Despite this, the message had gotten across, and the soldiers present in the crowd felt pleased that matters of military security were indeed being taken very seriously by their government.
Our heads are held high on this fort-uitous day.
The Shahidganj Affair
Located between the railway station and the historic Delhi Gate in Lahore is a complex covering a significant tract of land, administered by Sikhs and functioning as a Gurdwara after the collapse of a Mughal bathhouse. Controversy flared up last year when the Sikh community had begun to plan for the demolition of a 250 year old mosque which had gone unused for its usual purpose for a long time, used by the Sikhs as a Langar and for storage. News of the planned demolition ignited furor among the Muslim community, but in spite of the protests all judicial appeals and decisions would rule in favour of the Sikhs.\n\nThose looking to the government to save the mosque had not found the answers they wished for either, for Prime Minister Tiwana avoided intervening on behalf of the mosque for fear of critically harming the Sikhs' view on the Unionist Party. This partially backfired, as Muhammad Ali Jinnah swooped in to act as a mediator in the absence of the Unionists, particularly in the aftermath of a sectarian riot which saw the deaths of 3 Muslims and 2 Sikhs. Jinnah supported and put forth a series of bills and appeals which sufficiently delayed the demolition process until at least 1936 and has sworn to ease the agitations of the Muslim community.\n\nIn the meantime, several meetings have been held between influential leaders of the community, and several more demonstrations have resulted in arrests and chaos in the streets of Lahore. A heated debate between Muhammad Iqbal and Master Tara Singh resulted in a conflagration of cases of sectarian violence all over the Province of the Punjab. Iqbal has now gone so far as to publish poetry flaming the Sikh communities, and redoubling his calls for the Dominion to abandon the claim to India and instead establish an Islamic republic. The government's failure to decisively act has resulted in a homicide case near the Afghan frontier, wherein two Hindu travelers were claimed to have been murdered by Islamic fundamentalists. A case with limited veracity and still under heavy investigation, it has nonetheless aroused the ire of the NLFI, who are now denouncing the government's waffling and have thrown in their lot with the Sikh's increasingly galvanised position.\n\nIntervening against the Sikhs will put a serious wedge in our relationship with Shiromani Akali Dal and give the NLFI an advantageous position with them. On the other hand, if we adhere to the courts' decisions and allow the demolition to proceed, the Muslim community will be further pushed away from us toward Jinnah's arms.
This violence must end, the Shahidganj Masjid will not fall.
We have no right to intervene against the decisions of the courts.
The Khan of Kalat vs. The Shahi Jirga
Situated in the middle of Baluchistan, one of the most critical centres for Baloch nationalism is the princely state of Kalat. Several parties have emerged from the region, including the Anjuman-e-Ittehad-e-Balochistan and its radical offshoot, the Kalat State National Party, a revanchist and Baloch ultranationalist party that receives tactful support from the very independently minded Khan of Kalat, Ahmad Yar Khan. Ahmad's temperament and intransigent nature is tempered only by who he refers to as his \
We'll scratch a few backs, the Shahi Jirga will not be disemboweled.
Perhaps the Khan will use his newfound mandate for good?
Failed Revolution in Port Blair!
The Andaman and Nicobar Islands are a territory of the Dominion located in the Bay of Bengal, one of our key sites for naval projection. The largest settlement, Port Blair, is home to the \
Consequences come to those who seek them.
The Death of Bhupinder Singh
The exiled Maharaja of Patiala, Bhupinder Singh, had long been a defender of the Dominion of India and a crucially prominent anglophilic prince after the rise of the independently-minded Deccan princes. Managing to evacuate his tremendous wealth during the revolution, he wielded major influence in princely circles and was tireless in his efforts to establish cordial and cooperative relations between the Lahore and Hyderabad governments. However, after arriving in the Port of Karachi after a lavish banquet in Cochin, he suffered a heart attack and collapsed on the wharf. After a day of uncertainty, he was proclaimed dead.\n\nThe sudden nature of his death has fueled many conspiracies, with his son and successor Yadavindra Singh privately alleging that the southern princes must have poisoned him. As news publications began to speculate on these theories, Prime Minister Tiwana spoke at his funeral and opted to publicly disavow the theories, instead shifting blame toward agents of the AITUC and INC in an effort to prevent diplomatic fraying between the Dominion and the Princely government. This disgruntled Yadavindra, who proceeded to cold-shoulder the prime minister and would later confide to a friend his irritation at Tiwana for \
Either way, Ganga Singh solemnly mourns his old friend.
Communal Riots in Sindh
Home to the Dominion's most significant Jewish community, during the 1936 Karachi municipal elections Abraham Reuben, became India's first Jewish elected official (serving as a city councillor). Councillor Reuben has since dedicated himself to representing the marginalised Jewish community in local politics, and helped provide for the renovation of the Magain Shalome Synagogue which had concluded two weeks ago. This, however, raised the ire of the local Muslim community, who have been petitioning for the restoration of the neglected Manzilgah Mosque in the northern city of Sukkur for over a decade. Zafar Ali Khan, an influential Muslim poet, thoroughly lambasted the expedience at which Magain Shalome was renovated as opposed to the monolithic progress at which plans have progressed for Manzilgah, and urged Muslims to aggressively pursue the restoration of the mosque at all costs. Restoration has primarily been slowed due to the Sadhu Belo Hindu Temple on an island directly across the river, as the Hindu community in the city staunchly oppose an active mosque so close to a revered temple.\n\nThe current governor of the Sindh province, Ghulam Hussain Hidayatullah, has maintained the status quo regarding the mosque as he fears alienating the Hindu population in the province. Zafar Ali Khan renewed a direct plea to Ghulam, who refused once again to propel any plans for restoration. In response, Ali Khan and his supporters have commenced a boycott of Hindu goods in the entire province and en masse occupied the site of the Manzilgah, leading to numerous arrests and an over-crowding crisis in the local jails. This instability actually led to Ghulam wavering on his position and making a half-empty promise to thoroughly explore the possibility of restoration, which prompted much jubilation from the Muslim community.\n\nOn the contrary, B.S. Moonje and the Hindu Mahasabha issued a threat to the governor that if any renovations were to take place at Manzilgah,a call would be made for the Hindus of Sindh to withdraw all of their support for his government. This caused Ghulam to backpedal on his statements and a further inflammation of the situation. The Hindu Mahasabha called a demonstration in the city which led not long after to a devastating riot between Muslims and Hindus, causing 198 deaths between the two groups and a full lockdown of the city. Ghulam has now appealed directly to our government for guidance on how to proceed, fearing the sectarian violence will spread outside of Sukkur into Sindhi Hyderabad and Karachi.
Advise for the speedy restoration of the Masjid Manzilgah.
Uphold the status quo and offer up a different site to build a new mosque in.
Disorder in the High Command
The army of the Dominion of India has long been rife with inadequacies, many inherited from the military establishment of the British Raj. Comprised of a mixture of Indian and white officers, much of the influence is generally held by old-guard and conservatively-minded generals. Tasked with integrating such institutions as the Indian States Forces and properly restructuring the army was Philip Walhouse Chetwode, a veteran of the Second Boer War and the Weltkrieg. Chetwode was instrumental in overseeing the Indianisation of the army and brought it up to \
Wouldn't be an army without internal conflicts, now would it?
Philip Walhouse Chetwode Resigns
Three days ago, Governor-General [RAJ.GetLeader] pulled aside the Chief of Army for a serious discussion about the Dominion's military future. Taking the side of the various irritated generals in the high command, and in light of Chetwode's advanced age suggested he step down in favour of someone else. Defensive, Chetwode attempted to plead his case and appeal to a \
Though he's certainly wistful that it won't end more prestigiously.
Philip Walhouse Chetwode Will Remain
Three days ago, Governor-General [RAJ.GetLeader] pulled aside the Chief of Army for a serious discussion about the Dominion's military future. Ultimately agreeing that Chetwode's propositions were more realistically oriented toward the current reality of the Dominion's military industry and modernisation, he reassured Chetwode that he had his full support in remaining as the Chief of Army.\n\n[RAJ.GetLeader] sent down a memo which was received by the rank and staff mentioning the discontent in the military over Chetwode's leadership, and stating that while all concerns were carefully heard, Chetwode will remain on as Chief of Army for the foreseeable future. Rumor has it that once the continent has re-unified, he will step down from the post, satisfied with reunification being the crown jewel of his career. Despite their prior clamouring, it appears the intransigents among the brass will fall in line without any pushback, accepting the reality of the situation for what it is.
A man as experienced as Chetwode will lead us to victory.
Philip Walhouse Chetwode Steps Down
Following the successful reunification of India, Philip Walhouse Chetwode contently rests upon his laurels. Enjoying a nice, hot cup of tea at the balcony of his home, he muses upon his career. More than smug that, despite the opposition, his army leadership led the Dominion to victory over its adversaries, he is now reassured in the inviolable success story of his career and legacy. Returning inside to pen his resignation speech and step down as Chief of Army, he makes care to note that he'll still yet answer the call of duty if the Dominion decides she needs him to serve her.
Here's hoping he doesn't manage to sully his legacy if he is recalled to service.
Post-Unification Elections Announced!
Following up on promises made by our government to resume elections in the aftermath of the reunification of India, Prime Minister Tiwana has called for elections to be held in six months time. In addition, he has formally extended enfranchisement to the reclaimed territories to ensure that all across the entire continent can vote, not just those in the northwest. Of course, limited suffrage is still in effect, making it so that comparatively fewer can vote in the former Bharatiya People's Republic than the former Princely Federation and the northwestern loyalist states. It is expected that the election will practically only be between the All-India Home Rule Party, the National Liberal Federation of India, and the Unionist Party, as all other parties are either too small or closely aligned with one of the big three.\n\nThe Unionists, while being the government responsible for the eventual reconquest of the continent, have faced a host of difficult domestic issues over the last few years. They are expected to have a reliable base in the south, where the AIHRP is also expected to court supporters based on its confederal reorganisation platform. The AIHRP is also expected to do well in the former People's Republic, credited to Jinnah's endorsement of a mixed economy. Finally, the Liberals seem poised to strike at the urban centres, appealing to their usual voter base in the hopes of clinching the election. Time will only tell who comes out on top.
Good luck to all involved.
Shiromani Akali Dal Secures Sikhs for Unionists
Long-time ally of the Unionist Party and major leader of Shiromani Akali Dal and the Sikh community, Master Tara Singh, has publicly proclaimed his support for the Unionists in the coming election. Although Jinnah had made attempts to court them based on securing a Sikh state within the Dominion with great autonomy, Singh has ultimately distrusted him and maintained his pre-existing alliance.\n\nSingh's support has long been vital for the Unionists in maintaining their wide net and pluralist credentials, and having his backing is a great reinforcement of our clout.
Excellent news.
The Bengal Campaign
The political campaign in Bengal has been largely dominated by the All-India Home Rule Party and the National Liberal Federation of India. Holding the former capital of the Bharatiya People's Republic, nationalist and socialist influence still lingers heavily here. With the vast majority of its former leaders arrested, there has been a large void in power-brokerage in Calcutta and the rest of Bengal after the war's conclusion. Two figures in particular have seized the opportunity for political influence, both with opposing horses in the race for the Dominion's leadership.\n\nKhawaja Nazimuddin, a friend of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, is a stalwart ally of the AIHRP. He has begun a fierce political campaign emphasising Bengali nationalism and appealing directly toward Bengali Muslims. He wields tremendous influence in the Muslim-dominated city of Dhaka and has the support of much of the returning, yet greatly weakened, aristocracy of Bengal.\n\nSyama Prasad Mukherjee is the former vice-chancellor of the University of Calcutta and a figure who had not gotten much involved with politics during the Red Raj's rule over Calcutta, remaining locally involved as an independent. Recently, however, he joined and became deeply involved with the Hindu Mahasabha. Making use of the influence acquired by his association with the Mahasabha, he has established a web of influence in Calcutta proper and has prolifically campaigned against the AIHRP in favour of the Liberals, fearmongering against a Muslim-dominated government over India.\n\nBengal has found it split between these two opposing personalities, however only one shall successfully flip the newly reintegrated province in favour of their preferred party.
Nazimuddin successfully aligns Bengal with the AIHRP!
Mukherjee's networking awards Bengal to the Liberals!
Jinnah Tours Hyderabad
Hyderabad is a region with grievous wealth inequality and a history of peasant agitation, not to mention its considerable Muslim minority. This makes it a perfect place for the AIHRP to sink its teeth into, leading to Jinnah touring the region for the first time since the reunification of India. Giving speeches to several poor Muslim farmers, as well as meeting with local elites and securing as much support for his movement as possible.\n\nDealing with limited resources, the Unionist Party has put out feelers in the region and is attempting to align the state's Zamindar power-brokers with the party. The Unionist's economic platform, supporting price-controls on agrarian goods, is very popular with the Zamindars and may just earn us Hyderabad in the elections if we emphasise it enough. Following our fierce competition with Jinnah for support and influence, Hyderabad will ultimately end up turning out for...
The Unionists, based on their economic policy and support for the Zamindars!
The AIHRP, based on their appeal to Muslim poor and elites alike!
Exiled Princes Return to Their Lands
The princes of the regions of Orissa, Rajputana, and Bengal have begun to finally re-establish their influence and power over their former homes. In Orissa and Rajputana, the loyalty of the princes is highly divided between all three major parties of the Dominion. While the Unionists are usually a natural favourite for any prince, some of the more chauvinist Hindu princes prefer the platform of the Liberals, while others find promise in the AIHRP's strong support for further confederalisation. Representatives now flood their newly recovered estates in the hopes of securing valuable princely patronage, for few things in the Dominion's political landscape count more than the support of a region's prince.\n\nThe Unionist lobbyists have iterated on the party's success at uniting the nation, and urge their continued leadership as essential to keeping India together now that it's finally been re-assembled. The Unionists are, additionally, the most pro-prince party in politics, so naturally the princes should need little convincing to throw their lot in with them. The Liberal lobbyists promise that, following their economic support for sweeping free enterprise, the princes will find plenty of economic opportunity to invest with, for the good of their country and for themselves. Finally, the AIHRP's lobbyists claim that without Jinnah's confederalisation program, the princes will be hard-pressed to keep their autonomy, and that the policies of the Liberals and Unionists are unsustainable in light of the average Indian's awakened political conscious. Their efforts successfully convince a majority of the princes to put their support behind...
The Unionists, for guaranteed prosperity.
The Liberals, to capitalise on explosive economic growth.
The AIHRP, for they are best aware of how to maintain the Dominion.
Anti-Liberal Advertisements in Delhi
The major metropolitan region of Delhi, one of the densest areas in all of India, has been the sight of furious campaigning between the Unionists and the Liberals. The former seat of the British Raj and once a major city in the Mughal Empire, it is highly diverse and contains a significant population of Muslims, Sikhs, and Hindus, though the latter maintains a majority. As reconstruction continues to progress and free enterprise re-established, the Liberals have taken advantage by courting wealthy Hindu merchants for support.\n\nThe Unionist campaign has primarily focused on its pluralist programme, and the tremendous rate at which the city will benefit from a government that emphasises religious harmony. The Unionist campaign has funded advertisements across the city portraying the Liberals as Hindu supremacists who will enforce secularism as a way to keep poor Muslims, Sikhs, and Scheduled Castes at the bottom of society. While some enfranchised residents of the city actually see this as a reason to vote for the Liberals, it has nonetheless damaged their reputation as a party able to maintain the unity of the Dominion, and has drawn the ire of many prominent Liberals. A suit has been filed against the Unionists, alleging that the party is engaging in \
We'll stop the campaign and issue an apology, through gritted teeth.
Yeah, no, we're not doing that.
Actually? Let's double down and print these ads in Cawnpore and Lucknow.
Liberals Secure Bombay
The city of Bombay, one of the most industrialised cities of the Dominion, is considered to be the most successful example of Indian capitalism. This is thanks to its booming textile industry and the Bombay Port, one of the oldest seaports in India and one which has earned the city the popular nickname \
It can't be helped...
Courting the Madras Electorates
Madras, a region largely dominated by the regional Justice Party, is predicted to be one of the most crucial areas in determining the victor of the coming elections. The Justice Party's hardline anti-Brahmin stance has thrown a wrench in the Liberals' attempts to penetrate the political scene (former leader V.S. Srinivasa Sastri was a Brahmin, being enough to damage the Liberal's clout) though the caste-progressive wing of the party has earned it some credit with Justice's leadership.\n\nJinnah's commitment to regional autonomy has been a major selling point for those his party has patronised in the region, and some feel that a government headed by Jinnah will eventually lead to decreased Brahminical dominance in politics. Jinnah's socially and economically progressive ideas worry many important Madras conservatives, however.\n\nAs for the Unionists, there is a lot of overlap in economic and social policy, and the Unionist campaign has seen great success in the region, meaning that the party may just have its work cut out for them. Despite the diverse draws of the Big Three parties, Madras shall ultimately contribute its votes to...
The All-India Home Rule Party, for it may best promote Justice's interests.
The Unionists, for their mutual policy overlap.
The Liberals under Sapru manage an upset!
Southern Princes Align Toward Unionists
In the aftermath of our government's successful reunification with the southern princes, many predicted that in the event of an election they'd ultimately cast their vote for the Unionist Party. This assumption has proven itself to be correct, as the conservative princes have contributed greatly to the Unionist campaign in recent months.\n\nWhile Jinnah had made a great effort to appeal to Osman and the princes in particular, his biggest selling points were de facto pre-empted by the Unionists with the princes acquiring sweeping autonomy in the south. This has resulted in the Unionists making major gains in southern India, and the campaign contributions allowing for a rejuvenated campaign across the rest of northern and central India even as the other two parties have found their campaign chests running drier by the day.
Our successful diplomacy has paid us dividends!
Liberals Victorious!
Following a feisty six-month campaign between the three major parties of the Dominion, the National Liberation Federation of India has seized victory from the jaws of the Unionists and AIHRP. Party leader since 1936, Mukund Ramrao Jayakar is credited with leading a fierce campaign and successfully appealing to the urban Hindu elites across the enfranchised Dominion.\n\nPromising an end to the Unionist's damaging sectarian policies and the establishment of a \
Victory is ours!
Liberals Victorious!
Following a feisty six-month campaign between the three major parties of the Dominion, the National Liberation Federation of India has seized victory from the jaws of the Unionists and AIHRP. Party leader since 1936, Tej Bahadur Sapru is credited with leading a fierce campaign and successfully appealing to the urban Hindu elites across the enfranchised Dominion.\n\nPromising the protection of liberties for all Indians and the establishment of a \
Victory is ours!
Encroaching Hindu Dominance
Following the enforced secularisation of the government, including reforms to representation and electoral policy, the political landscape of the Dominion has changed considerably since the end of Unionist rule. As reforms are continually passed, the Hindu majority has begun to wield more and more de facto power, handily outnumbering the Muslims and Sikhs and resulting in what some are criticising as an unhealthy power imbalance.\n\nSharp criticism has been doled out by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, who claims that our government has \
We campaigned on it, so we will deliver on it.
Resurgence of the Hindu Mahasabha
The Hindu Mahasabha, relegated to the fringes of politics since splitting during the Indian Revolution, has seen a resurgence in recent months following the victory of the Liberals. Tacitly supported by PM Jayakar, the Mahasabha has largely integrated with the cabinet and now formally coalitions with the party. Consequentially, their philosophies have begun to enter the mainstream, espousing the \
A political marriage many indeed saw coming.
The Sapru Proclamation
In a speech both televised and heard over radios across the continent, PM Sapru issued a speech calling for gradual reform to the issue of Scheduled Castes. Referring to their existence as merely derogatory to the unity of Indians and an institution that will only hold the nation back in the decades to come, he has formally promised to see to the eventual liberation of the downtrodden Castes. Met with an uproar of support among progressively-minded Indians, it has drawn the ire of some conservative Hindus, however.\n\nIn spite of this blow to the National Liberal Federation of India's support base, it has been rendered null by the expansion of support among Dalits and other Indians, even in spite of how few of them have actual power at the ballot box.
Is an egalitarian future in India truly possible?
Grand Expansion of the University of Bombay
Ever since the Dominion regained control of Bombay, its eponymous university has languished in favour of more pressing reconstruction efforts across the sub-continent. However, who are we to neglect the beneficiaries of young Indians? Every proud nation has within it a prestigious institution of research and higher education that differentiates it from impoverished, feudal polities that can barely justify their own capacity to govern. That is why special funds have been redirected to finally refurbish and expand the University of Bombay. Coupled with a formalisation of functions and powers, major campus expansions include sports fields, a new medicinal research wing, and formal research grants to understand, predict, and combat famines before they can strike.\n\nAt a ribbon-cutting ceremony commemorating the expansion, Governor General [RAJ.GetLeader] gave a speech honouring the efforts of Indian alumni to their motherland. He additionally stressed that without the empire, the university would be subject to ideological interference and demagoguery under the socialist Bharatiya People's Government.
A grand re-opening for a grand institution!
A Modern Civil Code
Following the latest edict put through by the National Liberal Federation of India, sweeping reforms have completely overhauled the Dominion's civil code. Now, all Indians, regardless of faith, are now equally bound to laws regarding marriage, divorce, inheritance, the prohibition of polygamy, and all other personal laws.\n\nSharp criticism and controversy has flared in response, primarily by prominent Unionists and most flagrantly by Muhammad Ali Jinnah, and even a number of Hindus are highly concerned about the ramifications these reforms may have on society. Jinnah's critiques center mostly around the bias that the \
We are guilty of nothing but modernising our nation.
Results of the Sastri Report
Despite the committee containing many intellectuals and lawyers connected to the Unionists and the All-India Home Rule Party, the verdict would have always been the same. Delays mounted after paperwork, which mounted after members were found to be \
We have investigated ourselves... and have found no wrongdoing.
The Legacy of Gokhale
Despite being retired for some time now, V.S. Srinivasa Sastri still keeps up with politics and is a member of various organisations, including as current acting head of the Servants of India Society. Now that Indians are no longer slaughtering fellow Indians on the battlefield and the Liberals are guiding the nation instead of the deleterious Jinnah or the landowner-loving Unionists, he has had much time to reflect upon the party's legacy and the trajectory of the future. His favoured successor, PM Sapru, is leading the party on a more conciliatory trajectory and steering the nation toward unity rather than conquest and penalisation. Sastri, a follower of the great and dearly departed Gopal Krishna Gokhale, truly believes the man would be proud of the India they built. The success of conciliation and cooperation over the Gandhians, Tilakites, Boseists and their bloody revolution which merely sundered the nation for a decade and caused catastrophe and calamity is, to Sastri, a tremendous relief.\n\nNow that a good and proper Hindu government is in charge to lead the flock to a bright future, India is capable of everything.
For India has finally joined hands and looked toward harmonious equality.
Furor in Dhaka
Ever since the Hindu Mahasabha integrated itself into the framework of the nation, areas with a considerable Muslim plurality have become more restless by the month. A dispute between a Hindu and a Muslim at a market in Dhaka led to the latter raising his dukes, and the former procuring a knife and stabbing the other. The Hindu, tried in court, has been declared not guilty by virtue of self-defence, with his lawyers successfully arguing in front of a Hindu judge that the man he stabbed posed a reasonable threat to his life. The verdict has been met with severe outrage by the Muslim community, particularly in the city it took place in, with riots becoming a weekly affair despite the oppression steadily increasing in brutality.\n\nHindu businesses in the city have recently become increasingly targeted by vandals, with communal violence at an all-time high. Hindus in the region have begun to radicalise at an accelerating rate, with the Hindu Mahasabha noting a sized increase in membership in the entirety of Bengal. Former Liberal leader V.S. Srinivasa Sastri has attempted to lead a Servants of India mission to promote peaceable relations, though his speech yesterday morning was cut off by a stabbing (ironically committed by a Hindu) which left him in critical condition, though he's expected to survive. Today's riot has been definitively ended by a brutal crackdown and an indefinite military presence in the city to deter any more agitation by the Muslims in the city, for concern has grown amidst the party that if they don't clamp down hard on communal violence, it may cost us the favour of our enfranchised voter base.
A strong hand is necessary to run a nation as large as India.
All-India Home Rule Party Victorious!
Following a feisty six-month campaign between the three major parties of the Dominion, the All-India Home Rule Party has emerged the victor over the Unionists and the National Liberal Federation of India. Party founder and leader, Muhammad Ali Jinnah's campaign for more autonomous administrative divisions and a more \
Victory is ours!
Contamination of the Movement
PM Jinnah, ever the idealist, is yet still Jinnah the pragmatist at his heart. The reorganisation of India is not one that can be done without the explicit support of the princely states. The latest draft of the new confederal constitution has included provisions giving princes autonomy in the affairs of their realms, much to the dismay of progressive allies such as Sheikh Abdullah.\n\nAuthoritarian princely states such as the Dogra Raj of Jammu and Kashmir are now free to maintain their governments without fear of executive overreach into their affairs, meaning the continuation of directly appointed ministers as opposed to popularly elected ones, and the illegality of criticising an Indian prince in their home state. Sheikh Abdullah has now galvanised the Reading Room Party against his former ally and has gone into full opposition, attempting to move into national politics instead of remaining a regional force.
But such a marginalised man as he is hardly likely to succeed.
The New Confederation
With the last motion finalised, PM Jinnah's confederal project has finally become reality. Reducing the executive's power over the federal states and provinces of the Dominion (with provisions added to ensure his economic policies can go relatively unimpeded), the fully reunified Dominion now possesses several individual provinces and princely states, each with sweeping autonomy to manage their own affairs. Now that the new separations of power have been enshrined in the constitution, provinces with a Muslim minority/majority are now free from the threat of a potential Hindu-dominated executive oppressing them.\n\nThis has been met with bitter criticism from the National Liberal Federation of India, who claim that Jinnah has now irrevocably sundered the unity of the Dominion and affirmed a culture of sectarian animosity and distrust between Hindus and Muslims. Former Prime Minister Khizar Hayat Tiwana also condemned the new constitution, despite a number of his own party crossing the aisle to support it, claiming that such measures do nothing to tackle the epidemic of communal violence, rather merely making it difficult for the executive to mediate future conflicts.
Maybe they should focus less on whining, and more on why they lost the election.
Muhammad and Fatima
Ever since the death of the second wife of Muhammad Ali Jinnah, Rattanbai \
Though when it comes time for a successor to Muhammad, they'll surely pick Liaquat over her.
The [GetYear] Mahasabha Mutiny
PM Jinnah as a person, and especially his policies, are highly divisive in the Indian political scene. Hindus in particular have a tricky view of him, seeing his involvement with the All-India Muslim League as evidence that his ideal is to return India to the Mughal days of Muslim dominance over Hindus. These claims are imaginably ludicrous, a product of political incivility that paints a caricature as opposed to an accurate portrait of the man, but it nonetheless sticks among the radical Hindu right. The Hindu Mahasabha confers upon Jinnah the spited subjects of their rallies and discussions, stymying him at every possible junction.\n\nAmong such voices such as B.S. Moonje, who have been careful enough to toe the line between protected speech and seditious illegality, is the inflammatory presence of Bhai Parmanand. The fall of the Bharatiya People's Republic and the slew of arrests and trials which followed came the imprisonment of V.D. Savarkar, a spiritual leader of the Hindu Mahasabha who threw in with the rebels. Parmanand, who has tirelessly campaigned for his release to a dearth of success, has mobilised a massive crowd of Hindu nationalists for a demonstration in Delhi.\n\nPM Jinnah directly authorised a police crackdown once reports came through of damage to Muslim commercial properties, and the protest transformed into a riot. The battles which ensued saw several streets locked down and a conflict lasting two days, with the city coming under martial law soon after. Following a death toll of 367, arrests have been made on leaders of the Hindu Mahasabha nation-wide, and the organisation itself declared a terrorist entity and banned.
A trifling riot, but a great excuse to be rid of them.
Attempted Assassination of PM Jinnah!
The India of today is radically different from the India seen only a year ago. PM Jinnah's platform, meant to upend the status quo and aggrandise the Dominion to a state of equity and social upliftment, has transformed institutions and resolutely modernised the nation. Such ontogeny has not precluded the making of many, many enemies. PM Jinnah has gone from the enemy of Hindu nationalists to their arch-nemesis, having disassembled the Hindu Mahasabha and disproportionately favoured poor Muslim regions in his development investments. But yet, the cult of personality among Muslims (whose support he has done much to draw away from the Unionists) is immense and PM Jinnah is now popularly referred to as \
Bullets alone can't kill hope.
Unionists Victorious!
Following a feisty six-month campaign between the three major parties of the Dominion, the Unionists have achieved victory over the National Liberal Federation of India and the All-India Home Rule Party! PM Tiwana is credited with leading the party through the economic downturn of Black Monday, the devastating Karachi Dockworker's Strike, and finally the reunification of India. Such accomplishments, as well as an effective campaign, surely won him re-election. PM Tiwana is expected to maintain the Unionist platform of preserving the farmer-gentry alliance and fortifying the pluralist approach to governance, as well as implementing price controls and empowering the Panchayat System.\n\nIn the aftermath of their loss, NLFI and AIHRP have sharply criticised his government as merely a vessel for princes and landowners to protect their power and reinforce the stark wealth disparities present in Indian society. In spite of their clamouring, PM Tiwana's successful leadership has reinforcing his immense mandate to lead India into the future.
Victory is ours!
The Sikhistan Autonomy
For many years, the Sikh-centric party Shiromani Akali Dal has been a stalwart ally of our party, shoring up the Sikh vote and greatly empowering our credibility as a party of Indians of all faiths. Tara Singh, the party's leader, has long campaigned for the establishment of an \
For that reason, we expect their loyalty.
Victory of the Unionist Strategy
The loyalties of Indian Muslims have long been split, thanks to the conniving actions of Muhammad Ali Jinnah and his two vehicles of power, the All-India Muslim League and the All-India Home Rule Party (the latter of which he focuses most of his efforts toward). But indeed, as the world keeps turning and with our victory in the most recent election, many Muslims have begun to question if Jinnah can truly protect them from the chauvinistic Liberals and from the rampant communal hatred across the country. Time and time again, the benevolence of the Unionists and the pluralist strategy have proven to be the foremost bulwarks in the defence of Muslim rights.\n\nThe days of Hindu dominance over Muslims, or Muslim dominance over Sikhs, or any such foofarah have passed due to effective pluralist governance and reform. Now, the Muslims of India less and less regard Jinnah as their representative, for his repeated failures to follow through on his plans have definitively made their mark on his reputation.
Such a revelation was only inevitable!
Shots Fired by Sapru
In response to PM Tiwana doubling down in defence of the reserved seats in the chambers, influential Liberal Tej Bahadur Sapru has authored a vicious polemic accusing the Unionists of egregious illiberalism and extensive corruption. He principally claims that PM Tiwana kowtows to the will of the Maharajas and the Zamindars, foregoing western-style reform in favour of the same backwards governance which has been in effect since the days of the Mughal Empire.\n\nSapru's comments have received widespread support from many reform-minded Indians (though have shaken whatever princely support the Liberals had, much to the chagrin of other party members), though indeed most with a brain attribute his bluster to hypocrisy and political opportunism.
Aren't they, too, opposed to expanded suffrage?
Zamindars Return to Chhattisgarh
The regime of the INC saw many landowners driven from their estates, instead instantiating radical measures of land-reform and leaving many Zamindars destitute and destroyed. While other parties prefer to waffle on the question of restoring Indians to their rightful properties, PM Tiwana has an effective and resolute commitment to undoing the damage of the Red Raj. Now, thousands of landowners have been returned to their home provinces and have been endowed once more with their land.\n\nMany former Zamindars have been taken over by cooperatives and former tenants, and such returns have been stymied in Chhattisgarh by their current occupiers, particularly around Jagdalpur. Unwilling to cede their lands or accept the buyouts offered, Indians opposed to the return of the Zamindari have taken up arms and sprung a revolt, one that was quickly crushed by the army. Zamindars now return aided by the force of the army, ensuring their estates are properly secured and that peasant unrest is met with hard reality.
You'd think these \
The [GetYear] Mahasabha Mutiny
Ever since the government cracked down on the Hindu Mahasabha's inflammatory activities, agitation from their ranks has grown more and more severe. The outspoken voices of B.S. Moonje and Bhai Parmanand, figures which have narrowly skirted legal charges partially due to their connections with the Liberals, have only amplified tensions. The fall of the Bharatiya People's Republic and the slew of arrests and trials which followed came the imprisonment of V.D. Savarkar, a spiritual leader of the Hindu Mahasabha who threw in with the rebels. Parmanand, who has tirelessly campaigned for his release to a dearth of success, has mobilised a massive crowd of Hindu nationalists for a demonstration in Delhi.\n\nPM Tiwana directly authorised a police crackdown once reports came through of damage to Muslim commercial properties, and the protest transformed into a riot. The battles which ensued saw several streets locked down and a conflict lasting two days, with the city coming under martial law soon after. Following a death toll of 367, arrests have been made on leaders of the Hindu Mahasabha nation-wide, and the organisation itself declared a terrorist entity and banned.
A terrible riot, but now we can easily be rid of their lot.
Tiwana at the Gala
PM Tiwana has held a gala at his expansive estate in Lahore, inviting several princes, industrialists, Unionist politicians and other influential Indians for a night of relaxation and enjoyment. One such goal of this meeting is to show off the results of the speech training he has undergone for several months, attempting to combat his stutter and improve his public speaking skills from their prior abysmal status. After much festivities, PM Tiwana called attention to the gazebo he stood at, illuminated by warm gas lamps against the dark night. Proclaiming that, despite great challenges, those who built India and have led it for years have been protected from the vicious assaults of the INC, as well as the Liberals and the Home Rule Party, and that it was through their support that they may all celebrate on such a fine night as then. Displaying a mastery of vocabulary and a flow as smooth as butter, the end of his speech was met with raucous applause, most loudly by members of his own family who took a keen interest in him improving his oratory.\n\nDescending from the gazebo as the gala continued and making his way to the kitchen to ensure that his chefs were making haste in preparing a most bountiful supper, a lone tear descended from his eye knowing that his family was proud of him, and that he has thus far carried out his immensely stressful job to incredible success.
A happy ending for everyone at the party.
Tea Tourism in Simla
Owing to our investment in tea plantations in the Kangra Valley, Simla's local commerce has blossomed considerably. With its strong flavor making an equally strong impression at tea festivals and competitions worldwide, many eclectic tourists travel to the north of the Dominion to tour plantations and try Kangra tea brewed fresh from the source.\n\nImports for the tea have steadily increased, and so long as the world economy remains stabilised, we can expect a steady income from the crop.
Our investments are paying off nicely.
Kashmir Silk Exported Worldwide
Owing to our investment in the burgeoning Kashmir silk industry, the Dominion has become one of the largest silk exporters in the world. The material had seen diminished exports in the wake of Black Monday, but as the global economy stands back on its two feet we have found ample markets eager for the coveted material.\n\nBeing an exotic good, the revenue from such exports and our effective monopoly on the worldwide silk market has brought our government significant income; not to mention benefiting the lives of hard-working Indians in Kashmir greatly.
We're serious about sericulture.
The All-India Scheduled Castes Federation
In the wake of the post-war political structure accommodating the expansion of minor parties, both new and old, few are more noteworthy than the All-India Scheduled Castes Federation. Led by Namasivayam Sivaraj, an associate of B.R. Ambedkar, it has sworn itself to a platform of uplifting the downtrodden, protecting Dalits and dissolving the caste system which yet still affects Indian society day to day, hour to hour. While Ambedkar's reputation among the Dominion's political society was tremendously tarnished after he sided with the INC in the Indian Revolution, Sivaraj's rise to prominence comes as an olive branch to his erstwhile political comrade, and there are a plurality of rumours floating about that Ambedkar controls the AISCF behind the scenes.\n\nIrregardless, Sivaraj remains as the party's flagbearer, and has already made inroads at reaching out to the National Liberal Federation of India and the All-India Home Rule Party. Depending on how receptive either party is to adopting Sivaraj's progressive, egalitarian agenda, the Scheduled Castes of India may yet see a political force which could both give half a damn about them and also actually affect their place in society.
Perhaps the two Federations could join forces?
We both have \
British Officers Arrive from India
With the collapse of the Dominion of India, there has been a mass exodus of British officers, fleeing from the horrors that their conquerors would surely inflict upon them if they stayed.\n\nThere are many of these men fit to still serve, with plenty eager to be sent back into action, with hopes of one day avenging their great defeat.
One day we shall rescue the jewel...
Results of the [GetYear] National Elections
It has been four years since the last democratic elections took place in our fair state. From the mouth of the Indus to the peaks of the Himalayas our trusted officials and commissioners are busy erecting voting booths for those enfranchised Indians ready to cast their vote and decide what government shall lead the nation in the years to come. The provinces of India have counted their ballots, and at last the result is...
The Unionists triumph at the ballot!
The Liberals seize the day!
The AIHRP achieve victory!
The Passing of Ganga Singh
Maybe the greatest Indian to have lived since the birth of the Raj, Maharaja Ganga Singh passed away at his royal palace in Bikaner State late last night. Having led a distinguished career within the British and Indian armies, Singh was the man who forged a stable legal government in the mad current of socialist rebellion and princely treachery.\n\nNow, with India stronger than ever, his place will be incredibly hard to fill.
The people of India enter a state of mourning.
J.R.D. Tata, the brilliant magnate, succeeds him as Viceroy.
A.C. Chatterjee, the stern diplomat, succeeds him as Viceroy.
Death of Khengarji III of Kutch
A progressive and venerable prince, Khengarji III of Cutch passed away this evening at his residence in Bhuj, Gujarat. Having ruled his state wisely for 67 years, the late prince will be mourned by many.
Fare thee well.
Passing of Sir Mian Fazl-i-Husain
The architect of the gentry/peasant (kisan) political alliance that laid the groundwork for the powerful Unionist Party, Sir Mian Fazl-i-Husain has passed away after a prolonged period of illness.\n\nHaving been absent from the day to day running of the party for a prolonged period of time owing to his illness, Fazl-i-Husain will nevertheless be sorely missed within conservative circles.
The Unionist Party soldiers on!
Aiding the New Indian Navy
With cross-Empire trade picking up, the Indian government has decided to expand its naval assets to help protect the increased shipping.\n\nThe Indian ambassador to [Root.GetNameDef] has approached our government with a request for development aid regarding both engineers and naval officers. This could be a great way of strengthening the Empire's position in the Far East!
Dispatch technical and development assistance!
They're on their own.
Arrival of the [From.GetAdjective] Naval Mission
After a vigorous sea journey the [From.GetAdjective] naval attachés and ship construction experts have debarked in Karachi. Should we set them up in Karachi itself or maybe expand the existing civilian naval hub in Bombay?
The naval delegates from the [From.GetAdjective] government have just arrived in Bombay. With their great experience of conducting operations in the Pacific the new Indian navy shall become a truly imposing sight on the high seas!
Use them to expand the Karachi naval base!
Set them up in Bombay, the beating heart of Indian commerce!
We should name a ship HMIS Bruce!
Fate of the Rebel Officers
With any remaining rebel remnants being swiftly rooted out, the rightful government's control over the nation has been fully restored. At last fully recognising their defeat, the defeated officers of the rebels have petitioned for amnesty in exchange for serving the Dominion.\n\nWhile more men would certainly be a benefit, especially with the experience the most skilled amongst them may have picked up in both stages of the civil war, accepting them in would certainly ruffle a few feathers, and potentially allow seditious influence to fester. A decision must be made on whether we should even accept these offers, instead of simply imprisoning them alongside the other traitors, and also who we should even consider letting in if we do.
Only let in the few skilled officers of the Republic.
Allow in some of those who fought against the socialists.
Let in the neutral officers from both rebel governments.
These men are beyond redemption, lock them away for ever!
Status of the Former French Colonies
France had been the only major rival to Britain's colonial ambition in India and despite the latter's ultimate triumph, the French remained entrenched in several small enclaves. With the inclusion of the late Madras Republic's territory we now control the largest of these former French possessions, Pondicherry.\n\nIt has been suggested that we restore some sort of autonomy to the city as a gesture of goodwill to our French allies, although this could be mistaken for tacit approval of foreign colonialism.
We can afford our French friends some special rights.
Merge the concessions into proper Indian states.
Ban all French institutions and enforce Indian values!
Future of the Bombay Pact
With the socialist armies completely routed, the Bombay Pact has effectively now dissolved, having served its purpose to defend against Calcutta's marauders. The pressing question on everyone's mind now however is: What happens next?
$dominion_of_india_events.99.d.start$ Despite the Federation's rival claim to being the true government of India, our mutual cooperation against Calcutta has shown that we do not necessarily need to continue to be at odds. While negotiations will almost certainly need to happen to attempt to figure out what the future holds, an agreement has been reached for now with Hyderabad to hold off on any talks for at least a month, to give us both time to recover and reorganise ourselves.
$dominion_of_india_events.99.d.start$ The Dominion has of course always refused to recognise the Federation's independence, even standing steadfast over the issue as the Bombay Pact was first negotiated. It seems unlikely that they will concede the issue at this stage, with it being widely expected that Lahore will soon demand our submission, absorbing our states into their regime. While for now an agreement has been reached to hold off on any talks for at least a month, to give us both time to recover and reorganise ourselves, we must begin preparing for what comes after this truce.
They should begin preparing for their accession already.
If they think we'll join willingly, we have plenty of bridges to sell...
Negotiators Arrive in Hyderabad
It has been over a month now since the eastern rebellion was at last put down, enough time for the initial chaos in both our territories and those in the south to subside. Not willing to wait a moment longer to at last reunify the nation, negotiators have been sent to Hyderabad, with the explicit aim of demanding their accession to the Dominion.\n\nWhile of course we are willing to grant great concessions if it means avoiding a second phase of the war, we must be ready for what may happen if they fail to act reasonably.
Let's hope they see sense.
The Dominion Demands Our Accession
With the month's grace period having elapsed, the Dominion has immediately turned its eyes south towards the Federation, and have sent a team of negotiators to demand the abandonment of our claim to national government and accession to the Dominion.\n\nWhile surrendering back to the British crown after years of freedom is a tough pill to swallow, [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has made it clear that they will not accept \
With the month's grace period having elapsed, the Dominion has immediately turned its eyes south towards the Federation, and have sent a team of negotiators to demand the abandonment of our claim to national government and accession to the Dominion.\n\nUpon the diplomats presenting their demands to Osman, he ordered their immediate arrest and at once began to prepare a new firman declaring the Federation's rule over the entire subcontinent and giving [RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s troops 24 hours to step down before they will be dealt with like an occupying force. The Dominion, unsurprisingly, has yet to agree to this counter demand.
Over our dead bodies!
The Asafia banner shall fly high over Lahore!
Demand autonomy and a place in government
Hyderabad Refuses Accession Demands
Somewhat unsurprisingly, the southern Federation have refused to peacefully reunify the nation despite our past cooperation, and have made clear that they will never accept the Dominion's rule over them for as long as they live.\n\nIt seems clear then what our next action must be.
Despite our peaceful intentions, the traitorous Nizam has ordered the arrest of our diplomats and has gone so far as to declare that we have 24 hours to stand down and accept his rule over all of India, or face war.\n\nIt seems clear then that we have been given no other choice.
It is time to show these traitors their place!
The Federation Demands Concessions
As expected, while the Federation has tentatively agreed to accede to the Dominion, their leadership have demanded a place in the nation's governance and a great degree of autonomy for their lands in the south.\n\nSuch extortionate demands are hard to stomach, but it seems if we wish to at last reunify the nation accepting them is our best option.
We accept their terms.
Who do they think they are to make such demands?
The Dominion Agrees to Our Terms
[RAJ.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has agreed to grant us the concessions we have demanded, and as a result Osman, as head of state of the Federation, has signed his final firman ordering the dissolution of the Federation and the accession of all of its members into the Dominion.
Hopefully we won't have to secede a second time...
AI path choosing
This is how the AI chooses which path it is going to aim towards. These are affected by the game rules.
SocCon
MarLib
SocLib
India
Indian
India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
Dominion of India
the Dominion of India
British India
British Indian
British India
$RAJ_social_democrat$
$RAJ_social_democrat_DEF$
$RAJ_social_liberal$
$RAJ_social_liberal_DEF$
$RAJ_market_liberal$
$RAJ_market_liberal_DEF$
$RAJ_social_conservative$
$RAJ_social_conservative_DEF$
$RAJ_authoritarian_democrat$
$RAJ_authoritarian_democrat_DEF$
$RAJ_paternal_autocrat$
$RAJ_paternal_autocrat_DEF$
$RAJ_national_populist$
$RAJ_national_populist_DEF$
Ganga Singh
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1886, in Bikaner, Bikaner State, Rajputana Agency, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGanga Singh's military and aristocratic career is among the most prestigious of any Indian prince on the continent. Privately educated at Mayo College and additionally tutored by a British civil servant, the British Raj took care to cultivate loyalty in Singh. After serving with the 42nd Deoli Regiment, fighting in the Chinese Boxer Rebellion, he served as Aide-de-camp to George V in 1902 for the coronation of Edward VIII and later for George's own coronation. Fighting in the Weltkrieg, he was a member of the Imperial War Cabinet and was party to the Treaty of Hanover.\n\nAs the sovereign ruler of Bikaner, his reforms became known as some of the most progressive in any Princely State. Ganga Singh's service in the Indian Civil War and his persistent support for Dominion status have made him a tremendously respected figure across the spectrum of the Dominion of India's politics. As such, Singh's selection as the first Indian Governor-General was met with wide acceptance. Singh now faces the task of reuniting the subcontinent under the British Crown, an unenviably and difficult quest for certain.§!
Jehangir Ratanji Dadabhoy Tata
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1904, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LScion of the prestigious industrialist Tata family, J.R.D. Tata's life began in France, unusual for most Indians. As a result, French became his first language and he was educated in a French Lycée where he was commonly mistaken as an Egyptian. He attended some private schooling in Bombay before briefly moving to Yokohama, Japan, and then moved again to England in 1923 to enroll in Cambridge University to study Engineering. Upon the British Revolution, Tata returned to India and formally renounced his French citizenship for Indian citizenship once the Dominion of India came into being.\n\nSince then, much of his time has been spent expanding the Tata Company to encompass the aviation industry. While the aftermath of the Indian Civil War left the Indian economy in a sluggish state, he hopes that reunification will allow for India to reach it's true economic potential.§!
Atul Chandra Chatterjee
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1874, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LChatterjee spent his younger years educating himself at the Presidency College in Calcutta, later transferring to a constituent college of Cambridge University where he graduated with honours. After passing his civil service examination in 1896, he worked in the United Provinces where he would later rise to become District Collector.\n\nChatterjee spent much of the immediate post-Weltkrieg period interested in labour issues, but rebuking the serpent of Syndicalism in all its forms. During the formulation of the Dominion's constitution, he contributed to the implementation of its labour codes, though not all of his suggestions made it into the final product. Though the Unionist government's failure to consult him during the 1936 Karachi Dockworker's Strike frustrated him, Chatterjee is committed to his role as an apolitical Governor-General.§!
Philip Walhouse Chetwode
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1869, in Westminster, London, England§!
Archibald Wavell
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1883, in Colchester, Essex, England§!
Lewis Heath
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1885, in Poona, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Maharaja Rajendrasinhji Jadeja
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1899, in Sarodar, Nawanagar State, Kathiawar Agency, India§!
Thomas Wynford Rees
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1898, in Cardiff, Glamorganshire, Wales§!
Hastings Ismay
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1887, in Naini Tal, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Claude Auchinleck
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1883, in Aldershot, Hampshire, England§!
Digvijaysinhji Ranjitsinhji
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1895, in Sadodar, Nawanagar State, Kathiawar Agency, India§!
Geoffrey Scoones
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1893, in Karachi, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Charles Hamilton Boucher
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1898, in Multan, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Francis Tuker
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1894, in Tobago, Colony of Trinidad and Tobago§!
Walter Lentaigne
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1899, in Rangoon, Rangoon Division, Province of Burma, British India§!
Khengarji III Sawai Bahadur
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1866, in Bhuj, Cutch State, Cutch Agency, India§!
Ishar Singh
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1896, in Nainwa, Bundi State, Rajputana Agency, India§!
Montagu Stopford
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1892, in London, England§!
Douglas Gracey
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1894, in Muzaffarnagar, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
John Henry Godfrey
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1888, in Handsworth, Staffordshire, England§!
Herbert Fitzherbert
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1885, in Kingswear, Devon, England§!
Khizar Hayat Tiwana
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1900, in Chak Muzaffarabad, Province of the Punjab, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a scion of the great Tiwana clan, one of the most powerful families that make up the Unionists, Khizar Hayat Tiwana's rise to the top of the party was hardly a surprise. Despite his own lack of experience, his father's influence combined with the backing of the Noon clan saw him made leader in the run up to the 1934 elections, and securing victory for the party during them. While there may be some in the party, especially amongst the Daultanas and Hayats, who wish to see Tiwana replaced with their own candidate, his tenure as prime minister has generally been viewed as a positive one.§!
Muhammad Ali Jinnah
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1876, in Karachi, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFirst entering into politics to promote the interests of India's Muslim minority, Jinnah organised the Lucknow Pact between feuding Muslim and Hindu independence leaders in 1916, and took part in founding the All-India Home Rule League during the Weltkrieg to advocate Indian self-determination. While also a member of the Indian National Congress during this time, the rise of Mohandas Gandhi and his domination of the INC in the years following the Weltkrieg would see Jinnah's resignation from the party and his exit from politics entirely.\n\nGandhi would soon be elected leader of the Home Rule League, effectively merging it completely into the INC, with its few remaining members turning to radicalism. The same radicalism would soon see India plunged into civil war, and the eventual creation of an Indian dominion in territories still loyal to Britain, although too little too late for many. For Jinnah however this new Dominion represented a great opportunity, for he could not sit by as chaos swept through the nation. Soon after he returned to politics, reviving the Home Rule name for his new party, and set out to create a new political movement to uplift all Indians regardless of faith or class, the same one he still leads to this day.§!
Mukund Ramrao Jayakar
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1873, in Bombay, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Tej Bahadur Sapru
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1875, in Aligarh, North-Western Provinces, British India§!
Iskander Ali Mirza
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1899, in Murshidabad, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1905, in Soura, Jammu and Kashmir, India§!
Fatima Jinnah
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Karachi, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Nevill Vintcent
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1902, in Oudtshoorn, Cape Colony§!
Mehr Chand Mahajan
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1889, in Kangra, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Sikander Hayat Khan
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1892, in Multan, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Ram Richpal Ohlyan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1881, in Garhi Sampla, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Feroz Khan Noon
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1893, in Hamoka, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Sundar Singh Majithia
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1872, in Majithia, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Charles Tegart
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1881, in Derry, Co. Derry, Ireland§!
Narasimha Chintaman Kelkar
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1872, in Miraj, Miraj Senior State, Southern Maratha Country, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile once a close ally of Chittaranjan Das and a member of his Swaraj Party faction of the Indian National Congress, Narasimha Chintaman Kelkar refused to join his fellow Swarajists in rebellion against Britain. Instead, he would join Mukund Ramrao Jayakar in the Liberal Party, aiming to ensure the prioritisation of Hindu interests in the newly formed Dominion. Kelkar is not only a man of politics, however; he is an accomplished playwright, and his works have been responsible for igniting increased national identity and political consciousness among the people of India.§!
Girija Shankar Bajpai
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1891, in Allahabad, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Hriday Nath Kunzru
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1887, in Allahabad, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Balakrishna Shivram Moonje
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1872, in Bilaspur, Central Provinces, British India§!
Narasimha Gopalaswami Ayyangar
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1882, in Tanjore, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Roy Bucher
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1895, in Edinburgh, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
Frank Messervy
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1893, in Trinidad, Colony of Trinidad and Tobago§!
Wamanrao Sawant
§YBorn:§! §Lin Gwalior State, Central India Agency, India§!
Arthur Bedford
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1881, in Greenwich, Kent, England§!
Jagdev Chandra
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1916, in Peshawar, North-West Frontier Province, British India§!
Aspy Engineer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1912, in Lahore, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Cecil Bouchier
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1895, in Fleet, Hampshire, England§!
Mehar Singh
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1915, in Lyallpur, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Indra Lal Roy
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 2nd, 1898, in Calcutta, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Mohammad Siddiq Choudri
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1911, in Batala, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Hardit Singh Malik
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1894, in Rawalpindi, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
British Commander
§LThis leader is a British officer, and will only serve us as long as we remain loyal to the Entente.§!
Old Hussar
Hindu Nationalist
Aga Khan
Nationalist Firebrand
