West Indies Focus Tree
Revolutionary Front
RF
National Resistance
NR
Freedom Coalition
FC
Parti pour l'Autonomie (Socialist)
PA (Socialist)
Parti pour I'Autonomie and People's National Party
PA-PNP
Parti pour l'Autonomie (Federalist)
PA (Federalist)
The Parti pour I'Autonomie and Labour Party
PA-LP
Unity Party
UP
National Consolidation Party
NCP
Patriotic Union
PU
Military Government
MG
Unification Party
UP
Parti pour I'Autonomie (Socialist)
PA (Socialist)
Labour Party
LP
People's Party
PP
British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party (Butler Party)
BP
Vickers-Armstrong
Jamaican Armoury
Kingston Dockyards
de Havilland Guyana
The Cayenne Agreement
The Cayenne Agreement was signed in 1931 between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies than the British, and has been the subject of a great deal of controversy.
Modified Cayenne Agreement
With the Parti pour I'Autonomie in power, the Frenchmen have been convinced to fight for the federation.
Young Army
While we may have experienced British general staff backing us, the idea of a West Indies army is relatively new. Our troops, while eager to learn, do not yet have the experience or training they need.
Artillery Investments
Increased Artillery Production
Land Air Cooperation
New Command
With Clifford's plan being chosen for the official West Indies doctrine, a strong emphasis has been put on having a proper plan and competent generals to carry them out.
Centralised Command
Clifford has been pushing his reforms forward more as of late with his most recent reform consolidating the generals to plan more effectively.
Army-Naval Command
Clifford's final reform has embraced the navy into the joint planning system, allowing for much more effective communication between the army and navy.
Increased Military Funding
Although our budget is limited, we have chosen to increase military funding, ensuring we are prepared for the next war.
The West Indies Air Force
No longer a meagre force mixed of volunteers, locally made planes, and natives, the West Indies Air Force has been created to protect our waters from the sky.
Increased Air Funding
Surprisingly enough, the government has decided to prioritise the funding of the Air Force compared to the navy and army, attracting more people to join.
Caribbean Trade
Trade within the Caribbean and even Central America is a very important part of our country, and it's only natural that our navy helps to promote this.
The West Indies Naval Academy
For a focus on self dependence, we have made our own naval academy to train our people on the basics of our navy.
A Canadian Naval Academy
Due to a worry of a lack of experience on our part, we have begun to rely on Canada for assistance in naval training.
Expanded Naval Production
Defenders of the Caribbean
Increased Naval Budget
As expected by most, the government has chosen to increase naval spending with our limited budget, ensuring our naval officers receive a high quality training.
Economic Downfall
The collapse of the British Empire has caused the majority of the market on the Home Isles to be closed off from us. With our exports and tourism now very limited, the Federation's living standards have been plummeting.
The Great Depression
Ripples of financial disaster have hit our country. When Black Monday in Germany extended the Great Depression in the United States, our economy has shattered even further. The people are upset and quality of life is dropping even lower than the poor standards we previously had.
West Indies Monetary Compensation
The revelation of what was discovered in the Moyne report led to a recommendation by the commission to increase the amount of funding going to the West Indies, which we have decided to respect.
West Indies Monetary Compensation
The revelation of what was discovered in the Moyne report led to a recommendation by the commission to increase the amount of funding going to the West Indies, which the Canadian government has decided to respect.
Tourism Monopolies
Social Programmes
Social programmes have been enacted in order to appease the people and improve the conditions of the West Indies in general.
Social Programmes
$WIF_social_programs_idea_desc$ Along with this, more money has been invested in the building of schools for the country to try and improve the standard of education.
Expanded Agriculture
With the Great Depression behind us, the price of sugar has made a steady rise from its plummet downwards. Sugar along with other crops have begun production in full again in order to restore our previous profits.
Agricultural Reform
Along with the expansion of the farming industry, many reforms have been set in place in order to make farming work at peak efficiency and with the correct standards.
Developing Industries for War
The Cayenne Agreement Compromised
The Cayenne Agreement signed in 1931 was signed between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies over the British, and has been the subject of a high amount of controversy. After the elections of 1937 the Cayenne Agreement has been confounded by NCP.
The Cayenne Agreement Rescinded
The Cayenne Agreement signed in 1931 was signed between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The agreement guarantees higher autonomy for the French colonies over the British, and has been the subject of a high amount of controversy. After the elections of 1937 the Cayenne Agreement has been being systemically compromised by NCP. This agreement now is only theoretically in work.
Federal Institute of West Indies
Federal Institute of West Indies is an advisory body whose task is to organise the integration process. [WIF_federal_institute_head]
Ralph Grey is the current head.
Robert Arundell is the current head.
Currently, the position of head is vacant.
French Conscription
The army will help us integrate the French into the Federation. Just as others they must serve in the army. The time of excessive autonomy is behind us.
Consolidation Disaster
Our nation is crumbling. Consolidation turned out to be a disaster.
Consolidation Failed
Our nation is suffering. Consolidation failed.
Consolidation Is a Bitter Success
Our nation is stabilising. Consolidation turned out successfully. We paid a high price for it but it was worth it.
Consolidation Triumph
Total triumph of the consolidation!
The Final Draft of the Constitution is a Resounding Success!
The constitution proposed by us turned out to be not only optimal for the parliamentary majority, but it is also assessed as well written. Journalists give it as a model of modern piece of legislation.
The Final Draft of the Constitution is received with Mixed Reactions
The desire to adopt a new constitution at any price and with a small amount of work led to the creation of another incoherent document. It's good that it even exists, but maybe we could have written something better.
School Subsidies
We offered state subsidies to improve the schools in French. Thanks to this, they can manage to match the level of English-speaking schools.
Labour Movement Ended
Cracked Down on Unions
It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
Plantation Issues
Freedom of the Press
It has been decreed that the press shall be free, and that the news can freely voice their opinions without fear.
United Workers
The workers' strife has been ended - workers are organised in unions, united against their oppressors, the capitalists.
A New West Indian Culture
'West Indian' is now accepted as a united culture. No longer will the people of the West Indies be split along ethnic and linguistic lines. Instead, they will continue on as one people.
Promotion of Trade
Trade has been promoted between the West Indies Union and the world.
Trade Union Dominance
The position of trade unions within the government has been elevated.
Mechanised Labour
Labourers can now use machines in their work to speed it up.
Concessions to the NCP
Concessions to Unity
Concessions to the Social Democrats
2nd Cayenne Agreement
The First Cayenne Agreement was signed in 1931 between British and French politicians regarding the status of the French territories. The 2nd Cayenne Agreement, however, guarantees equal rights and level of autonomy for the French and British colonies. It is far less controversial and moreover it better guarantees crucial civil rights for everybody.
Sangster Bill
Social liberal set of resolutions that surely is going to stimulate West Indies economy.
Increased Soldiers Wages
Conscription to the army should not be forced. To create content military, some funds should be devoted to increasing wages and improving the quality of life of military personnel. We are peaceful but we also need to protect ourselves.
Pacifism
There is no reason to increase the conscription to the army. That is why we can delegate part of the population back to the economy. We are peaceful and pacifist nation.
Informal Cooperation with Trade Unions
Building the Social Coalition
Decentralise Economy
A New Economy for the Confederation
The Grand Social Coalition
By convincing all the various radical groups in our country to law down their arms and cooperate with us to bring the country to prosperous socialism, we have managed to create a powerful block in the parliament and in the populace.
Legalised Trade Unions
By legalising the trade unions, whom leaders are friendly to us, we have increased the cooperation between government and industry, and have given a stronger voice for the workers in their plight.
Assisted Reconstruction
A Caribbean Economy
Clamp Down on Syndicalism
Lax Anti-Syndicalist Laws
The Second Cayenne Agreement
Mending the Language Divide
Left-wing political support will drop greatly and agreements with the French islands will be removed.
§RThe Internationale will enter the war. We may not be ready to fight them.§!\n
§YWe will offer a peace which assures our continued control over Bermuda and the Bahamas.§!\n
§CTensions can no longer lead to spontaneous socialist and imperial coups, though they may still create maluses.§!\n
Replace both §YSocial Programmes§! and §YAgricultural Reform§! with §YA Caribbean Economy§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
Replace both §YLegalised Trade Unions§! and §YDecentralise Economy§! with §YA New Economy for the Confederation§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
Two §Ylight cruisers§! and six §Ydestroyers§! will be transferred to §C[WIF.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
Four §Ydestroyers§! will be transferred to §C[WIF.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
§GOfficers loyal to the Empire will join our side until the rightful government in the West Indies has been restored.§!
§GAll officers who were originally assigned to the West Indies have returned to their previous positions.§!
We will choose to focus on preparing a navy that can project force far from our own shores.
We will choose to focus on preparing a navy that can properly protect our possessions in the Caribbean.
We will be forced to switch to Leatham's plan.
Canada has refused to send us ships.
The Conference is finished preparing.
§OWe will begin the preparations for the conference between parties.§!\n
§RWe will begin the conference, we can only hope the results will be positive.§!
§OWe must decide what the status of the Governor-General will be in the future of the Federation.§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-4.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-8.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+4.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §R-5.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+8.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!
\nThis will modify §Y$WIF_cayenne_agreement_2_00$§! by:\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §R-10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
§GA new agreement will be made based off our policies so far:§!
§RSocialist§! tensions will lower by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§RSocialist§! tensions will rise by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will lower by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will rise by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! will become §R55§!\n
§GSocialist tensions are removed!§!\n
§GTensions with the §CEmpire§! are removed!§!\n
Socialist tensions will become §R75§!\n
Tensions with the §CEmpire§! are lower than §R20§!\n
Consolidation will lower by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
Consolidation will rise by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
We gain $RIGHT|G0$ votes for the new constitution!\n
We gain $RIGHT|R0$ votes against the new constitution!\n
We gain $RIGHT|C0%%$ quality of the new constitution!\n
§RIf we vote now, the constitution won't pass.§!
£pol_idea Social Turmoil
Social Turmoil\n§W--------------§!\n§gThough politically united, the [ROOT.GetName] is socially divided. Loyalist and Socialist forces jockey for dominance of public life while Localist identity slowly grows amongst the nation's many culturally diverse islands.§!\n\n[WIF_coupornotloc]§YUpdates Dynamically:§!\n§W--------------\nCurrent tension with the§! §YSocialists§!§W:§! [WIF_socornot]\n§WCurrent tension with the§! §YEmpire§!§W:§! [WIF_britornot]\n\n§W$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_stability|=%+]\n§W$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_war_support|=%+]\n§W$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$:§! [?WIF.var_wif_pol_power|=%+]
Notes on calculation:\n-Baseline effects are calculated linearly. Five points of stability or five percent of political power gain are subtracted for each marginally higher level of socialist or Imperial anger respectively.\n-At medium or higher levels of anger, war support is deducted on the same scale.\n- Under a socialist or Imperial government, while maluses from the faction in power are obviously negated, the maluses from the other faction are intensified. This does not affect the threshold for a coup to occur.
§CVery Low ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§GLow ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§YMedium ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§OHigh ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§RVery High ([?WIF_socialist_anger])§!
§CVery Low ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§GLow ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§YMedium ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§OHigh ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§RVery High ([?WIF_british_anger])§!
§gIf tensions with any group reach a§! §RVery High§! §glevel, a §Rcoup§! may be launched.§!\n\n
§WN/A§!
[WIF_socialistangerloc]
§WN/A§!
[WIF_britishangerloc]
§RThe Moyne Commission shall release its report a year from now. If we do not take their suggestions and apply them by that time, the Unity Party can face harsh consequences, along with changes in the strike movement.§!
This will help the federation save face by the time the report releases.
§YA new socialist West Indian military is born.§!
§GThe Young Freedom Coalition pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§GThe Fringe Revolutionary Front pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§GThe Popular National Resistance pledges support for the Parti pour l'Autonomie Government.§!\n
§RThis will remove any form of the Cayenne Agreement currently in effect.§!
Entente
Internationale
French-Caribbean Exchange Programme
Granted Us Suzerainty Over Puerto Rico
The Moyne Report Is Released
The Airway Project
Right now the West Indies covers many locations, from all the way up to Bermuda all the way down to Cayenne. While the navy serves us well to help transport these waters for now, who knows when it will fail us, leaving us isolated from the majority of our country? As such, the government has begun to undergo a project of constructing airports and bases around the country as a failsafe in case we can no longer traverse our waters.
Jamaica Airway Expansion
Jamaica, currently considered one of the keys to keeping the Federation together as the industrial capital alongside Trinidad & Tobago and Guyana is in dire need of an official airbase. Without it, we could see our capital put in danger at the worst moment possible.
Bahamas Airway Construction
The Bahamas are possibly the most decentralised of all of our colonies, consisting of over 700 islands altogether. While not integral to the defence of the federation, it useful just for tourism profit from America and must not be lost.
Bermuda Airway Construction
A mere 50 square kilometres, Bermuda is often overlooked. However, thanks to its central position in the Atlantic Ocean, it has a high strategic value. We should capitalise on this by expanding the island's airfields.
Guyana Incident Reaction
The events in Guyana were a cruel act of barbarism. Innocent people lost their lives, killed by the syndicalist beasts. We must stop this spiral of hatred. The integration process shall begin.
Send in Special Forces
We must send in special forces to stop the rebellion in East Guyana and arrest instigators. It is unfortunate, but it is the only way we can stop the violence from getting worse.
Take over Bauxite Mines
We must take control over the bauxite mines and bring them to their full splendour. Full nationalisation will allow us to slightly increase extraction.
Propaganda Campaign
By slandering and depicting the people we arrest as monsters, we can sway public opinion to our side..
Establish Federal Institute
The Federal Institute of West Indies will be an advisory body whose task it will be to organise the integration process.
Integration Process
Consolidation is our priority. We must unify our homeland and we must do it as soon as possible. This will be evaluated by the integration rate. Depending on its value after the timer expires, we will receive an appropriate evaluation.\n\nIntegration rate levels:\n§G100-80%§!\n§H80-50%§!\n§R50-30%§!\n§R0-30%§!\n\n§gOur current integration rate: [?wifint]%§!
Integration Timer
When the timer ends, we will receive a proper evaluation of the process. If it is high enough we will recover the cores in the former French colonies.
Ask for Royal Assistance
We must ask his Majesty for help in the consolidation process. The plan calls upon the ever-generous monarch to send a group of lawyers and political scientists to assist with integration, in exchange for temporarily placing a significant portion of our Bauxite mines under full Canadian control.
Start the Guyana Trials
The beasts from Guyana became the main topic of talks between the inhabitants of the Federation. Numerous newspaper headlines have been devoted to them. It is high time for them to be judged. The arrested are detained in Trinidad. The trials are going to intensely affect our society.
Judiciary Unification
Consolidation requires us to unite our legal system. The old French laws must give way to the modern legal order inspired by the Commonwealth law. However, an important issue without which this system can not be introduced due to the pressure of our party are the Guyana Trials. As long as they do not start the legislative work on unification of the law will not be voted. Prominent NCP politicians' will should be sanctified.
French Conscription
We have begun a huge campaign to recruit residents of French Antilles to our army. The General Staff is opposed to the introduction of more French-speaking officers. This may make the functioning of our army more difficult, but on the other hand it will be a perfect example of harmonious consolidation.
Universal Rights Agreement
After guaranteeing civil rights for the inhabitants of the former French colonies, we still cannot count on their loyalty. However, we can arrange a great event in the Port of France. During the grand ceremonies, a declaration of the universal civic rights in the West Indian Federation will be officially signed. Certainly, this will make our people like us more. Moreover it will highly improve our party popularity.
Organise a Meeting with the Local Population
The government is taking the initiative to meet with the local population. However, the effect of such a solution is not sure. The fear that the population will react negatively is strongly justified. The basis is to prove to them that the consolidate is happening and it is harmless.
Flyer in French
A small manifesto has been published in Port of France. It is contemptuously called the 'flyer in French' by Kingston elites. It deals with matters that touch on ridiculousness. Most of the proposals should be rejected in the runs. However, the acceptance of a few more might appeal to the inhabitants of the French Antilles. The author of this failed work remains unknown... Nevertheless, the Federal Institute must carry out the analysis of the manifesto.
Francophonie
Already in September 1937, the first attempts to cooperate with the Sorbonne were made. It is time to intensify this relation. We can invite a representative of the Sorbonne. However, in order to get permission for their arrival we need to improve relations with the French Commune. It's going to warm up NCP image among the islanders. Moreover, it will allow us to organise Department of French Literature at the University of Kingston. Part of the inhabitants of Martinique and Guadeloupe will have a chance for high-quality education in French.
New Constitution for the West Indies Federation
Each category allows us to achieve a specific bonus. However, we must remember that §Hthe most favourable decisions may not be liked by the voters§!, and thus may not allow the adoption of a new constitution. Additionally, at the moment of voting, the §Cquality§! of our new constitution will be assessed. §C50%§! is enough to consider it §Cgood§!. This high quality constitution would §Cstabilise§! federation, improve national spirit and push us towards §Cmodernisation§!.\n\n§gTherefore, you should find equilibrium between the number of votes in favour, the quality of the new constitution and the amount of additional bonuses.§!\nVotes for: §G[?WIF_const_for]§!\nVotes against: §R[?WIF_const_against]§!\nConstitutional quality: §C[?WIF_const_qual]%§!
Address the Capitalist Economy in the Constitution
Address Personal Liberties in the Constitution
Address Reforms to the Political System in the Constitution
Address the Rule of Law in the Constitution
Address our Relation with Canada in the Constitution
Convince some Representatives to Vote
Final Voting on the Constitution
If we have more votes for than against, the new constitution will be passed. The effect of the new constitution on the legal order will depend on its quality. On the other hand if we lose the vote, it will cause political fiasco for NCP and a loss of stability.
2nd Cayenne Meeting
Undecided pool: §Y[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_undecided]§!\nRepresentatives for agreement: §G[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_for]§!\nRepresentatives against agreement: §R[?WIF_2nd_cayenne_meeting_against]§!\n\nWe need to gain as many supporters as we can, but 51 will allow us to pass the new agreement.
Parti pour I'Autonomie-Labour Party Coalition
[palpcoaltion]\n[palpcoaltion2]\n[palpcoaltion3]
Coalition is §Rfalling§!.
Coalition is §Yunstable§!.
Coalition is §Gworking§!.
Coalition is §Cstable§!.
We work with §CNCP§!.
We work with §YUnity§!.
We work with §RSocial Democrats§!.
We §Ydo not have majority§!. We can work alone or we can try to invite other party to work with us. As long as there is no majority government [Root.GetName] will suffer from destabilisation. Moreover there are some chances that our coalition with LP gets destabilised.
§YThe government has not been formed.§!
§YThe government has been formed.§!
Stabilise Coalition with LP
We can try to use our influence to stabilise our coalition with LP. But keep in mind that this action gets more expensive every time you use it. But keeping coalition with LP stable or working should be priority for us.
Report on the Party Status
Our party can be evaluated based on the stability of our coalition with LP. There are some nasty consequences for instability. But well working party can highly improve the quality of West Indies political life.
Form A Coalition with Another Party
We can start talks with other factions. Who we can offer cooperation will depend on the goals we have chosen and who we have worked with during the 2nd Cayenne Conference.
Falling Coalition Penalties
Every time after countdown you can get bad events or one helping you to improve the stability PA-LP coalition.
Form Majority Government
Finally. The West Indies needed it.
Minority Government Penalties
PA do not have majority in the parliament. Therefore we can not pass any new bills. To combat this, we need to find other party willing to work with us. Every week we wait our Federation loses a chance to develop.
Organise Meeting
Voting
Gain Votes from NCP
Gain Votes from Unity
Gain Votes from Social Democrats
Permanent Rule of the Governor-General
Looking at the history of elections in the Federation, Sir Fiennes has made the call to continue to rule without returning to democracy, lest it threaten to destroy the country again.
Strike Season
With a trend of labour strikes and a very alarming spike of French sympathy for the mainland, we're teetering on a very frightening scale of appeasing both the left and the right of our country, resulting in many referring to this time as our country's 'Strike Season'. Should we ever begin to go too far in sympathising with these anarchists, the Governor-General could intervene. Suppressing them too much, on the other hand, could lead to outright revolution. We'll need to be careful with our actions in the future while keeping this in mind.
Increase the Plantations' Fiscal Responsibilities
For a long time, the nature of our fledgling government has allowed the plantations to continuously falsify their profits, and thus, the amount they had to be taxed. While they still bring us revenue in the form of exports, this is a visible violation of the rule of law, and newspapers and socialists never miss a chance to report on it. We'd better increase our oversight of the finances of the plantations to increase the trust in the government.
Crack Down on Illegal Activities in the French Islands
Ever since the integration of the French colonies, the language divide has been a hard one to overcome. Another big issue was the fact that not all Frenchmen liked the new arrangements, and started trying to get around the stricter laws. Even worse, the French police have looked the other way when the crime involved anything regarding weakening the authority of the Federation, and British policemen do not have the tools needed to intervene in the French-speaking territories. We need to crack down on these troublemakers in a more concise manner, lest our hold on the French continue to weaken.
Increase Pressure for English Adoption
The language divide in the federation has to be solved, and the current policies are too slow. We need to fund English schools for adults, and enforce English as a secondary language in the curriculum of all French schools.
Allow Yellow Unions
While unions are toxic to the federation's economy, we could concede to socialist unrest and legalise a milder form of unionism, one that the corporation still has control over.
The West Indies Federation was created as a result of the collapse of the British Empire in 1925 due to being unable to exert the influence to control the region directly. After the incorporation of the French colonies in 1927, the country has been home to not only a noticeable class divide but a cultural and ideological one as well. The people and new generation have seen a noticeable drift towards socialist attitudes and preference towards the communards on the mainland. All it could take is one wrong step before chaos erupts on the Indies...
GFX_WIF_intro
Introduction to the West Indies Federation
The West Indies Federation has had a troubled history since its creation, with what was initially a divide between Englishmen who did and did not want to incorporate the French colonies evolving into a complete split between French and British culture. The victory of the NCP (National Consolidation Party) in the 1925 elections resulted in the incorporation of French colonies, but with deep socialist roots in them, it immediately grew into chaos.\n\nThis ended with the victory of the UP (Unity Party) and signing of the Cayenne Agreement in 1931. This established the ability for the French to make their own parties and allowed them higher autonomy than the British colonies. While this move turned out well at first, it seems to have only increased tensions in the long run with the moderate right demanding the entire agreement be repealed and replaced with a new one, while the left wants to further increase autonomy for either the French or all territories of the Federation.\n\nA new party, the PA (Parti pour l'Autonomie), a huge mesh of French socialists and liberals along with a smattering of left-leaning British politicians designed to represent the left, was created in 1933. Partially as a response to this, the NCP has steadily been rising in power and popularity again due to a large part of the British population feeling like it got a bad deal in the Cayenne Agreement. Having barely slipped by in the 1933 elections, the Unity Party stands in a dangerous position.
§MPA-PNP Victory§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete no more than one Moyne Commission reform focuses before the Moyne Commission makes its report, and the §SPA-PNP§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MPA-LP Victory§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete two or more Moyne Commission reform focuses before the Moyne Commission makes its report, and the §lPA-LP§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MUnity Victory§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete at least one Moyne Commission reform focus before the Moyne Commission makes its report and the §mUnity Party§! can be elected in the Federal Election.\n\n§MNCP Victory§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Simply choose the §cNCP§! as the winner in the Federal Election. It will always be available no matter how many Moyne Commission focuses were taken or not.\n\n§MThe Governor's Push§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Be at peace and have tensions with the Empire be at 80 or above and the coup will randomly fire.\n£white_dot If you complete the focus \
Labour Strikes in Guadeloupe
Guadeloupe has always been a hot spot for socialists, even while under French rule, with the majority of the population being left-leaning. The island's recent peace ended today when the recent trend of labour strikes in the British colonies finally spread to the French.\n\nOver two thousand farmers have gone on strike for unfair working conditions and extremely high unemployment rates on the island. There is great worry about this strike growing beyond Guadeloupe itself and becoming something bigger, so the problem will need to be dealt with soon.
Arrange a meeting in a week's time
Let them protest
Meeting in Basse-Terere
Today the Governor-General has met with the French protestors along with a translator to try and appease the farmers in Guadeloupe. Although the language gap was hard to breach at first, the farmers' demands have eventually become apparent. They want to dramatically improve working conditions in both the British and French colonies within one and a half years. These terms are seen as difficult to meet, mainly due to the lack of clarity, but with the meeting already over we're left with a choice.
We'll try our best
Sorry, lay down clearer terms next time
Reverberations from Black Monday
Our economy has slowly been escaping American reliance since the United Fruit Company merged with the Boston Fruit Company, but complete escape was impossible even with self-rule of the West Indies. This has come to bite us in the back as a consequence of Black Monday. The Great Depression worsening in the United States has hit us and our poor populace hard, and our already small economy has been thrown into even more chaos. Not only that, but the recent Labour Strike Movement might see an increase in activity as well as a result.
Our world is shattered
Jamaican Protests
Protests have begun today in Jamaica, complaining about the slowing down of Jamaican development. While the island was traditionally stable before the decade began, Jamaican protests have become a common occurrence, especially compared to some of the other British islands, for many reasons. Economic development has completely halted, though they fund about 42% of the federation, with Guyana and Trinidad & Tobago being the next up in funding. The people grow tired of the lack of development, degrading social standards, cemented rule of governors, and the plantation system still being in use within much of the Federation. While this protest was rather minor compared to others in the past, people fear the steeper economic decline could worsen the political situation of the Federation, and make occurrences like this much more frequent and probably larger.
It's always the Jamaicans
The Moyne Commission
With the recently degraded state of the West Indies' economy causing an organised labour movement within the region, this has been a cause for some concern on our part. The Canadian people have always felt close to those within the West Indies Federation, due to a similar upbringing from colony to a British-led federation, increasing their desire for a formalised search into the region and its problems. This has resulted in the formation of the Moyne Commission, expected to go around to each colony within the federation and see exactly what their problems are, starting in the colony of Guiana. The officials in charge of this are Walter Guinness, 1st Baron Moyne as the lead, Dr. Mary Blacklock who works in tropical medicine, Professor F. Engledow who has expertise in agriculture, economist Hubert Henderson, Sir Percy MacKinnon who is representing Canadian financial interests, female liberal politician Cora Taylor Casselman, noted anti-socialist trade unionist Walter Citrine, 1st Baron Citrine, and finally conservative politician Ralph Assheton. Together their objective is to investigate the problems in the West Indies, starting a week from now.
Let's hope our worry is unfounded
The Moyne Commission
With the recently degraded state within our country and the many labour strikes plaguing the nation, the Canadian government has decided to send a commission to investigate the situation within our country. This has resulted in the formation of the Moyne Commission, instructed to go around to each colony within the Federation and see exactly what their problems are, starting in the colony of Guiana. The officials in charge of this are Walter Guinness, 1st Baron Moyne as lead, Dr. Mary Blacklock, who works in tropical medicine, Professor F. Engledow, who has expertise in agriculture, economist Hubert Henderson, Sir Percy MacKinnon who is representing Canadian financial interests, female liberal politician Cora Taylor Casselman, noted anti-socialist trade unionist Walter Citrine, 1st Baron Citrine, and finally conservative politician Ralph Assheton. Together their objective is to investigate the problems in the West Indies. They have already embarked for the Caribbean, and they plan to begin a week from now.
We'll be sure not to disappoint
The Moyne Commission Surveys Guiana
At their starting place, the Moyne Commission heard many testaments - from the everyday person to the small but slowly increasing trade unions within the region. The main conflict within Guiana has been a very steep divide between Afro- and Indo-Guianese people, with the Afro-Guianese being much more European in mindset and politically active while Indo-Guianese have little to no representation within their region, remaining seen as the lower class of the nation. Afro-Guianese also have better paying jobs, mostly in bauxite mining, while the Indo-Guianese remain traditionally rice farmers.\n\nThe suggestions from the commission have ranged from Sir Percy Mackinnon advising us to attempt to 'civilise' the Indo-Guianese to others like Walter Citrine, who recommends the promotion of non-socialist trade unions as both a counter to the current organised labour movements as well as an aid to regional prosperity.
Not the best start for us
The Moyne Commission Surveys Trinidad & Tobago
Previously visited by the Forrester Commission back in 1934 due to its notably high amount of unrest, the Moyne Commission has begun to survey Trinidad & Tobago. Most of what was reported by the people and the Civil Service Association was what was already known before, with the higher class rice plantation owners constantly cracking down on attempts for the workers to gain self-sufficiency, along with problems maintaining its oil holds. The rich amount of oil located in Trinidad & Tobago often spills into the already terrible rice fields, making the process all the harder.\n\nThe recommendations were the same as from the Forrester Commission, with the cracking down of the higher sugar classes on the workers rights from Walter Guinness himself, with others like F. Engledow wanting to see oil production organised to help the people have an easier time producing the rice which the colony feeds itself with.
Is it really as bad as the last time?
The Moyne Commission Surveys the Minor Islands
The surveying of the minor islands was significantly easier according to Percy Mackinnon, as many of the problems were much of the same. The sugar farmers are constantly cracked down upon, with small trade unions growing all over. However, among the islands one stood out, Barbados. Barbadians were very fervent about the way they are stomped down upon, and the need to help the trade union movement in order for these islands to further develop to reduce the insane reliance on the 'Big Three'(Trinidad & Tobago, Jamaica, and British Guiana). Some other things of note were the large amount of women in the workforce, leaving many men without jobs, feeding the unemployment within the many islands.\n\nAn incident occurred during this surveying, with Walter Citrine disappearing for a day, apparently going around and showing extreme sympathy for the Barbadians, providing scholarships and very large donations to these fledgling trade unions. He was quickly reined in, but his actions already had their effects, with Barbadians growing more resistant to our government. Despite the incident, the Commission suggests we look into the standards of living in these sugar plantations, and to encourage women to return home to manage the families in order to secure more positions in jobs for men.
Barbados sure is rowdy...
The Moyne Commission Surveys the French Colonies
The surveying of the French colonies was a bit more unique in a sense, as a translator was required for the meetings to actually work. The survey process was slow and chaotic, but it has at long last been completed. Conditions on the French islands were similar to British areas, but with fewer plantation issues and more... starvation. Hunger riots have begun to plague the French colonies, as they struggle to get the food they need with people starving on the streets. Many blame this on higher population density of islands like Guadeloupe and Martinique compared to the others, making jobs harder to find especially without the French government available to supply food on demand for the islands when these problems occur. Recommendations have ranged from promoting the development of the islands to ensure more people have jobs in order to feed their families from Hubert Henderson, while F. Engledow wants to increase the amount of government-owned plantations in order to ensure people get the jobs they need so that they can feed themselves and their families. Some others have also recommended that we ask the French for help in feeding these colonies, but it is very doubtful whether they'd even accept such an offer.
This is truly embarrassing
The Moyne Commission Surveys Jamaica
What was 'long awaited' by the commission is the most prosperous but also most chaotic of the colonies. Right off the bat, the people furiously protested the plantation economy within the region, with it being a very similar situation to the other colonies, with a richer class forcing the lower to work for a very low wage. This problem was even worse in Jamaica, with its high population density making finding these jobs a much more desperate endeavour, resulting in others searching for... alternative forms of making money. Sponsored by the United Fruit Company itself, people are encouraged to come to Jamaica for 'Summer pleasures with the women' just for the women to be able to scrape by. The rest is a really bad combination of almost everything else, leaving Jamaica to be one of the most profitable but internally undesirable of all the colonies.\n\nWalter Citrine has directly approached representatives of trade unions in Jamaica in order to donate and expand them as an early measure, but many things will need to be done regarding the colony. Possible solutions include reforming the plantation system, opening up more jobs to remove the prostitution problem, and developing other islands to reduce the reliance many have on Jamaica within the federation.
Our jewel is never calm
The Moyne Commission Surveys Bermuda and the Bahamas
Bermuda and the Bahamas have always been significantly more stable than the other islands, seeing relative improvement overall. The surveying of the Bahamas noted divides between rich white plantation owners and the black working class, but it is seen as a much more mitigative problem compared to the other colonies, while Bermuda has been more prosperous than it has been for a while now. It has begun to develop a booming tourism industry, with the industry on Bermuda slowly expanding as a result.\n\nNot much has to be done regarding Bermuda, with the Bahamas needing the same treatment as the other colonies, with the need to help the lower class to grow in self sufficiency in order to be able to slowly remove the outdated plantation system.
A calm in the storm
The Commission Returns to Canada
The commission officially returned to Canada today, having seen all they wanted to see. We have received a large variety of suggestions from the multitude of people, but it can be summed up as:\n\n1. Move women from the factories to the household, in order to secure jobs for the men so they can earn a living for themselves and their families.\n\n2. Hold checks across the many plantations, ensuring that health standards are kept in check, while also making sure the people are able to work within them in a humane manner.\n\n3. Help to build an education system within the West Indies, in order to ensure the slow gain in self-sufficiency as people grow more knowledgeable, with the end goal of eventually abolishing the plantation system in favour of a modern economy.\n\nAs a more personal suggestion from Walter Citrine, he recommends the slowly birthing West Indies trade unions forge together the beginnings of a new way of life for the region in the form of non-socialist trade unions. As a final suggestion that lies more on their shoulders, they will request overtime funding from the Canadian government to help the development of the West Indies, although it is unknown whether the Canadian government will accept such a deal. For now all we can do is try and implement some of their suggestions before the report is officially released, to prevent as much backlash as possible.
We'll try our best...
The Moyne Commission Returns
The Moyne Commission has officially returned today, and their news is not especially pleasant. We have received reports of what they refer to as 'slavery in a different form', with the plantation economy still being the main form of development within the islands. Among this, there are many other problems like United Fruit Company promoted prostitution in Jamaica, class divides in Guiana between Indo and Afro-Guianese, oil spilling in Trinidad & Tobago. Walter Guinness himself said that this generation is suffering from a century of neglect from the empire, and they expect the West Indies government to handle the problem immediately.\n\nNeedless to say, many Canadians are disgusted by the happenings in the West Indies, those who they see are very similar to them in ways. It has left a stain on the imperial family and the current government, one that the West Indies will hopefully erase soon for us.
How could it have been so bad?
Suggestions from Walter Guinness and the Commission
Walter Guiness and the rest of the commission have come up with a suggestions to help the situation within the West Indies, and it is a two year fund into the West Indies to help them along their new multitude of projects to help the region. While this will take a toll on our income, it could serve significantly towards helping calm down the rampant socialist movements within the West Indies along with helping them develop their industries along the way.
Increase our funding in the region
Surely this isn't our responsibility!
Funding from Canada
Thanks to the Moyne Commission, the imperial government has begun a slow overtime investment into the West Indies economy, granting a large sum over a period of two years. This has helped improve the face of the imperial family and Canada among our people, serving as a good way to calm down the socialist movements along with tensions with the empire. We can also expect to start construction projects to help increase the amount of jobs available within the West Indies overtime as a result. Hopefully this will pay off in the end.
Hopefully this can assist us
Canada Refuses Aid
It seems the Moyne Commissions attempt to obtain funding for the development of the West Indies from the imperial government has failed, with it being stamped out in parliament. We are now expected to fund the multitude of projects as a result from the commission using our own measly income. This has also slightly strained relations among our populace, with the socialists suing this as another case of the empires betrayals against our people.
We can make it on our own, then
Spreading of Calypso
Calypso which has begun to spread on the islands of Trinidad & Tobago has started to gain popularity not only within the Caribbean, but within the Americas as well. The songs by various Calypso artists like Atilla the Hun and Roaring Lion have been recorded and available for purchase around the world. Calypso is mainly troublesome from a political perspective, as it is used as a way to speak against the government through hidden meanings within their songs. As anti-Federation and anti-British sentiment begins to rise within the Federation, many governors fear the spread of this new style of music could cause people outside of the federation to sympathise with their cause.
This is unacceptable, ensure politics is removed from Calypso
Free speech is a basic human right!
Living Standards Continue to Fall
As the decline of the United States shows no sign of abating along with Black Monday itself, the government's ability to react to the economic crisis has been limited at best. This can easily be seen as more continue to be jobless due to the closing of plantations and farms across the various islands, with many worrying about making it to tomorrow without food for their families. Many blame the government, specifically the unity party, for the failures of the federation's ability to deal with the declining situation. All we can do is continue on our current course to recovery despite the criticism despite the disappointment of many.
We're trying our best
An Incident in Jamaica
As the country continues to fall into despair, Jamaica has been a hotbed of unrest as usual. Today was seen as a spark to the people, as a small group of recently unemployed farmers assembled around the capitol building of Kingston protesting against the Unity Party. This crowd eventually began to grow to fifty men. While no one knows who truly started it, a small regiment of police attempted to break up the group until violence eventually broke out. At the end of it, ten of the protestors had been sent to jail with the rest escaping to God knows where. Luckily, we have managed to keep the situation somewhat contained for now, largely preventing the story from spreading to the rest of Jamaica. No one knows what can happen in the future however...
A close call for sure
Strikes in Jamaica
With the Federation's economic troubles and internal political strife, there have been several calls for strikes in the heart of the Federation: Kingston. A few days ago, the fears of such event taking place in Kingston have finally come to pass, as a strike has been successfully called by the Kingston dock-workers of the United Fruit Company, with many other workers joining up their strike in support of their cause with the help of the Trade Union leader Alexander Bustamante.\n\nAs the strike went on, Bustamante travelled from meeting to meeting exhorting the people to stay focused and united and stay on strike for better wages, managing to convince the Transport Workers' and Factory Workers' representatives, almost paralysing the heart of Jamaica and crowding the surroundings of the Queen Victoria Statue. With a rousing speech, Bustamante assured the workers that with this show of solidarity he would be able to go forward and negotiate with the government on their behalf from a position of strength. As policemen began reaching the scene to contain the strikers, Bustamante called upon the people to go home in peace and stay united. However, his calls fell on deaf ears as the strikers began throwing rocks at the police, causing one of the officers to panic and order his troops to start making warning shots. As the situation escalated, the policemen were pushed back as the crowd began to overwhelm them. The crowd began advancing towards the Governor-General House near the intersection of Hagley Park Road and Half Way Tree Road. Hearing the news, the Governor was ordered to evacuate, but thankfully for us the crowd was stopped by the arrival of reinforcements from our police department, managing to break the strike and leading to the arrest of several influential figures, including Bustamante and William Grant. While many consider this to be a close call, our control over the city still stands strong.
With the Federation's economic troubles and internal political strife, there have been several calls for strikes in the heart of the Federation: Kingston. A few days ago, the fears of such event taking place in Kingston have finally come to pass, as a strike has been successfully called by the Kingston dock-workers of the United Fruit Company, with many other workers joining up their strike in support of their cause with the help of the Trade Union leader Alexander Bustamante.\n\nAs the strike went on, Bustamante travelled from meeting to meeting exhorting the people to stay focused and united and stay on strike for better wages, managing to convince the Transport Workers' and Factory Workers' representatives, almost paralysing the heart of Jamaica and crowding the surroundings of the Queen Victoria Statue. With a rousing speech, Bustamante assured the workers that with this show of solidarity he would be able to go forward and negotiate with the government on their behalf from a position of strength. As policemen began reaching the scene to contain the strikers, Bustamante called upon the people to go home in peace and stay united, which eased tensions of an open conflict with the police force. However, In spite of his request for non-violence, small scale rioting led by radicalists throughout Kingston paired up with the vandalisation of government buildings has caused significant damage, although our hold on the city still stands strong.
With the Federation's economic troubles and internal political strife, there have been several calls for strikes in the heart of the Federation: Kingston. A few days ago, the fears of such event taking place in Kingston have finally come to pass, as a strike has been successfully called by the Kingston dock-workers of the United Fruit Company, with many other workers joining up their strike in support of their cause with the help of the Trade Union leader Alexander Bustamante.\n\nAs the strike went on, Bustamante travelled from meeting to meeting exhorting the people to stay focused and united and stay on strike for better wages, but in the end his efforts were in vain. Many of the potential strikers have contented themselves with the reforms passed by our government not so long ago, and while there has been some small scale vandalism in the area perpetrated by radicalised workers, the strike has died out fairly peacefully and the city goes back to normality.
Let's hope it stays that way
Fighting in Guyana
Following the events in Kingston, what started as a seemingly small dockworkers' strike has escalated into a full blown riot in the urban area near the Lamaha Canal in Georgetown. While the area had been relatively free of workers' unrest since the Ruimveldt Riots of 1905 and the Ruimveldt Shooting of 1924, the recent economic downturn has managed to respark the fires of rebellion in the area. As the situation escalated, more and more disgruntled workers from the Sugar Workers' Unions joined the strike, and the deployment of the Georgetown Garrison from the north towards the Botanical Garden only escalated the situation. When the dust settled, 13 rioters have been found dead, and at least 24 more have been hospitalised for their injuries. While the city now remains silent and solidly under our grasp, this riot marks yet another black chapter in Guyana's history. Nevertheless, the Georgetown garrison has been deployed around the city and will remain that way for some time in order to prevent another riot from breaking out.
Following the events in Kingston, what started as a seemingly small dockworkers' strike has escalated into a full blown riot in the urban area near the Lamaha Canal in Georgetown. While the area had been relatively free of workers' unrest since the Ruimveldt Riots of 1905 and the Ruimveldt Shooting of 1924, the recent economic downturn has managed to respark the fires of rebellion in the area. As the situation escalated, the Georgetown garrison was deployed from their barracks in the north towards the Botanical Garden, pushing back the crowd into the narrow streets of the city, and while acts of vandalism have been recorded throughout Georgetown, the rioters were dispersed without civilian casualties and several of their leaders have been apprehended. Nevertheless, the Georgetown garrison has been deployed around the city and will remain that way for some time in order to prevent another riot from breaking out.
Following the events in Kingston, what started as a seemingly small dockworkers' strike has escalated into a full blown riot in the urban area near the Lamaha Canal in Georgetown. While the area had been relatively free of workers' unrest since the Ruimveldt Riots of 1905 and the Ruimveldt Shooting of 1924, the recent economic downturn has managed to respark the fires of rebellion in the area. Thankfully, the riot hasn't grown out of control, and the damage to the city has been kept to a minimum. Nevertheless, the Georgetown garrison has been deployed around the city and will remain that way in order to prevent another riot from breaking out.
One would think such a small city would be less troublesome...
Food Riots in the French Colonies
With the dependence on Tourism for most of their economy, the islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique have been hit hard by the recent economic downturn. As the prices of basic commodities, specially food, is higher and the average wages are lower than those in Jamaica or Guyana, it should be no surprise that workers and farmers in the area have finally become fed up with their situation. Strikers have started to go into the streets of their small island-cities in order to protest for an increase in their wages in order to be able to afford for their costs of living. Riots sparked in Fort-de-France and Bahie-Mahault, and our local police quickly overwhelmed by the strength of the protestors. Luckily, a marine detachment managed to be deployed in time in order to contain the rioters, but this decision didn't came without a cost however. As our marines weren't prepared to deal with urban unrest, they decided to control the riot by firing on the protestors. Several rioters have been gravely injured and are receiving treatment at their local hospitals. There have been no reports of fatal casualties and we have managed to contain the situation, at least temporarily, and with promises of improved life conditions should prevent another riot from breaking out in the near future.
With the dependence on Tourism for most of their economy, the islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique have been hit hard by the recent economic downturn. As the prices of basic commodities, specially food, is higher and the average wages are lower than those in Jamaica or Guyana, it should be no surprise that workers and farmers in the area have finally become fed up with their situation. Strikers have started to go into the streets of their small island-cities in order to protest for an increase in their wages in order to be able to afford for their costs of living. Riots sparked in Fort-de-France and Bahie-Mahault, and while the local police has managed to deploy in time in order to prevent serious damage to our possessions, acts of vandalism throughout the city will definitely make a dent in our next monthly budget for the island. Nevertheless, we have managed to contain the situation and promises of improved conditions should prevent another riot from breaking out.
With the dependence on Tourism for most of their economy, the islands of Guadeloupe and Martinique have been hit hard by the recent economic downturn. As the prices of basic commodities, specially food, is higher and the average wages are lower than those in Jamaica or Guyana, it should be no surprise that workers and farmers in the area have finally become fed up with their situation. Strikers have started to go into the streets of their small island-cities in order to protest for an increase in their wages in order to be able to afford for their costs of living. Luckily, our recent reforms have already alleviated most of their demands, and as such we have been able to quickly manage to contain the situation and convince them to disperse with promises of improved conditions.
A Small Price to Pay for their Loyalty
Plantations problems in Trinidad and Tobago
With the collapse of the sugarcane industry and the failure of the cocoa industry as a result of the recent economic downturn, the Trinidad labour movement has begun to meteorically rise to prominence within the island. Led by Arthur Andrew Cipriani along with preacher Tubal Uriah Butler and many more, the Labour organisations have finally grown bold enough to declare general strike on the island. With both wings fighting side by side, our negotiations to end the strike quickly broke down, and after a few hours of an almost uncomfortable unrest, a massive riot broke out in the city of Port of Spain. While our police force was more than capable of handling the riot, several strikers as well as police officers have been wounded in the ensuing skirmishes, and the strike has become yet another stain in the public image of our administrations. Despite having apprehended the leaders of this strike, it seems like the labour unrest in the area has only just begun...
With the collapse of the sugarcane industry and the failure of the cocoa industry as a result of the recent economic downturn, the Trinidad labour movement has begun to meteorically rise to prominence within the island. Led by Arthur Andrew Cipriani along with preacher Tubal Uriah Butler and many more, the Labour organisations have finally grown bold enough to declare general strike on the island. While some of our recent reforms have managed to drive Cipriani's strikers into the negotiating table from the get-go, Butler's strikers' demands quickly outgrew his more moderate counterpart. After negotiations with Butler broke down, a riot sparked at the heart of Port-of-Spain. While our police force in the area was more than capable of containing the riots, our public image has been stained, and labour unrest in the area seem to have only just begun...
With the collapse of the sugarcane industry and the failure of the cocoa industry as a result of the recent economic downturn, the Trinidad labour movement has begun to meteorically rise to prominence within the island. Led by Arthur Andrew Cipriani along with preacher Tubal Uriah Butler and many more, the Labour organisations have finally grown bold enough to declare general strike on the island. Luckily, our recent labour reforms have allowed us to get some room to negotiate with the strikers, and while we will have to make a few extra concessions exclusively for the farmers of Trinidad, the strike is scheduled to be lifted as soon as the new legislation passes through. While this is a victory for our administration, it seems like the labour unrest in the area has only just begun...
Damn it!
Overview on the Compliance with the Moyne Commission Suggestions
The Moyne Commission has returned, and their impression of our reforms is most dire. We ignored all of their plans and ideas, and the string of unrest and strikes that we had earlier this year is proof of that. Their report on our development has been most damning, and the Crown is greatly disappointed of us.
The Moyne Commission has returned, but their impression of our reforms isn't the best. While we heeded some of their plans, not managing to implement a good enough amount of them has left its scars on the country. Looking at the poor implementation of the initial report, and the strikes earlier this year, the updated report has been on the negative side, although it highlighted our desire to follow their plans, albeit at our slow pace. The Crown has not commented on our situation.
The Moyne Commission has returned, and they seem most pleased. While we did not finish all the reforms, we're noted as being 'on the right track'. They remark that the mild strikes we had earlier this year could have been much worse, were we not to try our hardest to improve the situation of our citizens. The Crown has also expressed its good impressions towards the new report.
Only we know what's better for the Federation!
We move at our own speed!
We're only doing what's best for the Federation.
The Winds of Change in the Political Landscape
As the elections loom over the horizon, the events that lately shook our Federation, mainly the wave of unrest and the Moyne report, have resulted in big changes in the political landscape of our country.
The National Conservative party still has a strong support base in the anglophile population, and stand a good chance at winning.
$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.start$\n\nThe total lack of reform has shunned people away from the Unity Party, making it a practical non-entity in the eyes of the electorate. The status of the reforms has also forced the Parti pour l'Autonomie into side lining their moderate members, and forming a coalition with the People's National Party, lead by Norman Manley.\n\n$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.end$
$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.start$\n\nThe lacklustre reforms have withered the support for the Unity Party, but efficient propaganda by them might still secure a win.\n\nDue to the increased tensions from a perceived lack of reform, the Parti pour l'Autonomie has had its more moderate members sidelined, and has formed a coalition with the People's National Party, lead by Norman Manley.\n\n$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.end$
$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.start$\n\nThe good attempt at reforms has guaranteed the Unity Party a shot at victory.\n\nDue to their most pressing issues being resolved, the Parti pour l'Autonomie has had its radical members sidelined, and has formed a coalition with the Labour Party, lead by Alexander Bustamante.\n\n$west_indies_federation_politics_events.29.d.end$
Onwards, to the elections!
Federal Elections
Despite all the setbacks in the recent time, the day has finally arrived for elections in the West Indies Federation to take place, without any issues having been reported so far. The parties have been fiercely campaigning for months, and the last few years still weigh heavily in the minds of the people. As the votes are cast into the ballots across the country, everyone asks themselves the same question: Who will win the struggle and receive the mandate to fix the issues that plague the Federation?
The PA-PNP Coalition!
The PA-LP Coalition!
The National Conservatives!
The Unity Party!
The Socialist Revolution
The socialist movement in the West Indies has been angered greatly, and it has seen its culmination. A revolution has been declared across the West Indies, and a syndicalist transitional government under Tubal Uriah Butler's British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party has been instituted. The Governor-General has been ousted from his seat in Kingston, and the islands are experiencing rapid change.
For the Revolution!
Revolution in the West Indies
It seems the mismanagement of the West Indies has finally become a flashpoint. The long-suppressed socialist movement in the Indies has been angered greatly by recent upheavals, triggering a revolution across the West Indies. A syndicalist transitional government under Tubal Uriah Butler's British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party has been instituted. Our Governor-General has been ousted from his seat in Kingston, and now we face the possibility of an Internationale outpost right on our doorstep. We face a difficult choice - withdrawing will surely see the rebels align with our hated enemies in the Home Isles, yet a campaign in the Caribbean could take up vital resources needed for the reclamation of the Isles.
We must take them down!
Withdraw. They are not worth the costs.
Officers Return to the West Indies
With the revolt in the West Indies firmly crushed, the officers who had been previously assigned to the colonies have now departed back to return to their old positions within the Indies.
Hopefully they'll keep things stable this time.
The Governor-General's Coup
As the socialist current encroached on the West Indies, the Governor-General kept receiving more and more complaints from his Majesty's most loyal subjects. More and more calls for equality and wealth distribution have muffled the cries for help of the people who helped the Crown most.\n\nAs the country has drifted further and further apart from the Crown, the Governor-General has made a hard choice today. He elected to listen to the demands of the few loyalists left in the federation and moved in with the army to replace the democratically elected government. Martial law has been declared, and steps have started to be taken to revert the most damaging reforms.
Long live the King! God save the West Indies Federation!
The Future Powers of the Governor-General
While the Governor-General is an unifying figure, alongside the monarch, in the eyes of the British, the French feel like they are constantly reminded by their British subjugation. They ask for the local French governors to have equal power to the Governor-General, to be able to veto everything issued by the Governor-General with respect to their colonies. This of course, usurps the central authority and angers the British subjects, seeing it as sowing dissent in the Federation.
Accept the French proposal.
The Governor-General is representing the Crown, this is madness!
Sending the Invitations to the Conference
As we are close to finishing our preparations for the conference, the most important part is about to commence: calling the Parti pour l'Autonomie and the National Conservatives representatives to join us at the hall. Let us hope that nothing bad happens until we start.
Send the invitations!
The Parti pour l'Autonomie Arrives
The delegation of the Parti pour l'Autonomie has arrived at the agreed upon location, with no issues. However, as soon as they arrived, representatives from Légitimus's and Lémery's factions have already started to quarrel on the minutiae of the ideas they'll present at the conference.
Let's hope they don't resort to violence.
The National Conservatives Arrive
The National Conservative delegation has arrived, and have kept a safe distance from the Parti pour l'Autonomie, to ensure that they won't be provoked into an unfortunate incident. It seems they really do desire to seek compromise for the betterment of the Federation, as long as it doesn't come with too many concessions at the detriment of the British.
Well, at least they're prepared.
The Conference is Prepared
With every party having taken their seats, we can start the conference, with the best interests of the country in mind. Let us put away our differences in the name of the people of the Federation!
Let's begin!
The Status of the Parti pour l'Autonomie
While they are the main reason for the coup, the Governor-General could still keep the Parti pour l'Autonomie legal, and have them send representatives to the capital to consult with the Governor-General. However, while this would temper some of the tensions in the socialist camp, it would look bad in the eyes of the general populace.
Allow it to operate
Ban it!
The West Indies Confederation
The Parti pour l'Autonomie government in the West Indies Federation has been preparing this bill for months, but today the deed was done: they severed all ties with the Canadian government, except their allegiance to the crown and the Entente. They are now de facto independent, but have promised to remain loyal to the duties that come with being subjects to his Majesty.
We shall accept the wishes of the West Indies people.
This is an affront to Canada! We shall invade to restore order soon enough!
Canada Declares War
In response to the change of our relationship, Canada has declared war on us. The Governor-General has ensured us that his loyalty is to the people of the West Indies, and that his Majesty laments this course of action.
To arms!
The Governor-General Retires
After more than a decade of faithfully serving king and country, Sir Eustace Fiennes has decided to retire at the ripe old age of 75. His Majesty has decided that his successor will be the leader of the Unity Party, Sir Gordon James Lethem.
A new era in the Federation
Trinidad & Tobago & Calypso
The suppression of political messages in Calypso has ironically birthed politically bound protests. Trinidad & Tobago has seen many rally behind prominent Calypso artists like Attila the Hun, Roaring Lion, and Lord Invader, declaring it a suppression of free speech. While there haven't been complete protests, Governor Bede Clifford has reported a general sense of unease among the people, which doesn't help the already high unrest on the islands.
Come on, it's only music
The Calypso King
Today is the first ever 'Calypso King' contest, where various Calypso artists in Trinidad & Tobago are going to be competing to become King of Calypso. The top three candidates who were expected to win were Calypso veteran Attila the Hun, Roaring Lion, and former boxer Calypso 'new guy' Growling Tiger. as seen as unexpected by most, Growling Tiger has managed to completely stomp the competition, winning with his hit song 'Trade Union'.
Congratulations to Growling Tiger!
The West Indies Plantations
The laws concerning the plantations are old, some even from the time of slavery. This is clearly visible when seeing the quality of life and the rights of our plantation workers, which are appalling. These workers are the one of the main sources of socialist unrest, and they are striking more and more, while working less and less. However, any reform that brings these people to a higher standard of living would be met by resistance from the owners of the plantations, since it would cut their profits. It would also reduce one of the main sources of revenue of taxation of the federation itself, while making ourselves weaker in the eyes of Canada.
Pass laws codifying higher living standards.
Ensure they keep working, plantation workers need no additional privileges.
The Resignation of Thomas Cubbit
Though some knew this was coming, Thomas Cubbit still surprised many by resigning as Governor of Bermuda today at 9:00 AM. He has now met with both the West Indian and the Canadian government, and has officially retired from all politics and the army as well, wishing to enter retirement as he enters what he predicts to be the last years of his life. His position has been filled by another well-known general from the Great War, Reginald Hildyard. Reginald has promised to continue what Cubbit started in Bermuda, by assisting development there and helping the West Indies Federation improve its army.
A sad but necessary day
The Naval Situation
Despite how much Cunningham and Leatham get along and agree on some aspects of naval control, they hold one very fundamental difference. Leatham has long been an advocate for naval reform within the British Empire and desires to bring his plans of a smaller but more controlled navy to fruition, meant on defending the Caribbean. Cunningham believes in the exact opposite, he believes reclaiming the mainland is the duty of the West Indies as a part of the empire, and thinks the navy should be a critical part in assisting with that. We're left with the choice of who to side with. Many believe siding with Cunningham as Commander in-Chief of the West Indies station, but some are excited by the prospect of Leatham's plan...
Side with Cunningham
Side with Leatham
Request from the West Indies
The West Indies has given us an offer to take old ships from the Great War off our hands, as we have little use for them. Not being used for years now, the West Indies plans to use these as a base of a better navy to help themselves and us achieve victory in the end, so we could benefit from this.
Sign off the deal
Refuse the deal
The Ships Dock
Canada has accepted our request, sending us many Great War and in some cases pre-Great War ships. While they are in somewhat rough condition, they serve as a good base to make our navy off of into the future.
To the future
The Ships Never Arrive
Despite our best efforts, Canada has refused our request and the ships never did arrive in the West Indies. Why they did this we might never know, but all that this signifies for us is an early end to Cunningham's doctrine and needing to move to Leatham's anyways due to the lack of ships.
Despite our best efforts, Canada has refused our request and the ships never did arrive in the West Indies. Why they did this we might never know, but all that this signifies for us is a higher need to produce our own ships to use into the future.
We'll carry on
A New Socialist Army
For we have carried out our revolution, we must now build up our army further. A new military is needed for the West Indies to carry out the Socialist Revolution. To do so, we must begin to train and scour for troops who will serve our new regime to the very end.
Arise, soldiers!
Anti American Riots Spread in Puerto Rico
With the Civil War now in full swing, we have received unnerving reports from the Governor of Puerto Rico, Blanton Winship, about anti-American rallies and protests asking for independence of the island from our government. While secessionism in Puerto Rico has been strong since the US annexed it back in 1898, it had never gathered enough strength to threaten the Governorship. With our hands full on the mainland, the Governor has requested for us to give him exceptional powers to handle the situation and try to seek a resolution. What should we do?
These Rabble Rousers will Disperse on their Own
Tell the Governor to Handle it on His Own
Tell the Governor to Handle it on His Own (Play as Puerto Rico)
Puerto Rico Given to the Entente
The US government has decided to give us the island of Puerto Rico. There is talk among our military that the island provides a perfect position for our fleet to operate in the Southern Atlantic. Still, others believe it should belong to our friends in the West Indies.
Puerto Rico shall become a part of the Federation
Prepare to turn the island into a naval base
Puerto Rico Given to the Federation
Canada has declared that the former US island of Puerto Rico shall become a Federation possession. It is a great day for the whole of the West Indies!
Time to celebrate!
Puerto Rico Integrated
After years have passed since the American civil war started, and Puerto Rico was given to us, its integration in our state apparatus has been completed, and Puerto Ricans have become active members of our armed forces and political life.
3 Hurrahs for the newest member in our federation!
[From.GetName] Asks Us for a General
[From.GetName] needs foreign expertise in furthering their army. As brothers in revolution, it is our duty to help them further the cause. The committee has decided that James Francis Brewer would be best for the job.
Send him.
We cannot afford to send anyone right now.
[From.GetName] Asks Us for a General
[From.GetName] needs foreign expertise in furthering their army. As fellow subjects of the Crown, it is our duty to help them become more proficient in liberating the homeland. The high command has decided that Philip Neame would be best for the job.
Send him.
We cannot afford to send anyone right now.
[From.GetName] Accepted our Request
[From.GetName] has accepted our request to grant us a general.
Let's hope he will prove Useful to us.
[From.GetName] Rejected our Request
[From.GetName] has refused to grant us a general, claiming they could not spare anyone.
Damn it.
Dutch West Indian Possessions Taken
In the wake of Dutch capitulation, our government ordered the seizure of nearby Dutch colonies without a moment of hesitation. We cannot allow a hostile power to gain a foothold in the region.
We will protect them.
[From.GetName] Seizes Our Colonies
[From.GetName] has taken invaded our Caribbean possessions in the wake of our capitulation. Perhaps one day we will be able demand their return.
Damn.
Ottawa Visit Announced
It caused us immense backlash. Voters are embarrassed by the fact that the first place where our head of government is going is Ottawa. The post-election tension only builds up. Many people think that the neglected parts of the Federation should be visited first.
They do not understand
The Delegation Arrives in Ottawa
Upon arrival in Ottawa, a great welcome ceremony took place. During the meeting with the king numerous assurances about mutual cooperation were made. The Canadian press praised our new government for its loyalty. At the same time, the pressure from the country began to build up. Our people want us to take advantage of this opportunity and gain some economic help from Canada. We must decide whether to limit ourselves to strengthening our position in the alliance. We can also risk our good relations and ask them to send us support. If the king refuses us, we may be compromised in the country.
God save the King
God save the King and the people of West Indies
Ottawa Pledge
A new leader of the West Indies Federation has come to Ottawa. After the magnificent ceremony of pledging allegiance to the king, a series of diplomatic meetings took place. After 3 days, the visit has come to an end. Our old alliance has strengthened even more.
Splendid
West Indies Wants Our Assistance
A new leader of Western India had came to Ottawa. After the magnificent ceremony of pledging allegiance to the king, a series of diplomatic meetings took place. After 3 days visit has come to an end. Our old alliance has strengthened even more. But at the end of the visit, representatives of West Indies began to put forward increasingly bold demands. We must decide whether we will send them demanded help and allow our relationship to blossom. Also it will allow to strengthen new government in Kingston. But is the stability of the political scene in West India more important than the interests of Canadians?
Fulfil the request
Reject the request
King [CAN.GetLeader] appreciated our devotion and praised our Federation many times. This has allowed us to build up the popularity of our party and calm the social unrest.
What a success! In the coming days, help from Canada will come to our shores. We showed our citizens that this is truly their government.
A disaster! The king refused to help us. How can we now convince our citizens to the idea of consolidation without the help of Canada?
Results of Ottawa pledge
After all it was worth the effort
French (East) Guyana incident
Today, after the government of West Indies announced a plan to strengthen ties with former French colonies, a group of 100 people stormed the town hall in Cayenne. Local residents are convinced that they will manage to win even more autonomy. Kingston has been alarmed that East Guyana is getting out of our hands. The government, however, stands firmly in its policy, it may exacerbate the situation in other French-speaking areas. Experts are convinced that the so-called East Guyana incident will quickly die. They treat it as an alarming outbreak of the local population rather than an organised uprising. After all, in order to avoid the widespread rebellion, we must calm the unrest in East Guyana as soon as possible.
They can not threaten us
Bauxite Mine Strike in East Guyana
An armed group of 35 people took control of the largest bauxite mine in East Guyana. According to our informers, 4 guards were killed during the fight. To our surprise, the local police department refused to intervene. We are afraid that the level of loyalty in police departments of former French colonies is too low to entrust to them any task.
Barbaric
Reaction from Kingston
Edward Brandis Denham, in response to his countrymen from Eastern Guiana, said that the violence we witnessed in the last days would not give rise to a similar crime on his part. However, to stop this barbarity, it will be necessary to send a group of experienced Jamaican policemen. He promised that all the detainees would face a just court that would assess their guilt. He ended his speech with the following words:
The time for consolidation has come
Islanders Support
Today, Félix Éboué's statement reached all radio stations and newspapers in the Caribbean Sea basin. The governor of Martinique and Guadeloupe expressed support for the brothers from East Guyana. He explicitly opposed violence as a solution, but he drew attention to the fact that the conservative government of Edward Brandis Denham violated all previous arrangements that enabled the functioning of the French-British fragile cohabitation. He also referred to national pride and the need to defend French identity. The manifesto met with a broad response from the French population of West Indies. Tonight, numerous support marches are planned and the windows are full of French flags. Moreover during this celebration in East Guyana great fire broke out which consumed much of the city of Cayenne.
The time has come for consolidation
Who Will be the Chairman during the Trials?
We must decide who will lead the judgeship during the trials. This will have a strong impact on type of the punishment and more importantly on the social reception of this entire spectacle. A party demanding the most severe penalties is proposing a young and ambitious judge from the Bahamas to be a chairman. This judge is known for his effectiveness in combating organised crime on his native islands and in Jamaica. On the other hand, some politicians are afraid of even greater social tensions in the French part of our Federation and they offer an experienced judge from Montreal. This is an option that would surely please the king too. However, this judge is famous for his liberal views and aversion to the death penalty. We must decide about the direction of our legal system.
The judge from Bahamas
The judge from Montreal
Weren't They too Harsh?
After a long trial with many testimonies, including from the wife of the deceased guard, the judge leaned back in his seat. It was time to deliver the sentence. The crowd clamored for the death penalty, but quieted as the judge stood. Taking a deep breath, the judge made his decision. The punishment would be...
Death sentence
Public execution
Life sentence
Weren't They too Gentle?
The judge began his justification by quoting Christian respect for life. Based on wonderful common law, he decided to give judgment that respects life and justice. Should the crimes be given diverse sentences, or as a group??
Diverse sentences (from life-time to 10 years)
Parole
New Governor of Guadeloupe and Martinique
In the next month we will have to choose a new Governor of Guadeloupe and Martinique. Unfortunately, our candidate was discredited among the local population. The only options are the PA candidates. We were able to contact Donald Sangster. We are sure that he will help us in implementing integration policy. He is ready for reforms. However, the population is fully in favour of Hégésippe Légitimus. Unfortunately, this choice may make it difficult for us to continue integration. Hégésippe Légitimus will certainly focus on the interest of the French proletariat, not the good of the Federation.
Donald Sangster
Hégésippe Légitimus
Head of the Federal Institute
At the head the Federal Institute can be either a radical and authoritarian Ralph Gray or the Minister of Internal Affairs Robert Arundell. Unfortunately, as the head of the ministry, he will have less time to engage in integration. However, Gray is famous for his very radical views and will certainly destabilise West Indies Federation.
Ralph Gray
Robert Arundell
The Situation is Improving
We managed to get out of the integration fiasco created by NCP. Their plan failed but we managed to regain control over the region. Their bad decisions won't harm our agenda.
Great!
School Strike
Our elementary education system allows teaching French. This subject, however, is of marginal significance. To get the best education you need to know English. This is the result of a long-term underfunding of schools with Francophone affiliations. The teachers disturbed by the difference in the quality of teaching, started a strike. They are supported by local elites and clergy. They can also count on the support of local people. NCP sees the sleeping potential of these schools. We must decide whether to allocate funds for their funding.
Let them strike
Promise subsidies
Guyana Criminals Lynched
In the prison of Port of Spain, criminals from Guyana are detained. Because of the failure of our state to decide on their future, the residents of Trinidad decided themselves to bring justice. They got sick from waiting. Today in the evening the crowd stormed the prison. During the fuss an accidental fire broke out. Unfortunately, despite the efforts of firefighters, fire got out of our control. The vast areas of the city were destroyed. Important industrial plants have been devastated. Unfortunately, such a price is paid for dismissing justice and delay.
Damn
Flyer in French Addressed
The Federal Institute has analysed the manifesto and selected a few key proposals that will be easy to implement or ones that will bring tangible benefits to the entire Federation.
Mount Pelée Street issue
Great exhibition
Economic integration programme
Mount Pelée Street Issue
On 8 May 1902, a volcanic eruption of Mount Pelée destroyed the town of Saint-Pierre. Moments later, all but a handful of its nearly 30,000 residents were dead, including the governor, who had come with his family to reassure the population. And in our capital of Kingston there is a street named: Mount Pelée Street. In the manifesto they demand us to change this name. It is ridiculous. It was not named in order to mock this tragedy. But we may make use this in our advantage. We can change it and honour king Edward. We can also honour Victims of this tragedy. And finally we can build a monument in their honour.\n\nThe more expensive the option, the greater the chances of success. The costs of each decisions (in political power)\nA: 10pp\nB: 12pp\nC: 25pp
Name it after King Edward
Name it after the Victims of the Moun Pelée
Build a monument for those victims
Great Exhibition of West Indies Culture
Another noteworthy idea is to organise an exhibition on the culture of French Antilles. Of course, it will be an exhibition about the entire Federation, and the French Antilles will be presented as an integral part of the federation. We can choose where this exhibition is about to take place. The larger the range of the exhibition, the greater the chance of satisfying the supporters of the manifesto.\n\nThe more expensive the option, the greater the chances of success. The costs of each decisions (in political power)\nA: 15pp\nB: 25pp\nC: 40pp\n
Homeland
Ottawa and New York
World Tour
Economic Integration Programme
We can concentrate on 1 of 3 options. The first is to enlarge the port in Port of France. The second considers transferring the fish processing plants back to the Port of France. These factories in 1934 moved to Kingston due to economic reasons. The third option is a wide programme of industrial development using local potential. This project seems to be particularly difficult. However, it will allow the economic and commercial linking of the federation industry.\n\nYou have starting 66% chance of success. The costs of each decisions (in political power)\nA: 30pp\nB: 60pp\nC: 90pp\n
Build up docks of Port of France
Send factories from Jamaica to Port of France
Great industrial project
How hard should we work on this
We must decide how much we will get involved in this project. It will increase costs but it will also increase the chances of success!
+0%
+50%
+100%
Flyer in French Effects
Let's hope we succeeded. The political cost may be high, but it will be worth it.
What has happened?
What has happened?
What has happened?
French-Caribbean Exchange Programme
Some scholars from the Sorbonne, with connections within our Federation, invited French-speaking students to study in Paris. Our government has been sent such cooperation proposal. On the one hand, it seems unworthy to cooperate with syndicalists. On the other hand, we can export some syndicalists to a country where they would be welcomed. They might not come back.
Sign it.
Reject it.
French-Caribbean Exchange Programme
Students sent to Paris for exchange are about to return to the Port of France. We thought that the life in Paris would show them the reality of syndicalism. But they were treated like kings there. Some of them decided to stay in France and we thank them for it. Less problems for us. However, our intelligence states, after a detailed collection of evidence, that returning students pose a threat to our democracy. During the scholarship, they succumbed to radicalisation and may initiate unrest.
French-Caribbean Exchange Programme is over. Due to the government change all the students had to prematurely come back home. Maybe knowledge gained abroad will be useful to them here.
A contract with the government in Paris is no longer binding. Citizens of the West Indies Federation staying in France can contact the government in Jamaica if they want to return. Some of them, however, look for a shelter in the European centres of socialism. Fall of Paris broke their hearts.
Allow them to come back.
Prohibit them from entering.
Welcome home.
Commune of France is gone.
Address the Capitalist Economy in the Constitution
We must establish the legal basis for our economy in the constitution. Most of our peers from NCP are in favour of conservative capitalism. A transparent system will create great conditions for an economic boom. We have 3 options to choose from:\n\n1. Clear rules of the capitalistic economy.\n\n2. Refer only to basic issues to satisfy more people.\n\n3. There are too many syndicalists in this country. Ignore the issue in the constitution.\n\nFor the quality of the constitution, clarity of regulations would be important. However, it will be easier to pass a constitution that suits a larger group.
1. Gain quality, lose voters.
2. Status quo.
3. Lose quality, gain voters.
Address Citizens' Rights in the Constitution
We need to establish a package of fundamental rights for our citizens. Of course given rights must respect traditional values. Despite this our party knows that some changes are needed. We have 3 options to choose from:\n\n1. A modern package of fundamental rights that is going to be unpopular in our own party.\n\n2. Copy this passage from the current constitution.\n\n3. Constitution can not guarantee anything. Let's not make more concessions.\n\nFor the quality of the constitution, it would be important to codify fundamental rights compatible with the modern days. However, it will be easier to pass a constitution that suits a larger group.
Address Political System Solutions in the Constitution
NCP has always fought to create a strong federation in which there are no autonomous regions. Writing a new constitution allowed us to prevent future attempts to fragment our federation. We have 3 options to choose from:\n\n1. Strong federation.\n\n2. Federation, but with the possibility of autonomous regions.\n\n3. Leave the system as it is.\n\nFor the quality of the constitution, it would be important to modernise the provisions defining the political system of West Indies. On the other hand, the NCP has exhausted many of its resources for the consolidation process. The reticent constitution seems to be an easier solution.
Address Rule of Law in the Constitution
West Indies Federation is a proud country, but we must be aware that in terms of government, we are departing from European standards. In the constitution, we can create instruments to effectively combat pathologies that ruin the work of the NCP. We have 3 options to choose from:\n\n1. Efficient instruments to fight corruption and crime.\n\n2. The state operates efficiently in this regard today.\n\n3. We should not fight it. It could backfire at us.\n\nFor the quality of the constitution, it would be important to create a legal order in which our prosperity and strength would develop. Remember, however, that the fight against many fronts can end tragically for us.
Address our Relation with Canada in the Constitution
We must name our precise relationship with Canada in the constitution. We have 3 options to choose from:\n\n1. Define our relationship in detail.\n\n2. Name the basics of the relationship.\n\n3. Ignore the topic.\n\nFor the quality of the constitution, it would be important to define this relationship. However, some of our opponents would prefer to see only ambiguous answers in the constitution.
Polishing our New Constitution
We can sacrifice some resources in order to improve the quality of the constitution that we are writing currently.
Everybody needs to work harder
Work on it
Today we rest
Try to Secure New Votes
We can try to gain some additional votes for our new constitution. Some members of our government suggest that we can try some more effective ways og gaining supporters.
Try talking them into it
Try promising favours
Try corruption
NCP Votes
Make concessions for NCP votes. Some funds are going to be allocated to the implementation of their goals. Are we ready to sacrifice enough to get a political ally?
Accept!
Reject!
Unity Votes
Make concessions for Unity Party votes. Some funds are going to be allocated to the implementation of their goals. Are we ready to sacrifice enough to get a political ally?
Social Democrats Votes
Make concessions for Social Democrats votes. Some funds are going to be allocated to the implementation of their goals. Are we ready to sacrifice enough to get a political ally?
Conscription Dilemma
The Social liberals focus mainly on pacifism. Therefore there is no reason to increase the conscription to the army. That is why we can delegate part of the population back to the economy. This will cause an economic boom. An alternative concept involves professional conscription to the army. The army should not be forced. To achieve it some funds should be devoted to increasing wages and improving the quality of life for military personnel.
Pacifism
Soldiers attracted by better wages
Autonomic Economic Development
The Cayenne Agreement guaranteed increased autonomy of the post-French parts of the Federation. However, they were still crippled by the central government. There are voices that it would be worthwhile to bring economic decentralisation and give people tools that would allow independent development. This would result in weakening the central government, but it would be economically beneficial. Donald Sangster has drafted a plan. It considers sale of unprofitable companies owned by country, local vocational training plans, matching profitable enterprises to local needs and not promoting Canadian companies in West Indies.
One step too far
It sounds great
Corruption Scandal
Some of our higher ranked politicians have been found out to be corrupt! As the papers are spreading the news, our standing in the eyes of the people has been tarnished.
Damn them!
Mass Resignation
A wave of resignations has hit our most critical offices. This has severely reduced the efficiency of our institutions, and we can only speculate what caused it.
Damn it!
Personal Conflicts between PA and LP
The LP is much more conservative compared to our faction of PA. Thanks to this, small conflicts about the future of our government continue to emerge. This time, however, there are no chances of mitigating the conflict.
Our coalition stability is going to drop.
Successful Coalition Discussions
The various party leaders have come to a conclusion on the future plans for the governing coalition. This will actually enable us to take good steps towards a better tomorrow, with the agreement of everyone.
Great!
Coalition Turbulence with LP
Our coalition stability is going to drop. The LP is much more conservative compared to our faction of PA. Thanks to this, small conflicts about the future of our government continue to emerge. This time, however, there are no chances of mitigating the conflict.
Let's hope it won't become worse.
PA-LP Legislative Success
Despite the lack of a parliamentary majority, we managed to push through favourable changes. This is a great success of our party. Our coalition's stability is going to rise.
Great!
Form Majority Coalition
We have finally managed to create a coalition with another party, and our new arrangements will help us govern more effectively, even if we had to compromise.
Let our coalition with the Unity Party prove useful.
Let our coalition with the NCP prove useful.
Let our coalition with the radical PA prove useful.
Penalty for Minority Government
Because of our refusal or inability to form a majority coalition, some new conflicts between LP and PA occur. It is going to hurt our coalition stability.
The stability of our coalition is going to drop.
Joining the Internationale
We have decided to join the Third Internationale. A delegate representing the West Indies Federation has been sent to Paris, where we will apply for membership.
To Paris we go!
Elections Restarted
The socialist revolution has succeeded and the West Indies Union declared. Now that the rule of the socialism is safe within the West Indies, elections have restarted and the people have taken to the ballots. There are three major candidates -\n\nThe British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party, more commonly known as the Butler Party (BP), under Tubal Uriah Butler and his clique, who aim for a higher position for trade unions in the West Indian Government. Butler's supporters are largely British socialists from Trinidad.\n\nThe People's Party (PP), under Aimé Fernand David Césaire, consisting of mainly French socialist youth who wish to see maximum autonomy for all provinces within the Union.\n\nThe Parti Pour l'Autonomie (PA), now separated from the radical PNP after the revolution and led by Joseph Lagrosillière, aiming for a somewhat democratic system of political parties and consisting of mainly French citizens and Jamaican English politicians.
The Parti pour I'Autonomie steals the polls!
The People's Party comes out on top!
The Butler Party wins in a landslide!
The PA's West Indian Union
Joseph Lagrosillière and the PA have come out of the elections victorious, and have assumed control of the government. Lagrosillière promises freedom for all, greater autonomy for the provinces, and democracy within the Union.
We will see how his promises turn out...
Lagrosillière Announces New Education Programme
Joseph Lagrosillière has announced that the government will be supporting local public schools and funding a new socialist curriculum Aimed at improving workers and the common folk, making them more useful at labour and training a new, young, generation to improve the status of the West Indies. Along with hiring new, more professional teachers, the entire curriculum is under rework, with many elective subjects being taken away and replaced with mandatory classes to reduce possible factor immobility.
We will watch this with great interest...
Education Programme - Year 1 Report
The education programme has gone well so far, but there have been many setbacks. Children, especially those already enrolled in schools, are finding it increasingly hard to adjust to the new curriculum and many complaints have been raised, especially regarding student freedom in choosing classes. Teachers have complained about not receiving high-enough pay, something that the government should consider to fix.
Interesting...
Education Programme - Year 2 Report
As a new wave of students roll in and workers have started to go to school again to get better educations, things are looking bright for the new education programme. Teachers no longer complain as much about the lack of pay, but some have raised questions about the efficiency of the new curriculum, especially in the new Mathematics and Science textbooks. Professionals are looking into the textbooks now to see if they can fix anything.
Everything is going well!
Education Programme - Year 3 Report
It has been 3 years since the implementation of the new social democratic curriculum, and many have found it to be too politically charged. It seems as if too many students are becoming annoyed with constant references to the greatness of democracy and socialism, and would rather not see it in their textbooks. We have taken their complaints to heart and worked on de-politicising the curriculum.
Seems like they didn't like politics much...
Education Programme - Year 10 Report
Students who entered school with our curriculum are now reaching the end, and are almost ready to graduate and go to college. However, students who entered the curriculum in their second year of school are finding it very hard to get high scores on the national exams and enter international colleges. It has been suggested that the curriculum be changed to be more intensive and college-preparatory.
Understood.
Education Programme - Year 20 Report
Twenty years have passed since Joseph Lagrosillière implemented the education reform. In those twenty years, West Indian workers have received much more education of a much higher quality. Our nation is now more advanced than ever, and technological research has speeded up. The West Indian Union now supplies great minds to across the world.
Hurrah!
The Government Increases Welfare Spending
The government has increased their welfare spending, choosing to focus less on things like the military in favour of the social welfare of people. The more wealthy have been taxed more to bring the less fortunate up.
To a more equal society!
The Housing for All Programme
The 'Housing for All' programme has been announced, which will see the use of unused land in the island of Jamaica and other, less inhabited islands for housing, with the aim to provide shelter for the homeless of the West Indies.
An admirable effort!
Canada Responds
In response to the socialist takeover of the West Indies, the Dominion of Canada has declared war on the new West Indies Union as an attempt to reverse the Revolution and put a Governor-General back in charge of the West Indies. Their ships are ready and their guns are loaded, and we must be ready to fight back.
Let's give them a fight they'll remember!
The West Indian Culture
Aimé Césaire has declared the West Indian Culture to be a united culture, uniting the myriad island cultures of British and French West Indians. He has promoted this new culture, claiming that it will usher the Union into a new age.
We are one people, one nation!
A Victory for the People's Party
Aimé Césaire and his People's Party have won the elections, supported by West Indian socialist youth. Césaire promises autonomy for all, and his inauguration speech ended with much applause. It seems as if the West Indian populace approve of him greatly.
Congratulations!
The Autonomous Provinces
President Césaire has decreed autonomy for the provinces, each with their own local governance. He is seeking a federal path, with the central government in Kingston becoming less dominant in the provinces. With this autonomy, however, Césaire has emphasised the idea of national unity, and the bonding together of West Indian people in the face of hardship and capitalism.
Another step forwards for the Union!
A New Healthcare System
The President of the Union has implemented a new free healthcare system, with all citizens of the West Indies subject to the programme. He has taken inspiration from European models, but added the socialist element of healthcare for all.
A great new system!
Opening of the West Indian Workers' Museum
The Workers' Museum has just been opened in Kingston, with an old colonial government building repurposed to house it. The exhibitions show the hardships of West Indian workers and unions in resisting colonial rule and the British. It houses, too, an exhibition about the history of the West Indies before the Europeans came, and an international exhibition showing off items from other countries in the Internationale.
Glory to the Union!
A Call to Arms
'Brothers and sisters of the West Indies, we call upon your help today to fight against Canada and her Entente. We have, after decades of struggle, finally broken free, and liberation is near. But heed my words, fellow West Indian brethren - if Canada and her Empire manage to gain hold of the provinces once again, she will not be kind to our workers.'
To arms, comrades!
Canadian Ships near Montego Bay
Canadian ships have been spotted near Jamaica's Montego Bay, apparently haven taken a detour around Cuba and the Cayman Islands. They fired on us, but our men there stood bravely, however, and our defences held against the Canadian attack.
They can't get us!
Discourse within the Union
Even though the war has brought the myriad socialist parties of the West Indies together, hot debates surrounding socialist thought have been going on recently. The Butler Party, Césaire's People's Party, and the Radical PA have all taken their thoughts and hotly debated them with the other parties.
Political discourse is always healthy.
Victory for the Butler Party
The British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party, known more commonly as the Butler Party, has just won the West Indian elections. In a surprising turn of events, Tubal Uriah Butler and his clique have gained the support of the people and the following of thousands.
A new syndicalist era dawns on the Caribbean!
The Elevation of Unions
President Butler seeks the elevation of the position of trade unions in the government. He has given up more and more of his power in favour of the unions, and has talked much about drastically improving workers' rights and equality within the workplace. He has also cut off working hours, a move celebrated by many.
An admirable effort.
Moving the Capital
Tubal Uriah Butler has raised the question of possibly changing the capital of the West Indies Union. As someone active mostly in Trinidad and Tobago, Butler has proposed that the government and the capital be moved to Port of Spain, where Butler holds more power.
Move it, then.
Kingston's fine.
Spreading Socialism Across the Provinces
Tubal Uriah Butler has proposed a new way to spread socialism - through the unique cultures of the islands of the West Indies. He has encouraged political songs, and books centred on socialist thought have also been widely distributed across the islands.
A good way to get the youth into syndicalism.
The West Indies Union Requests Internationale Membership
A delegate from Kingston has just arrived at Paris, narrowly escaping Canadian ships while crossing the Atlantic. The West Indies Union has requested membership in the Third Internationale to help protect them against the Entente. They could be a valuable launching point for an invasion of Canada, but they also may be a burden for us. What do we choose?
Let them join!
We don't want to get involved in Caribbean squabbles...
France Accepts
The Commune of France has accepted our application to the Third Internationale, with our man being sent back to Kingston to tell us of this good news.
To our socialist brethren!
France Declines
The Commune of France has sadly declined our request to join the Third Internationale. They have, however, sent our man back with some fine Parisian wine.
Unfortunate, but at least we get some wine!
The Bahamas Defect
The Bahamas have just defected to Canada! Due to the large British influence in the Bahamas and the fear of socialism encroaching on the islands, they have decided to throw in their hat with Canada and work against the West Indies Union.
Damn them...
Bermuda Defects
The island of Bermuda, long a stronghold of British rule, has defected to Canada! If only we had a garrison there, they could have been very beneficial to the Union as a launching point for an invasion of Canada...
A true shame!
Bahamian Resistance Crushed
The pro-Entente resistance within the Bahamas has been crushed! Our troops, garrisoned there, wiped out what little pro-Entente militant support was left. The Bahamas have stayed with the West Indies Union.
They're on this ride now, whether they like it or not.
Bermuda Holds
Even though the locals of Bermuda are very pro-Canada and anti-socialist, we have managed to put down their resistance to our rule through military might. The island is staying with us for good.
The Bermudans cannot possibly resist us.
The West Indies Have Begun Talks with the Internationale
For a few weeks we have been in conflict with syndicalist revolutionaries in the West Indies. Now, however, our loyalists in Kingston have informed us that the revolutionaries have begun talks with the Commune of France and the Union of Britain, with the possibility of joining their alliance. This presents us with a difficult situation - if we continue to prosecute this war, we will soon enter armed conflict with the syndicalists in the mainland, one we and/or our allies might not be ready to face. We have a few options: we can simply withdraw entirely from the region, effectively granting victory to the rebels and causing some loss of face, [WIF_event_keep_islands]or we could continue this war, with the possibility of escalation almost guaranteed. Is the Caribbean truly worth such trouble?
Withdraw from the Caribbean. They are not worth the risks.
Withdraw, but keep a garrison on [WIF_event_islands].
We refuse to bow down to the rebels. The war will continue.
Bermuda
the Bahamas
Bermuda and the Bahamas
withdraw while retaining [WIF_event_islands], 
The Canadians Withdraw from the Caribbean
Our talks with the Internationale have already paid off. We have received a notification from the Canadian government. Unwilling to risk a conflict with our comrades, they have ordered an end to all hostilities and the return of any of our territories, and their forces are already withdrawing from the Caribbean entirely. It seems our revolution was successful.
Raise the scarlet standard high!
The Canadians Withdraw from the Caribbean
Our talks with the Internationale have already paid off. We have received a notification from the Canadian government. Unwilling to risk a conflict with our comrades, they have ordered an end to all hostilities, and their forces are already withdrawing from our lands. They have made clear, however, and in no uncertain terms, that [WIF_event_islands] are rightful Canadian territory, and are refusing to even consider the possibility of a peaceful return. It seems our revolution was partly successful.
We don't have much of a choice, do we?
Unacceptable, our territory must be returned!
The West Indies Refuse our Withdrawal
The syndicalists in the West Indies have clearly gone mad. Our representative, who was supposed to notify them of our withdrawal, has returned empty-handed. The revolutionaries, it seems, will not accept our withdrawal unless we hand over [WIF_event_islands]. This is an utter insolence, of course, yet the risk of a war with the Internationale remains. By all accounts, [WIF_event_islands] are not worth fighting over, but our more conservative ministers are urging a hardline stance against the spread of syndicalism.
This is not worth the trouble. Return [WIF_event_islands].
We shall punish this insolence!
The End of French Influence
The troublesome French islands are no long part of our nation. While some mourn the nation's territorial integrity, this has quickly brought a degree of political stability.
Au Revoir.
Unity Victory
The Unity Party, focused on reconciliation between the various parties and a compromise, has come out on top in the 1937 Elections.
Contact the NCP
The NCP represents a large amount of the right-wing side of West Indies politics, hoping to achieve complete incorporation of the French colonies. Contacting them will be necessary for us to achieve political peace.
Contact the Governor-General
The Governor-General of the Federation is an experienced general and politician from the times of the Weltkrieg. Known for not being afraid to state his opinion on the current affairs of the Federation, involving him in the talks between parties is a must.
Contact the PA
The PA is the main representative for the French minority in the country and their needs. Despite some unsavoury rumours about them, it's best to ensure we remain in contact with them as well.
Prepare the Conference
With all parties contacted and heard from, Gordon James Lethem has decided to hold a conference between all the parties in an attempt to form a '2nd Agreement which satisfies all sides'. The preparation for this will be lengthy, but something good could come out of it in the end.
Begin the Conference
With all the preparations complete, we can officially begin the conference. Tensions are high, but surely something can come out of this event.
Increase French Autonomy
The PA, despite some of their radical viewpoints, are right that the French deserve more autonomy than they currently have. While the NCP would be fiercely opposed to this, it is necessary to ensure peace for our young nation.
Retain Cayenne French Autonomy
The Cayenne Agreement was right about the topic of French autonomy at least, and it is perfect right where it is at. While this will only really satisfy members of our party and Félix Éboué's group, picking either side on this topic would result in disaster.
Lower French Autonomy
The Cayenne Agreement was completely wrong in its purpose. The idea that the French population is deserving of more rights than the British is stubbornness on the French and PA's part, and not something we should have to deal with.
Increase British Autonomy
The idea of not mentioning British autonomy in the Cayenne Agreement was ludicrous, and only resulted in an increase of Syndicalist British activities. Autonomy must be properly raised in order to compensate for lack there of from the Cayenne Agreement.
Retain Cayenne British Autonomy
British Autonomy is an even more dangerous topic to touch than French, due to it being a trigger for both French and British Syndicalist movements. It's best to leave the topic alone than to touch the hornet's nest.
Lower British Autonomy
Not discussing British Autonomy in the Cayenne Agreement was a mistake on our part. British Autonomy is already too high with the French Syndicalists growing as a result. It must be lowered in order to satisfy the French population.
Crack Down on Syndicalism
Syndicalism in the Federation will be an ever-looming threat until dealt with properly, and what is a better time than now? We must make sure our country is never threatened again by the Syndicalist menace.
Loosen the Reins
The reason Syndicalist movements are so present in the Federation is due to our censorship of them, making the people feel a heavy weight on their psyche, and making our government less liked. Loosening censorship laws will help us in the long-term.
British Ties
The British population makes up the majority of our population, and our ties to them is everlasting. While this will displease the French minority, the majority must take precedent.
French Ties
The French have had limited contact with us besides through the governors of the French colonies, which deeply upsets the French population. Creating new ties with the French will please them, but might upset the British majority in our country.
Status of the Governor-General
While the Governor-General has served us well, his position in power is something that must be decided. While he serves as a source of inspiration for the British, his presence adds a very distinct British feeling to the French colonies.
The 2nd Agreement
With all things decided and the worst avoided, a 2nd Agreement has officially been forged based off our previous policies. Hopefully this will ensure a future of political peace for the Federation.
PA Victorious
With the Victory of the PA, the Unity Party coalition lies shattered. While normally this would call for celebration amongst our party members, the reality is that the fragile alliance that once kept us together now lays broken, and the faction from the PA that comes out successful from the power struggle may change the shape of the Federation forever...
PA-PNP Coalition
The PA shall ally itself with its most socialist elements, forming the PA-PNP Coalition and setting the Federation on the path of Socialism.
Memories of the Mainland
We should not forget that those who call themselves our masters were expelled from their home nations. While the protection of the Empire has been appreciated, our ties with the home nations the Entente seeks to recover so desperately may be stronger than our ties to the Entente as a whole.
Reconciliation Project
In order to stand a chance against the conservative elements of our nation, we can't allow ourselves to stand divided. We need to contact the Socialist organisations in our nation and bring them under our wing. Through Unity, we will find strength.
Status of the Trade Unions
Our first step towards earning the trust of socialist organisations is by clarifying the status of the Trade Unions in our nation, as their legal status has been left relatively murky in order to make them more easily manageable for the government.
The Fringe Revolutionary Front
The Fringe Revolutionaries, while few in number, will still make up for an important ally against the reactionaries in the Federation. With this objective in mind, we ought to make contact with their organisation and start drawing plans together.
The Popular National Resistance
With the other factions under our thumb, it is time to contact the last remaining faction. The Popular National Resistance movement has been a prevalent force within the Federation, and their support in this time of need could prove to be the definitive leverage we need to accomplish our goals.
The Young Freedom Coalition
The Young Freedom Coalition takes up a significant part of the socialist support base in our nation, and their support will be vital for our efforts of uniting the left wing movements against the reactionaries.
Legalise Trade Unions
With the legal restrictions lifted in our prevision legislative revision, we can now finally de-facto legalise the Trade Unions in our territory and endorse their usage for the general populace.
Steps Towards Autonomy
One of the main points over why we were elected was the promise of increased autonomy from the Federal Government. While costly, this first step towards accomplishing our promises to the people will be vital to secure legitimacy in the people's eyes.
Convince French Conscription
The French have been supporters of the PA for quite some time, and our victory in the elections has been greatly acclaimed in their territories. Since we can barely afford to trust the British conscripts, we would do well in encouraging more French-speaking citizens to sign up to our armed forces.
Persuading the People
Many within our nation still trust the Entente to protect their interests, despite the fact the Entente has bigger issues to deal with than concerning themselves for the government type of our island-nations. We will have to convince them that this government is for the people, by the people, as well as assuring our English-speaking citizens that our government won't oppose the Entente's commands.
Secured Loyalty
With the loyalty of the people secured, we can finally display the legitimacy we needed to be able to face the Entente agents on equal grounds. While they won't like our move towards independence, there's little they'll be able to do against it.
Preparing the Secession
Our secession will not come without question or difficulties, and we may have to face the might of the Entente or the ire of their loyalists sooner rather than later. As such, we will have to undertake steps to assure that we will be prepared for any eventuality for when we do secede.
Declare the Confederation
With our power consolidated and our pool of supporter larger than ever, it is now time to implement one of our most risky promises: To turn the West Indies Federation into a Confederation of equal yet autonomous states.
PA-LP Coalition
Trying to sideline the most radical socialist groups, the PA has joined forces with the Labour Party and both parties will now work closely to bring about the Liberalist ideals to our nation.
Proposal for a New Agreement
The present agreement seems to be too compromising. It's time to adopt a new agreement that guarantees more freedom for the citizens of the Federation. At the same time, the state should withdraw from such intense interference in people's lives. We must prepare a draft for a new agreement and send it to the main political parties. Then we will be able to organise the 2nd Conference in Cayenne.
Reconciliation with the Socialists
PA has always had two wings. It's time to reconcile with socialist brothers. As long as they are willing to give up their radical aspirations, our cooperation will be fruitful.
Mending the Divide
Time has shown that we can work as a unity for the good of the islanders. Such an arrangement will allow us to manage efficiently.
Our Own Power
First of all, focus on increasing the strength of our party. The coalition with LP must strengthen before we start looking for another coalition partner.
Ties with the Unity Party
A natural ally in the implementation of liberal ideas seems to be Unity Party. In the future we may invite them to form majority coalition in the parliament.
Hear the People
Do you hear the people talk? It is the speech of a people who will not be slaves again. It turned out that consolidation or other forms of restricting freedom would not be effective. NCP lost its position, now they may try to form coalition with PA. It would be unthinkable.
Status of Autonomy
Donald Sangster is a young reformer with a head full of fresh ideas about decentralisation and how a country can economically benefit from the self-government of its citizens. We need to decide if we want to trust this young economy minister.
The Issue of Conscription
During the elections, the issue of conscription to the army was rarely discussed. However, in order to stay in line with the mainstream of our party, it is necessary to raise the subject of involuntary conscription to the army.
Ideas of a Republic
The ideal of political life is the republic, understood as a political community. The West Indies Federation as a subject of Canada has a monarch over itself. The king is the guarantor of democracy, but no monarch not elected by people should be the head of our country. It's time to adopt a resolution on this subject, declaring the king 'patron of democracy in West Indies'.
Liberal and Equal Society
With the implementation of our policies, we can finally establish that our government, while Liberal in nature and embracing the idea of the free market, will not abandon its citizens to their fate, and we will strive to reach a balance between socio-economic freedoms and welfare measures.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! will be available via decisions.
Some representatives will vote §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§!.
40 votes §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§! needed.
51 votes §Gfor§! §CNew Agreement§! needed.
§YUnstable§! or §RFalling§! coalition with LP needed.\n
Coalition §GStability§! will rise after this.\n
Coalition §RStability§! will drop after this.\n
§CStable§! or §GWorking§! coalition with LP needed.\n
§CStable§! coalition with LP needed.\n
Not §RFalling§! coalition with LP needed.\n
§RFalling§! coalition with LP. Improve stability to stop being punished.\n
§YMajority government§! has been formed.
§YMajority government§! is going to be formed.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! has been already voted.
§C2nd Cayenne Agreement§! has been already voted, so improving coalition stability is going to get cheaper.\n
NCP Victorious
From 1929, when the NCP lost power, the West Indies were losing their importance. It was during the NCP rule that the territory of the federation expanded by former French colonies. Many say that the party's policy has led to stagnation in our homeland. However, despite this bad press, NCP has steadily strengthened. It was almost enough for us to take over power in 1933 and bring order to West Indies.
Swearing our Loyalty
The identity and cohesion of our nation result from loyalty to the British Monarchy. Without the king, the sense of the existence of the Federation is threatened. As soon as possible, we must go to Ottawa to inform His Majesty about our loyalty. The interest of the residents of West Indies is the interest of the entire empire faithful to the king.
Political Domination
The strength of the NCP has been proven by the 1937 elections. We must solidify our power by using all the tricks allowed in democracy. On the one hand, we must silence the syndicalists who benefit from the disloyalty of the French. On the other hand, radicals on the right may be a problem. We can not let West Indies fall into the vortex of authoritarianism.
The Intervention
Those gazing at the governor of lunatics still pose a threat to our democracy. To this end, the NCP organised mass conscription to the army among the population associated with the authoritarians.
Governor-General Cooperation
We must organise an advisory body with our government responsible for cooperation with the Governor. In this way NCP will be able to control authoritarian attempts. And the Governor-General will get the illusion of power.
Weaken the Left
The weakening of the left wing is decisive for the West Indies Federation progress. Unfortunately, to avoid the build-up of tensions, we must do it delicately. We can initiate talks and at the same time create a series of scandals compromising the left.
Crackdown on Unions
Stopping the workers' movement hes been a fundamental goal for a long time. Thanks to this, we will remove the blockade for the development of the economy. It is time to use the weakest for many years position of the left and to forbid trade unions.
End the Labour Movement
The Labour Movement at some degree became a symbol of anarchy. Time to prohibit the publication of content that stirs up the mood. In addition, conspiratorial organisations will be dissolved, so as radical parties. In turn, landowners and capitalists will be obliged to supervise revolutionary moods in workplaces. It's time for everyone to get to work instead of a revolutionary struggle.
The Integration Process
In our election campaign we have highlighted the need to complete the integration process. It is time to decide with what to replace the shameful Cayenne Agreement. We must also take into account the resistance of the inhabitants of French Antilles and Eastern Guiana. Time for consolidation!
Lower the Autonomy
Some members of our party believe that the real consolidation requires us only to partially abolish the autonomy of the former French colonies. This option would certainly be easier to swallow for the enemies of the consolidation. However, some NCP members may see this as a missed opportunity to finally kill the Cayenne Agreement. Maybe it's time to forge a new friendlier version of consolidation.
Revoke the Autonomy
Some members of our party believe that the true consolidation requires us to completely abolish the autonomy of the former French colonies. Such a solution would allow us to create a strong state in which there is an only one clear centre of power. The benefits of this method are unquestionable. However, there is also a risk that we will not be able to convince the French to our ideas. It could be a disaster.
Allow French Conscription
It's time to launch a conscription among the French. This will organise the environment that will catalyse birth of the generation of new patriots. In addition, it will undoubtedly strengthen our army and also show them that we do not treat them as enemies that threaten the integrity of our army. If only they want to serve in our army at all...
Universal Rights
Being a West Indies citizen also means certain rights. It is time to reward forgotten citizens as long as we are sure that they will not create a problem for NCP government. In addition, this can only strengthen our consolidation. One legal system will facilitate management and integration of our nation.
The New Identity
A new national identity was created, which will only strengthen ties in our country with each passing year. The first phase of consolidation is moving towards the end. We have to look to the future and try to keep the path once chosen, then the profit will be great. A wonderful French-Caribbean mix born in the spirit of the British culture and law.
Ending the Strife
One consolidated nation. No one doubts that the empire of hundreds of islands (fabricated by us) will last hundreds of years.
Integration process has begun
D.J. Jardin has reacted to East Guyana Incident
Bauxite mine in East Guyana has been retaken
Government has set up propaganda programme in East Guyana
Federal Institute has been founded
Entente has promised assistance in the integration process
Guyana trials have started
French conscription has been started
Universal rights have been instituted
§CNew constitution§! decisions are enabled
§CIntegration§! decisions are going to be enabled after some events
§CMore Integration§! decisions are enabled.\n§RSuccessful ending will be easier to obtain.§!
§CMore Integration§! decisions are enabled.\n§RSuccessful ending will be harder to obtain.§!
§RHarsh trials will remove integration progress.§!§G On the other hand people of the West Indies are strongly in favour of it.§!
§GGentle trials will push forward integration progress.§!§R On the other hand people of the West Indies are strongly against it.§!
The Governor's Push
With the Governor General now possessing extraordinary executive powers, we can finally make a move towards securing the Federation against those who threaten its existence.
Ban Dangerous Groups
Socialist parties and organisations infest our country like a plague. In order to dismantle such the threats to the Federation, we will first take out these potential troublemakers.
Suspend Democracy
Democracy will return to the Federation once the crisis has passed and the dust finally settles, but until then we will have no option but to suspend it in order to focus on maintaining the stability of our nation.
Resolving the Cayenne Problem
The problem the Cayenne Agreement presented to our former administrations was that it granted the French territories larger autonomy from the Federal Government that they should have had. If we hope to restore stability once more to our nation, these privileges shall be revoked.
End of the Chaos
With our legal flanks covered, the time has finally come to deal with those who would've threatened our nation. While many will protests the many apprehensions and crackdowns that are going to take place, these are necessary sacrifices for the greater good of our nation.
Restore Democracy
Now that the threat has passed, we will restore the democracy our citizens cherish as the Governor-General promised when he took over.
The New Rule
The Empire can't afford to have any loose ends, and as such, we should protect our people from themselves and maintain the extraordinary executive powers of the Governor-General.
Militarisation
Only through thorough militarisation will our nation be ready to face any foreign threats and protect both our interests as well as those of the Empire and his Majesty.
The Governor's Power
While our Governor has acquired extraordinary executive powers through his takeover, his usage of these powers is far from legally accepted and far from absolute as well. With some changes to our legislation, we could ensure the Governor-General has not only even more executive capabilities, but also the legitimacy to act upon his decisions.
Never Another Cayenne
The Cayenne Agreement was our Achilles' heel for nearly a decade, and could be partially blamed for the instability of our nation. As such, it is in our best interests to integrate the French territories into our core holdings in order to prevent the French from creating a new Cayenne agreement that may weaken us again.
Permanent Stability
While many democrats may not like it, censorship, surveillance and crackdowns have managed to bring back stability to the nation. Provided that the results can't be underestimated, we will push to maintain these stabilising reforms so that stability may never leave our nation again.
Healing Wounds
The fighting has left our populace shattered and distrustful of one another and our government as well. Steps will have to be undertaken for our populace to trust our institutions once more and for the wounds of our country to heal.
Rebuild and Recover
Reconstruction of our islands is in order after the recent strife. Hopefully this will allow further development on our territories as well as improving the trust people have for our administration.
Relying on our Allies
We should not forget that the Federation is full of shortcomings, and as such, we would do well in relying on our allies for assistance in order to recover our strength, and requesting funding from them in order to get our construction projects done could prove to be a decisive factor.
A New Indies
While the recent developments still haunt many parts of our nation, no one can deny that the Federation now looks forward to the future with renewed enthusiasm and a new sense of unity and trust in favour of our government.
A Socialist Revolution
The time has come. Socialists of the West Indies now band together, the agitation and cries of the working class unheard by the governor in Kingston. The revolution must rise up, and bring a new socialist era for the West Indies!
The New Military
The old military of the West Indies was corrupt and weak, bound by the chains of Canada and her Entente. To preserve the revolution in the West Indies, we must be able to fight back! And so, a revolutionary military must be created for the provinces.
The First Trade Unions
Trade unions must be established to better the position of workers. They deserve rights, lower hours, more pay, and above all, freedom! To break the chains, we must utilise the tool of trade unions!
Join the Internationale
Our socialist brethren in Europe may be willing to lend a hand in the West Indian Revolution. We must seek membership in the Third Internationale to protect ourselves against Canada.
Socialist Democracy
The time has come when we have consolidated our power enough. We will start direct democracy in the Union, and the people will choose their new leader.
The Parti Pour l'Autonomie
The Parti Pour l'Autonomie has won the election, and with it, President Lagrosillière will begin his new changes within the West Indies Union.
The People's Liberty
What is socialism without freedom of the people? The people must be prioritised, and their liberty comes first. We will promote their freedom, so that they can freely think and express themselves.
Freedom of the Press
We must acknowledge that there are those who do not wish to see us in power in the West Indies. But, the freedom of the press is still to be respected, and it shall be restored upon the union!
Ending the Workers Strife
The workers have been in strife for too long. They have been shackled and chained, and even fought each other for scraps. No more, we say! No more! For man must not turn against his fellow man, but instead unite against a common enemy!
The People's Party
The People's Party, under Aimé Césaire, has come out of the election victorious. This new socialist government is full of young radicals willing to do anything for socialism, and their promises for the West Indies are great.
Mending the Divide
The divide between the workers and the organised socialists must be ended. For are we not all comrades, brothers? When oppressive overlords go dare to attack us socialists, we must unite and respond with a unified, more powerful voice.
Promoting Trade
From the days of the Spanish, the West Indies has been known for its trade. We must now promote trade with other socialists in the Internationale, and by doing so, help the development of the provinces.
The New Indies Culture
To push for unity of the islands, we must promote a new Indies Culture. It is one of Calypso, of jerk, and of rum. We shall not be individual islands with individual cultures - from now on, we are one!
The Butler Party
Tubal Uriah Butler and his British Citizens' and Workers' Home Rule Party have won the West Indian election. A strong proponent of trade unions, we must see how Butler plans to steer the nation.
Trade Union Dominance
Trade Unions must be made to hold much more power over the government, so that workers may have a say in how their country and their workplaces are run through their unions.
Mechanisation
It is the dream of any worker to be free of work. We will now take a stride in this direction and mechanise our labour. Machines will, eventually, replace workers, and we will be finally be free from the chains that bind us!
Liberate the Workers
The workers are still pushed down and oppressed. Now, we will liberate them, and allow the workers, not the rich, to take their place in the West Indies, as it was always destined to be.
The Naval Situation
While the navy of our nation is nothing to scoff at, it is due to some very needed reforms. However, our Naval high command is undecided on what should the nature of our reforms be, and it's time for the government to weigh in the debate and finally break the stalemate.
To Defend the Crown
The West Indies Federation is, by design, an extension of the British Empire and his majesty. As such, our objective should be to match and, if possible, surpass the Royal Navy's capabilities, so that the Federation may be the spearhead of the Empire!
Readjust the Naval Budget
Considering the lack of dry-docks and dockyards in our nation, producing new ships for our usage is out of the question. As such, our new naval budget will include the overhaul of several of our current ships in order to equip them with stronger hulls that can sustain larger punishment, as well as better engines to improve their manoeuvrability.
Use the Canadian Academy
Due to a lack of Naval Military infrastructure, our best bet to obtain the captains of today and the admirals of tomorrow shall be to utilise the already established Canadian naval infrastructure. In return, we will obtain more capable officers that will be able to adapt more easily to the ever-changing battlefield that is the sea.
The British Doctrine
The Royal Navy has stood as a bulwark of naval ingenuity for several decades, even after the British Revolution. As such, we should seek to learn upon their developments, and try to apply their knowledge to our own navy.
The West Indies Marines
As our nation is mostly comprised of islands, possessing a marine force capable of retaking our home islands in case of invasion and punching a front for our allies in Europe is a priority. As such, we shall begin to train a capable landing force that can make our glorious Empire proud!
Bigger is Better
Our Fleet is comprised of effective yet small vessels, capable mainly of coastal patrol and escort duties, which has been so far suitable for our role in the larger scheme of the Empire and our own self-defence. However, in order to obtain some much needed autonomy to have our own engagements with any the enemy fleet, we will require bigger ships to be able to outgun our foes.
To Defend our Sea
While the idea of the Federation being the spearhead of the Empire's fleet abroad is a tempting idea, the reality is that our current facilities and assets are simply not enough to allow us to pursue this set of reforms. Instead, we shall focus on protecting the home waters of the Federation, that way we can accomplish the duty for which our citizens vote for and keep war away from our shores.
Home Ship Production
We should not rely on the rest of the Empire to do our ship building. After all, they have greater concerns and the protection of our island is obviously a secondary objective for them, but a primary one for us. In order to increase our autonomy from them and be able to protect our home waters without hindering the Royal Navy, we shall kickstart the construction of a shipyard and an expansion of the port of Martinique.
Defending Caribbean Trade
The lifeblood of the Caribbean economy is its trade. If enemy forces were to cut our islands from each other and our Federation from the world as a whole, we would stand no chance of success in the long run. We should focus on preventing such a catastrophe to happen by improving upon our convoy protection tactics.
Study International Design
While the Entente's designs are suitable for the purpose of retaking the home-islands, international designs for coastal defence may prove to be a more vital asset than the High-Seas designs the Entente is currently pursuing. We shall start hiring foreign designers and study foreign ship designs in order to copy and adapt those designs to our particular conditions.
Building our Own Academy
If the Federation ever wishes to become independent from the Royal Navy, we will require a developed naval officer corps. In order to achieve this, we will have to hire officers from different renowned naval academies and set up our own naval academy, which shall train the officers of today and the admirals of tomorrow so that our fleet may remain both independent in its command structure.
Fort Construction Project
While we hope to never have to fight in our own shores, one can never be too careful. Since our islands haven't been prepared to resist attacks since they were colonial possessions, we will have to start a construction project to overhaul our existing but outdated fortification system.
Purchasing Canadian Ships
Since our Naval production is far lower than our overlord's, it may be a better idea to purchase Canadian ships for our protection. After all, our benefit is their benefit in the long run, isn't it?
Jamaican Dockyard Project
Jamaica stands as one of the shining jewels of the Federation, and as such, it would be more than capable of holding dockyards in order to help our navy modernise and expand.
Defending Caribbean Sea
The Caribbean Sea is both our prison and our barrier against invaders. As such, we should seek not only to travel through its crystalline waters, we should above all else seek to rid ourselves from whoever may disturb the peace in the Federation's waters.
Upgrading our Standards
In order to cope with the novelty of our armed forces, we had been forced to lower the average training and drilling standards in order to be able to field a decent force faster. Now that we have long achieved this objective, we can once again increase our recruitment and drilling standards in order to finally catch up with the standards of the rest of the Empire.
Shipments from the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc]
Considering our local arms manufacturing enterprises are insufficient to maintain a steady flow of rifles and supplies for our armed forces, we will have to rely once more on our allies in the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] in order to supply our standing army!
Beginning of a Proper Army
With our standards up to par with our allies and our forces equipped with the necessary supplies, we can finally begin our reforms in order to bring the Federation's armed forces to new heights.
Use [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Strategies
As we lack our own army academy, we should focus on taking advantage of the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] developments in land warfare in order to improve the effectiveness and fighting capability of our army.
[WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Gun Study
The [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] has been at the forefront of gun development for decades now. Instead of trying to come up with our own design, we should try to contact them and use their designs. This way, we can get a reliable base model from which to develop a variation to adapt to our environmental needs.
Requesting Generals
The Federation's high command is terribly understaffed and in dire need of new commanders. We shall request these from our allies in order to have a more competent fighting force with which to help them.
Increasing Military Funding
If our force hopes to be up to par with our allies, we will need to increase our yearly budget in order to keep up our reforms, lest we have our new hard-fought-for standards fall through once more.
Professional Armed Forces
After many reforms, we can finally let the old myth that the Federation's armies were incapable of fighting to rest and step forth into the modern battlefields with a professional fighting force
Establishing a Doctrine
We have so far improved on general areas of our military organisation which has allowed us to be fairly flexible in what kind of doctrine we use. However, if we want to master the battlefield, we will have to choose a doctrine to perfect with which to surpass our enemies.
Compensate with Strategy
In order to compensate the manpower issue our nation would face in the case of war, we have decided to focus on improving our overall strategy and strengthen our High Command.
Ensure Communication
One of the biggest challenges we face as a nation is the fact that our territories are not geographically connected. As such, we will need a sturdy communication system in order to stay on top in the ever changing modern battlefields.
Centralised High Command
If we wish to effectively lead a strategically superior fighting force, we will need to solidify the executive power our High Command has over regional leaders, and as such, the centralisation of our High Command comes as a top priority.
The Next Generation
The backbone of our army won't be the old generals that the Empire has given us, but the new blood that volunteers in the recruitments booths. As such, it is our duty to ensure these patriotic volunteers a special spot in our army.
Increase Funding of the Oak Ridge
We need to increase the funding of our research capabilities to keep up with this ever changing world.
Cooperate with the Navy
The Navy is a powerful force in the Federation, perhaps even stronger than the army itself. Unlike many other countries, we can't afford to have an interservice rivalry, and so we will seek to strengthen the cooperation between the Army and the Navy.
Marine Training
In order to stay on top in whatever war we may find ourselves in, we will need the navy to possess a significant number of standing divisions capable of amphibious landings. While this may be giving the navy too much power, it's bound to help both branches to be more effective in the battlefield.
Naval Bombing
Lacking large ships, our navy stands little chance against larger fleets. A recent proposal from our air commanders has reached our desks and it proposes the development of torpedo bombers capable to support the advances of our fleet. While these tactics have not yet been tested in the modern battlefield, perhaps allowing this proposal to pass may give us an edge the day we face a larger foe?
Compensate with Weapons
We won't win a war by throwing men at the enemies with the manpower we possess, so we may as well rely on having better equipment that can ensure that more of our soldiers can survive the battles that awaits us. A modernisation programme for our army's equipment is preferable over improving our already old army leadership.
Artillery Manufacturing
Very recently, the Federation has given birth to a few steel melting companies willing to produce artillery for us for the right price. While we have yet to give them some concise designs, they have taken the initiative and delivered several units of the British QF-18 Pounder in order to show their production capabilities. We would do well to invest in them if the trial of this artillery proves successful.
Cooperation with the Air Force
The Air Force and the Army have had a close relationship since the birth of the two, and now that they're both independent, it may be a good idea for both to start improving their coordination in order to provide for each other's needs and cover each other's shortcomings in the battlefield.
Anti-Air Setup
Our Air force, while brave and enthusiastic, is small in number and could be overwhelmed by a stubborn foe. Even if we have some of the best pilots, given sufficient enemy aircraft, we will need a backup plan to deal with the planes our pilots can't take down, and as such we will set up anti air batteries across the Federation in order to shoot down any remaining planes that manage to breach through our skies.
A Secured Army
Our army will receive regular reconnaissance support from our air force. That way, the Army can be directly benefit from a better air force, and said air force can finally prove its usefulness in the modern battlefield to those who once doubted it should be an independent organisation.
[WIF_faction_scriped_loc] Plane Request
The Air Force is a relatively new weapon on the modern battlefields. As such, we don't really have a respectable air force of our own. However, our friends in the [WIF_faction_scriped_loc] do, and purchasing their outdated planes may be a good starting point for us to kickstart our own air force!
Airway Project
If the Federation is to have an air force, we will require decent airfields for these to operate effectively. As such, we should divert our funding to an Airway construction project so that we actually possess the infrastructure to project a significant amount of aerial power.
Establishing the Air Force
So far, our attempts to form an air force so far had envisioned it as a branch of the Army, always serving as a subservient entity of it. With our recent reforms to our air force, we're finally able to inaugurate it as a separate and independent branch of our armed forces. Today is a great day for the Federation!
Control our Skies
While the battle for the control of the Caribbean sea may be vital for our survival, so will be the control of the skies above it. If our foes were to overwhelm us in the air, our fleet will not stand a chance. On the other hand, if we manage to overwhelm our opponent, maybe our small but brave navy may yet stand a chance against larger fleets.
Heavier Fighters
The distances involved in patrolling the Caribbean mean that the usage of short-range fighters may prove to be fatal in case of a war. Instead, we should focus on innovating in the air department and begin designing and constructing heavy fighter models, which by sacrificing agility for range and firepower will be able to protect the skies of our Federation as a whole.
Air to Ground Support
Combined Arms tactics are still in their infancy, yet they are showing great promise in the battlefields across the globe. As such, our air force shouldn't lag behind this worldwide developments, and we should start preparing to produce our own homemade support planes in preparation for the wars to come.
Closer Ties
By closing the ties between the army and the air force, we will be able to improve upon our doctrine for both service branches.
Young Generation of Pilots
As our newly-born air force is staffed full with young and ambitious pilots, their spirit pushes us for new doctrinal breakthroughs to keep up with their enthusiasm. As these new and young pilots continue performing beyond our expectations, our officers should not lag behind their subordinates and should exceed expectations as well.
Women Pilots
It is not only men that have signed up for our air force, but also many women, who unfortunately were refused due to our male only policy. However, there may yet be a place where these women can help our nation, and as such we should lift the restrictions so that these brave airwomen can still serve our country, even if it is in auxiliary roles.
Increase the Air Budget
As our air force grows in airmen, so does our need for capable engineers and repairmen, as well as better equipment and spare parts for our planes. If we hope to keep up with our current pace of development, we will need to divert funding into our air force so that it may achieve its full potential.
Reaching all Skies
While many countries focus on more agile models, our focus shall be in speed and range, which shall be vital to provide an aerial safety net for our Federation. As such, we shall encourage the design of new heavy fighter models to improve upon our already existing designs.
Depression Woes
The Depression has caused the Federation's economy to crawl for more than half a decade. While we have managed to make some improvements over time, the time has come to finally put this economic downturn to rest and start growing as a nation.
Fixing the Economy
Many issues plague the Federation's economy after Black Monday, and we will have to invest heavily on overall improvements across the board to even begin any pretence of reform in the near future.
Attempt to Sell Sugar
Sugar has been one of the Caribbean's main exports ever since the colonial times, and it still plays a large role in our economy. If we wish to improve our economy, we will need to find a way to get our collected sugar out of the Federation in order to keep our plantations going.
Trinidad Oil Profit
Trinidad has shown promise in the recent geological analysis, which indicated that the island possesses worthwhile oil deposits. With the recent economic downturn, maybe exploiting these oil deposits will have long lasting effects in our economy and allow us to recover faster.
Birthing a Tourism Industry
Tourism has shown to be a promising enterprise on a few of our islands, and encouraging tourism to our wonderful Caribbean paradise may help us overcome our economic woes. After all, no one can deny the Caribbean is a great location for people to spend their holidays in, and if that brings us profit, then we only stand to win from it!
Tapping into American Markets
America could prove to be the most important trade partner of the West Indies Federation, perhaps an even closer partner than our friends in the Entente. Since the American market is so big and profitable, tapping into it might be a game changer for our nation and it will allow us to recover from our economic woes a lot faster than if we just focused on our tried and true trade partners.
Trade Profit
Trade has increased significantly since Black Monday, and it has allowed us an extra kickback to reinvest in the rest of our economy, which helps us improve our overall economic situation, albeit only slightly. At this rate however, we will soon be free from the effects of the Depression!
The Moyne Report
The Moyne Commission, chosen to evaluate the labour conditions in the Federation after the recent labour unrest, have finally arrived in our nation and is assessing the living and working standards across the islands in order to provide a comprehensive and decisive answer that we can implement to prevent any more unnecessary unrest in our nation.
Obtaining Funding
In order to implement the Moyne Report's suggestions, we will require further funding. Given our recent economic downturn, we shall have to request this funding from His Majesty's Government in Canada.
A Proper Family Structure
The Moyne Commission has deemed that the lack of a proper family structure is responsible for the poverty, high rates of child mortality, venereal disease and general ill health that plagues the Federation, and as such, the adoption of the nuclear family system shall improve the overall situation of our nation.
An Education System
The education system in the Federation is laughably outdated and terribly inconsistent between our islands. We will have to invest heavily in order to standardise our education system if we hope to have any chance of avoiding complete intellectual shortages.
Improving Health Standards
Health standards across the Federation are deplorable, and it's no wonder that in these conditions many workers and farmers quickly joined the ranks of radicals in order to demand a better livelihood. If we hope to save face when the Report finally releases to the general public, we will have to, at least, have begun efforts to improve the livelihood of these people.
Status of Plantation Conditions
A final look on the working conditions of the Plantations across the Federation may prove to be a deciding factor for our future policy towards them, as they form a huge part of our economy.
Ending the Depression
After nearly a decade of damage, we can finally get rid of the last effects of the Great Depression that affected our economy. We can finally start making our young nation grow strong!
Trinidad Oil Production
With our experiments in fossil fuels in Trinidad being successful, we should now invest in expanding these oil fields so that our yields may be greater, as well as our profits.
Tourism Monopolies
While many travel agencies across the globe offer their services for passengers to come to our great nation, it falls to us to give these agencies the permits necessary for their activities to be profitable. Instead of allowing foreign companies to take all our profits, we could create our own agencies and slowly begin favouring them over the foreign competition, which shall in turn increase our profits.
Deepen the Bauxite Mines
Aluminium has proven to be an extremely profitable endeavour in our continental possessions, and with the need for light airframes increasing in both our allies and trade partners, offering even more Aluminium may prove to yield even greater benefits to our economy for the near future.
Social Programmes
The great social inequality in the Federation, as proven by the Moyne Report, has become more than unacceptable. We shall begin a series of Social Programmes focused on our people's welfare that shall ensure that every man and woman of the Federation stands protected from economic hardship from now on.
University of the West Indies
The lack of an autochthonous university for our nation has led many of our bright scientists and cunning researchers to leave to overseas. In order to prevent this Brain Drain from continuing, we shall found the University of the West Indies in Jamaica with the help of the other members of the Federation who, in turn, shall receive special benefits for their students to come and study in Kingston.
Agriculture Focus
Now that we have a decent budget to speak off, encouraging the growth of our agricultural output would be ideal, and investments in this area shall prove to be vital for the prosperity of our nation in the years to come.
Modern Farming
While we acknowledge the importance of agriculture, little steps have been taken to bring it up to date in the face of modern developments like the tractor. If we wish to improve our output and reduce our costs, then subsidising the importation of this machinery for our farmers is a priority for the Federation's government.
Industry for the People
While the industry of the Federation is quite small, it has the potential to continue growing and currently provides employment to many people in the cities who would otherwise be out of work. For them, and for our own benefit, we shall take efforts to invest in new factories for our country.
Focus on the Smaller Islands
Jamaica, Trinidad and the Guyanas are highly profitable. Smaller territories, like Barbados and Martinique, feel more like a burden by comparison. As such, it is a priority for our government to make these islands more profitable, and an easy way to achieve this is to build new factories on these islands so that they may have a tangible economic production outside of small scale tourism and agriculture.
Education for the Poor
As an extension of our social programmes, we will begin a campaign to eradicate illiteracy in our nation as well as investing in subsidies for our citizens to be able to reach higher education. While this may put us at odds with the Empire by spending part of their earnings on these programmes, it will greatly diminish the Socialists' legitimacy.
The West Indies Railway
While the usefulness of a railway is greatly reduced by the fact our territory is not connected through land routes, that doesn't mean we can't use train tracks on the individual islands to improve the transportation of goods around our territory. As such, the foundation of a new railway company within our nation is imperative for improving our earnings.
A Caribbean Economy
Given our geographical limitations, we have to accept that our country won't ever be as economically powerful as other nations like Germany or Canada. That doesn't mean however that our nation can't be prosperous, and as our reforms finally start making a tangible effect in our economy, we are slowly entering a small but welcomed stage of economic growth.
Heavy Industry
Heavy Industry will be vital for our war efforts in the future, and as such, we should focus on kickstarting the construction of weapons' factories in our nation.
Developing the Navy
A strong navy is vital for the survival of our nation in case of a foreign invasion. As such, investments in new dockyards and ports in our territories are imperative for our government.
The War Effort
With the ongoing war, we find ourselves in a slight shortage of supplies and equipment for our men in the front line, and as such it is a priority for our government to invest in new factories to produce the equipment our men sorely need at the front.
West Indies
West Indian
the West Indies
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
West Indies Federation
the West Indies Federation
Caribbean State
Caribbean
the Caribbean State
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Union
the West Indies Union
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
West Indies Confederation
the West Indies Confederation
Caribbean State
Caribbean
the Caribbean State
Joseph Gothon-Lunion
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1895, in Gossier, Colony of Guadeloupe, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMost of the western world first learned Joseph Gothon-Lunion's name when a photograph was published in French and British magazines in 1927, showing him sitting crossed legged and grinning in the British Coronation Chair. This striking image of a black man seated atop a symbol of the British Empire was accompanied by declarations such as \
Tubal Uriah Butler
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in St. George's, Grenada, British Windward Islands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTubal Uriah 'Buzz' Butler is a Grenadian Spiritual Baptist teacher in Trinidad and Tobago. Born in Grenada, Butler was unable to find work after completing his primary school education at the Anglican School, and chose to join the British West Indies Regiment when he was 17, fighting for the United Kingdom in the Weltkrieg and stationed in Egypt.\n\nAfter returning home in 1918, he became active politically, being influential in the establishment of the Grenada Representative Government Movement and the Grenada Union of Returned Soldiers.\n\nIn 1921, he moved to Trinidad, where he was exposed to the political thought of Marcus Garvey. He came to prominence in 1935, when he led a Hunger March in Port of Spain, and became an incredibly influential figure in West Indian socialism. Now, he leads the British Citizens' and Workers Home Rule Party and hopes to elevate the position of trade unions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in St. George's, Grenada, British Windward Islands§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBeyond championing his enthusiastic political activism throughout the Caribbean, Butler also enjoys de-facto command over the socialist movement's more militant actions. His experience as a veteran of the Great War, serving with the West Indies Regiment in Egypt, as well as his many brawls and skirmishes with colonial authorities in Trinidad and Grenada hardened him as well as tough him the basics of strategy, tactics and warfare. Although Butler is more accustomed to the garrison duty he did in Egypt and rallying militias in the Trinidad oil fields, he's slowly but surely been able to adapt his military cunning to wage a larger scale of guerrilla warfare against the British and French overlords.§!\n\n§YNotes: Lacks a lot of knowledge about military strategy, but has the charisma and willpower to command his soldiers Has been battle hardened from his time in the Great War and fighting colonial troops in Trinidad, as such he's more than willing to go into battle alongside his men.§!
Aimé Césaire
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1913, in Basse-Pointe, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom an early age, Aimé was greatly inspired by his grandfather Fernand Césaire who had been the first black teacher in the French colony who passed down a great deal of literary and scholarly aptitude to his grandson. After working his way through high school, Aimé Césaire journeyed to the Commune of France in 1931, disgusted with the colonial system of the West Indies and seeking to pursue the kind of higher education he had been unable to attain on his home island. During his sojourn at the Sorbonne University, he joining with a cadre of other black students, eventually founding a newspaper dubbed 
Joseph Lagrosillière
A very active French politician, Lagrosillière founded the Socialist Federation of Martinique (a branch of the SFIO on the island), and its newspaper Le Prolétaire.\n\nLagrosillière broke with the Parisian socialists in 1913, however, as they did not support the assimilation of colonies. Lagrosillière is a strong proponent of turning colonies into Departments, and the Federation of Martinique, without Lagrosillière, fell apart. It was revived in 1924 as the Second Federation. However, Lagrosillière continued his socialist advocacy in the Caribbean, continuing to become a politician in the West Indies Federation after the Weltkrieg.\n\nIn 1919, he made an electoral alliance with Fernand Clerc, a Béké industrialist on the island, which alienated him from his old socialist allies that criticised his 'alliance with capitalists'. He was arrested in 1925 for inciting trouble and violence, and again in 1931 for influence peddling.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1872, in Sainte-Marie, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$WIF_joseph_lagrosilliere_desc_body$\n\nNow, Lagrosillière leads the PA and the West Indies into a new era of social democracy.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1872, in Sainte-Marie, Martinique, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$WIF_joseph_lagrosilliere_desc_body$§!
Grantley Herbert Adams
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1898, in Saint Michael, Colony of Barbados§!
Norman Manley
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1893, in Roxborough, Colony of Jamaica§!
Victor Sévère
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1867, in Case-Pilote, Martinique, French Republic§!
Joseph Trounsell Gilbert
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1888, in Paget Parish, Bermuda§!
Solomon Hochoy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1905, in the Colony of Jamaica§!
Georges Robert
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1875, in Courseulles-sur-Mer, Calvados, French Republic§!
Joel Augustus Rogers
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1880, in Negril, Colony of Jamaica§!
Eustace Fiennes
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 29th, 1864, in Reading, Berkshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Eustace Edward Twisleton-Wykeham-Fiennes was given the title of Governor-General of the West Indies Federation on June 26th of 1925. Having previous experience with war, governorship of the West Indies, and politics within the United Kingdom itself, he's known for not being silent on his political opinions regarding the Federation. Some rumours have flown by stating that he plans on intervening in politics himself if the 1937 election gets out of control, but no substantial proof of these rumours has been supplied yet.§!
Gordon James Lethem
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1886, in Leith, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
Arthur Andrew Cipriani
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1875, in Port of Spain, Trinidad§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a white family with French-Corsican ancestry, Cipriani grew up among the detached colonial elite and at the outbreak of the Great War worked to recruit Afro-Caribbeans and Indi-Caribbeans into the West Indies Regiment. He was later made a captain of the regiment, accompanying it to the European front lines where he grew rapidly impressed with how capable the dark skinned soldiers were. He later attributed his comradeship with his men as the turning point which made him embrace the idea that the people of the Caribbean should be given self governance. After returning back to Trinidad he began to live and work among the colony's dark skinned workers, building up a network of labour unions and popularity among citizens from all ethnic backgrounds and works of life. His military experience and knowledge of the inner workings of British Colonialism became incredibly helpful to the Caribbean socialists on the outbreak of their revolution, with Cipriani being accepted as one of the revolution's founding fathers, among men like Tubal Uriah Butler.§!\n\n§YNotes: In 1923 he served as President of the Trinidad Worker's Association, later rechristened to the Trinidad Labour Party. After his foray into politics he was repeatedly been elected Mayor of Port of Spain, much to the frustration of the West Indies Federation's authorities.§!
Alexander Bustamante
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1884, in Hanover Parish, Colony of Jamaica§!
Hubert Nathaniel Critchlow
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1884, in Georgetown, British Guiana§!
Anton de Kom
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1898, in Paramaribo, Colony of Surinam§!
Archibald Currie
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1888, in Beneden-Cottica, Colony of Surinam§!
Hégésippe Jean Légitimus
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1868, in Pointe-à-Pitre, Guadeloupe, French Empire§!
Osmond Theodore Fairclough
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1904, in Bethel Town, Colony of Jamaica§!
Henry Lémery
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1874, in Saint-Pierre, Martinique, French Republic§!
Gaston Monnerville
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1897, in Cayenne, Guyane, French Republic§!
Edward Brandis Denham
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Bristol, England§!
Charles Dundas
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1884, in Stettin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Élie Bloncourt
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1896, in Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe, French Republic§!
Gerty Archimède
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1909, in Morne-a-l'Eau, Guadeloupe, French Republic§!
Gilbert Cooper
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1903, in Pembroke Parish, Bermuda§!
Ralph Grey
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1910, in Wellington, Dominion of New Zealand§!
Yva Léro
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1912, in La Trinité, Martinique, French Republic§!
René Ménil
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1907, in Gros-Morne, Martinique, French Republic§!
Henry Tucker
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1903, in Bermuda§!
Edgar Fitzgerald Gordon
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1895, in Port of Spain, Colony of Trinidad and Tobago§!
Reginald Conyers
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1879, in Pemrbroke Parish, Bermuda§!
Thomas Cubitt
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1871, in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCubbit is a well known Great War veteran, joining the Royal Artillery in 1891, then becoming Deputy Commissioner of Somaliland right before the Great War, fighting against the Dervish State. After the outbreak, he remained in Somaliland desperately trying to crush the Somalian uprising but failed in most of them besides the destruction of many forts. Requesting to be moved to the front-line in 1916, he commanded the Lincolnshire Regiment and 57th Brigade. He took command of 38th Welsh Infantry Division. Following the surrender of France, he was sent to many places across the world to continue the fight, until the signing of the Treaty of Hanover in 1919, earning the Order of the Bath, Order of St Michael and St George, and the Distinguished Service Order by the end of the chaos. Initially serving in India post-war, he moved to Canada following the collapse of the empire. Now 65 years old and very sickly, his position as Governor of Bermuda is more of a retirement position then anything, as the Great War hero has saw much of his passion for fighting leaving the old man years ago.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Bermuda. Growing increasingly disinterested in military matters, causing him to not want to innovate in his ways. 65 years old and preparing for retirement.§!
Reginald Hildyard
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1876, in Frimley, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Reginald John Thoroton Hildyard is the son of General Sir Henry Hildyard, and joined the British Army in 1896. Serving in the Second Boer War from 1899-1902, earning the Queen's Medal with four clasps and the King's Medal with two clasps. He served in many odd jobs in South Africa for the army, rising up the ranks partially due to his family's influence in the army. Once the Great War began, he was known for trying to communicate as much as possible with the high command, earning further promotions during and after the war. Serving in the Canadian army as a general starting in 1933, he has been put as governor of Bermuda in March of 1936, already managing to gain massive influence in the army trying to put his values into its formation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Became governor of Bermuda following the retirement of Thomas Cubbit. Unlike his predecessor, he is still highly interested in military matters and how he can assist the West Indies army grow.§!
Geoffrey Archer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1882, in Kensington, London, England§!
Bede Clifford
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1890, in the Colony of New Zealand§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Bede Edmund Hugh Clifford is a New Zealand born general, diplomat, and colonial administrator. His family is the Baron Cliffords of Chudleigh, a peerage within England itself. As such, one of his more hidden ambitions is to reclaim 'his land' for his family and father, William Hugh Clifford, 10th Baron Clifford of Chudleigh. Also before this serving as a merchant navy officer and a surveyor, he became an Army Captain during the Great War earning the Order of St Michael and St George, Order of the Bath, and the Royal Victorian Order. He is currently serving as the Governor of Trinidad and Tobago and is generally liked by the people there, despite it being one of the hot places of labour unrest.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Trinidad & Tobago. Experienced in governorship serving in the Bahamas before Trinidad, he is liked by the people there personally despite the labour unrest.. Hesistant to put down protests using the power at his disposal through force.§!
Félix Éboué
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1884, in Cayenne, Guyane, Frecnh Republic§!
Ralph Leatham
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1888, in Hemsworth, West Yorkshire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSir Ralph Leatham was born in Hemsworth, West Yorkshire, joining the royal navy in 1900. Serving on multiple ships during the Great War such as the HMS Yarmouth and HMS Valiant. He managed to earn the Order of the Bath for his service in the navy, but his glory would not last for long. Following the British Revolution, he was initially forced to move to Canada continuing to serve in the Royal Navy until he got offered to serve in the West Indies in 1929, which he accepted. He is currently Chief of Staff to the Commander in-Chief of the West Indies Station to Andrew Cunningham. Serving as governor of Grenada, the peoples opinions of him being neutral at best as he seems much more focused on his naval responsibilities then his governing.§!\n\n§YNotes: Governor of Grenada. Known for being more focused on the admiralty then the governorship of Grenada, resulting in a rather low approval rating on the island. Chief of Staff to the Commander in-Chief Andrew Cunningham. Proponent of having a large navy to help re-secure Britain and defend the West Indies as a strategic stronghold.§!
Andrew Cunningham
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1883, in Dublin, Ireland§!
Denis Bernard
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1882, in London, England§!
Alban Curteis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1887, in Sevenoaks, Kent, England§!
Charles Kennedy-Purvis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1884, in Clifton, Bristol, England§!
Arthur Rowe Spurling
§YBorn:§! §LMay 19th, 1896, in Hamilton, Bermuda§!
Cecil Montgomery-Moore
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1889, in Chicopee, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Federation Defence Forces
§YFounded:§! §LJune 23rd, 1925, in Kingston, Jamaica, West Indies Federation§!
