Flanders Focus Tree
Flanders
Flemish
Flanders
Flemish Communal Republic
the Flemish Communal Republic
Flemish Communal Republic
the Flemish Communal Republic
Flemish Communal Republic
the Flemish Communal Republic
KB
Katholiek Blok
LP
Liberale Partij
VWP
Vlaamse Werklieden Partij
VWP
Vlaamse Werklieden Partij
VWP
Vlaamse Werklieden Partij
VWP
Vlaamse Werklieden Partij
TPV
Totalitaire Partij Vlaanderen
Verdinaso
Verdinaso
Flemish Council
Flemish Council
Interim Government
Interim Government
Loyalisten
Duitse Loyalisten
Van Vlaanderen
Huis van Vlaanderen
The Transitional Government will lead Flanders until the integration is finished
Adelbert accepts the Flemish Crown
Regency has ended
Flemish Lion
The Count of Flanders
Socialist Coalition
Liberal Coalition
Strong Centralised Power
Greater Flemish Expansion Drift
Catholic Recruitment Crisis
Redistributed Royal Wealth
Syndicalist Industry
Collectivised Farmland
Syndicalist Revolution
Nation within a Nation
Separate Flemish Parties
Decentralised Government
Dutch Recovery Funds
Abolition of French Education
Unified Infrastructural Net
Vlaamse Spoorwegenmaatschappij
Standardised Dutch Language
Flemish-Dutch Government
Frozen Food Gamble
Boerenbond Subsidised
Severed Trade
New Trade Agreements
Grote Doorsteek Programme
Gastarbeiders
Flemish Miners
The Liberation Army
Succession Crisis
Absolute Rule from the Council
Unified State
Enforcement of Flemish Culture
Flemish-German Bastion
Road to Democracy
Expanded Council
Democratic Council
Aristocratic Council
German Monarch
German-Flemish Cooperation
Flemish Nationalism
Abolished Flemish Council
First Signs of Stability
Democratic Drift
Integration of French Flanders
§MMonarchy§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$) \n£white_dot Have the Frontweging win over the Geuzengroep once the liberation army begins to divide.\n£white_dot Do the focuses \
Kickstart the Flemish Army
A ragtag resistance no more, the Flemish Liberation Army must be fully integrated into the apparatus of state.
Establish the Air Force
Most of Flanders-Wallonia's air force was based in Wallonia throughout due to the more strategically important location of the region's main airfields. Thus, we must do now what we Flems have always done: adapt. With focus and increased funding, surely the effectiveness of our fledgling air force will be the envy of the world.
Heavy Fighter Effort
Fighter aircraft must be versatile first and foremost and possess a range adequate to conduct operations in far flung theatres if need be. We should thus focus on the development of heavy fighters.
Light Fighter Effort
Large long-range fighters are cumbersome jacks-of-all-trades, kings of none. Our fighters must be agile yet deadly, capable of wresting control of the skies from even the strongest enemy.
CAS Focus
With the assistance of specialised aircraft, our boys will fight all that much more effectively. While we may now be playing catch-up, with a concerted national effort to develop close-air-support craft, the men will soon fight like never before.
Tactical Bomber Focus
Medium bombers are the backbone of a truly independent air force. Capable of both supporting our forces on land and sea and attacking enemy buildings and installations, we must make a national effort to develop more effective models of such aircraft.
Army Manoeuvres
While the army has been formally established, it still operates much like the resistance it once was. To really hammer home that the status-quo had changed, we should hold a large wargame encouraging the organisation and order our forces must grow to possess.
Mobile Focus
The enemy must not be allowed to approach our cities and threaten our homes. We must use speed and careful planning to defeat them outright.
Minerva Trucks
Based in Antwerp, Minerva is the country's foremost producer of automobiles and bicycles. While Minerva dabbled in military production under the Flemish-Walloon regime, with independence, it is all the more essential that we subsidise Minerva's transformation into a military vehicle supplier.
Develop Tanks
British tanks were particularly effective during the Weltkrieg and despite German victory, the world saw the potential of this new machine of war. We must develop more advanced models of our own to truly take advantage of them.
Remember the Yzer
With an indomitable will, Flemish men bravely held the Yzer River. That same spirit with which this stand was made must be promoted throughout our armed forces.
Armoured Warfare
Our forces are capable of moving rapidly and defeating an enemy before it can react. Let us fully embrace armoured warfare and tailor our doctrine entirely around mobility.
Defend Our Home
The suffering experienced under German occupation has left in our people an inclination towards defensive warfare.
FN Assault Rifles
While FN largely operated from the Walloon town of Herstal, the state company also had smaller facilities in Flanders. We should amalgamate these holdings into a new Flemish arms company focused on the research and development of cutting edge small arms.
Artillery Effort
The guns of the Weltkrieg ground advances to a halt. New and improved models of artillery possess this same ability, but suffer much less from the issues which plagued artillery pieces in that war. To fully secure our lands, we must have such weapons, and in massive quantities.
In Flanders Fields
In Flanders fields the poppies blow./Between the crosses, row on row, / That mark our place; and in the sky / The larks, still bravely singing, fly / Scarce heard amid the guns below.\n\nOur experience in the Weltkrieg is without parallel. Through careful planning and coordination, man upon man who dares to brave our lands shall find an early grave.
Naval Warfare
During the Weltkrieg, both sides recognised the strategic importance of the Flemish coast, and many invasions there were planned, though such grand designs ultimately fell through. Both for our defence and for our ability to project power abroad, we should focus on expanding our navy and supporting infrastructure.
Focus on Capital Ships
Mighty battleships and burgeoning aircraft carriers incur both massive risks and reward. While their cost may be great, if our navy is to have any impact on global stage, we must base its doctrine around an unwavering backbone of capital ships.
Capital Ship Effort
While for our small nation to develop dreadnoughts would be but a waste of resources, battleships are well within reach. These kings of the bristle with guns both large and small and are key to the proper implementation of our new naval doctrine.
Focus on Raiding Ships
As a small nation, we may still project disproportionate naval power through the use of submarines and interdiction tactics. The great powers of this world shall fear the Flemish hounds of the sea!
Destroyer Effort
With investment in submarine development, we should now look to create equally advanced destroyer models to both directly support them and perform missions to frustrate the enemy's ability to counter the threat of our submarines.
Cruiser Effort
Cruisers fill a multitude of roles, supporting ships both large and small. We should develop new advanced cruiser models.
Submarine Effort
Small and stealthy with deadly armaments, submarines are the bain of merchant ships and vessels of war alike; even a single midget sub could sink an enemy dreadnought or carrier. The Germans defeated British shipping in the Weltkrieg with their U-boats and our enemies shall suffer the same fate.
Carrier Effort
The role of aircraft in naval warfare has grown rapidly in recent years. Based from aircraft carriers, planes can project power across the world and affect naval engagements with a consequentiality disproportionate to their cost. While carriers themselves may be quite expensive, we must develop them.
Syndicalist Revolution
While the purifying fires of revolution consumed much of the former Entente, Flanders chafed under German imperialist oppression. History, however, ultimately moves in one inevitable direction; the land and its people at last have thrown off their chains. Let us herald in the revolution and begin the process of complete socio-economic transformation.
Collectivise Farmlands
In spite of the undeniable promise of socialism for the working man, the rural peasantry owe their loyalty primarily to that great redoubt of reaction - the Church and its agents. If the countryside is to progress with the rest of the nation, farms big and small must be seized and reorganised into collectives externally managed by urban industrial syndicates.
Nationalise Industry
While many factories and mills have naturally transitioned to worker self-management, these glorious syndicates have failed to penetrate many key industries. The stain of capitalism cannot continue to sully our nation! All industry not yet sufficiently collective must be run by the state for the time being.
Hold the Party Congress
The issues of greatest societal import have been at least partially dealt with, and given this bit of renewed stability, we must hold the first central party congress since the founding of our new Republic.
Redistribute Royal Wealth
The tyrants who once ruled our lands by right of birth alone accumulated unparalleled wealth over the centuries. Let us repatriate this great horde to those whose toil brought such wealth into being!
Reduce Christian Influence
While the rural powerbase of political Catholicism has is under control, the influence of the Church and religion can still be felt throughout the country. The people must be freed from their own unfounded belief! We must promote irreligion at every opportunity, though the current situation would make complete state atheism politically infeasible.
United Netherlands
Our nation has drawn ever closer to our linguistic brothers to the north. The process of political and economic integration, however, is sure to be slow, so let's get to it.
Transitional Government
To guide the process, we should appoint a transitional government and reach over the party lines to strive for a successful integration for everyone.
The Dutch Attachment
To truly unite and do away with the cultural influence of centuries of Walloon domination, Flanders must work to fully attach itself to the Netherlands. While some may resist this aggressive integration process, the reward, we know, will be great and our land shall prosper as part of a Netherlands at last made whole.
Hold the Leuven Language Congress
While is language is fundamentally cut from the same clothe as the standard language of the north, there are also a number of differences in spelling, pronunciation, and even grammar which limit mutual intelligibility and hamper communication. If the Dutch speaking peoples are to be truly united, or language must be standardised, drawing from both the standard Dutch spoken in the Netherlands and our own language.
Embrace Dutch Culture
We must work to promote Dutch culture in Flanders, especially where French influence still prevails. To best accomplish this, our friends in the Netherlands have put our government in close contact with cultural experts and academics in their, soon to be both our, nation.
Centralised Government
While our fundamental system of governance and political structure is similar to that of the Netherlands, irregularities abound. In preparation of integration, we should pass sweeping reforms to emulate the Dutch and make the future centralisation of authority in Amsterdam a more effective process.
Dismantle French Education
Flanders was long beneath the boot of Wallonia, our people forced to learn French to have any chance of advancement. With some still clinging on to a Belgian identity, the teaching of French in schools has been preserved with independence. With the backing of the Netherlands, we should work to assimilate French speakers and wind down French education.
Request a Recovery Budget
Our lands are significantly less developed than those to our north. In order to begin to correct this historic injustice and prepare for integration, we must have Dutch funding. The money will be put primarily towards renovating industrial complexes and improving the plethora of systematically neglected holdings throughout the country.
Decentralised Government
The Dutch have met our demands and the process of integration is progressing rapidly. We should now look to formulate the exact structure of the coming Flemish region within the Netherlands.
Unified Transportation Network
The process of political and economic integration has been a rousing success. The strain increased economic activity has brought and issues caused by differences in our transportation systems with those of our Northern friends has become a burden. We must work to standardise all manner of minutia and connect many purely domestic transportation networks with the Netherlands proper.
Vlaamse Spoorwegen
The Dutch Nationale Spoorwegen must be replicated in Flanders, with a rapid expansion funded by the Netherlands with a single administration responsible for it. This new Vlaamse Spoorwegen, however, must not be subordinate to its northern counterpart, it must be Flanders alone that manages its own transportation systems!
Fulfil Integration
Key points of contention with our northern brethren have been resolved and our nations physically connected like never before. Let us at long last be integrated into the Netherlands!
Nation Within a Nation
Flanders must be united with its cultural brethren, but it cannot be subjugated. Within this new united Netherlands, our region must be a nation unto itself, with sweeping autonomy and assurances to the continued survival of a unique Flemish identity.
Demand Flemish Language Recognition
Our language is distinct in many ways from that of our northern neighbours. The recognition of our linguistic autonomy is contingent to any further progress towards our integration into the Netherlands. The Dutch will inevitably protest strongly, and as such, we must make a concerted national effort to assure that our demands are met in full.
Separate Flemish Parties
While through centuries of struggle, our land won autonomy within Belgium. While we have chosen rightly to throw or lot in with the Netherlands, there can be no compromise; Flanders must enjoy at least the same degree of political autonomy it did as a part of Belgium. To that end Flemish political parties must be allowed to establish themselves in the Netherlands and only our own parties can be allowed to compete in local Flemish elections.
Economic Cooperation
Plans for a thorough economic cooperation system date back to the 1820s when King Willem of the Netherlands still fostered plans to use Belgium as his manufacturing base whilst the Dutch ports would ship the products out. With our renewed union, the time has come to mend the broken relations and foster the integration of both economies into a unified system.
Expand the Maastricht-Hasselt Axis
Limburg on both sides of the old national borders has always been a neglected part of our nations and although a strong connection between the Limbourgish people of Flemish and Dutch Limburg kept the region somewhat united, the infrastructure and industry of the region were left far behind that of other provinces. The loss of the Walloon mines has now prompted us to focus on this province and to bring the outdated region up to speed with the rest of the nation.
Deepen the Westerschelde
The Westerschelde is the lifeblood of the Flemish economy as its main export harbours, those of Gent and Antwerpen rely on its connection to the North Sea. Requests to deepen the Westerschelde and as such allow larger ships to enter have been denied as the harbour of Rotterdam, the largest competitor of Antwerpen, and as such the Dutch government saw its expansion as a threat to their economy. As the borders are now lifted, the Dutch have finally agreed.
Unified Dutch Currency
Currently the Mark and the Gulden are used intertwined in Flanders as the rushed union with the Netherlands and the Black Monday crash has left the Flemish economy in the dumpster and without clear regulation. To ameliorate the issue, the ministry of financial affairs has agreed with Dutch demands to fully embrace the Gulden.
Shell in Antwerp Harbour
Lacking domestic oil production yet having a high need for the black gold, refineries in the harbours of Antwerpen and Gent have long attempted to keep as much of the oil industry domestically, only importing the raw material. As German companies are in shambles and with the importance worldwide of Shell, the city of Antwerpen has offered a concession to the company in the hopes of securing a reliable connection to the oil fields and reduce dependence on Dutch ports.
Development of Zeeuws-Vlaanderen
Zeeuws-Vlaanderen is a curious little province within the Dutch nation. Although it is predominantly inhabited by people sharing our Flemish culture, it refused to join Belgium in 1830 and has slowly created its own identity. Nonetheless one cannot deny that people from Zeeuws-Vlaanderen often work, live and shop in our lands and that one of the main economic hubs of the region, Terneuzen, is almost entirely dependent on the harbour of Gent.
Flemish-Dutch Scientific Cooperation
As we are now one nation, it is only reasonable that we pool our intellectual strength and improve our standing in the global scientific community.
Regency by the Flemish Council
The Flemish Council has established itself as the only legitimate form of government and quelled the radical ideas of the resistance. They are however meant to act solely as an advising organ to a King, a position that currently remains vacant.
Absolute Rule of the Council
The King only held us back! Without his oversight Van Severen and the VNV can reign freely and with an iron fist, eliminating all opposition and safeguarding our nation from the syndicalist threat.
Unify the State
While the abolition of the regency has increased the power of the Council substantially, its popularity is at an all time low. Large scale propaganda actions and nationalist rhetoric will sway our citizens to see that the enemy isn't on the inside but outside of Flanders.
Crack Down on Syndicalism
The Syndicalist movement cannot be allowed to exist in our country as it undermines our authority and falsely strays our sheep onto the wrong path. Strong and decisive action against its leadership may put the organisation out of its misery.
Flanders is a nation for the Flemish, not the Germans and most definitely not the French. By working together with the VNV we can end the facility towns on the language border and enforce a strict form of Flemish education. French will no longer be taught as a third language and will be strictly outlawed by the Council.
The Council has only temporarily taken control and awaits the appointment of a new monarch. Tensions between the nobility and the nouveau riche are increasing with both groups seeking to stall the election until their power is secure.
Expand the Council
The Council is locked in a stalemate and the people on the streets are growing restless due to their exclusion from the Council and wider political franchise. Therefore we plan to open up fifty new places in the Council for all to compete over. Both the Catholics and the VWP would vie for these places as obtaining them could give them the majority they seek.
For the People By the People
No longer shall we be a German lapdog. The people have spoken and it's clear that they are heavily resisting the influence of both the aristocracy and the remnants of the German regime. Only a government chosen by and from the Flemish people will be tolerated!
Constitutional Monarchy
Flanders is a monarchy and should re-invite the Count of Flanders to take control. His role would be heavily restricted due to the failures of Adelbert's regime, but he should still serve as our symbol of national unity to help guide the nation in times of peril!
Foundation of the Republic
The rule of the aristocracy is at end! Only by giving the common man a vote and an opportunity to scale the political ladder will Flanders flourish and prosper.
Hold Free Elections
No longer are members appointed to the Flemish Council without being elected. the Government will be reformed into a true parliament consisting of representatives from all communities and parties.
Proclaim the County of Flanders
It was during the rule of the Counts of Flanders that we achieved our national zenith. Reinstating this institutional former glory would definitely boost the morale of our people and grant even more legitimacy to our King, who would accept the title of Count of Flanders.
Flemish Revanchism
In recent centuries we have been the toy of nearly every major European power and have on many occasions lost hard won land. No more! Flanders does not forgive nor does it forget its brothers abroad!
The Zeeuws-Vlaanderen Question
The people of Zeeuws-Vlaanderen are just as Flemish as the Brusselois but have been stolen from our nation by the Dutch. With the recent independence of the Flemish State and due to the large amount of Flemish people commuting there from our nation, pushing the Dutch government for a referendum might result in the secession of their province to our rightful control.
Infiltrate Frans-Vlaanderen
Lost to France in the 18th century, the lands around Duinkerke and Rijsel still hold large Flemish speaking minorities which we should liberate from French oppression!
Revise the Flandro-German Treaty
One of the conditions of our independence was to pay hefty reparations to Germany to make sure we couldn't escape their sphere of influence. With our new pro-German government, the German Empire is willing to loosen those restrictions and reward our loyalty to the Reichspakt cause.
Form a Socialist Coalition
The elections are over and a Formateur has been appointed from the VWP who will try to form a socialist tinted coalition government
Form a Liberal Coalition
The elections are over and a Formateur has been appointed from the KB who will try to form a liberal tinted coalition government
The aristocratic coup has been successful and the Flemish Council is now firmly under noble control. The appointment of Adelbert as titular king of Flanders has allowed us to even further directly influence state affairs towards our own interests.
Adelbert has been appointed nominal ruler of Flanders and has secured a strong and stable relation with Germany, allowing us free rein in the country.
The Resistance Takes Control
The Flemish Council has been forced to abdicate and a temporary government consisting of the most loyal revolutionaries has been put in charge.
Flemish Nationalism Prevails
The Groot-Nederlandisten and the Germans have both been put down, allowing the resistance to serve a solely Flemish cause.
Abolition of the Council
The Council's power reaches far and wide and the corrupt organisation will need to be destroyed by all means necessary to ensure a properly managed Flemish State.
Dissolution of the Vlaamse Wacht
Not only did the Vlaamse Wacht serve the German King, but they also sided with Van Severen and the power grab of the Council. In order to secure our nation's stability, they must be fully dissolved and integrated into the Rijkswacht.
Flanders Investment and Trade
The Flanders Investment and Trade bureau is an initiative by the Flemish government to revitalise the industry and promote Flemish companies abroad.
Invest in the Antwerpian Harbour
The harbour of Antwerp is vital to the Flemish economy and is the main trade hub for Flanders, Wallonia and the southern Rhineland. Further expansions are in order to meet the rising demands.
Focus on Chemical Expertise
Throughout the 19th and 20th century we have profiled ourselves as one of the biggest players on the synthetics and pharmaceutical market, with the first polymer being invented by Baekeland. We must focus on what we are best at.
Invest in the Brussels Capital Region
Bolstering urbanisation methods in the Brussels Capital Region will bolster our workforce there and further advance our country from an agricultural nation to a more modern industrial one.
Invest in Limburg Mining Operations
Coal mining in the Limburg province has only recently started but is demanding ever more personnel. Specialists from the Universities of Flanders and various Congolese mining firms have been recalled to further develop this growing industry.
Invest in Flemish Industry
The provinces of West-Flanders and East-Flanders are the beating heart of our industry and need increased government funding to further expand and develop the sector.
Agricultural Innovation
Agricultural expertise from the University of Ghent has modernised our own agricultural industry and is highly sought after across the Reichspakt. Experience and the introduction to foreign cases has further bolstered our national knowledge and has led to many breakthroughs.
Antwerpse Raffinage Possibilities
Oil is currently being imported in large quantities in the harbour of Antwerp. By refining it in Antwerp itself we can double our profits and secure our own synthetics industry.
With the new trade treaties now in full swing, demand on our nation as a commercial transit point is increasing. The Scheldt however, is twisted around the harbour and will need straightening before we can exploit its full potential.
Seek New Trade Agreements
With our own economy well on the way towards full health, restoring trade treaties with our neighbour nations would be a favourable outcome for all parties involved.
Frozen Food Processing
Inspired by the American trend to use freezers and refrigerators, the demand for frozen food across Europe is increasing. This is a risky investment though as our own internal demand for the commodity is very low and we would need to rely on exporting the food.
Subsidise the Boerenbond
The Boerenbond is a union for farmers, many of whom have requested that the Government increase funding to support agriculture in West-Flanders, a region heavily struck by the economic crisis.
Minerva Military Facilities
While Minerva is well known for making luxury cars, a recent contract proposal for military trucking capabilities has interested the Government and is now awaiting final approval.
Expand the Vlaamse Ruit
The Vlaamse Ruit is the region located between Ghent, Antwerp, Brussels and Mechelen. This area contains the largest concentration of cities and is our major industrial powerhouse. Further attention to the region in the structural plans of the Government would increase the efficiency of our industry and allow for a denser concentration of resources.
Renovation of the KU Leuven
The KU Leuven was hit hard during the Weltkrieg and lost its entire library during the siege of the city. With German focus on the University of Ghent, funding has been lacking these last couple of years. An influx of cash and the necessary reparations to the campus would ensure that the university is once again able to compete at a global level.
Invite Arbed Steel
Due to massive coal reserves in Limburg and steady imports from Wallonia, the steel industry in Ghent is ripe for expansion and representatives are requesting that we encourage Arbed to increase production output.
Finish the Express Train Brussels-Oostende
To further facilitate commuter travel from West-Flanders and tourists for the Flemish Coast, a Brussels-Oostende Expressway has been proposed by the Government to complement the existing highways and railroads.
Fund the Ghent Textile Industry
Known since the medieval era for its textile production, the industrial revolution and investment from the Belgian government have dramatically expanded production in Ghent. However, now facing competition from Eastern Europe and America it is high time to further increase our own production to meet German demands.
Expand MECAR
With the loss of Wallonia, most of our arms producers left as well. The expansion of the MECAR munition factories will be necessary to sustain our army.
Expand the Zaventem Aviation Industry
With the international airport of Brussels located in Zaventem and an increasing interest for the aviation industry, land has been cleared and sold at knockdown prices to assist aviation start-ups.
Import Foreign Labour
Our current mining companies are unable to cope with the state quotas and are requesting more workers to further make use of the large reserves. Immigrants from the economically unstable regions of Spain and Italy are already heeding the call and awaiting simplified visa procedures.
By focusing on smaller but more professional teams, we can increase our output without damaging the coal reserves.
Open Solvay Manufacturing Facility
Solvay has decided to open a large production plant in the harbour of Antwerp with help from the German Bayer company.
Expand our Mittelafrikan Influence
Due to the fall of Flanders-Wallonia, the vultures of Mittelafrika have tried to reduce our influence and have slowly been restricting our mining companies. We will have to fight these measures in Germany and Mittelafrika itself to retain our influence.
Secure the Diamond Trade
Nearly every diamond on the planet passes through Antwerp where the mostly Jewish population controls the diamond sector. By securing more mining permits from the Mittelafrikan government we can increase the production in Africa and as such the trade at home.
Copper from Katanga
Katanga contains large untouched copper reserves which are being exploited by Flemish companies but resources like cobalt and other rare earth elements are just waiting to be exploited by our mining companies.
