Mittelafrika Focus Tree
Mittelafrika
Mittelafrikaner
Mittelafrika
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
Mittelafrika
the Mittelafrika Colonial Federation
South West Africa
South West African
South West Africa
Free Germany
Free German
Free Germany
Provisional Government of Germany
the Provisional Government of Germany
[THIS.MittelafrikaGetStateTerritoryTitle]
German East Africa
Cameroon Protectorate
Congo Protectorate
Gabon Protectorate
Togo Protectorate
Dahomey Protectorate
German South West Africa
Nigeria Colony/Protectorate
Gold Coast Colony
Kenya Colony/Protectorate
Uganda Protectorate
Northern Rhodesia
Nyasaland Protectorate
Karl Ritter
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1883, in Marktredwitz, Upper Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKarl Ritter arrived in a Mittelafrika that had for many years been subject to the whims of the various military cliques that had formed in the aftermath of the 1919 and 1925 pacification campaigns, and while he initially hoped to break this status quo, he found that although he was legally in charge, the German army's tradition of 'independent action' did not make it particularly amenable to being told what to do. By 1936 he has largely abandoned these efforts, taking comfort in the fact that at least in Africa, things rarely change... or do they?§!
Georg von Kraut
During the Weltkrieg, von Kraut was one of the most senior officers in East Africa, after Generals von Lettow-Vorbeck and Wahle. He took command of the battles of Kilimanjaro, Oldorobo, and Latema Nek, leading the troops to victory each time. After the war, he took divisional command and put down rebellions in the Upper Kongo and Ruvuma Valley. In 1925, he would be the one to negotiate the entry of German troops into British East Africa and conduct the occupation. Later, he would become commander of all armed forces in Mittelafrika. To the extent that the Schutztruppe has a leader, it's him.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1870, in Hildesheim, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_georg_kraut_desc_body$ With Generaloberst Georg von Kraut in command, we can expect to continue the finest German military traditions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1870, in Hildesheim, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_georg_kraut_desc_body$§!
Ernst Jünger
Awarded the Pour le Mérite for his service in the Weltkrieg, Jünger is something of a renaissance man. He is both an accomplished author, with his best-seller 'Storm of Steel' and an educated entomologist, using his time in Africa to discover and document numerous species while introducing our Askari to 'stormtrooper tactics'. Jünger broke with the German Army after a dispute carried through a series of articles published in military journals in the mid-20s.\n\nUnable to convince the General Staff to adopt his views, he took a transfer to Africa, where he was free to implement his theories on the importance of psychology in modern warfare.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1895, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_ernst_juenger_desc_body$ Proclaiming a new era in colonial governance, Ernst Jünger will bring what he calls a 'new spirit of 'adventure' to the colonisation of Africa, as well as help us reform our infantry tactics.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1895, in Heidelberg, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_ernst_juenger_desc_body$§!
Fritz Kolbe
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1900, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_fritz_kolbe_desc_body$§!
Fritz Kolbe rose through the ranks of the Colonial Office not by patronage and favour, but by diligence and ability. It was his raw intellect that brought him into the service of Karl Ritter, and it was with Karl Ritter that he went to Mittelafrika. When his superior began to falter, Kolbe picked up the pace - and has run much of the day-to-day operations of the governor's office, ensuring a smooth transition when he found himself formally in charge after the former governor's downfall.
Rudolf Asmis
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1879, in Mesekenhagen, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$MAF_rudolf_asmis_desc_body$§!
Dr. Asmis is a jurist with a long career in the Reichskolonialamt. He has served as a district officer in Togoland, Consul to the Belgian Congo, Counsellor to the General Government of Belgium, delegate to the Shanghai Convention, and, most recently, head of the Reichskolonialamt. His most notable and controversial work has been with his policy of 'Bezirksleiterrecht', a policy of legitimising and formalising local and tribal law, and giving district officers the power to defer to this law in place of German Law. This has been tried in Samoa with some success in reducing conflict with the locals. With such a long history in Imperial and Foreign affairs, he naturally has a close relationship with key individuals in the Colonial Office, and will favour their ideas in decision making. A gifted diplomat with global experience as the head of the Reichskolonialamt, Dr Asmis is eager to see Africa fulfil a key role in Germany's Weltpolitik.
Hermann Meyer-Rabingen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1887, in Rotenburg, Province of Hannover, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Adolf von Duisburg
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1883, in Arnhemia, Sumatra, Dutch East Indies§!
Theodor von Hippel
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1900, in Thorn, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Alfred von Randow
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1879, in Neiße, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hans Surén
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1885, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ferdinand Schörner
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1892, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Adolf Heusinger
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1897, in Holzminden, Duchy of Brunswick, German Empire§!
Heinrich Kirchheim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1882, in Bad Elmen, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hans Holländer
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in the German Empire§!
Max von Looff
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1874, in Strasbourg, Lower Alsace District, Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire§!
Ernst-Felix Krüder
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1897, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Reichskolonialamt
§YFounded:§! §L1890, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Friedrich Kegel
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Hettstedt, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Alfred Zintgraff
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1878, in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erich Gröner
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1901, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Jan Cornelius van Sambeek
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1886, in Veldhoven, North Brabant, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Max von Schenckendorff
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1875, in Prenzlau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hellmuth Felmy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 28th, 1885, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Udet
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1896, in Frankfurt am Main, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ludwig Bockholt
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1885, in Heerdt, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
German Oversight
Mauser Mittelafrika
Opel Daressalam
Focke Wulf Afrika
[GetYear] Budget
$MAF_budget_decisions$
Industrial Factory Donations: §G+[?MAF_offmap_civs]§!\nMilitary Factory Donations: §G+[?MAF_offmap_mils]§!\nWeekly Manpower: §G+[?MAF_weekly_manpower]§!
We receive the bulk of our budget through subsidies and trade, along with fresh troops, from Germany.
[GetYear] Budget
We receive the bulk of our budget through subsidies and trade, along with fresh troops, from Germany.
An Economy in Shambles
2nd Year: Military Focus
2nd Year: Civilian Focus
3rd Year: Military Focus
3rd Year: Civilian Focus
4th Year: Finishing Touches
Towards a Self-Sufficient Africa
Imminent Collapse
We have managed to ignite the entire continent into war! Unless we crush them all swiftly, our entire apparatus of state will implode, and Mittelafrika will cease to exist.
Honorary Officers
British Volunteers
Mittelafrikan Bundesrat
Spirit of von Lettow-Vorbeck
Efficient Supply Usage
Expanding our Airfields
African Ground Crews
Pilot Endurance Training
Carrying the Fight Abroad
Cape to Cairo Railroad
Expanded Cape to Cairo Railroad
Belgian Investment
African Investments
White Phosphorus Bombs
White phosphorus has many uses, but none as deadly or effective as being applied directly against enemy combatants in dense jungle terrain, though its after-effects are less than 'savoury'.
Native Revolt
The Mandate Question
The formerly British colonies have been under German mandate since the collapse of the British Empire in 1925. Their governmental structures remain largely intact, though power is increasingly consolidated in the hands of a handful of rich landowners.\n\nSince we cannot directly interact with their governance, this may turn out to be a problem in the long run.
Cut off funding
In order to stave off ideas like 'sovereignty', the German homeland has decided to punish Mittelafrika with a reduction in its supplies and funding. Without much of the vital supply required to maintain the pacification of untamed areas, many areas on the dark continent are slipping away from Dar-es-Salaam's control and are at risk of slipping into the control of local forces.\n\nIt's to be seen if this move manages to affect the wayward colonial authorities to come begging back for the fatherland's help, or if it is merely just another step in the gradual loss of control that has been plaguing the administration.
Border Raids
There are ongoing 'bandit' raids along our border; they are destroying crops, burning villages, and killing our guards. While the Portuguese promise they know nothing about these 'bandits', we are sure they are behind them. Either way, the raids will continue to be a thorn in our side until we put an end to the flow of guns to these 'bandits'.
Rising Resistance
With the loss of Mittelafrikan troops to Portuguese forces, there has been a significant rise in the activity of anti-colonial movements as a response. With the colonial forces battered and their reputation as an undefeated army tarnished, many are willing to take up arms and fight the German forces head-on, and colonial forces can't do much in the meantime to oppose them.
Recent Resistance
With the loss of Mittelafrikan troops to Portuguese forces, there has been a significant rise in tensions in the colony as a result. With the colonial forces battered and their reputation as an undefeated army somewhat tarnished, some are still willing to take up arms and fight the German forces head-on, and colonial forces are in weak shape to oppose them.
'Unconventional' Army
Armies created following the collapse of Mittelafrika aren't conventional. They don't have the same ability to defend and hold the line as more standard divisions but are better able to move and fight in the harsh conditions of Africa. Additionally, while conventional factories are few and far between, there are ample opportunities to scavenge equipment, providing a steady, if limited, supply of arms.
Modern African Army
On Borrowed Time
Ever since our defeat in Europe, we have ingloriously retreated to Africa, just like the French before us. The situation is far from ideal - we lack the industry, men, and guns to match our old glory. But worse are the locals... they are eyeing our weakness, and their loyalties are shifting. Foreign powers, ambitious warlords, and internal fighting are chipping away at the fragile, rotting infrastructure our predecessors have neglected. We have to move fast, or else Germany will be lost!
Afrikakorps
Expanded Afrikakorps
Closer to the Fatherland
We provide considerable state support to the construction of a new imperial navy. While we lack the ability to easily produce larger ships, the nation's output of small ships has increased substantially.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
RKA (Reformist)
Reichskolonialamt (Reformist)
RKA (Hardliner)
Reichskolonialamt (Hardliner)
Prov. NatAusch. WDSt.
Provisorischer Nationalausschuß für die Wiedergewinnung des deutschen Staates (Provisional National Committee for the Recovery of the German State)
-
When Stability reaches §R-80%§!, the country will §Rcollapse§!
§RAll remaining revolters will grow stronger.§!
§RThis is not a path that we should tread lightly. Powerful forces both within and without will try to stop us...§!\n
\nThe Governor's message may not be well received.\nWe will deal with any and all §Rinsubordination§!.
\nFailure to obey Berlin rarely goes unpunished.\nWe are ready to face the §Rconsequences§!.\n\n
§RMittelafrika will collapse and fracture into dozens of new nations.§!\n
Mittelafrika has collapsed
§RIgnoring the words of the Kaiser is a dangerous game...§!\n
§RAlmost the entire continent is about to break out into open revolt; this is surely the end...§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes North Mozambique to Mittelafrika.§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes the entirety of Mozambique, which shall be incorporated into Mittelafrika.§!\n
§B[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes parts of Mozambique and Angola as security zones for Mittelafrika.§!\n
§R[POR.GetNameDefCap] cedes the entirety of Mozambique and Angola, which shall be incorporated into Mittelafrika.§!\n
§RIt appears that somehow MAF or GER has not demanded anything - this appears to be a bug in the events, so if you see this in a normal way, it would be very helpful if you could report this to the KR GitHub, preferably with a game log.§!\n
§RAdding such large amounts of territory to the already unstable Mittelafrika administration might prove to push it past its breaking point.§!\n
All the revolts have been defeated
Our colony will start supplying Germany with domestic produce §Rat all costs.§!\n\n
§H[Root.GetNameDefCap]§! declares war on §H$KEN_KIK$§!.
§RThe Bush War will start.§!\n§H[MAF.GetNameDef]§! declares war on §H$POR$§!.
§CPortugal§! currently has the advantage.
§PMittelafrika§! currently has the advantage.
§LNo One§! has the advantage.
[ROOT.GetName] can only send volunteers to nations in Africa.
§Y[ENT.GetFlag][ENT.GetName]§! and its allies do not own any §Y[GER.GetFlag]German§! core states.
Budgeting for Beginners
Through foreign investment and trade, we are currently receiving:\n\n   £GFX_civ_factory  [?MAF_offmap_civs] Civilian Factories\n   £GFX_mil_factory  [?MAF_offmap_mils] Military Factories
Domestic Affairs
£GFX_increase_texticon  Increase Military Budget
£GFX_decrease_texticon  Decrease Military Budget
§Y2§! £GFX_civ_factory
§R2§! £GFX_civ_factory
It costs $MAF_2_civ_blocked$  to take the decision
§Y3§! £GFX_mil_factory
§R3§! £GFX_mil_factory
It costs $MAF_3_mil_blocked$  to take the decision
Modify our §YColonial Budget§! by
Expanding Rubber Plantations
Africa's natural wealth is staggering; we need to develop our means of accessing it.
Oil Extraction in Nigeria
It is time to further develop our means of resource extraction.
Extracting Rare Metals
The time has come to make Africa the resource powerhouse it was always meant to be.
Resource Refinement Efforts
We need to develop our means of refining the many resources yielded by the African soil.
Assume control of the Mittelafrikan Navy
The small German Mittelafrikan navy is a valuable asset to our naval strategy in the Indian Ocean. It would be better off if it were more closely integrated into Berlin's command structure, rather than being left to the whims of Dar-es-Salaam.
§RRevolt in Mittelafrika§!
Revolt in Mittelafrika! It seems that ending the protectorates was a step too far; open revolt is now all but inevitable. If only we could have known it would be the spark that sets off the powder keg...\n\nWhile many think this is the end of Mittelafrika, we know better; our brave troops will surely be able to put down some upstart revolts and resolve things quickly.\n\n§RIf our stability drops too low or we are unable to put down the revolt in time, it will indeed be the end of Mittelafrika.§!\n\nYou can gain additional time by capitulating revolting nations.
Save the DKAEB
The Bush War
\n§LWe will win if we manage to take control over any three of the following states owned by§! §CPortugal§!§L:§! §g[540.GetName], [544.GetName], [917.GetName]§! §Land§! §g[950.GetName].§!
The Bush War
\n§LWe will win if we manage to take control over any three of the following states owned by§! §PMittelafrika§!§L:§! §g[813.GetName], [871.GetName], [879.GetName]§! §Land§! §g[958.GetName].§!
Refused to Stop the Rebels
Colony and Protectorate of Kenya
British Kenya has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Colony and Protectorate of Nigeria
British Nigeria has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Colony of the Gold Coast
British Gold Coast has been under a German mandate since 1925. However, the British insist on maintaining their own security. Troops may only enter during wartime.
Uganda Protectorate
British Uganda has been under German protection since 1925.
Northern Rhodesia Protectorate
British Northern Rhodesia has been under German protection since 1925.
Nyasaland Protectorate
British Nyasaland has been under German protection since 1925.
Autonomous Protectorate
German-Operated DKAEB Railroad
Jointly Operated DKAEB Railroad
£GFX_command_power  Administrative Failure Counter: [?MAF_administration_failure_counter]\n\n[MAF_get_admin_fail_oversight_lvl]
§GBusiness as usual.§!
§YOur administration is operating under heightened oversight from Berlin.§!
§ROur administration is currently under investigation.\nAny further missteps could prove to be its downfall.§!
§CThis represents a §Rsignificant failure§! of our administration. Continued failure will result in the §Rremoval§! of Governor [THIS.GetLeader].§!
§RBerlin will choose a new governor.§!
Four Year Plan
Trouble is brewing in Europe and Asia: Germany's enemies are growing bolder every day, while our own military has become complacent. We must set a timetable for our economic and military rearmament to ensure that we are ready to support the Fatherland in every way possible.
A Long-Range Air Force
Africa is far from the major theatres of war. In order to engage our enemies, we must construct a fleet of long-range bombers capable of even transoceanic voyages. Even if we never use it, our ability to project air power across the Indian and Atlantic oceans will greatly improve our prestige.
Ready for the Inevitable
War is inevitable, and time is precious. In the Weltkrieg, we gained a great advantage by mobilising faster than the British in Africa. We must be the first to mobilise in the next war as well.
Workshops into Factories
African labourers will work for far less than the average German, if we pay them at all. It makes sense, therefore, to encourage the development of simple manufacturing processes suitable to Africa instead.
A Career in the Colonies
The crisis in Germany has cost many qualified engineers and planners their jobs. Various colonial societies have taken it upon themselves to encourage these now unemployed people to pursue a career in the colonies - and us to hire them for future large-scale projects.
Connecting the Continent
Thanks to the influx of German engineers, we are seeing an unprecedented number of proposals for infrastructure projects that will make future large-scale projects possible. The Congo Basin is a particular favourite.
Technical Schools
The education of the natives has always been provided by the missionary schools. But they have their own agenda, and training good, efficient workers is not part of it. So it is up to us to educate the brave warriors on the home front - in our factories and manufactories.
The Reluctant Sovereign
Now that [MAF.GetLeader]'s position as Governor has been secured, it is time to bring the Schutztruppe to heel and turn the rest of our administration toward furthering our autonomy and authority.
Swakopmund Proving Grounds
Flamethrowers, artillery pieces, bombs - we have it all. However, it is proven that training on them in proper facilities is more efficient than firing indiscriminately into the wilderness. As such, military training is henceforth to be conducted at the Swakopmund Proving Grounds, where we can both supervise how our equipment is handled as well as note any flaws in operation and construction.
Develop the Flüssigbrandbombe
Traditional bombing tactics have limited use in the dense foliage of Africa. The thick vegetation and jungle require a new weapon: the Flüssigbrandbombe 'the Liquid Fire Bomb'. Its effect on enemy combatants is as horrific as it is effective.
African Jet Aircraft
Africa is vast, and we can't depend on anyone else to control it. We must develop and create the latest developments in aerial warfare; jet aircraft. With them, no one will be able to challenge us in all the continent!
Investigate the Black Dossier
Our administration has been seriously compromised and we must ensure that those responsible are brought to justice.
Sovereign is he...
The situation in Germany is growing worse by the minute, threatening the very existence of our presence in Africa. We are in a state of exception, and we must take extraordinary measures. There cannot be any more turmoil from within.
...who decides on the exception
The Governor is not merely a bureaucrat fulfilling a government role. We have already established that he is only accountable to Germany, and it is now important to establish that he is co-equal to the highest authority in Africa.
The Legal Status of the British Protectorates
The status quo surrounding the British Colonies and Protectorates satisfies no one. Let us strive to amend this as soon as possible.
Disband the Paramilitaries
Even before our arrival, the British populations of Kenya and Northern Rhodesia worked to ensure their security through 'rifle clubs', auxiliary police associations, and paramilitaries. Rowdy and lacking any semblance of central leadership, these organisations do as much harm as they do good. It is time to put an end to their reign of terror.
Annex the British Colonies
In 1925, the island of Britain fell to the plague of socialism. Our armies moved into British territory to prevent the revolution from reaching Africa, establishing a trusteeship over the British colonies until a 'responsible British government' could be restored. We shall end this farce; the colonies are ours by right of conquest.
A New Administration
In order to further assert our control over Africa, it is necessary to take inventory of our administrators and staff and coordinate a plan of action.
A Return to Responsible Governance
It has been more than a decade since the British colonies and protectorates have seen an appointment of new governors and administrators. With the collapse of the government in London, the local Legislative and Executive Councils have persisted. They have been sidelined long enough and shall take up the mantle of the governance of the British Colonies.
Reconcile the Paramilitaries
While some may see the British settlers' paramilitaries as a nuisance, we see it as an opportunity. A large armed, conservative, and white population can reinforce our rule and protect against native uprisings. We should grant our official blessing to these organisations.
Integrate the Anglo Security Forces
We can reduce discontent in our British trusteeships by offering their officers commissions in our forces at an equivalent rank. They will feel less like a subject population, and we get a wealth of well-trained officers.
Restore British Self-Rule
Attempting to integrate the British Colonies into our Colonial Union would not only be foolish - for neither Berlin nor the Brits on the ground want this to happen - but also exceedingly difficult. Still, the status quo cannot continue. We should thus instead restore some measure of self-rule to these people as part of our trusteeship to restore responsible government to these territories.
Bezirksleiterrecht
Much of the law that ordinary Africans operate and face trial under is not German law, but local tribal laws, arbitrated by tribal leaders and elders. Rather than trying to stamp it out and flood our limited number of acceptable judges, lawyers, and jurors, Rudolf Asmis has proposed we have teams of legal experts consult with the locals to put into writing and modernise their local laws.
A Mittelafrikan Bundesrat
Already, each constituent colony of our Kolonialbund has a Landesrat, which gives German citizens the opportunity to have a say in government. We will create an analogue at the federal level, a Mittelafrikan 'Bundesrat'. Half of its seats will be elected by the individual colonies, while the other half will be appointed directly by the Governor.
Promote African Studies in Germany
The official language of our administration is Swahili, but there are few opportunities to learn it elsewhere, not to mention the hundreds of other native languages used in Africa. To have a steady supply of competent administrators, we should encourage German universities to train specialists in African languages and cultures.
Royal Tours
In Africa, we mostly rule through local intermediaries, Kings and Chieftains whose rule we back with iron authority. We can use them to help modernise from the ground up, while also integrating them better into the empire by introducing them to the society of Kings, Dukes, and other Royalty that makes up our larger empire.
Back to the Basics
Our administration draws from over 50 years of experience on the Dark Continent. Undefeated against impossible odds in the Weltkrieg, we understand that Africa is very different from Europe, and are aware of our limitations. This is our strength, not our weakness!
Reform the Schutztruppe
For too long our Schutztruppe has operated in military fashion despite not being part of the German military. Though they displayed outstanding bravery during the Weltkrieg, they are a police force, not an occupying army. It's time they acted like it.
An African Army
We should never forget that our Askari are trained to secure and defend Africa. To this end, we require light infantry capable of operating in the brush and jungle on low supply.
Honorary Officers
The core of our authority are the Askari, who obey without question, and the local authorities who can effectively administrate our territories. We should blend the two by adopting Kings and Chieftains as honorary officers in our armed forces.
The African Breadbasket
Much of Africa has little in the way of agricultural development, but what we do have is invested in cash crops suitable only for the tropics. The last Weltkrieg showed that Germany is vulnerable due to its lack of foodstuffs, and so by focusing on staples such as corn and rice, rather than tobacco and pepper, we can help ensure victory.
Cash Crops Exports
It is no secret that the quest for exotic goods has always been a driver of imperialism. Many tropical crops can grow in the Sub-Saharan environment, such as coffee and cocoa. We should focus on these rather than staples, importing food from Ukraine or East Prussia to make up for any imbalances.
Strategic Resources Export
In the event of war, Mittelafrika must serve to feed the great German war machine. Expanding our production of strategic resources will ensure we can outproduce our enemies and strengthen the Fatherland.
Rolling Stock Expansion
While the network of tracks spanning the dark continent has seen exponential growth since the advent of colonialism, it is the trains themselves that are slowly becoming obsolete. We shall rectify this by importing trains from Europe.
The Cape to Cairo Railway
It is time to finish what the British started; the Cape to Cairo Railroad will lead to massive economic growth across the continent. First, we must build up the infrastructure around Daressalam.
Attract Belgian Investment
The Belgians have been here long before us as a colonial power, and they've never really left. We have a comfortable and working relationship with numerous mining firms that have actually expanded beyond their original holdings in the Congo. If we continue this policy, we can reap the benefits of their capital.
Cottage Industries
It's strange to think, but even in the 20th century a great deal of work can be done by distributing work to the vast numbers of skilled Africans throughout the continent, many of them traditionally trained blacksmiths, in order to increase our production.
Our Own Shipyards
Our current policy of adapting and refitting outdated ships from the Kaiserliche Marine is both costly and ineffective. The ships we receive are too slow for modern vessels and are in frequent need of costly repairs. Instead of large, rusting cruisers, we should be focusing on state-of-the-art destroyers and U-Boats to keep our operating costs low.
East Asian Exports
We are only a part of Germany's vast colonial empire. We should make sure our trade doesn't only go to the metropole, but takes advantage of opportunities in the Orient.
Industrial Development
With our new budget in place, we are able to develop the industries of Mittelafrika.
Light Industrial Buildup
To recover from our economic problems, we must develop our civilian industry.
Continue Industrial Research
It is time to research and develop new industrial technology.
Belgian Resource Companies
By granting the Belgian conglomerates autonomy and security rights over remote stretches of the Congo, we can ensure a more disciplined workforce.
Lovanium University
The Belgians have set up a trade school in the capital of the Congo. Formally integrating it with our administration will foster technological growth.
Military Reforms
It is time to modernise our army for a new age of warfare.
Afrikanisches Fliegerkorps
It is time to establish our own dedicated air corps, separate from Germany's own air force.
African Ground Crews
We don't have enough white German personnel to fill our air force, so we must recruit Africans for the job.
Carrying the Fight Abroad
Our African air force is among the best-equipped in the world. We can afford to throw our weight behind some of the more agreeable parties in the ongoing conflicts around the world.
Bomber Aircraft
The development of bomber aircraft is of paramount importance for African warfare.
Expanding our Airfields
Our airfields are in terrible condition; we must improve them if we are to become an air power.
African Air Industry
It is time to develop our own homemade air force industry, so we are no longer reliant on hand-me-downs from Germany.
Pilot Endurance Training
Regular training for pilots will not be enough in Africa. The vast distances and extreme conditions require pilots of the highest calibre, able to operate effectively even during the longest missions. Training and preparation will be key.
Sturdy Trucks
In the rough terrain of Africa, our trucks must be as sturdy and resistant to damage as possible.
Modernise our Artillery
The Weltkrieg has shown artillery is an important part of warfare, and ours must be as good as any other.
Modern Support Divisions
We must modernise our support divisions; we cannot allow ourselves to be left behind by the world.
Modern Tactics
It is time to modernise our tactics for this new age of warfare; we cannot allow ourselves to be defeated by a lack of strategic power.
Improve our Logistics
During the Weltkrieg, we required over 200,000 porters to supply a force of only 18,000 soldiers. This drained our food supplies and reduced our mobility to the rate at which humans can carry artillery. We cannot allow this to happen again.
Electronic Intelligence Project
Mittelafrika is not suited for a large navy, our shores are too large to protect, and our industry would be better spent on other things. One such other thing is an investment in electronics technology, which will give us the ability to project power from Africa and help our Fatherland through intelligence gathering.
Light Infantry
Our troops must be used to marching over rough terrain and surviving the harshest of climates.
Establish the Air Mobile Infantry
Ludwig von Bockholt, who once captured an enemy ship from a zeppelin, has always been a daring innovator in air combat. His newest innovation: aerial deployment and resupply of full divisions.
White Man's Graveyard
Ours is an army prepared for jungle warfare on the tactical level, both in the equipment we've selected and our troops' familiarity with and resistance to tropical disease. While other armies fear the jungle, we welcome it.
The Königsberg Gunners
Aside from lake battles using improvised steamers, Africa saw little naval action during the Weltkrieg. Its largest battle was that of the Rufiji Delta, where the SMS Königsberg was severely damaged before being scuttled. Its crew, however, fought on overland, so it is no wonder that some of our naval officers possess expertise in naval infantry tactics.
Port Renovation
In the age of coal-fired navies, forward bases were key. An extensive network of port facilities allowed the Reich to project its power across the seas.\n\nThese days, ships no longer need to refuel every few hundred kilometres, so many of our port facilities have fallen by the wayside. It is time for some renovations.
Our Own Dockyards
With the proper investment, we can establish naval dockyards of our own, and contribute to any new naval arms race.
Acquire New Blueprints
By purchasing vessels from German shipyards, and purchasing antiquated vessels from the Kaiserliche Marine, we can stimulate the German economy and strengthen our own naval industry at the same time.
Naval Aerial Observation
To build on the strength of our geographic position, we should improve the observation and interdiction ability of naval aircraft. Conventional German naval aircraft are designed with the short ranges of the North Sea in mind, so we must develop facilities to modify planes for our needs.
Strategic Resources Reserve
In the last war, cut off from Germany, we had to improvise our own supplies. We found ways to manufacture torpedoes, artillery shells, dyes, liquors, and foodstuffs out of practically nothing. We should perpetuate this tradition and find ways to improvise the manufacture of goods if we are cut off from the Fatherland again.
Sailing With the Kaiserliche Marine
Our vessels should not simply patrol local waters. We should send them sailing from Kiel to Tsingtau on exercises with the Kaiserliche Marine.
Our Darkest Hour
Forced from our homeland and made to flee like rats from the Syndicalist Hordes, this is truly the darkest hour our nation has ever experienced. Let us rally those who remain loyal to our cause, the promise of reclaiming our lands as a rallying cry.
The Spirit of Resistance
Our Fatherland is lost. In this time of absolute crisis, we must place our faith in Kaiser and Country. Already the people are uniting around the Lion of Africa, Lettow-Vorbeck, and many are seeing the return of a Weltkrieg-style Burgfriedenspolitik truce in party politics.
The Afrikakorps
Our forces are now a motley mix of Exiles and Askari, currently far too disparate in terms of both professionalism and culture to work together successfully. We must seek to re-train and re-drill our surviving forces to serve as one unified force. Our survival depends upon it.
Museum Pieces
No longer can we let our old arms sit in glass cabinets to be ogled by gentlemen in their hunting lodges. Every musket and elephant gun we have must be thrust into the hands of those capable of bearing them. After all, they did help win us one Weltkrieg. They shall win us a second.
Our Only Way Home
Attempting to restore and replenish the Kaiserliche Marine would go a long way in helping us return to Berlin. This is our only goal and all other objectives must be cast aside in pursuit of it.
Walking Over Water
We must travel long and far to return to the Fatherland, and as such, we must plan and prepare accordingly. A determined effort to produce and requisition troop transports is an absolute must.
Old Enemies, New Allies
We have been defeated by the Syndicalist bastards, and yet the Entente still soldiers on. While it was obviously their failures in Europe that led to this mess in the first place, many say that we should put aside our differences and join with the Entente to reclaim our homeland, as unbearable as such a path may be.
Our Dominion
Ever since the continent's fate was decided at the Berlin Conference in 1884, we have held a certain affinity for it as part of our desire for a Place in the Sun. Now that we reside on the dark continent, we shall make sure our ties to the land are borne out in practice, at both a national and local level.
Crush France
While there is a cruel irony in that we and the French have both been exiled from Europe, it is the only affinity that we share. We should crush them, seize their holdings and adapt their industries to better forge the way for our homecoming. There can be no mercy.
Reclaim the Birthright
The time has come to take back what is rightfully ours. No longer shall we huddle on the dark continent stewing in our inglorious defeat. We shall show the godless Syndicalists the full fury of the Kaiser!
Just Good Business
Canada has been a useful ally in helping us to reclaim the homeland, and for this, they have our respect. However, this does not mean that they are no longer a threat to our Empire, and realpolitik comes before all other concerns. After all, it is only business.
Born after the absorption of French and Belgian colonies, the Colonial Federation of Mittelafrika spans a massive swath of land, composed of Cities, Chiefdoms, Kingdoms, Farmlands, Jungles, Savannahs, Deserts and more; for it covers half of the Dark Continent. A complex web weave of treaties, agreements and tacit understandings, the Colony, while stable, is remarkably unprofitable; something that the man in charge, Karl Ritter, and his men, wish to change, no matter the cost. But could that cost be too great for Mittelafrika to pay? And will the Kaiser allow Ritter to take such a risk?
GFX_MAF_intro
In the Heart of Africa
Born after the absorption of French and Belgian colonies, Mittelafrika is a massive swath of land, composed of cities, chiefdoms, kingdoms, farmlands, jungles, savannah, deserts and more; for it covers half of the Dark Continent. A complex web of treaties, agreements and tacit understandings, the colony, while stable, is remarkably unprofitable; a reality that the Colonial Office has reluctantly come to accept.\n\nThe current Governor, Karl Ritter, arrived in a Mittelafrika that had for many years been subject to the whims of the various military cliques that had formed in the aftermath of the 1919 and 1925 pacification campaigns, and while he initially hoped to break this status quo, he found that although he was legally in charge, the German army's tradition of 'independent action' did not make it particularly amenable to being told what to do. By 1936, he has largely abandoned these efforts, taking comfort in the fact that at least in Africa, things rarely change... or do they?
§MRKA (Hardliner) - Karl Ritter§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Kenyatta Affair, have the administration be found not liable by throwing everything at them.\n£white_dot A year and a half later, in the Black Dossier event, conduct a formal investigation.\n£white_dot In the corruption investigation event, quash the investigation.\n£white_dot When a warrant is issued for Ritter's arrest, choose \
Founded in the early 20th century, the Deutsche Kaiserliche Abessinien Eisenbahn (DKAEB) is a holding company that oversees the railway between Addis Ababa in Ethiopia and Djibouti. After a series of German-backed expansions, the line is now used to transport ore from the Congo Basin to Djibouti. The current economic downturn means that ore is not being bought at the same rate as before, resulting in fewer transports for the DKAEB.\n\n
