Fundraising for National Unification
In order to embark on a grand campaign, it is necessary to have an ample supply of arms, munitions, manpower, materiel and finances. Without any of these, the campaign is simply doomed to failure. You cannot win a war on hopes and dreams alone, after all. However, raising such a massive stockpile is a costly endeavour, yet it ultimately is immensely beneficial in the short term. For all of our handshakes, requisitions, agreements, and deals have provided the government with a surplus in anything it could possibly need. It must merely be hoped that the price to pay in the future will not be too costly.
The Third Constitutional Protection Movement
The First Constitutional Protection Movement arose in the air of Yuan Shikai's death after the successful National Protection War. With the Southern National Protection heroes setting the groundwork to establish their own National Protection Government, their efforts would ultimately be the precursor to the Constitutional Protection Government established in 1917 by Dr. Sun Yat-sen in Guangzhou. Inviting the original members of the assembly (which had now been disbanded by Duan Qirui), Sun, Lu Rongting, Tang Jiyao, Hu Hanmin, Wu Tingfang, Chen Jiongming, Cen Chunxuan, Li Liejun and many others would establish the Constitutional Protection Government. Ultimately, it would result in Sun's deposition, and failed Anhui led North-South peace talks.\n\nThe Second Constitutional Protection Movement arose in opposition to further Zhili led North-South peace talks, and through ensuing conflicts in Yunnan and Liangguang would result in Sun's re-election as Generalissimo, and subsequently the split between Sun and Chen Jiongming over Unification by Subjugation or Negotiation. Whilst Sun rebuked the path of negotiation, the folly of the Northern Expedition proves that the South must bide their time, and once again engage in North-South peace talks.\n\n$UPC_the_third_constitutional_protection_movement_idea_tt$
Directorate of Rehabilitation
The Directorate of Rehabilitation is a new government office established with the intentions of dealing with matters concerning the coordination of the recently occupied territories. Under its jurisdiction is the maintenance of martial law, integration of provincial and county administrations and national reconstruction. Staffed by various departments under a director-general, and two associate directors, the Directorate functions similar to a ministry within the government, and is ultimately envisioned as a temporary institution for however long \
A Modified Tutelage
Under the lasting impression of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, the Kuomintang was forever to be a National Revolutionary movement. It was to follow the National Three Stage Revolution as he prescribed it: military unification, Tutelage, and Constitutional Rule. And alas, it would appear that the Federalist movement has breached the gap, preferring not to implement the state of Dangguo. Whilst the orthodox and the hardline would decry this as setting up the nation for failure, or even a corrupt democracy built upon the shackles of Beiyang's legacy, those pragmatic and moderate enough have adapted.\n\nThe Kuomintang have always been the Party of China's National Revolution, whatever form it takes, and whilst Tutelage as prescribed will perhaps not see the light of day, it is still the task of the Kuomintang to enlighten the people, to train them on their Four Basic Rights, and to cultivate a Chinese democracy to last the test of time.
Second Party of the Republic
Long has the China Democratic League held true to the testament and practice of civic democracy. Unyielding in this belief, the precursor parties of the CDL stood with the nation at its first precepts of democratic practice, and time, and time again, they stood as the vanguard to defend the nation's virtues and values. To cultivate the citizenry onto the path of exercising their rights to election. And with the hoisting of the flag of the Federalist movement under the Grand Republican Alliance, the CDL has been at their side ever since the start of the journey.\n\nThe Grand Republican Alliance may have initiated and founded the new republic, but it is under the good graces and auspices of the China Democratic League that Chinese democracy is protected. There is no greater deserving entity to be the Second Party of the Republic.
Stabilising Electoral Politics
Unbelievably, at least according to precedent, it would appear that Chinese democracy is here to last. Under the initiative of the Grand Republican Alliance, the Southern Federalists managed to impose upon the nation a true democracy. Enwrapped with their Federalist nature, they oversaw the construction of electoral infrastructure, the unification of the nation, and ultimately the peaceful transfer of power to another party.\n\nWith the fulfilment of a slew of their policies despite losing the incumbency, the Grand Republican Alliance has seen a true stabilisation and normalisation of parliamentarian democracy within the Republic. In stark contrast to the Beiyang Republic, it is not military strongmen that rule China's electoral politics any more, but civil politicians.
The Anti-Partisan Ideal
Domineering personalities tore apart the Beiyang Republic, and the dynasty before it. Under the auspices of egoism, ideological adherence, and blind obedience, the nation's first attempt at democracy saw further revolutions and multiple civil wars, concluding with a perpetuation of the Warlord Era. Ideology may provide the people with the basis for action, but the individual must retain within themselves the capacity for their own thoughts. Both as leading politicians, or as a participant in electoral politics.\n\nWhilst opponents on the radical wings may decry the \
The Liangist Dream
Liang Qichao understood when it was time to call for revolution, and when it was time for peace. When the Qing government refused to adopt Kang Youwei's reforms, Liang was forced into an alliance of necessity with Sun Yat-sen's revolutionary forces in order to fight for a better China. However, Liang put down the scythe of rebellion after 1912 to work in the Beijing Government for real change. Unlike the Party state cultists, we continue the charge for a strong, democratic China. We stubbornly reject the calls of tyrants and champion the defence of liberty!
$UPC_the_liangist_dream_GXC_idea$
Liang Qichao was at the forefront of reformism in Chinese politics for decades. The Sunnists of Guangzhou gave Liang no recourse and continued to attempt to plunge China into an age of anarchy. Constantly reconsidering his ideas, Liang came to the realisation that the ideal to work towards laid in reformist socialism of the fabian ideal, not the Bolshevik infested drivel of the Kuomintang. With a long-awaited peace finally secured, we can turn Liang's vision into reality.
The Executive Camarilla
There is no greater safeguard for democracy than that of the rule of the meritocratic elite, and it is of those elite that form the inner circle around the President. Until the Chinese nation stabilises itself against warlords, revolutionaries, and all those that appeal to destroy its nascent democracy, the President and his Camarilla shall remain poised for action. Safeguards of democracy within the Loaded Gun Republic, at any and all signs of danger shall the President's loyalists strike. Pre-emptive or not, it is under their initiative that China shall be stewarded into the correct brighter future.
Regionalism Enshrined
Federalism is only built upon the contributing provinces of the national whole, that is in the sense at the very core of the movement. It is the firm belief of Zhang Taiyan, the father of Chinese Federalism, that the nation take the form more akin to a Confederation, wherein regions can exercise true autonomy. It is intrinsic to democracy and Federalism that the nation grant proper power to its provinces, and under the Regionalist Caucus, the role of the Province has been enshrined culturally within the Republic. It is uniquely a Chinese destiny to reject the notion of the nation-state, substituting that of National Confederation.
The Plebiscitarian Revolution by the Ballot
Zeng Qi had dreams of calling for a violent revolution against the warlords and Kuomintang to establish a national statist republic and deliver the Chinese people to their deserved era of restitution, but our dreams were tempered by the winds of fate. The YCP's future lies not in the strength of arms, but the strength of electoralism. With every day, we strike at the hearts and minds of our youth, and every day the masses continue to reward the our noble party. Zeng set out to forge a new China in blood and iron, but it is Zuo who will finish his dream with the might of a pen!
Education for the Masses
As is the manifesto of the West's religion, the Republic, they are all influenced by the same threefold ideal. The overthrow of ancient social classes, the rejection of autocratic government, the universal equality of all men before the law, the guarantee of a four-fold freedom of conscience, of thought, of speech, and of press, which has formed the bulwark of revolution, the achievement of universal education, the liberation of women, the feminist movement, the realisation of political rights for women.\n\nAll of these great achievements can only be pursued on the breadth of education for the national masses. If China is to stand on the international stage as an equal, or even superior, than that of its contemporaries, it cannot languish in illiteracy. When the average peasant cannot read, how is it expected of him to practice his civic duty in electoral recall? Come what may, let us educate the people.
The Anti-Opium Campaign
Whilst local efforts in Guangdong under the Grand Republican Alliance acolytes there have seen a remarkable improvement in the situation, opium smoking and smuggling still remains a dire issue nationwide. Especially in provinces with far more lax control, or otherwise morality, the nation has had to come to terms with the influx and continued presence of the vile substance in daily life. Utilising the International Anti-Opium Society, mass burning of stockpiles, and forced confiscation, it is hoped that the government will be able to sufficiently vanquish the ill into the dustbin of history.
Union Dissent
Perhaps an unpopular measure, the various socialist organisations (legal and otherwise) have begun various sporadic attempts at strike action in response to the Government's mandating of de-politicisation of the union movement. As before, the Government has seen fit to negotiate with the unions, with ringing calls for compromise, mutual aid, and mutual understanding to achieve progress. Through increased worker conditions, wages, and welfare, the Government shall trade the stick for the carrot, and all that is expected in return is a tangible apolitical-nature of the unions, no matter how hard the Syndicalists may decry it.
Primacy of the Executive State
Autocracy may read as the antithesis to democracy, but that is only the truth if the individuals with all power cemented in them are not of the Good People. Enlightened Dictatorship, when utilised to its fullest, may in-fact perform better than elementary democracy in the short-term. And translated onto the state level, it is only the executive that can act in moments of crisis to prevent disunity. The Warlord Era has been naught but disaster, with regionalism rife and abundant, and provincial governments disobeying the Capital.\n\nRetaining Federalism as the primary ideology, the Constitutionalists have nonetheless pressured the Central Government into a more hands-on approach in the balance between Province and Nation. The executive must retain an influence in the life of every province, so as to prevent warlordism from manifesting once more.
The Anti-Vice Campaign
Long the desire of the Grand Republican League since it's infancy in the minds of Chen Jiongming's Public Interest Party, Xiong Kewu's Gang of Nine, Tang Jiyao's People's Government Party, or Zhao Hengti's People's Renewal Society, has been the concept of opium eradication. A vice most strongly felt in the frontier provinces of which boost the core of the Old Federalist movement, Opium was naught but a plague that had ridden China's land and used to abuse its people!\n\nBut the Government must tread further, it most proceed onto a full eradication of vice. Social ills — opium, banditry, gambling, and civil war — must all be dealt with in-shorthand. With unification of the nation and bandit campaigns underway, all that remains is the elimination of opium, gambling, corruption, prostitution, and all other form of ailment.
A Legacy of Thousands of Years
Ever since the Great Han, China has been host to an elite class of Scholar-Officials of whom all of Chinese society relied heavily upon. To guide the nation forward, to perform day-to-day bureaucratic duties, their merit was verified through the passing of the imperial examinations, and whilst their spotlight has faded with the abolishment of the imperial exam, their presence is still strongly felt. There is a strong bureaucratic tradition within the nation, one of efficiency and healthy morality, and many still carry that creed. No bureaucracy or administration shall be more efficient than that of the new Republic's!
The Rural Education Campaign
It is the prerogative of the Government to ensure the well-being of their citizens, and yet the average Chinese peasant laments under their unjust illiteracy. Not only does it cripple the nation and the citizen's personal livelihood, it simply eradicates all possibilities of a healthy, functional, and stable democracy. Whilst the Government would normally see to it that there be a gradual increase in literacy amongst the nation, it is under pressure from the regionalist caucus that the rural populations — their main support base — see the vital enlightenment that a modern education can provide.
The All Representative Governmental Organ
In a nation as vast as China's, federal organisational principles are the only way to forge the correct mix of localism and central authority. Establishing local government which synthesises corporatism and federalism will foster the national rejuvenation of the Chinese Republic, and lead us into an epoch of freedom and prosperity!
The Road to Unification
The Chinese state of affairs can last no longer! If the Central Government ceases to act in good faith and under reliable, stable, terms then it must be thrust unto the Southern seats of power once more to lead national unification efforts. The world is awry, and China cannot continue to suffer or dwell within her misfortune. As the clouds gather, the nation and constitution must be protected once again.
The March to War
Unification by Negotiation has proven to be a sullied attempt of idealism and peace apparatchiks who sincerely cannot back up their words with any reasonable display of force. Duan Qirui once tried to unify the nation through force and he fell just short of doing so. The Zhili attempted to emulate him, were vanquished, able to return, and successfully united the nation through fire and war. Now it is time for the South to seal the deal.
Balancing Freedom and Authority
The Democratic Socialist Party consistently views both authority and freedom as indispensable components to the nation, and as such both are operating in separate sphere of activity for the government. In administrative matters the government should have enough authority to ensure efficiency, whilst maintaining decisive action. [ROOT.GetLeader] may not necessarily agree with such sentiment, but the progressive support is useful.
A Warchest for National Unification
War is an expensive endeavour, one financed commonly through taxation, forced requisition, or loans from foreign powers. Raising a sizeable stockpile of both currency and materiel is similarly bound to be a tenuous endeavour. However, unification must be brought to term no matter what the cost may entail. Future partners be damned, China cannot wait any longer.
The Path of Negotiation
It would be foolish to thrust the provincial administration into another costly war, raising thunder and bloodshed across the country in a vain effort for self-important unification. True statesmanship is born from compromise and discussion, not swift bullet and cold steel. [ROOT.GetLeader] cannot admit to being a great Chinese statesmen if they did not at least exert other options, before resorting to the sword.
Leverage Through Solidarity
The North may in of itself not be a particularly united entity, but on an individual basis any Northern polity has proven itself swift to band together in order to prevent Southern domination. Through careful diplomacy and cultivation of necessary relationships, the South will once again band into a broad coalition of unity, making it impossible to conquer by force. Naturally, the North must come to the negotiating table as a result.
A Model for All to See
Model Provinces are a common phrase of term all throughout the nation, most evidently with its implementation within Shanxi or Hunan. If any southern government is to build a sense of legitimacy to rival the North, they must prove themselves capable of ruling an administration efficiently, and in good order. Through such efforts a sense of national duty and servitude is sure to be constructed.
A New Directorate of Rehabilitation
Originally established by Chen Jiongming upon his return to Canton in the early 1920s, the Directorate of Rehabilitation was to deal with all matters concerning national unification. Intending to invite Tang Shaoyi to serve as Director-General alongside a coalition of Southern Provinces, it was ultimately a failed endeavour. Under its second iteration, it shall instead focus on coordinating occupied territories.
Fight for the Interior
All of the nation must be united, and as such the humble Chinese interior must be brought unto the fold. In of itself a land of disunity, and largely dominated by Sichuan and its disparate cliques, the interior could prove to be the future staging ground for an advance emergency government should the coastal regions fall to foreign invasion. Similarly, its incorporation will prevent a potential backstab on the march North.
Topple Beiyang
The Beiyang Government has done nothing from its establishment in 1912 but prove its own folly. Decades of political carousels have granted it very little stability or legitimacy in the eyes of the public. Split between endeavouring Northern warlord cliques, it ultimately has lost itself in a miasma of greed and politics. Just as Beiyang stomped out all hopes of a new China, we must eradicate all essence of the old Beiyang.
[UPC_smash_the_league_scripted_loc]
The Southern Capital and the eye in the jewel of Sun Yat-sen, Nanjing resides firmly within the territory of the League and its coastal provincial outline. If any Southern government is to prevent the domination by Northern politicians and warlords that Beijing would beget, it is absolutely necessary to secure the Eastern provinces. Home to much of China's wealth, [ROOT.GetLeader] will put it to better use.
Despoil the Party State
Smash the League
Take on Fengtian
Holed up in the Three Northeastern Provinces of the nation, Manchuria has largely managed to avoid much of the scathing bloodshed of the Warlord Era. Of course, not necessarily unscathed entirely, the Northeasterners have rarely left their home base in full force, even in bids to rule over the Beiyang government. With the Central Government vanquished, only Shenyang remains in the way of unification.
Affairs of the Ruling Coalition
Under the institution of the new Federal Republic, it is intended by design, at least to preserve democratic integrity under a parliamentarian assembly, that no party can achieve a true total majority within the Assembly without genuine majority support. As such, any expected coalition partners acquired to ensure a majority will expect their own tithe, so-to-speak. Fulfilling their policies is sure to buy their support for our own agenda.
KMT: Adapt the Three Principles
It is true that the Kuomintang is, and remains, a revolutionary party. Born in the fires of revolution, and reconstructed there-afterwards as the failure of the parliamentarian endeavour of Song Jiaoren reared its head in reprisals after the Second Revolution. But a true revolution must know when it is time to adapt. And those hardliners that refuse to participate in the new democracy? They must be left behind.
KMT: On the Path to Minsheng
A crucial part of the Kuomintang's party programme is that of the core principle of Minsheng, or People's Welfare. And such welfare cannot be provided to the masses if the current land situation is to remain as it is. The peasants toil yet they do not prosper, nor receive due recompense, and in-fact, are shackled to their landlords. Whilst the parliamentarian system may restrict a more radical solution to the issue, one can still push things in the right direction.
KMT: A Nation of Revolution
Very rarely has Liang and Kang's path reform brought genuine improvement to the Chinese nation. The Hundred Days Reform; sundered by royalists. The Xinhai Revolution; demolished by autocrats. The Research Clique's Party-State; but a masquerade for Duan Qirui's Anfu Club. Yet it's greatest successes, the National Protection War, Xinhai Revolution, they were brought forward through the sacrifice of its martyrs, and the fire of revolution. It is imperative to reinforce such a notion.
KMT: Legalise the Sister Parties
Such a misfortune it is that the Kuomintang may be legalised, yet its sister revolutionary parties are cast to the wayside. The representatives of the workers and peasants cannot work productively towards the betterment of the Chinese masses when they are derided as \
KMT: Dr. Sun's Legacy
Dr. Sun Yat-sen's relationship with the Federalist movement has been...fractured, to say the least. Of course, once upon a time the movements were united, harmonious in their joint mission to tear down the rotten structure of the old national order, and bring forward a new future. Alas, they grew apart. Both the Federalists and the Kuomintang have their explanations for such, but one thing is for certain. Dr. Sun Yat-sen the Revolutionary; the nation would not be here without him.
KMT: National Reconstruction Plan
The Grand Economic Policy Plan of the party is that of the Nation's Reconstruction. To be completed in the Third Stage of the National Revolution, alongside the ending of Tutelage and Promulgation of People's Democracy, it is evidently clear that whilst political goals may not be achievable in the pure intent desired by the Guofu, economic goals still prove applicable. Only through internal autarky and a period of reconciliation may we prosper in the new era.
KMT: Intertwine Ideology and Education
The students of the Chinese nation have long spurred on tremendous and momentous change through sheer force of intellectual inertia and resolute conviction. There can be no new China without the strength of its youth, and it is through this strength that they equally pose a danger. The allure of radical movements that would seek the destruction of the nascent Chinese democracy must be squashed at the bud, and ideological education is but the panacea for such an issue.
KMT: Empowering the People's Commune
Without the Chinese peasant and worker, there would've been no long-standing revolutionary force within the nation. The party and people can only owe their liberation and continued prosperity to such brave fighters of the revolutionary struggle; the flag bearers, the commune builders. Autonomous and self-sufficient, they are an example to behold across the nation, and should serve an organisational purpose within the Federal system.
KMT: A Modified Tutelage
Whilst not as the Guofu desired it as written in Sanminzhuyi, the National Revolution has nonetheless achieved some of its aims, and the people shall forever rejoice for the role the Kuomintang took in the new democratic republic. Perhaps not Dangguo, but a modified form of it, with the Kuomintang forever serving as guardians and protector's of the masses and their interests, against all perfidious bourgeoisie that would seek to harm them.
KMT: NOT IN COALITION
The Kuomintang is not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
CDL: A Progressive Alliance
While certain parties stand tall within the China Democratic League, our coalition demands the contribution of all Progressive parties in order to enact rational and democratic reform in the new republic. Together, we fight for a better tomorrow, a revival of the Chinese Republic!
CDL: Relief for the Workers and Peasants
During the Warlord Era, War of Resistance, and Chinese Civil War, those who were most harmed were undoubtedly the workers and peasants of China. It is to them that much needed aid and relief must be directed towards, for a happy populace means a stable government.
CDL: Balancing Traditionalism and Modernity
While the West has much to teach us on modernity, ethics, and economic development, we must be careful to balance this with our own values and principles. We must reinvest in China's traditional practices whilst continuing to study the practices of the West. We strive for a middle ground!
CDL: Politicising the Unions
In order to foster much needed progress in Chinese society and the economy, we must look to Unionism as the method of indoctrinating the working class. While the peasantry will forever remain a bastion of conservatism, the urban worker is an ideal audience for the ideas of socialism and social democracy.
CDL: Government by Society's Best
While the CDL is founded on the principles of liberty, democracy, and freedom, we must not forget that the masses of China remain an illiterate bunch without the common sense of right and wrong. As in the days of old, it is the Scholarly-Gentry and bourgeois gentleman class which must continue to rule the nation.
CDL: Foundations for a Welfare State
While warlordism has proven to be the biggest plague to the republic, insurrectionary socialism is a close second. In order to kneecap the social revolution, the workers and peasants must be given proper safety nets and dignity in their labour. Without the support of the masses, the KMT and CSP will surely collapse.
CDL: Education for the Masses
Like a father to his children, the gentry and scholarly classes wish nothing but the best for the Chinese people, including their education. Once the people learn about modernity as well as their tradition, they will come to understand the platform of the CDL. Enlightening the masses will restore China's status in the world!
CDL: Civilian Dominance Over the Army
During our age of shame of the Warlord Era, petty militarists and ambitious generals fought each other for control. Such chaos must be prevented from happening again, and the military must be put under the careful supervision of the Federal Government. A modern republic requires civilian control of the army.
CDL: Second Party of the Republic
When the Grand Republican Alliance embarked upon their movement to unite the country under the Federalist mold, it was the precursors of the China Democratic League that stood with them. Through the consent of the people and the righteousness of our cause, our party shall continue fighting for the people and their well-deserved restitution of dignity.
CDL: NOT IN COALITION
The China Democratic League is not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
GRA: A Call to Republican Unity
Spearheading the nation towards a democratic future, the democratic process has taken its course. And it is the integral nature of all political participants in the new Chinese Federal Republic to protect its nascent democracy. The Republicans cannot squabble between themselves, lest violence emerge between brethren, and it is the GRA that shall steward unity.
GRA: Buying out Foreign Businesses
Ever a contestable sin within the Zhili and Fengtian's own ranks, the acquisition of various business interests, or at least stakeholder-ship, by colonial entities has wrought nothing but dire conditions for the nation's workers. Whilst it is true that investment and capital flooded into Chinese factories, it came at a horrific cost, and must be reversed.
GRA: Attacking the Opium Trade
There is no greater evil within the Chinese nation than that of the insidious poison that floods its canals and sprouts within its fields. It is rife amongst the country, cultivated by warlords and petty bandits alike, peddled by miscreants, and all of the profits sink into the pockets of the most vile scum of the nation. Such a state of affairs cannot stand.
GRA: Implement Demobilisation
The Beiyang Republic showed the folly of military strongmen dominating the political sphere of the nation. Combining their strength of the gun with their strength of the law, they sowed nothing but failure, corruption, and terrible malaise amongst the first Chinese democratic experiment. By depriving them of their force, we can ensure the stability of the republic.
GRA: Compromise Across the Isle
No single personality may dominate our republic, we are civil servants of the people's will, not self-serving and domineering personalities intent on satisfaction. We must be a nation of compromise, and of mutual understanding, one of continued cooperation of all upstanding parties, from Young China to the China Democratic League constituents.
[ROOT.GetLeader] Complies
GRA: Defanging Zealous Unions
The Union movement is a powerful beast, and it has certainly forced both positive and negative action, but it has become too corrupted by perfidious leftist influences, to the point wherein they take the apolitical union organisation ideal, and politicise them. The unions must work with the state, not against it.
GRA: Instilling the Spirit of Democracy
China's democracy is precious, and without proper cultivation of the people's four basic rights alongside their education, that very spirit, the earnest sense of democratic participation, could be lost. The Chinese people must learn to be vigorous with their participation in the new system, and to defend it from warlords and revolutionaries alike.
GRA: Fight Against Political Entrenchment
We cannot allow complacency or rot to root itself within the nation's infant electoral systems, for that infringes on the very rights of a free and fair democracy. Political machines and Dangguo merely lead to latent authoritarianism, and a failing nation. We must work to combat corruption wherever it may root itself, and stay forever vigilant against injustices enacted by parties.
GRA: Stabilising Electoral Politics
Whilst certainly not a guaranteed assurance, the Grand Republican Alliance has nonetheless secured the stability of China's chaotic political battleground for a centrist, and moderate, future. Only parties willing to participate fairly, with genuine intent, and a sense of duty may see election, and the GRA shall be eternal safeguards of China's democracy.
GRA: NOT IN COALITION
The Grand Republican Alliance is not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
REP: Electoral Reform
Perhaps too hasty in their short-sighted yearning for a democratic future, the progenitors of the new Chinese electoral system have let it run amok with gerrymandering and unequal electoral districts. This has resulted in an absolutely untenable situation wherein the nation is dominated by an assortment of parties, and not the plurality. By drafting new districts, let us resolve this blight.
REP: Repealing Oppressive Taxes
A leftover of administration's long past, China's tax system is largely arbitrary, and at odds with itself. Smothering business in the cradle, it has led to the amassment of large conglomerates of businesses under various pre-established clans, as opposed to the true flourishing of free entrepreneurship. Streamlining and repealing various taxes should allow ingenuity to flourish.
REP: Lessons from the West
Western civilisation recognises the true importance of material enjoyment; it strives for new developments and advancements — to increase wealth, production, manufacturing, and research capabilities. It is the fundamental spirit of the West to be that of the search for \
REP: Equality of the Sexes
Our traditional Chinese culture, endowed with the virtues of Confucius, has foreseen a greatly unequal society — electoral suffrage or not, the Chinese woman hardly experiences the same opportunities as that of their male counterparts. Democracy is a long-term gain, and the Chinese state can hardly ensure it flourishes without true equality of all of its peoples.
REP: Pragmatic Reconstruction
Clinging to the reified traditions of the Confucian past had led to generations of submissive Scholar-Gentry, utterly incapable of adapting towards change. Under \
REP: New Religion of Science
Recently within the world order there has been the shaping of a \
REP: The Struggle for Liberty
Hu Shih has warned that an international-scale ideological struggle has increasingly begun to emerge, shaping and carving the world to its whims and desires. The fundamental difference was not socialism or National-Narodism, but between dictatorial totalitarianism and democratic systems; democracy versus tyranny. China must guide the world towards a free future!
REP: Rejecting Militarism
A nation dominated by its military cannot prove itself to be a truly democratic one; it is not a republic, but a mere veneer for stratocracy. The Beiyang Republic had proved that without the proper vanguard mindset against the sheer edge of militarism, a whole nation's idealistic dream can collapse. The military has a place, but militarism shall not find its footing in the new China.
REP: A Republic Without Partisanship
Politicians cannot be self-serving, they must all exhibit a form of \
REP: NOT IN COALITION
The Independent Republican Caucus are not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Primacy of the Constitution
The Chinese Constitution must be a sacred document. It must be revered. All governments must be held utterly accountable by such a document, for if they do not adhere to the written rules, they are no greater than bandits. The warlords and Party-State aficionado would see to it that all of the hard work of democracy's fighters dissipate, and we must enshrine the constitution to prevent this.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Adopting State Socialism
The Masses are sorely in need of alms to soothe their troubles, and it is only natural that they turn towards those most \
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Preservation of Confucian Morality
Revolutionaries and Dishonest Warlords have run amok, destroying the traditional, Confucian conception of the government. Morality is the centre of any solid government, and this republic must continue to adhere to this principle as well. Confucianism, integrated with Western Principles, will ensure both modernity and harmony within the Chinese Republic.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Cultivating the Overseas Relationship
During the Century of Humiliation, many Chinese left their ancestral homeland to lands unknown to seek a better life. However, they never forgot their true home, and neither have we. Overseas Chinese have proven to be generous funders of moral parties, and we must extend our hand to them as well.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Rule of the Executive
Long desired by the Liangist political clique is that of the primacy of the executive. A strong executive power, with a more centralised government, is perhaps the antithesis to the Federal model, and yet, it is integral to Chinese Democracy's survival. The arrogance and power of provincial warlords had crucially weakened the state, and only a strong executive can remedy this.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Initiating Rural Reconstruction
One of the nation's most arduous issues is that of poverty, but not inequality. The Socialists desire the nationalisation of property, yet that is not the antidote to China's glaring problems. For too long has the establishment and present statesmen abused the rural masses, and for too long have they languished. Through concerted effort, we must emancipate the peasant from their chains.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Ensuring Good People's Government
It is imperative that the government is constitutional, public, and coordinated. And it is only through the \
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Institute the Interventionist State
The Xinhai Revolution should merely have been a stepping stone onwards to a \
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: Realising Liang's Dream
For as long as Liang Qichao engaged in politics, he had constantly bitterly fought for constitutional democracy. A student of Kang Youwei, he distinguished himself from Sun Yat-sen's worship of violence through genuine reformist ideals. He died before his work could be finished, but this Federal Republic is what he longed for.
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour]: NOT IN COALITION
The [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long] is not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
STA: Enshrine the Role of the Military
China's democracy owes a lot to its military, for without the brave sacrifices of its soldiers, it could hardly have bested the warlords and revolutionaries that stood opposed to their hopes and dreams. It is on this very condition that the military must see an integral role in Chinese democracy, they are the safeguards against tyranny, and the defenders of democracy.
STA: Eliminating the National Vice
Too many excesses are created in some frivolous pursuit of individualism within the country. Liberty is important, of course, but at what cost? Opium, and gambling? Too of the nation's greatest sins! Of course, bans are already present in various provinces, but this is not enough. Through a thorough government campaign, we can exorcise the nation from this evil.
STA: Modernising Traditional Education
Whilst education in modern facilities are on equal terms, or at least, akin to their western counterparts, various regions of the nation still participate in the traditional education system. Ceasing to pursue said education past a certain level, instead pursuing trades, it has put a great damper on China's intellectual capability. Within even Qinghai, there must be an intellectual cornucopia.
STA: Increasing the Military Budget
For too long have various members of previous administrations, sometimes even allies, proven victorious in their crusade against perceived \
STA: Expanding Federal Authority
Various idealists — Zhang Taiyan, Zhang Shizhao, Zhao Hengti — would see the Federal republic retain considerable autonomy within the provinces, of course, as conditions of their end-state for the Federal project. But great thinkers, such as Liang Qichao, or Tang Jiyao, foresaw the folly of these methods — existential warlordism. The Central Government must have authority within the provinces.
STA: Regulating Society's Parasites
Compradors of foreign acquaintances, those whom exact a futile revolutionary guerilla campaign, and those that roam the country as bandits, they are all merely parasites feeding upon the service of Good People. The whole nation must contribute to the greater whole, for if the people themselves are corrupt layabouts, the nation is doomed to fail.
STA: Pursuit of Social Harmony
The nation must work like a machine, it must be efficient, and the population must be fully devoted. For too long have the people lost themselves, engaged in the alluring distaste of socialism, or the sweet lies of warlords too self-serving to fully satiate their needs. Freedom and democracy can only be pursued by a harmonious social order: morally educated citizenry led by an enlightened elite.
STA: Might of the Bureaucracy
Once infamous for its bureaucracy and incompetence intertwined with its administrative structure, few have seen the true unleashed strength of China's competent technocrats and bureaucrats. Administered under focused government effort, and with corruption having no part to play, the new Chinese state shall retain stricter discipline, and strong collective action.
STA: Loaded Gun Republic
Our opponents would decry that Chinese democracy is no democracy at all! That it is merely falling into the pitfall of Beiyang, dominated by military men and their cliques. But they would be wrong, the army does not act in its own interest, only in that of the nation's Federal Democracy. As long as the army remains vigilant, democracy is protected.
STA: NOT IN COALITION
The Statist Caucus are not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
REG: Lowering Electoral Threshold
The mainstream politicians have foresaw a system dominated by their mass parties, refusing to tolerate a true parliamentary democracy; the Independents agree with this notion. Under the auspices of the GRA and CDL, only those parties with enough power and sway can achieve victory, and yet this denies provincial problems their true suitors. Let us remedy such a situation.
REG: Pacifying Hinterland Banditry
The Central Government spares no expense in eradicating banditry within the interior, around their important and integral electoral arenas. But what of the frontier? What of the borders? Bandits are able to cross between hinterland provinces with nary a scratch! Such injustice cannot stand, and must see immediate Central Government action.
REG: Prioritisation of Rural Education
Insofar as the mainstream are concerned, villages and their ilk see little to no funding in comparison to urban centres such as Shanghai, or Beijing, or Guangzhou. They would see the rural peasant languish if only to further fund the urbanite, and yet it is the rural village that forms the bedrock of Chinese civilisation, and for this education must be a priority.
REG: \
Hastily drawn and relying on pre-existing structures, the electoral boundaries of the Federal Republic largely fall into the pitfalls of the Beiyang Republic. Relying too much on rotten boroughs and gerrymandering, they have stalled true democracy from occurring, and neglecting the needs of regional constituents. By redrawing them, with some leeway naturally, we can ensure a Federal future.
REG: Dissuading Political Centralisation
Under ideal circumstances, the Central Government would likely prefer absolute overreach in regards to provincial matters. Whilst perhaps \
REG: Equalisation of Provinces
As it currently stands, the larger the industry and population of a province, and of course, the more \
REG: Protecting Minority Rights
China is not merely a nation of the Five Races, this would be disingenuous and a mistreatment of its colourful ethnic diversity within the nation. And for too long have the various minority groups been overshadowed by various warlords and regimes. With only a few local heroes, it is time for the Central Government to step in to protect their rights and culture.
REG: Cutting Political Frivolities
Bloated salaries and futile excessive expenditures were considered to be ghosts of the past, left with the rotten structure of the Beiyang Republic, and yet now more than before are they evident in their blatant misappropriation of government funds. Extravagant waste on political campaigns deprives the nation of much needed funds elsewhere, and it is crucial that they be halted.
REG: Many Shades of the Begonia
It is believed that the Begonia begets good luck, fortune, and prosperity. It is also true that they signify peace, and harmony. And all of these qualities are undeniably evident within the new Chinese Federal Republic. A nation of many creeds, of many colours, all united under the auspicious cloud! For there are many peoples that make up the Chinese nation state, and all shall have their voices heard!
REG: NOT IN COALITION
The Regionalist Caucus are not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
YCP: A Republic Guided by National Statism
Freedom and democracy have been championed by many in the West as the core component of their country's values, but that is not what guides us. The soul of the Republic lies within our Guojiazhuyi, the great Chinese nationality composed of all ethnicities within our borders, and no other power shall rip us apart again.
YCP: Boycotting the Western Vultures
Free trade was the course dictated by the British Empire during their century of exaltation, and forced upon our Nation during our Century of Humiliation. We know better than to fall for such tricks again, for our protectionist economy will help industrialise our nation, yet another step towards modernity.
YCP: Correcting the Mistakes of November
Whilst November Fourth should be lauded for fostering Chinese nationalism in our Republic's youth, its anti-Confucian slant is a grave mistake. To reach for the stars, we must not forget our national soul. From here on out, we celebrate only November's nationalistic struggle, and forget its unsavoury aspects.
YCP: Establishing Representative Organs
To foster a truly representative government, the principles of federalism must continue to guide our Republic. Local government based on the people's will working in conjunction with a central government based on a national will will undoubtedly promote much-needed local and provincial construction.
YCP: Towards Electoral Corporatism
While the West has a great deal to teach us about industrialisation and prosperity, the concept of region-based electoralism is fundamentally incompatible with the construction of a strong Chinese state. Establishing corporatist elections would help restore order to our ailing economy, solve social problems, and eradicate class struggle.
YCP: An Economy Shackled to the State
Within China, free market capitalism has seen nothing but the siphoning of wealth and resources from the nation towards foreign pockets, and local compradors. Petty bourgeoisie, capitalists, and merchants have misappropriated the sacrifices of the nation for their own personal benefit. Only under state directive may the economy truly flourish.
YCP: Education by the Gentry-Scholar Class
During the golden age of the Chinese nation, the Emperor was guided by the invaluable wisdom of his Confucian scholars, whose knowledge and righteous morality helped steer our nation towards paradise. It is only right for our modern gentry-scholar class to lead the charge to modernity once again, and reinvigorate the Republic!
YCP: An Army Under Patriotic Leadership
Warlordism was the disease of old feudalistic sensibilities, yet many who sympathise with such ideas remain at the forefront of army politics. If the army is to become pure in its devotion to the Chinese nation, then those with more “modern” sympathies should be elevated and supported.
YCP: A Plebiscitarian Revolution by Ballot
Our Republic was born in 1911, yet the Revolution was abandoned by feudal warlords, weak-minded liberals, and ignominious Marxists. No longer shall this be, for the Constitution will be amended so the patriotic youth may lead our nation towards National Statism! Three cheers for our helmsman Zuo Shunsheng!
YCP: NOT IN COALITION
The Young China Party is not within the ruling coalition of the Assembly, and thus we cannot pursue their policies with reasonable intent.
Call a Constitutional Convention
With the unification of the nation and the final securing of some semblance of peace, there have been many echoing calls for [UPC.GetLeader] to host a national constitutional convention. Occurring under the backdrop of various provinces formalising their own constitutions, it is expected that the Federal Republic compose its own in the near future.
Normalise Political Discourse
Under wartime measures, and beforehand under the oppression of warlords, Chinese free-speech had hardly been that of a concern under the establishment's world order. Remaining isolated to those few brave intellectuals willing to speak out, or otherwise revolutionary publications, the ensuing peace has brought with it the need to stabilise China's nascent democratic system.
Eliminate Electoral Fraud
A long embellished political tradition of past governments, and of recent military occupation zones, electoral fraud walked hand-in-hand with China's \
Nationalise the Military
As espoused by some of the nation's most critical Federalist thinkers, the military should, ultimately, be centralised under that of the national government. Whilst ardent defenders of provincialism would see to it that each province retains its own force, this would merely be the setup for future warlordism, and it is hardly as if the remaining proponents would choose revolt over integration.
New National Elections
Finally, the monumental mission of the Federalist movement is reaching its zenith. Whilst perhaps not perfect, perhaps marred with detrimental drawbacks and all sorts of incongruencies, the United Provinces has nonetheless advanced beyond that of the Beiyang Republic. Surely the people must rejoice, as the nation holds the first somewhat competitive elections since that of 1912.
Return to the World Stage
China was once the great hegemon in the East and kingdoms across the land and sea would pay tribute to its Emperors. The 19th Century and beyond was devastating for our nation, but ultimately a tiny blip in millennia of Chinese dominance. It is time we piece our nation back together and reclaim our place among the world's powers.
Subjugating the Frontiers
China always had an uneasy relationship with its northern and western frontiers, with the Qing dynasty finally bringing most of the West under its suzerainty. The Xinhai Revolution gave foreign-backed secessionists in Mongolia, Tibet, and Xinjiang opportunities to rebel and it is high time order was restored to the Northwest.
End the Century of Humiliation
The Opium Wars and their fallout saw foreign powers carve up China into spheres of influence and impose a series of Unequal Treaties that crippled Chinese sovereignty while foreigners profited. Railroads, city blocks, and even entire ports were leased or taken by foreign powers. It is time we end the foreign occupation of our land and free China's people and economy.
The Liberation of Taiwan
A few decades after Ming loyalists under Zheng Chenggong (Koxinga) first occupied Taiwan, the Qing invaded and occupied the island in 1683 and colonised it. The Japanese however wrested the islands from Chinese control after their victory in the First Sino-Japanese War and continued to suppress Chinese rebels on the island. The Japanese threat will never truly be eliminated until Taiwan is freed.
The Dragon Awakens
We have restored China's territorial integrity, reversing the worst of the Century of Humiliation. The other great powers are now forced to acknowledge us as a peer once again, and we will work to rebuild our sphere in East Asia. Our benevolent guidance will ensure all oppressed peoples in Asia and the Pacific will be free from Western Imperialism.
Pursuing the 1911 Borders
China's greatest territorial extent was during the Qing Dynasty and the return to pre-1911 Borders has been a priority for all patriotic leaders across the Warlord era. Though many dismiss these as fringe claims, it is essential that we press them and take them opportunistically as they arise.
Responsibilities of the Eldest Sibling
Among the Asian family of nations, there ought to be a sense of formal equality in speech but there must also be a graded responsibility according to ability, strength, and strategic position. China must be willing to take on a leadership role in the region, protecting its siblings from outsiders and disciplining them as necessary.
An International Peace-Keeping Force
The intellectual elite alone cannot build a democracy - there must be military backers as well. Though cautious about infringing on national sovereignty, they also believe that autocracy and dictatorships are a \
Building an Asian Super-Federation
Chinese idealists long for a world government, but until then nations of each continent need to work together to build international institutions that will promote justice and eliminate aggression. During the Sino-Japanese War, China was forced to \
Cornerstone of a Federation
Chinese utopians have advocated for the extension of federalist principles to the reconstruction of Asia, and indeed eventually the broken peoples of Europe and the Americas to build a world federation and allow for the evolution of the world. For now however, we must begin by building the Chinese nation on the principles of equality in wealth, rights, and enjoyment - regenerating the human spirit.
A Great Commercial Circle
European Nations became wealthy and strong because they built their states on agriculture, commerce, and industry. The Modern Chinese State ought to follow that same path, building a great commercial circle in the East to compete with the west.
§YWe will unlock decision to invite allied countries into the East Asian Community.§!
For the Evolution of Humanity!
Colonialism has stolen so much from the oppressed peoples of the world and we must help them find their national essence. In this way we can throw off the pessimism that crippled the evolution of the world and allow for the healthy evolution of humanity towards a \
A World in Harmony
Chinese thinkers have long dreamed of a world in harmony (Datong), one where humans have abandoned nationalism and meaningless slaughter in favour of peace and fraternal love. Nations are only transitory institutions, having brought the globe together we can truly evolve as a united human race!
Enforcing Peace in Asia
Asia has been ravaged by war thanks to the collapse of the old Chinese hegemony. The merciless conquests by European powers and the Japanese betrayal has brought nothing but death and violence. China must return to its place as the benevolent leader of the continent, and it begins with taking responsibility for peace across the Pacific.
Building a Security Zone
China is surrounded by Imperialist powers that never hesitated to weaken and humiliate it. The only way to truly prevent another Century of Humiliation is to liberate, protect, and strengthen our neighbours. We must build a ring of allied buffer states under our protection capable of warding off further aggression.
A Chinese Expeditionary Force
China has spent the past few decades fighting one another with small arms and artillery, unable to afford the large-scale deployment of modern military advances in mechanised and aerial warfare. There are significant doubts about our ability to project our forces beyond our borders - if we are to become a great power, this must change.
Rule the South China Sea
The South China sea is home to extensive trade routes and was long under Chinese protection. If we are to be taken seriously as a great power, we must be able to protect our claims all the way up to the eleven-dash line. To do so, we must develop our naval and marine capabilities.
Leverage Ancient Ties
China has many historical and ancestral ties across South East Asia. Our government's traditional base in Liangguang has given diaspora communities an outsized voice and we will leverage these partnerships to our advantage.
Free the Sinosphere
The Sinosphere encompasses nations that share extensive cultural and historical ties to China. Various Guangzhou Governments have proven sympathetic to Vietnamese revolutionaries and to a lesser extent Korean and Japanese ones as well. We must be willing to liberate our brothers and build them up.
§YWe will gain one civilian factory for each of Korea, Japan, and Vietnam that we are allied with. Otherwise, we will gain war-goals on those holding Seoul, Tokyo, and Hanoi.§!
Master of the East Continent
The lack of meaningful boundaries on the Yunnan border had resulted in numerous border disputes with rising nationalist and republican sentiment in the province after the Qing failed to protect Chinese mining interests from the British in Burma. Having united China, the Yunnan dominated government is determined to press Chinese claims and build a modernised version of the old tributary system.
Cultivating Sino-Korean Ties
The Yunnan Government have long been proud supporters of Korean independence, harbouring their activists in Kunming and continuing to sponsor them after unification. Building close ties between the two is essential to fulfilling our end of the bargain and warding off future Japanese aggression.
§YIf Korea is our ally, we will gain a civilian factory, stability, and war support. Otherwise, will gain war-goals on those holding Seoul.§!
The Yellow Book Affair
In the 1930s, as anti-concessionist tensions rose, the Yunnan government commissioned a 2-volume \
On the Road to National Unification
China is a nation that has long followed a cycle of fracturing, before reunifying under immense national trauma, pressure, or struggle. Following through with such a scheme, the Qing Mandate was broken and the untimely Warlord Era followed. Whilst the nation was briefly \
Building the Unifying Army
National unification can only be brought forward by cold steel, steady bayonets, and sheer tenacity. To muster such an army is a herculean task, and no mere conscript will be able to fight against the Central Army's finest, or even the Japanese war machine on the horizon. However, should [ROOT.GetLeader] be able to procure a sizeable enough force, the people and government alike will feel assured that their path is the righteous one, vindicated by history. Should the nation be united by subjugation or negotiation, a large army is imperative both for defensive posturing and the path of war.
The March to War
Negotiation has been proven to be an idealist's folly! Consecutive peace talks have led to nowhere, and history has proven that decisive action is the only avenue to enforce drastic change within the nation. It was proven in Xinhai, in the National Protection War, Constitutional Protection Movement, and even in the Northern Expedition - with the Zhili's subsequent unification of the nation. All other pretence of peaceful unification is ultimately a fool's game, and it is necessary to mobilise the national industry onto the warpath, no matter what the cost may extract upon the nation.
Exhaust All Other Options
Whilst we aspire for the virtue of a nation unified through the signing of paper, and careful negotiation of promises and guarantees, there can be no assurance that either side of the table can see the light. If that is the case, the people, administration, and military will surely deliberate that war must be the only way to national unification. If we should find ourselves under siege by Beijing however, then it will become clear that peace was never an option, and people will respond in tide.
Enter Negotiations with Guangzhou
Guangzhou has recently announced its intention to unite the nation not through force, but through negotiation. With the prospect of peaceful unification possibly in reach, we should oblige their offer in good faith and enter into negotiations with the southerners. In spite of their diplomatic stance however, we must remain vigilant to the possiblity of another Northern Expedition from the south, for some still believe the war path to be the only way to realise national unification.
Manipulate the Regionalists
Such rowdy upstarts have begun to gain the notion that they can challenge the authority of the Central Government and feasibly get away with it. Ultimately, they should understand that national unification is not a \
Appeal to the Moderates
Various local moderate and conservative intellectuals, gentry, and merchant elite within the south share similar sentiments of general antipathy, or even outright opposition, to the path of war that their governments pursue. Largely due to the mass disruption to trade, finance, and banking, alongside the general disorder enacted upon society, agriculture, and stability of the nation, large masses of interest groups thoroughly oppose a major war. An added reinforcement of such a concept is largely that the financiers, and the ones who ultimately pay the price for war, are said gentry and merchants. Through the careful angling of the possibility of peaceful unification over these groups, it will perhaps result in their loss of faith in the war path.
Intimidate the Defeatists
The original Northern Expedition of 1922 resulted in failure, with Sun Yat-sen's ejection from Guangdong. Furthermore, the Northern Expedition of 1925 saw the nigh extinction of his movement, and the scattering of his followers into desolate guerrilla movements championing some sky-high dream of a National Revolution. Layabouts in exile languishing in Moscow and Paris, alongside glorified bandits. That is the fate of all those who pursue a forced unification of the country from the south. It would appear that any display of our own strength would easily press the pessimists within the South to think twice about another Northern Expedition.
Build the Case for Unification
Most warlords in the Warlord Era have necessitated the traversal of the careful tightrope of Regionalism and Nationalism. A province ruled by its provincial people, whilst a part of the broader National Chinese whole. Anything else is unpatriotic, and perhaps paramount to secessionism. Nonetheless, a nation of disparate provinces cannot constitute a whole unless it is brought together by some centripetal force. And of course, such a force should be led by [ROOT.GetLeader]. Just as Tang Jiyao, Li Liejun, Liang Qichao, Cai E, and others attempted in the National Protection War. Just as Sun Yat-sen, Tang Jiyao, Lu Rongting, Cen Chunxuan, Li Liejun, and others, again tried in the Constitutional Protection War. We must similarly follow such a path for unification.
Strongarm the Warlords
Every coalition within China has had some element of warlord essence. Such is the nature of the Warlord Era were civilians have consistently been forced into the back seat due to the power of the gun. Nonetheless, being the standard state of affairs does not mean that the warlords flanking our left and right are entirely dedicated to the cause or government. Of course, we can fight fire with fire, and with \
Silence Dissenters
There are many within the government and populace that thoroughly opposed pursued by the government. Simply, such a state of affairs shall not do. For the nation cannot be united by pessimists and naysayers who prioritise their own selfish ideals over that of the nation state's whole. Some may decry such action as unnecessary, but in times of drastic change, we cannot sincerely tolerate any form of dissent.
Reassure the Moderates
Various members of the gentry, intellectual, and merchant class have voiced their concerns and opposition to embarking upon a potentially costly war for national unification. Understandably, their concerns represent the financial interests of the nation, and any form of warfare would undoubtedly result in a downturn in commerce, alongside higher taxes in order to pay for wartime conditions. Heeding their concerns, we cannot avoid the ultimate clash of war on the horizon. However, we can present a compromise. All sons of gentry, merchants, and other influential members of society shall be sent demobilised and sent home, subsequently being granted amnesty from conscription. Hopefully this will tide them over.
Sabotage Peace Talks
It has become evidently clear that the peace talks with the North are mere attempts to stall for time, at least on their part. No longer shall it be a concern of the southern government to negotiate with a disingenuous northern government. We have been fooled before, and perhaps we were fools to believe in their goodwill once again. Under such conditions, perhaps it is possible to push peace talks down the path of unreconcilable negotiations, highlight the north's folly and forcing the issue to be solved on the battlefield.
Promise a New Era
The people cannot be motivated through vague aspects of \
Democratic Enthusiasm of the Federalists
\
Twin Dragons, United By Chance
China is no stranger to odd arrangements of chance and even weirder bedfellows, and thus with the current political realities of the nation, an all-too interesting arrangement has reared itself. Tacit allies due to greater difficulties with foreign imperialists, the Dongbei and Southern governments have somewhat come to terms with their differences, and through various conferences and cooperation agreements, have proven to be somewhat capable of putting aside differences for the greater good of the nation. Brought together by circumstance, perhaps it may be possible to further cement this working relationship into something more?
Intellectual Reinvigoration
No matter how many soldiers we have, we will always fall behind our rivals that divide China if we do not properly modernise the nation's very structural integrity. For too long the trappings of Confucianism have been misinterpreted, contorted, used as a tool to restrain advancement due to some embellishment of \
Develop a Civilian Apparatus
For too long China's people have been enslaved by the whims of capricious bandits and warlords with no regard for their well-being. To prove evident that we are a government which seeks to fight not for ourselves, but for all the people of China, it is necessary to take strides to place primacy upon the civilian aspect of our administration. Through hardship and experience, may it develop to be better than the skeleton that Beiyang left behind.
Harness the Pearl River Delta's Wealth
The Pearl River Delta's geography has made it an ideal trading hub and fostered a wealthy Cantonese merchant elite class. They have utilised and cultivated their status to inherently transform the Cantonese political culture - money is absolute, and walks hand-in-hand with democracy. Fostering mutually beneficial agreements and policies with this merchant class, as is their tradition, may allow our government to reap the benefits of their wealth and generosity. Not for the few, but for the advantage of all.
Utilise Gentry Connections
Naturally the gentry prove themselves an ever-present and ever-pliable tool, sometimes obstacle, that must be handled delicately, and with care. Any misstep in handling gentry affairs could result in the loss of financial and societal support, or even the defection of local gentry towards [ROOT.GetLeader]'s enemies. Luckily, an extensive patronage network has been cultivated long before the present moment, and by pulling on certain favours, perhaps we shall be able to act much more dynamically in the political environment surrounding us.
Reward the Army's Loyalty
The Federalist movement would not have gotten as far as it had without the ever faithful assistance of its sword and shield. Be it the Dian Army in Yunnan, or the Yue Army at home in Guangdong, military might has protected and ushered in a new era for the intellectual struggle. Under the auspices of its favoured leader Ye Ju, the Yue Army has asserted itself as the foundation for a new Federal republic, and naturally, expects compensation for the blood, sweat, and tears spent fulfilling the Federalist dream.
Unleash Regionalist Brawn
All abounding is the consistent essence of Regionalism within the Federalist movement. After all, it is a national ideology born, or at least interpreted from the structure, of provincialism. Yunnan for the Yunnan People, Hubei for the Hubei People, Guangdong for the Guangdong people and so forth. With the high sense of regionalism is attached a plethora of negatives, but also many boons. Harnessing the local pride that the people retain for their localities will better enable the government to focus on national affairs.
Expand Rural Education Programmes
The education situation is less than ideal, particularly in the countryside where the means to get an education is hard to come by. As it is imperative that the government helps to provide education to its citizens, we must redouble our efforts to send more teachers to these rural areas. In time, the countryside will prosper alongside the cities, as rural children will have a chance to move up the social ladder and improve not only their family's situation, but their hometowns as well.
Forging the Minds of Tomorrow
For the past few decades, universities have been centers of change within China, producing many intellectuals, modernisers, and revolutionaries that have molded the nation to what it is today. If we are able to garner the knowledge of the brightest minds within this country, we will be able to modernise our government politically, economically, and technologically. As such, the government shall increase its efforts to promote higher education among the population, as it will allow the growth of local intellectuals within our government.
Businesses with the Gentry
No matter how far we wish to go with our reforms, the influence of the gentry has prevented our ability to push anything too radical, forcing us to cooperate with them. Aside from the political influence, their control over much of our industry has left us dependent on their support in the pursuit of economic development and industrialisation. With that being said, it would be foolish not to make a deal with them, for their political and economic backing will help our government grow local enterprises that contribute to the local economy.
Tutelage for Local Self-Governance
Local self-government is one of many principles that the Federalist movement seeks to achieve, and as such, it is natural that the same be applied for counties to a lesser extent. Such endeavour requires a lot of patience and effort to be implemented properly, however, for lack of experience and proper training will inevitably lead to administrative mismanagement. It is essential, then, that local administrators be tutored in the art of responsible governance to ensure a smooth transition to local self-government.
The Stewards of Efficiency
As the machinery of governance becomes ever more complex with the growing needs of the people, the necessity for an efficient, professional and loyal bureaucracy becomes undeniable. To ensure the effects of our policies are fully maximised, the expansion of civil service authority, and standardisation of administrative procedures will undoubtedly strengthen the efficiency of our bureaucracy. Though some may dislike our heavy-handed approach, it is simply a necessary measure to bring order in these trying times.
Blank Cheque for the Mines
Our economic underdevelopment has hampered our ability to modernise and maintain our armies. However, the government has a major source of revenue in the form of mineral extraction by local mining companies, which is then exported to foreign countries for a price. With the growing strains of our costs increasing, it is time we offer concessions to these mining companies and give them a blank cheque over their operations and expansion, in exchange for their continued contribution to our revenue stream.
Embrace Our Militarist Reputation
To be ashamed of our reputation as militarists would dishonour the memories and legacy of Cai E, who had stood up against the imperial ambitions of Yuan Shikai and protected the republican dreams of the Xinhai Revolution. From there on, Yunnan continued to produce many brilliant military minds who had graduated from the prestigious Yunnan Military Academy in Kunming. As such, we should feel no shame in how others view us for our militaristic attitude, and instead embrace it wholeheartedly.
Educating the Working Class
Only through education can the nation achieve its salvation, and only through education shall the working class emancipate themselves. It is thus that the government must ensure the education of its workers, so that they may practice workplace democracy, and thus eventually, participate in national elections.
Empower the Civil Administration
China has long struggled with its own military arm, and this cannot be more exemplified than that of the case the Warlord Era. The government itself, whilst holding noble intentions, is still staffed intensely by militarists and warlords; perfidious men who hold loyalty only to themselves. If the government is to fight back against despotism, it is the men of words, not of guns, that must be empowered.
Turn A Blind Eye to Excesses
Unfortunate as it may be, sometimes pragmatic arrangements must come to bear themselves upon the government's administration. A significant portion of the government's support is based upon that of local militarists, regionalists, gentry, capitalists, and merchants. They can hardly be expected to be as selfless as idealists and revolutionaries. By enabling limited underhanded dealings, the government can secure even greater benefits and support.
Encourage Immediate Action
The politicians, intellectuals, and weak-willed paltry men that call themselves \
Ties with Our Military Allies
No polity of China has been able to rightfully contest another without some military force of their own. For as brave and idealistic as the government's crusade may be, they can hardly push through China's last stand of democracy through force of words alone. For the brave men in the government's military, be they Baoding, Officer, or other, their ties are monumental in the government's struggle.
Co-opt the Nationalist Cause
The Young China Party is perhaps one of the most powerful political entities to have existed in the Zhili National Order. Closely tied to the Jade Marshal, Smiling Tiger, and even Governor Yang Sen, they have found themselves in every pocket of the nation; through local warlord allies, or through the very national institutions that they lurk within. Through the government's present arrangements with the YCP, it can sufficiently siphon a portion of their own nationalist fervour for its own needs.
Challenge [UPC.GetLeader]'s Leadership
The Federalist movement has been misled on [UPC.GetLeader]'s capability to lead the movement. As faithful believers of constitutionalism and democracy, we have demonstrated a more genuine commitment as torchbearers of the Federalist cause. Thus, we must wrestle back control and steer the movement back from its strayed path.
Eliminate the [UPC.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Pretenders
The bastion of Federalism has fallen and in its place, a perverted alternative has arisen demanding loyalty to their cause. An action amounting nothing more than the theft of the Federalist movement's name for their warlordist ambitions, we must restore the true pillars of Federalism and rescue not just our movement, but our entire nation.
Bolster Provincial Security
Stability in our province is a flux, as an unsafe atmosphere lingers both in the cities and the countryside. Whether it be rampant banditry extorting those who were unfortunate enough to fall victim, or extensive criminal networks conducting illegal businesses within the dark underbellies of our cities, we cannot stand idle any longer lest we fall into total anarchy. Contrary to the constitutionalist and democratic trends within the movement, a stronger hand is necessary for us to preserve harmony within our own borders.
Implement Democratic Reforms
As a movement that seeks to steer the nation towards a decentralised future where each provinces have the ability to govern themselves according to local needs, naturally constitutionalism and democracy had become major pillars of Federalism. By safeguarding the rights of the people through upholding the constitution, and allowing mass participation in deciding how things ought to be ran, we will shine across the entire nation as an example of a \
Protect Provincial Rights
Provincial autonomy has always been a major pillar of the Federalist movement, which promised to enshrine a province's right to self-governance, irrespective of what the Central Government wished. However, this aspect of the movement has slowly but surely declined in favour of implementing democracy and constitutionalism, as provincial autonomy became synonymous with regionalism. However they may feel, we must assert our autonomy and remind the Federal Government that [ROOT.GetNameDef] still reserves the right to govern itself in whatever way it deems fit.
Follow Federal Policies
It is important at times to stand in line with the Federal Government's policies, especially so when both governments agree on the same thing. In spite of our right to self-governance and provincial autonomy, we should show solidarity with [UPC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] in these tumultuous times when political uncertainty has become the status quo, so that cooperation between our two governments deepen whilst increasing both governments' legitimacy across the nation.
Stressing Our Neutrality
War has taken its toll on China, leaving many destitute and turning centres of prosperity into nought but rubble. Even as we pick up the pieces and attempt to recover whatever is left, threats of invasion still haunt many in [ROOT.GetNameDef]. When others seek to involve us in pointless conflicts that do not benefit the people of [ROOT.GetNameDef], we must find our courage to say \
Support for Unification Efforts
Fragmentation has plagued our nation for too long. Many times have attempts to unite China failed, as opportunists carve up personal fiefdoms to satiate their greed. Now, our Federal Government asks for our aid in their efforts to bring China back together again, through whatever means possible, whether through diplomacy or through war. We shall answer with resounding support and are ready to stand side-by-side in the name of nation unification!
A Chinese Federal Democracy
Under the Federalist Movement's leadership, China has taken its first steps towards liberal democracy. Whether or not it will stay that way will depend on how well [UPC.GetLeader] can navigate this fragile democratic system.\n\n§fPolitical Parties§! in legislature will win §YAssembly Seats§! proportionate to their ideology's popularity. A simple majority of seats is needed to form a government. If necessary, §fCoalitions§! may be formed with non-banned parties after elections in exchange for §YPromises§! proportionate to their held seats, which can be fulfilled by completing their associated focuses.\n\n[UPC_democratic_backsliding_threshold][UPC_election_coalition_seat]
§RDemocratic Backsliding§! may occur if §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drops to §Y$UPC_bop_developing_realism$§! or lower. This threshold can be lowered by completing the §Y$UPC_nationalise_the_military$§! focus.
§RDemocratic Backsliding§! may occur if §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drops to §Y$UPC_bop_bitter_realism$§!.
§RDemocratic Backsliding§! may occur if §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drops to §Y$UPC_bop_developing_realism$§! or §Y$UPC_bop_growing_idealism$§!. This threshold can be lowered by completing the §Y$UPC_nationalise_the_military$§! focus.
§RDemocratic Backsliding§! may occur if §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! drops to §Y$UPC_bop_bitter_realism$§! or §Y$UPC_bop_romantic_idealism$§!.
\n\nGoverning Coalition Seats: [UPC_get_governing_coalition_seats]/§Y[?global.UPC_total_seats_var|0]§!\nThere are currently §Y[?global.UPC_total_seats_var|0]§! seats in legislature. [UPC_governing_situation]
We currently have §Genough aligned seats§! to form and maintain a government.
We currently need [UPC_get_governing_coalition_needed_seats] more to achieve the required [?global.UPC_majority_seats_var|0Y] threshold for a majority.
[?global.UPC_GRA_aligned_votes_var|0Y]
[?global.UPC_CDL_aligned_votes_var|0Y]
[?global.UPC_GRA_needed_votes_for_majority_var|0Y]
[?global.UPC_CDL_needed_votes_for_majority_var|0Y]
§R== BANNED ==§!
§oIndependent Radicals§!\nLeader: Assorted Leaders\n§Y[?global.UPC_RAD_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_RAD_promises_var|0]§! promises
§rChinese Syndicalist Party§!\nLeader: [UPC_GetCSPPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_CSP_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_CSP_promises_var|0]§! promises
§RKuomintang§!\nLeader: [UPC_GetKMTPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_KMT_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_KMT_promises_var|0]§! promises
$UPC_CDL_party_long$\nLeader: [UPC_GetCDLPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_CDL_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_CDL_promises_var|0]§! promises
$UPC_GRA_party_long$\nLeader: [UPC_GetGRAPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_GRA_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_GRA_promises_var|0]§! promises
$UPC_REP_party$\nLeader: Assorted Leaders\n§Y[?global.UPC_REP_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_REP_promises_var|0]§! promises
$UPC_DCP_party_long$\nLeader: [UPC_GetDCPPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_DCP_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_DCP_promises_var|0]§! promises
§g[UPC_GetSTAPartyName_long]§!\nLeader: [UPC_GetSTAPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_STA_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_STA_promises_var|0]§! promises
§PIndependent Regionalists§!\nLeader: Assorted Leaders\n§Y[?global.UPC_REG_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_REG_promises_var|0]§! promises
§nYoung China Party§!\nLeader: [UPC_GetYCPPartyLeader]\n§Y[?global.UPC_YCP_seats_var|0]§! seats | §Y[?global.UPC_YCP_promises_var|0]§! promises
UPC_party_name_[UPC_GetPartyTag]
§oIndependent Radicals§!
$UPC_RAD_party$
§rCSP§!
§rChinese Syndicalist Party§!
§RKMT§!
§RKuomintang§!
[UPC_GetCDLPartyName]
[UPC_GetCDLPartyName_long]
§SCDL§!
§SChina Democratic League§!
§lCDL§!
§lChina Democratic League§!
§lCDL - CMS§!
§lChina Democratic League - Crescent Moon Society§!
§SCDL - Dian Faction§!
§SChina Democratic League - Yunnan Provincial Committee Faction§!
§SCDL - DSP§!
§SChina Democratic League - Democratic Socialist Party§!
§SCDL - NCRA§!
§SChina Democratic League - New Century Research Association§!
[UPC_GetGRAPartyName]
[UPC_GetGRAPartyName_long]
§lGRA§!
§lGrand Republican Alliance§!
§mGRA§!
§mGrand Republican Alliance§!
§cGRA§!
§cGrand Republican Alliance§!
§lGRA - PIP§!
§lGrand Republican Alliance - Public Interest Party§!
§mGRA - PGP§!
§mGrand Republican Alliance - People's Government Party§!
§cGRA - PGP§!
§cGrand Republican Alliance - People's Government Party§!
§lGRA - UFAA§!
§lGrand Republican Alliance - United Federal Autonomy Association§!
[UPC_GetREPPartyName]
$UPC_REP_party$
§mIndependent Republicans§!
§lIndependent Republicans§!
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName]
[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_long]
§SDCP§!
§SDemocratic Constitutionalist Party§!
§cDCP§!
§cDemocratic Constitutionalist Party§!
DCP
Democratic Constitutionalist Party
CCP
Chinese Constitutionalist Party
§g[UPC_GetSTAPartyName]§!
§g[UPC_GetSTAPartyName_long]§!
Yue Clique
Dian Clique
GRA - CGPS
Grand Republican Alliance - Civil Governance and Progress Society
§PIndependent Regionalists§!
$UPC_REG_party$
§nYCP§!
§nYoung China Party§!
Upcoming Federal Elections in [?UPC.campaign_timer_var|0] Months
Federal elections have been scheduled to be held within a few months. During this time, we will be able to campaign in the various provinces and also engage in other electioneering activities. Our opponents in this election will not be passive either - the only way to stay in place is to keep moving!
Swap Sides
We all make mistakes sometimes. And during those times, wise politicians may choose to pivot and back a stronger horse.
Expand Our Ground Game
Traditional Chinese elections have been an elitist affair, with minimal campaigning by leading politicians - the dirty work left in the hands of various fixers and other agents. Times are changing however. If we are to win this election, we will need to pour further resources on the campaign trail - adding more stops, more stump speeches, more activists - anything to gain an advantage.
Leverage Presidential Powers
The President is a powerful man, no matter how much the various legislatures have sought to limit executive prerogatives. Some may call it abuse or populism - but the people elect their President to act. A few last minute decrees to improve the people's quality of life and ensure they have a few more coins in their pockets, hire a few more select individuals in valuable sinecures, and sideline a few pesky rivals is not corruption - it's just politics.
Lean on Our Military Ties
Our President has a uniquely close relationship with the military, having recruited, trained, and led it to victory. Though ostensibly having moved onto a more civilian role and having given up day to day control over operations, he still retains extensive personal friendships with leading military officers who would be more than happy to be of service \
Campaign in [UPC_election_region_scripted_loc]
With our time and resources limited, we must be strategic about where we focus our campaign efforts. We will likely maximise our impact by campaigning in provinces with high population density like Sichuan, Shandong, Zhili, Henan, Guangdong, and Jiangsu, however we might also benefit from campaigning in smaller but more traditional support-bases like Zhejiang, Hunan and Shanghai for the CDL and Yunnan, Jiangxi, and the Diaspora for the GRA.
Sichuan
Shandong
Zhili
Henan
Guangdong
Jiangsu
Hunan
Hubei
Anhui
Zhejiang
Fengtian
Jiangxi
Guangxi
Yunnan
Jilin
Fujian
Shanxi
Guizhou
Shaanxi
the Xibei Region
Inner Mongolia
Heilongjiang
Taiwan
Shanghai
Xinjiang
Tibet
Outer Mongolia
Outer Manchuria
Singapore
the Diaspora
Support the Grand Republican Alliance
It would be... perhaps prudent, to somewhat influence the national election campaign in our favour. After all, our position is only as strong as our political convictions, and alliances. By throwing our support behind [UPC_GetGRAPartyLeader] and the Grand Republican Alliance, we can both ensure our position within the nation and government whilst maintaining a political course that is most satisfiable for [ROOT.GetLeader].
Support the China Democratic League
The Grand Republican Alliance do not have the security of the nation, or of its nascent democracy, in mind. They would see their own national project sundered for some allusions of grandeur based around the golden egg of Federalism. Only the opposition, the China Democratic League, the long lasting legacy of democratic reformism within the nation, can see China's democracy maintained, protected, and advanced onto a brighter future.
Support the Independents and Liberals
Neither major contender in the national election have the true interests of the nation at heart. The China Democratic League would see the nation sundered to radicalism, a perversion and distortion of Liang Qichao's ideals circulating around the folly of socialism. The Grand Republican Alliance are nothing but a Southerner's substitution for the corruption of Beiyang. Vultures circulating around the false idol of Federalism as the solution to all means. Only the true Independents, those true civil servants and those true democrats who refuse the tribalism of politics can bring forward a new future for China.
Support Local Regionalism
Cast it all away! That's what the Central Government will do to the nation's Federalist project should they have their way! They view [ROOT.GetLeader] as nothing but a \
Revel in Radicalism
The nation can only be redeemed through its own self-sacrifice and bloodshed. The reformists, their \
Perils of a Minority Government
[ROOT.GetLeader] may have won the Presidency, but that does not mean he can rule by fiat (at least as long as our democracy lives). Even if the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] has won an outright majority of seats (an achievement on its own right), we will need to demonstrate our ability to command a governing majority by forming a cabinet. Until then, a caretaker government with limited powers will have to govern, coalition talks will continue, and concerns about instability will endure.
Form a Government
Having secured the votes we need for a working majority, we can now confidently form a government without having to worry about key votes being blocked in legislature. This will go a long way to stabilising our rule.
Coalition Expectations
Every year, our coalition partners will expect some progress on the promises we made. This will require us to spend time passing legislation favourable to them, even if they are half-baked. Succeeding will reinforce faith in our democracy, failing may imperil not only our government but our republic!
Coalition with the §RKuomintang§!
The Kuomintang, also known as the Chinese Nationalist Party, is a revolutionary vanguardist party founded by the late Sun Yat-sen. It's core ideology is built around Dr. Sun's Three Principles of the People, his Three Stage Revolution, and his National Reconstruction Plan. The failure of their revolution has brought certain factions of their party to the bargaining table, but make no mistake - even the \
Form a [UPC_GetGRAPartyName_nosub]-[UPC_GetCDLPartyName_nosub] Grand Coalition
The China Democratic League is the successor of the older United National Construction League and Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties, a mostly centre-left alliance of generally progressive liberal and intellectual dominated parties. The CDL claims to be one party on its own right, but remains in practice multiple smaller parties operating as one electoral bloc. A grand coalition between the GRA and CDL would probably be the natural choice.
Form a [UPC_GetCDLPartyName_nosub]-[UPC_GetGRAPartyName_nosub] Grand Coalition
The Grand Republican League was founded as an alliance between Chen Jiongming and Duan Qirui while in exile, however it has since evolved into a larger coalition of generally liberal and conservative Federalists around the country. The GRA is often tied to establishment institutions, whether it be warlord Governors or provincial assemblies particularly in the South and also Hongmen groups among the diaspora. A grand coalition between the GRA and CDL would probably be the natural choice.
Herd the [UPC_GetREPPartyName]
The traditional Beiyang System included many Independents, who often prided themselves on their free spirit. That has not prevented them from assembling into clubs of their own or even forming small parties, though many are reluctant to abandon their political autonomy. Times are changing however, and the days of informal associations dominating politics have been coming to a close for some time. Most of these independents have already vowed to work with whatever government is formed (GRA or CDL), and we can easily coax the rest into voting with us.
Coalition with the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_long]
The [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long] is the largest descendant of Liang Qichao's Reformist movement. If Sun was the father of the Guangzhou government, Liang in many ways was the founding father of the Beiyang Republic, with his ideas continuing to influence people across the political spectrum. His Constitutionalists are particularly concerned with the creation and enforcement of their namesake cause, at times placing it above democracy itself. A generally more conservative party (and arguably China's oldest surviving one), it has a particular fondness for the rural village.
Coalition with the §g[UPC_GetSTAPartyName_long]§!
The Army and Bureaucracy are the two mighty arms of the Central Government and sometimes manifest as a political force of their own. Though the Federalist movement has sought to neuter Central Government tyranny, they never fully could stop this centralism from emerging from their own government on their way to national reunification. Some leaders are naturally ingrained with these forces, others will need to beg and plead with them. All of them will have to be wary when dealing with them, lest the government rule the President rather than the other way around.
Deals with the §PIndependent Regionalists§!
Though the Warlord Era is coming to a close, the warlords themselves have proven smart enough to adapt rather than die out. Exploiting new opportunities and leveraging their influence over local politics, these men continue to find ways to remain relevant. Some are former members of the great warlord cliques like the Zhili, Fengtian, and Anhui, while others are the clients of local political machines if not strongmen themselves. It would be a mistake to assume they are all ignorant and hated local tyrants however. Many of them have a populist flair and well educated, and some have even founded small parties of their own to cater to local interests. While some do have ideologies of their own, most will gravitate towards our centre of power.
Coalition with the §nYoung China Party§!
The Young China Party was founded by Chinese students studying abroad. Inspired by the Young Turks and the teachings of Liang Qichao, they have morphed into an ultra-nationalistic, militaristic organisation that tended to graft onto existing warlord structures - offering them an easy, submissive ideological programme that could be used to inspire the masses. Despite this, their actual membership tend to be students, intellectuals, and businessmen - and they have a moderate side to them willing to work with the Federalist movement. Still, a coalition with them may be a dangerous prospect for the future of our young democracy.
Appease the §RKuomintang§!
With the Kuomintang's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the [UPC_GetCDLPartyName_nosub]
With the China Democratic League's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the [UPC_GetGRAPartyName_nosub]
With the Grand Republican League's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the [UPC_GetREPPartyName]
With the Independent Republicans's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_long]
With the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long]'s main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the §g[UPC_GetSTAPartyName_long]§!
With the [UPC_GetSTAPartyName_long]'s main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the §PIndependent Regionalists§!
With the Independent Regionalists's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
Appease the §nYoung China Party§!
With the Young China Party's main political agenda having been exhausted by years of participation in coalition governments, they have become a fixture in our Republic. Their platform is now baked into the very foundation of Federal Chinese politics, and continuing to appease them will require a mixture of patronage jobs for their senior leaders, funding for various local programs they propose, and support for their rhetoric nation-wide.
The Seven Gentlemen Incident
With the anti-concessionist hysteria taking a radical turn, conservative backlash seemed inevitable. But many were shocked when seven prominent members of the National Salvation Federation were suddenly detained by Legation authorities in Shanghai and extradited to Beijing on treason charges, where they remain imprisoned awaiting trial.\n\nWhile the National Salvation Federation has gained traction in recent months for organising anti-concessionist protests, their arrest also takes place in the backdrop of the broader Chinese democratic movement. Exploiting the post-Northern Expedition power vacuum among the left in 1928, the NSF along with the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, the Chinese Vocational Educational Society, the Rural Reconstruction Alliance, and many other independents ranging from Hu Shih to socialists like Zhang Bojun and Tan Pingshan formed the United National Construction League.\n\nThe appearance of many socialist-adjacent figures triggered considerable suspicion, forcing the UNCL to publish a 12-point Articles of Faith, that included calls for unity, peaceful negotiations, reconstruction, the promulgation of a constitution and enforcement of it, recognition of political parties, the end of military involvement in politics, anti-corruption, and non-partisanship. Humoured by Zhili authorities in the lead-up to the 1929 Elections, the 1932 Shanghai Uprising saw a brutal crackdown that forced the UNCL underground.\n\nAfter the Zhili purge, many liberal and progressive intellectuals fled the League to the southwest where they found warlord governments willing to tolerate them. A new coalition was formed known as the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties. The FCDP operated in secret, though it purged itself of leftist members who drew too much heat like Zhang and Tan. The NSF was not initially invited to the FCDP, but were eventually readmitted. 1936 gave the FCDP a boost but the weak response by FCDP authorities have caused the fragile movement to splinter.
A lot of socialist rabble rousers getting what they deserve.
An affront to civil rights in China!
Proof bourgeois reformism goes nowhere.
Beiyang slides back into authoritarianism.
The China Democratic Socialist Party
The arrest of the Seven Gentlemen has sent shockwaves across China. But the upwelling in anger has not only been pointed at [QIE.GetAdjective] authorities. The Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties, has proven ineffectual in their response to the crisis with its component parties divided on their response and their leaders mostly calling for calm.\n\nIn particular the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, the largest component of the FCDP and the only formal political party, has been accused of being spineless - too afraid of losing their influence in the National Assembly. The FCDP response has been limited to a belated statement condemning the arrests and funding lawyers for the accused.\n\nMany disgruntled FCDP intellectuals in the south have gathered in Guangzhou, where after weeks of discussion they have announced the formation of the China Democratic Socialist Party. Heading the party are former members of the China National Renaissance Society, a clique of left-Liangists within the CCP led by Zhang Junmai and Zhang Dongsun. Another major faction are the (Tsinghua University clique of the) Crescent Moon Society led by Long Longji, Wen Yiduo, and Liang Shiqiu.\n\nThe new party claims to stand for a Western-style parliamentary democracy, a mixed economic system that blends guild socialism and social democracy, and a nationalistic outlook that elevates race as the most important principle in society. In addition to calling for a new constitution, they also demand an immutable Five Year Plan after reunification, with a focus on unity, efficiency, and stability.\n\nDSP leaders have a history of working with southern warlords such as Sun Chuanfang, Federalists such as Zhao Hengti, Chen Jiongming, and Tang Jiyao, and intellectuals such as Hu Shih. They also have had some overlap with the Young China Party, another Liangist offshoot. Though only boasting about ten thousand followers on the onset, the Renaissance Weekly newspaper has seen a notable uptick in subscribers.
The dawn of a new way for China!
Proof that there is an alternative for China!
Could they breathe new life into Southern democracy?
Revisionist, bourgeois, and counter-revolutionary!
Another socialist splinter? Really?
Trial of the Seven Gentlemen
Naturally the institution of the Manchu over the ashes of the Beiyang Republic would've wrought serious condemnation from the public and concerns of instability. However, it would not be the monarchy itself that would be the source of recent controversy, but that of the arrest of a varied group of left-leaning intellectuals. Thrusting the already irate democratic and intellectual political circles into nigh fury, they have begun to fully siege down the government for a response. Mobilised in large part by the NSF, Endeavour, PSC, RRA, YCP, and even members of the rather passive CCP, many have sent a flurry of denouncements towards the ruling government.\n\nEver since the formation of the NSF, the public has keenly observed the government's conduct in regards towards concessions, and democracy. Black Monday, in conjunction with the arrest of the Seven Gentlemen and unrest in Shanghai, the League, and elsewhere has led to quite a dire state of affairs.\n\nExtradited to Beijing, the Seven Gentlemen had been treated particularly well by the authorities. Nonetheless, leading jurists supported by the Aisin-Gioro family submitted their indictment. Accusing the Seven Gentlemen of \
One can hardly say that the Zhili's rule in China has been that of an all-popular one. The recent controversy surrounding the arrest of the \
Bai Jianwu and Sun Danlin push for their release!
The Tianjin-Baoding Group rally for their continued detainment.
Popular pressure forces the Royalists to concede.
You can hardly expect such rabblerousers to stay out of trouble.
The China Democratic League
As [GXC.GetAdjective] troops approached Beijing, concerns grew about the democratic future of the Federalist movement. Though Chen Jiongming has vowed to implement a stable transition to a democratic, federal republic, this has not satisfied many of his former progressive allies who worry about their decreasing leverage as unification draws near.\n\nThe old Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties has rebranded as the China Democratic League, led by Zhang Junmai of the Democratic Socialist Party. They have organised what they call a peaceful and patriotic opposition to demand the immediate implementation of democracy. The nation now looks to President Chen for his response.
Let us see if Chen is the democrat he claims to be.
Fools arguing with other fools.
[FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is at a crossroads.
The China Democratic League
Gathering in [UPC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], leaders of several parties and groups that made up the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties have gathered for a stunning announcement: they will henceforth be known as the China Democratic League. This united party, now led by Crescent Moon Society intellectual Luo Longji, have published their manifesto, seeking a third way between revolution and graduation evolution: conscious reform.\n\nPresident [ROOT.GetLeader] has not yet made any statements on the matter, however it is clear that tensions between the executive and his opposition will continue to rise. How it will be resolved will set the tone for the future of the Federalist movement.
We will monitor these developments carefully.
Another day, another set of nonsense.
China seems to be at another crossroads.
Rising Authoritarianism in [FROM.GetNameDef]
The Federalist movement has always been fractious, with many differing interpretations espoused by different local leaders owing to the movement's decentralised nature. Although a majority of the movement believes in democracy and that it works hand in hand with Federalism, there are some that have a looser conviction towards implementing democracy within their respective administration, but still generally maintain their commitment to a federalist system in China.\n\nIt would seem Governor [FROM.GetLeader] has fallen into that category, as limited reports indicate growing authoritarianism in [FROM.GetNameDef]. Under the guise of maintaining order and stability, the provincial government in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has come under stricter control by [FROM.GetLeader].\n\nThough the Federal Government has no right in meddling in provincial affairs and dictate how they administrate, many implore [ROOT.GetLeader] to hold Governor [FROM.GetLeader] accountable for his blatant authoritarianism and want of political gain.
We must hold them accountable and uphold civil rights!
Provincial authority cannot be trampled upon...
Democratic Implementation in [FROM.GetNameDef]
Constitutional democracy has long flickered in China, as authoritarian militarism had overtaken the political will of the people to act, instead sailing the nation towards corruption and flagrant cronyism. Despite this, the Federalist movement has persisted in attempting to bring democracy and constitutionalism back to China and revive the idealism of the Xinhai Revolution, away from the North's illiberal crony oligarghic democracy and the Kuomintang's revolutionary vanguardist one-party dictatorship.\n\nThat mission is most clear within [FROM.GetNameDef], as democratic reforms have been steadily introduced by Governor [FROM.GetLeader]. Transforming [FROM.GetNameDef] into one of many bastions of constitutional democracy within China, [FROM.GetLeader] has earned the trust of many officials in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nWith high praise from many, the Federalist movement has got itself a \
Civil rights and the rule of law prevail!
A model province for all the country to follow!
[FROM.GetNameDef] Reaffirms Provincial Rights!
Provincial autonomy has always been a core tenet of the Federalist ideology in China, even if many argue over the nature on how it is implemented. As power in China started to decentralise and moved increasingly towards the provincial level, provincialism too became increasingly common, as many distrusted the Central Government's inability to address local issues and instead turned towards local militarists to solve them.\n\nIt seems despite our common affinity towards the Federalist cause, Governor [FROM.GetLeader] has stated his commitment to maintaining [FROM.GetNameDef]'s provincial autonomy, backing it up with actions by discretely withholding taxes owed to the Federal Government alongside quiet sabotage against the already limited Federal oversight over the province.\n\nIt is clear that this is nothing but a thinly veiled snub, illustrating [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s displeasure against the Federal Government. Whilst we can do nought but keep silent over this minor incident lest we provoke accusations of betraying the Federalist cause, obligations between the federal and provincial governments should be met as well.
Do they not see the burdens of the government?
They should fulfill their obligations to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] first.
[FROM.GetNameDef] Reaffirms Support for Federal Policies!
The federal system relies solely on mutual trust, as policies enacted by the Federal Government can only hope to be enforced by provincial governments should they be in the province's interests. In turn, the Federal Government too has to trust the provincial governments to conduct its governance in line with Federal wishes, whilst ensuring not to overstep its boundary and cause irreparable damage to trust.\n\nGovernor [FROM.GetLeader] has voiced his confidence in the Federal Government's policies, reinforcing political unity between federal and provincial governments. Although maintaining [FROM.GetNameDef]'s political autonomy from [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], [FROM.GetLeader] has shown that [FROM.GetNameDef] is willing to cooperate with the Federal Government.\n\nThis act of submission has earned praises from [ROOT.GetAdjective] officials, who view this as a step towards strengthening the resolve and unity of the Federalist movement. For [ROOT.GetLeader], it is a boost of confidence politically as recognition of his and his government's national authority has also increased [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s legitimacy as the true government of China.
[ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s political will grows stronger.
Only through political unity can China be whole again!
Growing Pacifism in [FROM.GetNameDef]
China has been in constant warfare ever since the Xinhai Revolution, with its people suffering under the harsh conditions they live under, from extortionate taxation by oppressive local governors to rampant banditry ravaging across the lands. As such, pacifism has become something of a trend amongst the people who decry the destructive adventurism of militarist warlords.\n\nWithin [FROM.GetNameDef], the trend has clearly manifested itself with [FROM.GetLeader] showing to have taken a pro-peace stance, imploring the Federal Government to keep the peace and pushing for \
War will not be sought out nor shall it be forced upon others.
Their wants are below the needs for national unity!
[FROM.GetNameDef] Rallies for National Unification!
Ever since the National Protection War, China has collapsed into constant civil war as infighting between different military cliques as well as rivalling governments. As the years went on, many governments had since formed and collapsed, with no end in sight, as war slowly became a normalcy engrained within the minds of the people.\n\nAttempts have been made before to unify the nation, whether it be through diplomacy or through force. Duan Qirui's expedition against the Constitutional Protection Movement during the Weltkrieg ended in failure and fractured the Beiyang government, whereas the Kuomintang's Northern Expedition to rid the North of the Beiyang cliques collapsed and nearly disintegrated the party.\n\nHowever, times have changed, as many still yearn for National Unification. Governor [FROM.GetLeader] is one amongst them, who has rallied the people of [FROM.GetNameDef] to support National Unification under our government. His support is a show of confidence for [ROOT.GetLeader], who is now entrusted and supported by [FROM.GetNameDef] to achieve National Unification and realise the dreams of the Xinhai Revolution.
The march towards National Unification grows nearer!
Only together can we move towards National Unification!
The Fork in the Road
For as long as the Warlord Era has persisted, China has largely been split upon a North-South axis. As ably stated by Sun Chuanfang, \
We'd be fools if we didn't at least try again.
Only the sword can compel others to see reason.
Guangzhou Delegates Arrive
For as long as the Warlord Era has persisted, China has largely been split upon a North-South axis. As ably stated by Sun Chuanfang, \
We would become heroes should we succeed. Welcome their overtures.
They make demands... of *us*?
Paying the Piper
In order to build and maintain an army capable of full-scale war, sacrifices are required along the way. But warlords, progressives, and conservatives alike were promised peace and stability, rather than war and anguish of the dark days of the warlord era. Without military liberation, the Federalist government will always be in danger from its rivals. But the compromises needed for the war effort may very well endanger the precious Federalist reforms already underway.\n\nThis is an old story for Federalist Governors. In his previous tenures, Chen Jiongming was known for his attempts to crack down on the opium trade, burning hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of smuggled opium in public, and even becoming President of the Guangdong Branch of the International Anti-Opium Society. Similarly, he cracked down upon gambling, and other social ills before military setbacks (and greed) forced subordinates such as Hong Zhaolin to lift such restrictions. Tang Jiyao also took a hard line against opium in the past, but was ultimately forced to restart production when military expenditures dwarfed provincial revenues twofold.\n\nAnother avenue to secure finances would be through slashing civilian spending. This has always been a controversial move - the 1920s Guangdong Constitution tried to stipulate that no more than 30% of the budget may be used for military purposes, and at least 20% be used for education in protest of prior administrations' rampant military spending. Yunnanese Federalists' proposal to raze schools and government buildings and sell their building materials attracted such strong protests it had to be abandoned.\n\nA final alternative would be the raising of money through the forced taxation of the gentry and merchants, along with a debasing of the local currency. This risks triggering unrest among the elites, hyperinflation, and an economic downturn. But with costs rapidly rising and war imminent, something has to give.
Opium ebbs and flows as the nation needs it to, surely.
Constitutions are only paper...
Economic consequences pale in comparison to national aspirations.
The Sinews of War
In order to build and maintain an army capable of full-scale war, sacrifices are required along the way. But warlords, progressives, and conservatives alike were promised peace and stability, rather than war and anguish of the dark days of the warlord era. Without military liberation, the National Protection government will always be in danger from its rivals. But the compromises needed for the war effort may very well endanger the precious reforms already underway.\n\nThis is hardly a new story for the south. Various leaders have sought to crack down on the opium trade and other social ills, though plenty of others were well willing to embrace the lucrative trade. Likewise, turning a blind eye to organised crime, protection rackets, and even outright looting has been used by southern warlords in their rapacious quest to fund their wars and decadent lifestyles.\n\nDipping into education and social funding is another potential target for quickly acquiring the funds needed for war. While the intelligentsia are adamantly against it and have made several attempts to protect their pet projects, particularly public schooling, when war breaks out the reality is that young men and school funds are needed at the battlefront.\n\nA final alternative would be the raising of money through the forced taxation of the gentry and merchants, along with a debasing of the local currency. This risks triggering unrest among the elites, hyperinflation, and an economic downturn. But with costs rapidly rising and war imminent, something has to give.
Students of the Green Forest School can live off the land.
We can afford books when the wars end and China is free.
The entire economy must work towards victory!
The Model Provinces
With few exceptions, Federalist leaders have consistently championed the cause of negotiation. Abstaining the cause of unnecessary bloodshed and brutalisation of the nation's people, [ROOT.GetLeader] has seen fit to transform the regions under their control into modern provinces, and a model for all to emulate within the nation.\n\nProgress has always been earned painstakingly. Chen Jiongming, Tang Jiyao, Zhao Hengti, and Xiong Kewu have all made various diplomatic forays with rival governments, particularly with the Zhili Clique and the brief Anhui Revival of the mid-1920s. Either through their own choices, or the betrayal of promises by their partners, or because of their own ejection from power, these efforts fell through until the Zhili forced the submission of Hunan and Yunnan on unequal terms.\n\nDespite this, with their return to power in the South, [UPC.GetLeader] has broadly charted a familiar course, albeit with lessons learned from the past. The bloated military budget has been slashed, allowing the government to reignite spending on social programs - particularly education. Vices such as gambling, opium, and prostitution have been contained if not outright banned in the provinces, as resources can be allocated to restoring social order. Financial responsibility and wise adoption of loans have allowed the Guangzhou government to prosper under his comparatively short tenure.\n\nWith added space to implement local reforms whilst looking for space to see Beijing arrive at its senses, an interesting dilemma has arisen. What makes our Model Society special? Is it its curbs on vice? Perhaps its education efforts, and the decreasing of bloated military spending? Or perhaps even its financial stability amongst a sea of chaos?
Three cheers for [UPC.GetLeader]! Vanquisher of Opium!
Three cheers for [UPC.GetLeader]! Subduer of Illiteracy!
Three cheers for [UPC.GetLeader]! The Financially Capable!
The Gifts of Peace
With few exceptions, Regionalist leaders have consistently championed the cause of negotiation. Abstaining the cause of unnecessary bloodshed and brutalisation of the nation's people, [ROOT.GetLeader] and other regional leaders can afford to turn their attention (at least temporarily) towards productive purposes.\n\nThis has never been an easy process. Lu Rongting, Cen Chunxuan, Chen Jiongming, Tang Jiyao, Zhao Hengti and other southern leaders have tried to negotiate with the Beiyang government and end the civil war, with limited success. Still, with this temporary respite from fighting, security forces can be deployed to clamp down on banditry and looting - including from their own ranks. This allows for order to be restored, and the people to flourish in this peace.\n\nEducational efforts too can benefit from stability and greater access to funding. Stalled efforts to fight illiteracy and other projects to improve the plight of the people and revive the Chinese village can take flight.\n\nLastly, this peace has allowed businesses to grow, soldiers to demobilise, and for the people to contribute to charitable efforts. This peace cannot last forever, but while it does we ought to make the most of it.
Peace brings law and order to the land.
Peace brings knowledge and understanding to the people.
Peace brings prosperity and development to the nation.
The Zhejiang Federalists
The Federalist Movement of the 1920s had its proponents in the Eastern five provinces that would ultimately form the nucleus of Sun Chuanfang's League. Indeed, Marshal Sun at least paid lip-service to the idea of Federalism during his rule, though his brand of Federalism was much more reactionary and authoritarian than the earlier iterations of the movement. Having secured Nanjing and brought the five provinces to heel, local Federalist-sympathetic groups have had more room to breathe.\n\nPerhaps the most directly analogous faction is the Zhejiang Autonomy Movement, now led by Chu Fucheng. Made up of local Tongmenghui Reformers and various intellectuals, they responded positively to Hunan's Federalist Constitution, and along with similar groups in Jiangxi and Fujian, they attempted to pass provincial constitutions of their own. While not achieving anywhere near the same success as Hunan and Guangdong, they prove to be willing collaborators.\n\nMa Xulun is an educator who worked with Zhang Taiyan in the past. A Zhejiang born intellectual, he was dogged by allegations of sympathies to the Kuomintang during the Northern Expedition but managed to make a political comeback during the brief period of Zhili liberalisation. His China Association for Promoting Democracy was mostly forced underground after 1932, but is similarly sympathetic to our movement.\n\nAttempting to follow them are various warlords, nationalists, and regionalists who gave them patronage during Sun's rule and expect protection in return. Most of them are of Chen Yi's clique of Zhejiangers, though some were former members of Chen Tiaoyuan's Anhui government. They will no doubt expect positions of prominence in addition to provincial autonomy should they join our government.
Of course, we can use all the help that we can get!
We must be selective about who we allow into our movement.
The Democratic Stronghold
Sometimes called the democratic island of China, we've recently brought Hunan into the fold. For over a decade the Province has been ruled by its Civilian Governor, Zhao Hengti. Soon after taking power in late 1920 one of his first actions was to foment the creation and implementation of Hunan's Provincial Constitution. Since it was implemented on January 1st, 1922, Zhao has been a notable name in the Federalist Movement. Even while a part of the Zhili clique, and unable to outright join the Grand Republican Alliance, Zhao used his position to soften the Zhili against the GRA, acting as a legal front for us in many ways.\n\nHowever he is not Hunan's only name in the movement. Most famously in 1932 Huang Yanpei fled Shanghai and found himself in Changsha, and has operated from there for the last few years. And locally the FCDP is uniquely able to stand on its own, led by Zhou Shizhao, a harsh critic of Zhao's who would want him removed as Governor. Hunan's decade as the Federalist experiment has caused it to develop quite a robust civilian apparatus, one that could be of assistance to us.\n\nBut that's not the entire story, Zhao's remained Governor not just due to his civilian apparatus, but because of the Xiang Army. While nowhere near apolitical or lacking opinions, it has been accepting of Zhao being a civilian first and the growing civilian control over the local army. While only a small few of the commanders are truly Federalists, the army as a whole would be an excellent addition to our ranks, allowing us to rely less on our more unsavoury generals.\n\nOur resources are limited however, and we can't recruit everyone, so we'll need to make a choice between Hunan's civilian apparatus or the Xiang Army commanders.
Hunan's civilian apparatus is its greatest strength, we should use it.
Hunan only survived this long due to the Xiang Army, we should repay them in kind.
Entering the King's Domain
The bastion of the Southwest and the kingdom of the Republicans has finally fallen to [ROOT.GetNameDef]'s armies. And with it, the inheritance of a muddied political structure and dynamic prime for exploitation, or to undermine any stable rulership within the province. With the fall of Tang Jiyao, a Pandora's Box of politics has unravelled before [ROOT.GetLeader] and his administration, and it is crucial that a stable provincial policy be implemented.\n\nFor all of his faults, Tang Jiyao presents himself as perhaps an unabashed foregone conclusion. In any other ambition for the Federalist project within Yunnan, it would be doomed to failure without Tang carrying it. Arguably the most prominent Federalist leader on the national level, his more pragmatic outlook on the ideology penned with Zhang Taiyan, one of its intellectual founders, has seen his interpretation be that of a conservative yet progressive one. Marred by a political career of sacrifice, he is nonetheless too big of a name to refuse. Tied together, the local new style democrats are a natural addition to defang some of Tang's authoritarian inclinations.\n\nThe real question is whether to expand the provincial administration to include some of Tang's detractors, or his enemies. Long Yun's clique of Kuomintang sympathetic Beiyang aides and staffers, for example, or Hu Ruoyu and his pull amongst the gentry classes. Whilst their incorporation would posit a stronger national movement, it would open up Yunnanese politics to become another powder-keg of instability.
Yunnan's Federalism is Tang's game, not their's.
They were only acting for the sake of their province.
Breaking Qian from Dian
Perhaps the black spot of the Southwest, Guizhou's domestic politics has always been married to those of its stronger, wealthier, and more influential neighbours: Hunan, Yunnan, Sichuan, and Guangxi. Once long dominated by the Liu clan, based out of Xingyi and tenuously backed by the Yunnan Clique, Guizhou had found itself enwrapped in the chaotic inertia of the Warlord Era, and until recently was de-facto split in half.\n\nThrust into the chaos of Xinhai, invaded by Tang Jiyao with the aide of Liu Xianshi (and on behalf of Cai E), the subsequent rulership by Liu would see Guizhou's political scene settle on battlelines within the Guizhou clique. The Old Xingyi Clique, led by the Liu family, and the New Xingyi Clique led by Yuan Zuming. In addition there is the Tongzi Clique, the gentry, the Constitutionalists, the functionally dead New Guizhou Clique, and others.\n\nWhilst the Old Guizhou Clique harkens towards the era of Xinhai reformers, at least in spirit, a split has occurred within the present occupation's mandate of which local power player to empower. Presently on the field there exists Yuan Zuming's eclectic New Xingyi Clique with its tepid ties to the Young China Party and the Federalist project, alongside Zhou Xicheng's insidious Tongzi Clique. Another option is that of the Liu clan under Liu Xianqian, an ancient man with bad blood against Yuan, but ultimately expected to not amount to much. Or the middle of the road option, the Constitutionalists under Ren Kecheng, who have sat in the back wings of politics since their heyday in Xinhai, but would likely upset local politics to a tense degree.
The Patriot and the Executioner guarantee progress.
Liu Xianqian and his clan are malleable.
The Constitutionalists will ensure civilian primacy.
Federalism's Cadres in the Red River Basin
With the fall of Chongqing in the past few days, it has been advised that officials should be sent to Sichuan to start laying the groundwork for self-governance. The capture of this hub has brought many interest groups and past federalist advocates to our attention, the main proponent being Xiong Kewu's clique of officers that have emerged from hiding.\n\nXiong, for his part, championed federalism as early as the 1920s, though his influence has faded up until now due to the particularly hostile attitudes towards this ideal in the intervening years. With Xiong also comes a mix of progressive thinkers who have opened up to the federal model, headed by Zhang Lan. Naturally, their incorporation as local and national actors is a foregone conclusion.\n\nThe more pressing concern is the presence of other political figures who are less devoted to federalism's cause. Sichuan's infamously fragmented nature has resulted in many petty warlords holding out in their own jurisdictions, the main heads being generals Liu Wenhui, Deng Xihou and Li Jiayu, who have all recently aimed to promote an agenda more open to the federalist goal, though suspicions remain about their devotion to the movement as a whole. With their main connection to the Young China Party, itself an old force founded in Sichuan, these men are privy to the Federalist cause, albeit deviate on ideology in some areas — leaving much division on their acceptance into government.
Putting on a suit does not wash you of your sins.
Their reorientation may have saved them just yet.
In the Land of Rivers and Valleys
Perhaps comparable only to Hunan in its national repute for a highly militaristic provincial culture, Guangxi's landscape and people equally represent its war-torn history. As the common Guangxi saying goes: \
You'd scant find an honest Federalist here...
We can be magnanimous, if only a little.
Old Allies and the Crown Jewel
And it has been done, the army's grand campaign has won it perhaps the finest city in the Southwest, except for perhaps Hong Kong. The Shining Light on the Pearl River Delta, Guangzhou, has long been the seat of all major Southern Governments during the Warlord Era. Hosting all manner of officials within its urban sprawl, such as Sun Yat-sen, Cen Chunxuan, Chen Jiongming, Tang Jiyao, Tang Shaoyi, Hu Hanmin, Wang Jingwei, and many more. Considering to be the Southern equivalent to Nanjing, or Beijing, in terms of projecting national power, its seizure by [ROOT.GetLeader] has all but legitimised his authority in the Southwest.\n\nNaturally however, with the induction of Guangzhou and its surrounding territories into his administration, [ROOT.GetLeader] has been left with... what some would consider a mixture of loose friends and gaping wounds making their acquaintances once again. On the road to Federalism, there has perhaps been as few an assortment of staunch defenders of its values, or more sincerely, of Chen Jiongming, than that of the Yue Army.\n\nLed by Ye Ju and staffed by individuals close to their Old Chief, namely the Haifeng Clique, they have managed to persist in perpetuity due to grit, determination, a little bit of luck, and a few less than glorious deals. However, it is only natural that the Yue Clique and Army be incorporated into the new administration.\n\nFor his part, Chen Jiongming has signalled that he seeks not field command, instead opting to retain himself to politics. The question left on the table is: how wide do we open the door for them?
Only the pure, vet them all for... importance.
The whole Yue Clique are gallant warriors for Federalism.
Election Campaigning Begins
It has been a long time since China has held nation-wide elections. In half a year (in some provinces earlier than that), the Chinese people will head to the polls and cast their votes in local assemblies, who will then select candidates at higher levels of government. Already, political activists and operators have descended on the provinces, canvassing for competitive districts to sway for their patrons. Spirits seem high, the people more energised - dare we hope this will be the most democratic election yet?\n\nThe race will fundamentally be more about winning over local assemblies and political machines than the common masses, but a popular mandate does not hurt. Neither of the two major sides has a fully developed national campaigning infrastructure and will be reliant on local parties and civic groups to help them over the line. The Presidential Candidates, [UPC_GetGRAPartyLeader] of the Grand Republican Alliance and [UPC_GetCDLPartyLeader] of the China Democratic League, unlike their predecessors in the Beiyang system, will be slightly more proactive in campaigning - travelling around the country to secure the votes they need.\n\nThey are hardly alone in this race however. Various third parties are contending for local seats and the well established [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour] and YCP are expected to field the greatest challengers to the two-party system, as will the maligned socialists who will cause disruption despite oppression. A host of favourite-son independents may also prove difficult to unseat in their political heartlands. Hanging over the race is the possibility of democratic backsliding, and observers are watching closely at the [UPC_GetSTAPartyName] to see if they will respect the process.\n\nWith such a great influx of first-time political campaigners, many of them students and intellectuals, the political mood in the nation can be hard to gauge. Slowly but surely, it becomes apparent that...
...momentum is on the side of the GRA!
...the CDL is gaining initiative!
The National Assembly Inaugurated
National assembly elections went ahead as planned, and far from perfect it seems the system largely held. Local assemblies sent a new batch of legislators to [UPC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and while some votes continue to be disputed in court they will not disrupt proceedings. Just holding elections perceived as reasonably fair is a victory to the Federalist movement, but there remains plenty of work to be done ahead.\n\nAfter Presidential elections conclude, a new government will need to be formed and a Prime Minister appointed with the support of a legislative majority. This may not be the easiest task given how fractured China has become. A failure for the legislature to work with the President to accomplish his agenda in a reasonable timeframe may lead to a backsliding into authoritarianism, as has happened multiple times in the past. And there will always be those who question how genuinely representative the government is.\n\nWhat all do know is that the ultimate President will be chosen from among the victors of China's unification wars - a source of grumbling among the defeated and late-comers. And given China's recent history with autocracy, might that be the more important election of the two?
And now it is time for the backroom dealing to begin.
The [GetYear] Presidential Elections
The Presidential election has arguably been the most anticipated part of this election cycle. While various constitutions and other laws have sought to turn China into a parliamentary system, in practice China has always been Presidential in nature. And few Presidents have willingly left office.
Afterwards, the new President will be expected to create a working government. Coalition talks are already underway between the third parties and the two camps, as the Presidential prospects seek to not only win support for themselves, but also their choice of Prime Minister.
$UPC.federalelections.002.intro$\n\nThe President is to be chosen indirectly, with the national assembly voting on China's next head of state. Although formal political parties in China have proliferated over the past decade or so, party loyalty remains limited among the rank and file. There will be plenty of opportunities for horse-trading with party leaders and to secure opportune defectors.\n\n$UPC.federalelections.002.closer$
$UPC.federalelections.002.intro$\n\nThe President is to be chosen directly, with millions of Chinese voters casting ballots for their preferred candidate. With leaders of the larger political parties wisely sitting out of the race in face of pressure, the vote will be won by one of two men. It has taken some time for the vote to be tabulated, however a new President is expected to be announced soon.\n\n$UPC.federalelections.002.closer$
Congratulations to [UPC_GetGRAPartyLeader]!
[UPC_GetCDLPartyLeader] is victorious!
Assembly Elections Postponed Indefinitely
After the exhausting first Federal elections, the Chinese political establishment had little appetite for another round of campaigning. Three years have passed and elections would normally be scheduled in a few months. However, there has been little movement in that direction over the past few weeks: no open campaigning or major candidate announcements.\n\nFinally, the nation's leaders cautiously broke the silence. [UPC_GetGRAPartyLeader], [UPC_GetCDLPartyLeader], and other senior leaders of major parties announced a joint decision to delay the next assembly election until after Chinese unification is complete - a controversial but perhaps understandable decision. There have been some protests over the delay, with opponents pointing to the suspension of the 1933 Assembly Elections as the clearest sign of the Zhili clique's reneging of their liberal promises after their initial unification.
An unfortunate reality for our nation.
Changing Politics in China
With the unification of the nation, China has undergone tremendous change. Militarily, politically, socially, and culturally, the Second Sino-Japanese War and (hopefully final) conclusion of the Warlord Era has irrevocably pushed the nation into a new era. It has become increasingly apparent that the Federalist Movement will be the ultimate victors in China's quest for unification.\n\nAs a result, national politics has been reshaped around the proclivities expected of a new Federalist order. The Grand Republican Alliance and China Democratic League have evolved from unwieldy electoral blocs into parties with far more cohesive national identities, consolidating their hold on the new republic.\n\nYet they are not alone in their evolution. Various parties, civic groups, and individual politicians have all begun to work on finding their footing within the new political system. Associations beget formal political parties, Independents stand their ground or join coalitions, and parties adapt their programs to the new system. On a higher level, entire movements have begun to adjust to the new realities on the ground.\n\nAs China transitions into a new epoch, the rapid changes have become increasingly hard for the establishment to control. Various groups stubbornly refuse to bend, holding true to their ideals of previous political environments. Others have changed so rapidly that they've become utterly unrecognisable - the Zongshe, for example, have transitioned into a noble and Manchu rights party. Whatever the case may be, China's thinkers and politicians will not wait to have their voices heard.
We walk hand in hand, to a brighter Federal future!
And yet, we cannot welcome all of you on the journey.
The Left Reorganises
Deprived of their revolution, the radical left have grown destitute as they grapple with their raison d'etre in this new era. Devoid of any meaningful way of battling the bourgeoisie order, the fractious movement now battles disintegration as their leaders spin out in a variety of directions.\n\nThe League of Chinese Syndicalists, one of the hallmarks of leftist cooperation, has dissolved - their anarchist, Marxist, and syndicalist components scattering into irrelevance. The Chinese Syndicalist Party has proven to be the only organisation resilient enough to endure on a significant scale, fighting to evade censorship and suppression.\n\nThe Kuomintang have similarly found themselves in poor shape as unification rips the party apart. Moderate and flexible figures such as Wang Jingwei and Gu Mengyu on the left and Sun Fo, Yang Yongtai, and Ju Zheng on the right have made overtures to the new government, offering to renounce violent revolution and participate in elections if the KMT is legalised. Hardliners such as Deng Yanda, Song Qingling, Hu Hanmin, and Dai Jitao have remained ever vigorous in their attacks on the Federal republic either through a continued violent military struggle or verbose diatribes deconstructing every facet of the new China.\n\nIn the ashes, various splinter groups have formed no longer beholden to the old central committee. Chen Mingshu's People's Productive Party, Tan Pingshan and Zhang Bojun's Chinese Democratic Peasants' and Workers' Party, and the fringe Revolutionary League of Sunism have all attempted to participate in politics without the KMT deadweight. Some radicals will never accept the republic, with socialist guerrillas fighting on in vain hoping that the inescapable tide of history will soon bring world revolution to China.\n\nThe days of revolution may be over, but whether its principles will fade away into the fringe or moderate into the mainstream may be determined in the first years of the republic.
If they are genuinely popular, they may participate.
Fool me once, shame on you...
The Heirs of Liang Qichao
Liang Qichao and Kang Youwei's reformist movement has had a long-standing influence on Chinese politics. Kang was the older and more conservative of the two, advocating for a constitutional monarchy. Liang diverged from Kang, arguing for a constitutional centralised state upon which the nation would be strong enough to assert itself on the world stage. Oscillating between the right and left, he insisted that authoritarianism and autocracy only be used in limited circumstances to push progress. Liang ultimately remained a stalwart of Chinese reformism and constitutionalism.\n\nFollowing his death, Liang left a scattered set of political descendants. His ally and colleague, Xu Qin, succeeded Liang as leader of the Chinese Constitutionalist Party in 1929 and took it in a more stridently conservative direction. This fomented a split in the CCP and his protege Xu Xianzi has organised a \
Zhang Junmai was the closest to Liang at his death...
The Constitutionalists were his lasting legacy!
Only Young China proved to innovate beyond the past.
20th Century Chinese Liberalism
Among intellectual circles, the Chinese Liberal was supposed to be a beacon of resolute ideals and unwavering in their belief in democracy. But they found themselves either powerless against the tide of militarism or forced to compromise on their beliefs in order to see progress.\n\nThis was most evidently seen in the case of Hu Shih, the iconic \
Progressivism finds its place under the Liberals!
Business Interests and Anti-Partisanship soars high!
Neither the GRA or CDL can be trusted with democracy!
A New Age in the Provinces
Observers, both international and local, have naturally focused on the broad, sweeping changes in Chinese national politics. Major party congresses, changes in party doctrines, the emergence of a new generation of charismatic politicians, and the construction of a democracy in the most populous nation on the planet. But the regional politics in China remain crucially important - perhaps even more so now that China is a Federalist republic.\n\nThis new federalism takes a  different form than that of the High Warlord Era. The larger warlords have been largely destroyed or subjugated; their power and independence curled by the Central Army and Federal laws. Still, for the warlords that remain - both those great warlords who cleverly chose the right side and those many petty and local warlords which the new government depended upon to stabilise their rule - their institutional connections and soft power allow them to endure.\n\nThe power of the Central Government, despite the efforts of the regionalist and anarchist oriented branches of the Federalist Movement, has not been broken. Statism remains, empowered by the dual arms of the central government bureaucracy and the central army. Some of its components were constructed by the Federalists themselves, built out of the core that united the country. Others were merely inherited from the Beiyang system it had toppled.\n\nThe ancient \
Only the military can safeguard the Republic!
Federalism must be protected by its Regionalists!
The [GETYear] Federal Elections
Yesterday the final polls closed across China. Representatives from constituencies around the nation will be arriving in [UPC.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and be sworn in as a new national assembly takes office in the coming weeks.\n\nAs expected, President [ROOT.GetLeader] and his allies won a majority, benefiting from institutional inertia and a muzzled opposition. Other parties and independents made pushes to win some competitive seats, almost all outside of the [UPC.GetRulingParty]'s heartlands, to varying degrees of success and suppression.\n\nThere have been some glimmers of hope for a political thaw and the various other parties have celebrated the small victories they have won. But in some ways that feels worse to the idealists, because that means this arrangement may go one indefinitely as the democrats submit to this new reality.
The opposition notches a few token victories.
The [UPC.GetRulingParty] continue to assert their dominance.
The Campaign Touches Down in Sichuan
Entering into the Red River Basin, the fractured politics of the local Sichuanese diorama has reflected itself within national politics. Considered to be the main progenitors of the Sichuan China Democratic League, Zhang Lan and Xian Ying have hitched their local variation of the movement to that of the local Officer Department under the auspices of Li Jiayu and Luo Zezhuo in order to stand a chance against the highly militarised factions of the area. Similarly, Zhang and Xian retain ties to Yang Sen and Liu Xiang's Accelerated Department branches, and during the transition from regional politicking to Federal Province, even the Baoding Department have found themselves within the CDL - perhaps if only to spite the Old Federalists.\n\nActing as the centrepiece of the Federalist movement however is Xiong Kewu, his Gang of Nine, and the Sichuan Provincial Federal Autonomy Preparation Office. In the past Xiong has had to make arrangements with the local Kuomintang cells and other radicals to stay afloat, and maintains their tepid support.\n\nThe third major force in Sichuanese politics is that of the various non-Federalist parties, most pressingly being that of the Young China Party. Their home province, they have an undisputed amount of strength in the local area, capturing the strong Zhili-YCP alliance of the interwar. Amongst the interregnum lies a series of local peasant and agrarian parties, mainly the Chinese Peasants' Liberal Party led by He Lu and Hu Wenlan, and the Chinese Peasants' Party led by Professor Dong Shijin (an outgrowth of his Chinese Agricultural Reform Association). Neither are keen to cooperative, with the CPLP leaning to the left, and the CPP to the right.\n\nFinally there persists the little-known Chinese Self-Strengthening Society, allied with the Chinese Democratic Party founded by Chongqing journalist Hou Yejun. Aspiring to join the CDL, they ultimately failed. Extensively dominated by secret societies, they are anti-bureaucratic, and retain a niche for their unique rural and social reconstruction proposals.
It would appear warlords can in-fact wear suits...
Xiong rallies the flag of Federalism once again!
The YCP and the Minor Parties carve out a victory!
Peninsular Politics in Shandong
Long dominated by domineering warlords, Shandong Province's provincial politics finds itself isolated from the broader political scene. With the excising of militarist influence, the various local political groups have found themselves scrambling to fill the void in the new Federal Republic.\n\nThe \
The Residence and the GRA restore harmony to Shandong!
The Club and the CDL bring progress for all!
The Tongren Club manages to rally for stability!
In the Home of the Zhili
As elections once again immerse the seat of China's many governments, the Federalists of the South have found themselves to be rather locked out of the cut-throat world of [GetVictoryPointName_9843] politics.\n\nWith a tacit political alliance hinging on their preservation of the Confucian Good People and State Socialist model, the remnants of the civilian wing of Wu Peifu's Luoyang Group (The Political Affairs and Secretariat Departments) have emerged into a political alliance with the national Young China Party branch. Joined by the premier [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long], the makeshift grouping connects all avenues of [GetVictoryPointName_9843]'s political life.\n\nFunctioning in the uneasy middle-ground of a Gentleman's Republic, the various Independents and other Republican groups have amassed together in a cordon sanitaire with the Grand Republican Alliance to attempt to cleave back anti-partisan politics. Formed through agreement of the Endeavour Society, Political Science Clique, New Naval Society, Autonomous Movement Comrades Association and followers of Yang Du and Liu Shipei, the fractured union hinges its support on anti-partisan and nominally Federalist politics.\n\nRunning counter to both aforementioned groupings is the China Democratic League's main flag bearer in the North - Shen Junru's National Salvation Federation. Joined by the likes of Jiang Kanghu's New Social Democratic Party of China, the Democracy and Science Forum, China Vocational Education Society, Rural Reconstruction Association and Li Dazhao's Chinese Syndicalist Party, they represent the leftist and populist front against perceived injustices enacted upon the Chinese people.\n\nFinally, scattered amongst the winds are the remnants of the Harmony Association, Prosperity League, Jingxing Society, and the Jinbao Group. Down but certainly not out, they retain much of the functionaries and bureaucracy of the old government, and clutch onto an entrenched position within Zhili province. Naturally their deposition would destabilise things in Zhili.
The Good People's Government lives on in the Luoyang-YCP-[UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour] coalition!
Huang Fu and Hu Shih swing towards Anti-Partisanship and the GRA!
Progress and Democracy are not dead under the CDL!
The Establishment ensures stability and prosperity!
Henan and the Jade Marshal's Court
Long a battleground amongst bandits and warlords armies, Henan has seen only relative stability and peace during the Warlord Era. With its administration commonly fraught as the crossroads between Beijing and Wuhan, it has been torn apart more often than kept together. Yet in recent times, under Governor Li Jichen of the Officers Faction of Wu Peifu's Luoyang Group, it has witnessed a sense of stability, but not prosperity.\n\nHome to Wu Peifu's Luoyang base of operations, Henan retained a sense of rigorous and enforced discipline, even in daily civilian life. Firmly entrenched within Provincial Politics, the Officers Faction, Political Affairs Department, and Secretariat Faction have all put aside their differences to present a united Luoyang front within provincial politics. Presenting themselves as privy to the people's interests, and even harkening to the heyday of Good People's Governance, Li Jichen has managed to co-opt the Zhili's political movement into one of his own.\n\nIntermixed within the Zhili's officer core, academies, and Luoyang faction itself lies the Young China Party. Whilst not as strong it is in perhaps Jiangsu, Shanxi, Zhili or Sichuan, they have managed to broker a strained deal with the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long], and rather curiously the Grand Republican Alliance, to pose a somewhat serious threat against Luoyang's dominance.\n\nWith the GRA managing to break their way politically into the north, the China Democratic League has been left to scramble for local peasant and agrarian groups to run tally with. Bundled together are the various local independents, hoping to retain their limited influence. Rather strangely, remnants of the Guominjun's occupation of Henan have sprung up, with Zhang Guotao's long-standing Dabie Mountain insurgency emerging from hiding. Presenting a leftist option for local politics, any ushering of these various radicals, now tied to the CDL, into power would see a great destabilisation of local politics.
Li Jichen inherits the Jade Marshal's mantle!
Young China, the Constitutionalists, and the GRA bring change!
The CDL-CSP-GMJ alliance shakes up the province!
Elections in the Guangdong Thunderdome
The Southern Chinese Piedmont, Guangdong province has long been the centre of various oppositional governments, and as such has had its local politics be upended numerous times. Politically dynamic, it ebbed and flowed as the waves of revolution, reformism, and militarism swept across it. A major nucleus of the Federalist movement, many of its bureaucrats are drawn from the province.\n\nLargely the seat of power of Chen Jiongming and his movement, the strained peasant-gentry oriented Public Interest Party has found itself in the highlight of the new Federalist Republic. Tied together are the leftists and rightists of the PIP, with various independent warlords-turned-statesmen such as Deng Benyin (with his stranglehold on Qiongya) and Hong Zhaolin (holding Chaomei).\n\nTransitioning to Guangdong as their base of operations following Sun Chuanfang's post 1932 crackdown on leftist operations, Zhang Junmai and his various Left-Liangist Constitutionalists have found themselves at the top of the local China Democratic League branch. Under the auspices of regional head Xu Fulin, it has largely been a two-dog race between the Grand Republican Alliance under the PIP, and the CDL.\n\nRunning spoiler however is the Kuomintang contingent within the province. Always a major hotbed of revolutionary sentiment, they remain a concern for local parliamentarian parties. With rural insurgents, urban proletariat, and an anarchist movement to boot, some of the KMT have splintered off from the main branch to run for local office, but others have insisted on Dangguo.\n\nFinally serving as one-issue candidates are the Political Science Clique within the region, such as Lin Zhengxuan. Holding onto the hopes that they can act as kingmakers, they are joined by a resurgent Communications Clique cohort, and the locally dominant All Classes to Save Guangdong led by Chen Lianbo. Pulling on their connections to Tang Shaoyi, the first Prime Minister, they have made aspirations to the legacy of Old Revolutionaries, and the Republic of years past.
Public Interest corrals Guangdong to victory!
A New China is brought under the CDL.
Political Science and Chen Lianbo seize their birthright...
Radicalism seizes Guangdong once more!
Jiangsu: The Tiger's Den
Once the seat of the Smiling Tiger, Nanjing has been the site of many pivotal moments in Chinese history, and as the esteemed Southern Capital, has become a battleground for the various political parties and associations in the new Federal Republic. Whilst it was once a fairly popular hotspot for Federalist ideology, tied with Shanghai and Zhejiang as as a sort of intellectual hub for the movement, it was largely reduced in stature following the Shanghai Uprising.\n\nHowever, that doesn't necessarily mean the movement is dead in the region. With various moderates and independent republicans privy towards the overtures of the Grand Republican Alliance, the old Su Society (a gentry based civilian local autonomy offshoot) has seen a sort of proto-revival in arrangement with the GRA. Whilst not united internally, and far from the forefront of provincial politics, they are keen to cooperate with the Old Federalists.\n\nOn the opposite aisle stands various China Democratic League groups, united under the leadership of some of its most premier statesmen. On a local level, the widely respected Ma Xulun's China Association for Promoting Democracy stands tall, in conjunction with the infamous Zhang Junmai and his Democratic Socialist Party, and the revered Huang Yanpei and the China Democratic National Construction Association and China Vocational Education Society. Drawing the Jiangnan Consortium under the Rong brothers due to their pro-Industrialisation stance and Zhang Dongsun's banker connections, their ticket has seen a rare union of gentry, banker, peasant and proletariat, not unlike Sun Chuanfang's own political legacy.\n\nFinally running as spoiler candidates are various assorted groups of independents or otherwise relatively minor political players in the province. Ex-affiliates of the Zhili patronage network such as Yang Wenkai, splitters from the Jiangnan Consortium, Jingxing Society under Li Linsi, the Young China Party under Li Baozhang, and even the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long] have all put forward candidates.
The Su Society and the GRA fulfil their promises.
Business connections and Idealism propel the CDL!
Jingxing, Young China, the Constitutionalists, and the Zhili split Jiangsu.
Hunan and the Federal Example
Campaigning has picked up in the Province of Hunan. The GRA has a local star in Zhao Hengti and his People's Renewal Society. Zhao, having been Governor for over a decade, has notable connections amongst the Gentry and Political establishment, and has been mobilising them in an effort to get voters to vote for the GRA candidates in Hunan.\n\nHis more conservative bent however has opened his left flank for the CDL to exploit. Zhou Shizhao, who led the FCDP and now leads the CDL in Hunan, has been using his leftist credentials to gain support of progressive and labour focused voters. At the same time there is Huang Yanpei, though now seen as a national figure, who has spent several years building up schools and the China National Democratic Construction Association (now a component of the CDL) in Hunan. Now he's using that build up to mobilise support for the CDL, forming a firmly left wing opposition to Zhao's PRS.\n\nWhile mainly dominated by the two main Parties, Hunan also has three third parties. First is the Xiangxi Autonomy Association, largely built around Chen Quzhen and Shen Congwen, and is focused on Xiangxi particularism. Second is the YCP, the Hunan branch being led by Zuo Shunsheng, who has been trying to capture votes from nationalists and conservatives dissatisfied with Zhao and Chen. Finally there is the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour] centred around Tang Hualong. While weakened due to the departure of Tang Xiangming, Tang Hualong has managed to carve out a political niche of his own in Hunan using his old ties and personal star power, becoming the main third party of the Province.
Zhao Hengti's PRS comes ahead as the DCP snag seats from the CDL.
Zhou Shizhao and the CDL come first as the YCP eats away at Zhao's right-wing.
Tang Hualong wins a thin plurality via alliances with Shen and Zuo.
Challenge to the King of Hubei
Originally the seat of the Wuchang Uprising, and the ignition point of the Xinhai Uprising, Hubei provincial politics has found itself far detached and removed from its heyday as the spontaneous hotbed of a nation changing revolution. With many of the Old Hubei Clique scattered into Yueyang (following Tang Xiangming and Hualong), they have largely been reduced to irrelevancy following the installation of Xiao Yaonan as Governor.\n\nRiding off of the coattails of Wang Zhanyuan and his disastrous rule, Xiao proved to be a resilient and resolute member of the Zhili. Mediating conflicts between Wu Peifu and Cao Kun, he became a crucial linchpin of its southern flank, even if briefly defecting after the Second ZhiFeng. Under his rule, he took great precautions to cooperate with both civilian and military elements of the province, constructing the \
Xiao and the General Corps shuts down dissent.
Down with the King of Hubei!
Anhui and the Affairs of Two Cliques
Site of the Wuhu Massacre, and a prominent province of the League of Eight Provinces, Anhui has both seen the birth of two Cliques, and is the cornerstone of the Anti-Concessionist movement led by Shi Liangcai. That is to go without saying the premier status that Chen \
Revival of the Anqing Clique?
Can Anhui live on in the DSF?
To the surprise of all, the CDL's gambit pulls off!
Zhejiang and the Clash of Kingmakers
Part of China's economic heartland along the Yangtze, Zhejiang was ruled by the Zhili Clique during the 1930s. Through the Civil War, Zhejiang has remained a stronghold for the Southern Zhili social order, with Chu Fucheng leading the Zhejiang Autonomy Movement. Folding his organisation into the Grand Republican Alliance, he has established a leading electoral bloc in Zhejiang, allying with ex-Governor Chen Yi's ex-Zhili remnants as well as the YCP who retain a presence from prominent local military officers.\n\nSome in the ZAM have not chosen to side with the GRA, with a select few opting to invite several former Anhui Clique officers and the Recovery League to participate. The ZAM's young guard has also broken ranks to side with Zhang Junmai's DSP. He too has thrown his hat into the race in Zhe, with Zhang Junmai's friend Zhang Dongsun being very eager to win over his home province. The Jiangnan Consortium has also endorsed Zhang Junmai due to their shared industrialisation aspirations, as well as Zhang Dongsun's financial connections.\n\nOn top of the DSP, the CDL also has Ma Xulun's China Association for Promoting Democracy organisation operating in the province. Beyond the efforts of Ma and Zhang, Huang Yanpei and the China Democratic National Construction Association and China Vocational Education Society have put considerable effort into the province. Together, the CDL hopes that Ma, Huang, and Zhang's efforts will result in an electoral victory for them in such a key battleground province.\n\nAt the edges of the political mainstream lies the Kuomintang, who still hold considerable sway. Dai Jitao, alongside the Zhejiang Revolutionary Comrades Society, was composed of KMT members from the province, and many of the most radical within the party have called Zhejiang their homeland. While disliked by most, Dai and the Chen brothers have the support of local radicals and some bankers through the CC Clique's financial ties in the region, and organised crime and socialist remnants are rumoured to be in cohorts with Dai Chunfeng.
A victory for the Progressive Alliance!
Chen Yi and Chu Fucheng hold the line!
Ashes of the Fengtian Clique
Centrepiece of the Old Marshal's Empire, Fengtian province bears with it the sins of his multiple decade long tenure in Dongbei. With feuding between the Zhang Clique and its ingratiated sub-factions such as Shaoshuai, or Heilongjiang, alongside the Shikan Clique of Yang Yuting, Recovery League and Anhui Remnants of Wang Yitang, the Communications Clique of Cao Rulin, the Concordia Association and all other minor groupings within the Fengtian Clique, it has been truly sundered by the deposition of all established military power within the province.\n\nIn its wake however, it is not the Grand Republican Alliance, or China Democratic League that have managed to broker a political front, but the remnants of the old order. Namely, the Young China Party have sprung into action, utilising their local Headquarters in various military academies (primarily the Fengtian Army Lecture Hall) to boost their popularity amongst ex-soldiers and Northern Intelligentsia. Collaborating with ex-Fengtian warlords, the Communications Cliques, and the Recovery League, they have managed to co-opt a large amount of Fengtian's political legitimacy, only making vague allegories to the Grand Republican Alliance at the most.\n\nWith the ultimately unstable occupation of the province, many of the army's most outspoken militarists have opted to maintain the military occupation. Whilst on the surface such a move reads as chivalrous reconstruction of a war-torn region, many idealists are opposed to such a manoeuvre seeing it as a mere play to ensure the Young China Party and Fengtian's establishment doesn't recoup their losses.\n\nIn a rather odd turn of events, one Fengtian General, a man by the name of Zhou Yawei, has set himself apart in becoming something of a dark horse candidate. Reconstituting the Xinhai era Restoration Society with his wife Yin Ruizhi, of which he was a member of originally, it is vaguely nationalistic, republican, and ultimately unaligned.
Young China's Coalition dominates the province...
Prolong the military occupation!
The Restoration Society...wins?
Jiangxi and the Radical Remnant
One half of the centrepiece of a long-standing socialist insurgency, Jiangxi has never been a particularly prosperous or stable province following the conclusion of the Northern Expedition. Jiangxi suffered and lamented in light of the MinGan Insurgency, and despite encirclement campaigns, the situation never improved up until the uprising occurred. Yet with the new Federalist Republic, the political situation has been rejuvenated with a breath of relative fresh air.\n\nUnder Governor Chen Guangyuan, a local autonomy movement had found itself resolute within Jiangxi. Hoping to revitalise the war-torn province, it attempted to draft its own Provincial Autonomy Act, and Constitution. Ultimately however, the Jiangxi Autonomous Movement was fractured, and powerless against the military force imposed by the likes of Chen and others. Deposed following Sun Yat-sen's first Northern Expedition, Chen's ejection would not see the Autonomy Movement rise much as \
The more things change, the more things stay the same.
Xu Deyuan and the Left-CDL strike it hot!
Guangxi and the Federal Ideal
A province wrought with banditry and turmoil since the twilight of the Qing, Guangxi has responded to such strife with equal amounts of heavy militarisation, and various local regional cliques captivating and drawing upon such military strength to supplement its comparative lack in wealth.\n\nNot only that, Guangxi is home to the largest gathering of the Zhuang minority, being the original indigenous peoples of the province. Surviving from the Tang onwards until the Qing, the Zhuang have seen their rise and fall in terms of regional power and militaristic culture. With the dawn of the Qing's last days, many Zhuang peasantry took part in the Xinhai Revolution as part of the Tongmenghui and further in the Kuomintang, including the likes of Wei Baqun. Similarly, they have enjoyed local protections and autonomy, in-part because of key Old Guangxi officials such as Lu Rongting and Tan Haoming being of ethnicity, and even Cen Chunxuan and Lu Dao are of the minority.\n\nWhilst both the Grand Republican Alliance and China Democratic League have a major presence due to the crucial nature of Guangxi within Federalist history, they are largely reliant upon major warlords of the region. The Public Interest Party for their part, is led by Lei Rongke in the region, and has received support from the Old Guangxi Lin Hu. On the opposite aisle, the CDL has seen patronage from ex-warlord and PSC member Liu Zhenhuan, alongside independent intellectuals such as Yu Songhu.\n\nAnd despite years of suppression, the Kuomintang remain somewhat active within the province almost entirely due to the sheer persistence of the New Guangxi Clique, albeit a token amount of leftists under Wei Baqun and Yu Zuobai operate locally around Baise. Appealing to those downtrodden and desperate for change, they have grown dangerously powerful. Almost too powerful, with some within the government signalling that the government should step in to prevent radicalism from upending the province.
Fervour from Guangdong waves over Guangxi!
Liu Zhenhuan and the CDL seize the province.
Kuomintang insurgents threaten electoral stability.
Yunnan and the Federalist Sword
The Saviours of the Republic, and the Kings of the Southwest, Yunnan Province has frequently punched above what its geographic nomenclature should entitle it to. Mountainous, poor, and wrought with bandits and opium, it nonetheless posed one of the most significant and glorious military forces of the whole Warlord Era. Home of the eponymous Yunnan Clique, which is practically synonymous with the region's Federalist movement, it is a bastion of the ideology. In conjunction, a large amount of minorities find themselves at home in Yunnan, and all equally clamour for a voice; the Yi, Bai, Lisu, Hani, Maonan, Tai, Hui, Va, Lahu, Naxi, Tibetans and others. Some are ingratiated, whilst others remain content with their isolation.\n\nWith the Federal elections announced, Yunnan has largely become a two-way race between the Yunnan Clique and the local opposition. With local commercial interests and gentry playing a large role in local politics, they have not always supported the Yunnan Clique blindly, and some have split to parley with the opposition in rather curious arrangements of peasant-populist and their would-be oppressor.\n\nHeavily tied to the Yunnan Clique is Tang Jiyao's People's Government Party. Buddhist-inspired and conservative-Federalist, they link their ideological inspiration to the legendary Zhang Taiyan. Compatible with local Liangists, they have managed to even swing some of the local Young China Party membership into their ranks.\n\nHowever, due to its past in offering protection to a series of intellectuals suppressed by the Central Government, the Yunnan Clique inadvertently gave rise to its own opposition within provincial party politics. Becoming the foundation of the Yunnan China Democratic League, Luo Longji and the (Tsinghua Branch of the) Crescent Moon Society, joined by home-grown moderate leadership from Su Honggang and Cun Shusheng have sported a left-liberal democratic front to counter the Yunnan Clique. Albeit their joining by latecomer ex-socialists such as Yang Yibo raises much to be desired by authorities.
The PGP and allies win, as expected.
Surprisingly, the CDL beat the opposition despite the odds.
Passing on the Guardianship of Jilin
Under the auspices of the \
Feng Zhanhai and the YCP bring a new democratic dawn!
Zhang Tingshu and the CSP provide real change!
Fujian and the Road to Federalism
One of China's most prideful and premier coastal provinces, Fujian has seen a fair heft of strife and chaos during the Warlord Era. Caged by a mountainous interior is a thriving coastal culture, and the progenitor of most Overseas Chinese descendants, all circling around the major coastal city of Fuzhou — seized by the Legations — and its naval tradition.\n\nFujian itself has not been particularly detached from the Federalist Movement, as in and around the early 1920s the Yue Army had occupied the region alongside the Kuomintang and other revolutionary groups, engaging in various anarchist influenced reforms to harrying yet popular success. In 1922, the Fujian Provincial Council issued a telegram announcing the drafting of a provincial constitution, and in 1925 implemented such a constitution, however with Duan Qirui, Zhou Mengren, and Sa Zhenbing's rebuttal of provincial efforts, the Federalist movement was declared a failure and the council was dissolved in 1926.\n\nWith a hefty and substantive occupation authority implemented, the Grand Republican Alliance has begun to co-opt some of the old membership of the Fujian Provincial Constitution Movement, and similarly the ex-Zhili bureaucracy of Zhou Yinren. The China Democratic League for their part has formed their Fujian Provincial committee with the rather controversial Lin Zhifu as its Chairman.\n\nEx-Kuomintang in affiliation, Lin had served in the New Fourth Army up until the Federalists moved unto Beijing. Joining the China Democratic League, he's considered a core of the far left of the group. Due to the nature of Fujian as one of the core regions of the MinGan Insurgency, it is infested with LKMT holdouts and sympathisers, with a lot of them continuing to fight on, however Lin has managed to pull a lot of them to buttress his support base in the region. Some are saying they join the CDL, others say they are \
The GRA and the Conservatives prevent disorder.
Sun Yat-sen's dream lives on in the CDL!
Shanxi: The Model Province
Serving as Governor effectively since 1911, Yan Xishan has controlled Shanxi for over 25 years before the Zhili collapse, with all politics centred around the \
Liang Huazhi and the Jin Remnant were a foregone conclusion.
Shang Zhen lands the GRA a solid win.
Zhao Pilian gives the CDL an upset victory.
Guizhou's Family Feud
Guizhou has long been torn between the political dynamics of the Southwest, albeit more often than not shackled to the affairs of Guangxi, Sichuan, Hunan, or most pressingly Yunnan. During the Xinhai Revolution it was dominated by two political factions — the reformist Constitutional Preparation Society and the revolutionary Self-Government Study Society — and with the invasion of Guizhou by Tang Jiyao (on orders of Cai E), the Constitutionalists were favoured, serving as the base for Guizhou's current day political makeup.\n\nHaving long been entrenched within Guizhou, the Liu Clan managed to secure their role as Guizhou's \
The Old Xingyi Clique reclaims leadership of Guizhou.
The New Xingyi Clique asserts their dominance.
The Tongzi Clique rally a disparate coalition for change.
Shaanxi: Political Science's Fiefdom
Shaanxi Province retains one of the richest histories in all of China. Home to Xi'an, it is considered one of the cradles of Chinese civilisation, with thirteen feudal dynasties establishing their capitals in the province from the Zhou dynasty to the Tang dynasty. Albeit for its historical importance, it has remained rather poor as is the nature of most interior provinces since the late Qing.\n\nEver since the Zhili's unification in the 1920s, it has effectively been split into two zones of influence. The South, and the capital of Xi'an, has been ruled by timid Zhili associate Governor Liu Zhenhua. A member of the Political Science Clique, he is their highest office holder in national politics. The North was ruled by Feng Yuxiang and his disparate Guominjun, rallying together in a desperate arrangement with Yan Xishan of Shanxi.\n\nFederalism itself has had a short stint in the province, with Anhui Clique member Chen Shufan of Shaanxi responding to fellow Anhui member Lu Yongxiang's suggestion to utilise the banner of  \
The PSC leverage their ties to secure Shaanxi.
Shaanxi's Federalists reunite for a new start.
Shaanxi's left coalesces into a working coalition.
Democracy in Xibei?
Xibei, signifying the Northwest of China, largely represents the three provinces of Qinghai, Ningxia and Gansu, of which Qinghai and Ningxia are some of the newer provinces within the nation. Long dominated by the Ma Clique, an assortment of Hui Warlords, they were actually historically three families but due to feuds and other dynamics have largely coalesced into the Qinghai Ma Clique, Ningxia Ma Clique, and Gansu Ma Clique. Whilst fairly regionalist, they remain staunchly Chinese and have commonly participated in national politics in an auxiliary role, such as their time with the Guominjun.\n\nXibei itself is a region full of ethnic, cultural, and religious diversity, and as a result, tension. Home to Tibetans, Hui, Han and Mongols, its politics are far less ideological and are far more personal, ethnic, or religious. Propagating Yihewani Islam, the Ma view it as a more moderate and patriotic interpretation, and have routinely suppressed the Sailaifengye and other Islamic Sects seen as secessionist, particularly those associated with Uyghurs in Xinjiang. A similar treatment can be witnessed for the Tibetans and Mongols in Qinghai, albeit within the Alxa League, Ma Hongbin has displayed a fairly light hand.\n\nWith surprise visits to Lanzhou, the leading candidates have brought renewed attention to the fairly remote area, but as such Xibei lacks completely in any sort of socialist or liberal ideological base. The FCDP of the past was able to set up a few small intellectual groups such as the Northwest Democratic Political Group and the Northwest Youth Anti-Imperialist Democratic Promotion Association, but many believed them to be failed endeavours.\n\nUltimately, with Xibei largely keeping to its disconnected and tribal life, the flowers of democracy may take time to bloom. Some have advocated merely working with local elders to ensure compliance and obedience, but other idealists have insisted upon laying the groundwork for a future democratic setup.
The candidates focus on ensuring the continued cooperation of Hui leaders.
The candidates attempt to build party infrastructure for the future.
Inner Mongolian Nationalism and the Federal Project
Inner Mongolia has seen considerable strife across the warlord era. Torn between its Chinese and Mongol identity, revolution and tradition, Federalism is a late comer to the divided pastoral steppe.\n\nIn the west, the KMT was the first to form an organised political party. Bai Yunti, one of Prince Gung's protégés and a KMT member, allied with the Mongolian Nationalist Party to form the Inner Mongolian Nationalist Party in Khalgan to unite various inner Mongolian revolutionaries. But the IMNP would later divide into three: the Kharachin Bai's \
The Leftist IMNP destabilises the region.
Mongolia can only survive under the MYA-YM-IMNP(SC) coalition!
Wu Heling and the MCRG reaches an unhappy compromise.
The EIMAC-GRA Alliance brings hope for the future!
Heilongjiang: The Icy Frontier
At the edges of China's Northeastern Frontier, Heilongjiang is an icy and inhospitable land that only a few call home. During the Warlord Era, Heilongjiang was under Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian Clique which had its homeland based in the Three Northeastern Provinces. Zhang sent his old friend Wu Junsheng to rule Heilongjiang as governor, who brought Wan Fulin and Ma Zhanshan as his deputies. Wu was largely uninterested in ruling, and left the job to his two subordinates.\n\nWith the fall of the Fengtian Clique and unification of China undertaken by [ROOT.GetLeader] and the Federalists, the ex-Fengtian administration has largely remained intact, with the Federal Government still attempting to consolidate all of China proper and reel in former warlord administrations. The Heilongjiang provincial government has largely sympathised with the Recovery and Communications Cliques composed of ex-Anhui Clique parliamentarians and officers.\n\nThe local military garrison, who continue to suppress local socialist guerillas, have indicated their preference for strong centralisation efforts across the Republic, with some being particularly fond of the YCP. Heilongjiang is also home to a sizable number of White Russian Emigrés, who fled due to the Russian Civil War and the Savinkov regime, and had extensive ties with the Fengtian establishment, thus increasing the hold of the Recovery League.\n\nThe GRA of [ROOT.GetLeader] has only a small connection to Duan Qirui and the Recovery League, but it is hoped that their partnership will be electorally fruitful. Separate from the titans of Heilongjiang politics, General Zhou Yawei and his wife Yin Ruizhi have established a minor party of their own, the rebuilt Restoration Society. Initially a Tongmenghui splinter, the Restoration Society is now a vaguely republican and nationalistic party centred around Zhou himself, and unaffiliated with either the GRA or CDL.
The Old Order remains intact.
A win for the upstarts!
Political Duels and the Future of Taiwan
Having been occupied by Japan since the conclusion of the First Sino-Japanese War, Taiwan has seen a long period of separation from the Chinese mainland, yet such a period was fraught with resistance. A series of movements demanding that Taiwan rejoin China, or otherwise receive home rule cropped up, ultimately manifesting in the formation of the Taiwanese Cultural Association led by Lin Xiantian and Jiang Weishui. Progressive in outlook, it gradually radicalised leading to its disbandment after Japanese arrests of members.\n\nWith the Kuomintang adjacent Taiwanese People's Party being founded by Jiang on his shift leftwards, the conservatives within the TWA left to form the Taiwanese Alliance for Home Rule under Lin Xiantian, an admirer of Liang Qichao. In essence, replicating the mainland's struggle between revolution and reformism.\n\nIn the new era the TPP has struggled to find its footing due to Jiang's political radicalism and authoritarianism clashing with many moderates like Cai Peihuo who have threatened defection. Their cooperation with the marginalised Taiwanese Syndicalist Party has also been suspect, having been suppressed by Chinese political authorities ever since they arrived on the island.\n\nMeanwhile, many of the former gentry and other elites of the island who cooperated with the Japanese occupation have attempted to pivot towards working with the new Chinese regime, with varying results — the perception of the TAHR as unpatriotic has largely hurt its reputation with occupational authorities.\n\nPlaying spoiler as a third party in addition to the major two parties on the island, the Taiwan Restoration Comrades Association, led by brothers Liao Wenkui and Liao Wenyi, has crashed onto the scene. Composed of Western-educated technocrats and intellectuals, it is a generally liberal movement, seeking to court both the GRA and CDL at the same time, though have taken a more Neo-Confucian interpretation during the Zhang Junmai-Hu Shih debates over vitalism and pragmatism.
The TPP and the left triumph in elections!
The TAHR beat the allegations and win!
The TRCA ride the liberal wave to victory!
Mainland occupational authorities continue to dictate elections.
Shanghai: China's Urban Hotspot
The Paris of the East, Shanghai is perhaps the most deserving Chinese city to receive that title. The largest and most prosperous, it is arguably such a large political entity on its own that it warrants its own special treatment, different from that of the rest of Jiangsu province. China's reclamation of the Legation Cities was a major triumph for the [UPC.GetName], finally bringing the Century of Humiliation to a close, and uniting the country in a moment of perpetual national unity. But of course, politicking must continue.\n\nShanghai has also, of course, been the site of major Chinese labour movements despite the brutal suppression of the 1932 Shanghai Uprising. It naturally also overflows with ties to the Triads, which have often lent themselves to revolutionary republicanism and nationalism — blurring the lines between Triad and Revolutionary. In addition to the KMT, the CSP, the CDL, and the GRA, many smaller parties have emerged.\n\nAn Ruoding, editor of the Lone Star Magazine and founder of the Lone Star Society is a proponent of the \
The radical left delivers a stinging rebuke of the new government.
The CDL assembles a centrist liberal-labour coalition to sweep elections!
The GRA unites federalists and intellectuals amid conservative fears.
Knives Out in Xinjiang
Xinjiang is a distant province from the centres of Chinese power in the Central Plains, but [ROOT.GetLeader] has nonetheless chosen to dedicate a sizable campaign in the region. Media covering the election have speculated that the true intent of the election was to celebrate the Republic's restoration of Chinese authority from East to West, and that the increased attention prompted the opposition to send campaigners to Dihua too, forcing [ROOT.GetLeader]'s hand. To say that the election campaign has not gone smoothly would be an understatement, with the President nearly being shot by local insurgents.\n\nIf [ROOT.GetLeader] was intending to highlight restored authority in Dihua, the main message that seems to have been promoted is that much of Xinjiang remains volatile and true stability eludes the province despite the temporary provincial military government's best efforts. Ethnic tension has not been eased either, as the native Uyghurs and Kumulliks remain skeptical towards Han domination in the Local and Central Government. However, there have been a shocking number of local leaders willing to work with the government. Yulbars Khan, the last Chancellor of the Kumul Khanate, has made his peace with the central government and has voiced his cooperation.\n\nMasud Sabri and Isa Alptekin, who formerly partook in the East Turkestan Republic are also moderate conservative Uyghur leaders willing to cooperate with Chinese rule while searching for autonomy. Burhan Shahidi, generally considered a KMT sympathiser but flexible in his loyalties, has also pledged his willingness to cooperate with the Federal Government. However, more radical Uyghur leaders of the former East Turkestan Republic - whether due to nationalistic, socialist, Islamist, or some mix inbetween - have rejected calls to participate in the elections, vowing to continue violent struggle to secure full independence.
The Collaborators form a working coalition!
Fear will keep the local systems in line.
Future of the Tibetan Sangha
Tibet, much like Outer Mongolia, has been a region dominated by the Buddhist Sangha for centuries. Under the nigh-autocratic power of regents and powerful lamas, even the Dalai Lama has been assassinated, or is otherwise subjugated to the whims of the Clergy. With monasteries and nobles controlling much of the material wealth, the common people are utterly lacking in some form of popular representation — with a lot even being indentured slaves to monasteries.\n\nHowever, not all is dim. As the advance of the modern age reached the Tibetan Plateau, the stint of pro-reform cliques winning the Tibetan power struggle of the 1920s saw sweeping modernisation on the plateau. With their success and further developments, organisations such as the Tibet Improvement Party, and the Kyicho Kuntun Group would be established.\n\nA party inspired by the Indian National Congress, and founded by the likes of Pandatsang Rapga, Thubten Kunoheka, and Solang Gyalpo, the Tibet Improvement Party nominally adheres to the socialism espoused by the Azad Hind, as the majority of their ranks have studied in Calcutta. Generally considered somewhat Sino-philic however, they have opposed the Dalai Lama fiercely, and contain a radical wing led by Rapga.\n\nThe Kyicho Kuntun is a rather mysterious group conceived to have been established by Tsipon Lungshar. Or at least, that is what his enemies would have you believe. Nonetheless, Lungshar does possess a modicum of political support, and a close clique of relatively liberal (by Tibetan standards) moderates whom seem privy towards the advances of the Grand Republican Alliance, and the hopes of autonomy for the Tibetan people.\n\nWhilst the government could push local politics in a direction to see the preferred candidates, the KK and TIP, achieve victory, there is always the option to respect the local democratic process — whatever the results may be.
We control the elections, and we control who is voted.
Adhering to our principles wouldn't hurt.
Sundering of the Great Mongolian State
For a second time in the century, the Great Mongolian State has been brought to heel by Chinese occupation. Incorporated into the Qing in 1691 after intermixed period of cooperation and warfare, the Outer Mongolian lands would see relative autonomy compared to their Inner Mongolian brethren, and following efforts of the 1911 Mongolian Revolution, quasi-Independence and union with Hulunbuir and Barga to the East. Dysfunctional at the best of times, Mongolia would be brought under heel by the Anhui Clique in 1919.\n\nThis second occupation would spawn a myriad of new political associations and parties to oppose the Chinese occupation. East Khuree, Consular Hill, and the Noblemen's Group. All united in opposition against the Chinese, they would cooperate sparingly, with the former two groups coalescing into the Mongolian Nationalist Party in mid-1920 under the stewardship of Dogsomyn Bodoo, and Soliin Danzan. Cooperating with the Kuomintang — having sent Tseren-Ochiryn Dambadorj, Damdin Sükhbaatar and Ajvaagiin Danzan to their First Congress in 1924 — the MNP's fractured personalities would result in a highly competitive internal environment, with repeated oustings in the interwar.\n\nDue to a thorough lack of electoral infrastructure, elections within Outer Mongolia have been opted to be held vocally, and the MNP's broad-tent coalition has begun to sweep the populace, making grand demands for autonomy, hushed murmurs of dismantling the feudal system, a unified Pan-Mongolian administrative region, and rejection of Han imperialism.\n\nWhilst the MNP has been hoarding the spotlight, the Feudal system of Mongolia largely remains intact. Both lama and lay noble are privy to retain their privileges, unsure of the MNP's intentions, and figures such as the Khans of the Outer Leagues are perfectly willing to cooperate with [UPC.GetLeader] presuming that their rights are protected. Albeit, the nobles and lamas themselves prove equally as fickle as the revolutionaries.
Down with Han Imperialism! Mongolia advances under the MNP!
Make deals with the nobility, ensure their compliance.
Call off the elections, citing instability...
Elections in Outer Manchuria
In what has largely been seen as an upset in the electoral race, the two major contenders for the Federal Elections, the China Democratic League and Grand Republican Alliance, have sent various campaigners and candidates to the recently conquered Outer Manchuria region. Focusing largely on Vladivostok (Now Haishenwai, Jilin Province), they have focused their campaigns on stressing the integrity of the region to the Chinese nation.\n\nLargely this has been an upset for the local population, which remains largely Russian. Despite attempts from nationalists to drum up war-bands of settlers to integrate and inundate the region with Han Chinese, this has largely failed to manifest. In part due to the lack of economic opportunity within Siberia, even Haishenwai.\n\nThe Russian Far East before its incorporation into the Chinese state was quite ethnically diverse, including Japanese, Koreans, Russians, Yakuts, Buryats, Chinese, and others in a cultural mixing pot. Naturally, a large amount have since emigrated back to their homelands, either fearing oppression or refusing to live within a Chinese state. Despite this, the region remains largely Russian, and with impending local elections presumed to be announced, there is the belief that they would be filled largely by Russian-led parties, many of which demand home rule if not outright independence — such as the Oblastniki, which have re-emerged.\n\nOf course, this precludes the notion that the government hopes to hold legitimate elections in such a dangerous territory in the first place. With a large portion of the campaigning focusing on the international news presence, many have begun to fear that various Pro-Russian parties will be outright banned, or elections merely rigged, guaranteed for the winning party.
Of course....elections...right.
Elections? What elections?
Singapore: The Broken Safe Haven
Strategically located in the heart of South East Asia along the Straits of Malacca, the island of Singapore holds a unique history with China, with more than half of its population being ethnically Chinese as a result of a century-long wave of migration. Despite the island's distance from China, the local Chinese community has nonetheless played a role in the nation's politics, providing a safe haven to Tongmenghui revolutionaries when uprisings against the Qing government ended in failure, alongside sending aid to revolutionaries during the Xinhai Revolution.\n\nAfter the success of the revolution, the local Chinese community came to support the Kuomintang, with local branches established on the island alongside Malaya. Singapore soon became a hotbed for leftist revolutionary radicalism, host to socialist organisations seeking not only to aid the struggle against the Beiyang Government back in the mainland, but foment unrest against British colonialism in Singapore. In spite of the Northern Expedition's collapse and increasing German presence within the former colonies of the decaying British Empire, support for the KMT remains strong and steady within local community.\n\nCircumstances have changed a lot in recent years, however, for none could've predicted the island's occupation under China. Adding to the astonishment of many was the surprise visits by leading candidates of China's upcoming election. Whilst the significance of their campaign in a faraway island of little political contribution was lost to everyone, some have speculated the acquirement of the local business community's patronage to be the true reason for the visits, as it constitutes a large portion of the aid sent to the mainland among the Chinese Diaspora.\n\nRegardless of the intentions the visits hold, the campaigning in Singapore remains unruly as unease over the increasing political marginalisation of the island's non-Chinese population has added fuel to an already fractious political scene.
The CDL's socialistic stance wins over the local leftists.
The GRA's moderate stance wins over the local businessmen.
Neither candidates manage to win over the local community.
Shifting Arena of the Diaspora
Outside China lives a significant Chinese Diaspora spread across the world, watching from abroad the chaotic politics that envelopes their homeland. While local branches of mainland political parties exist in countries with a diaspora population, émigré groups have formed their own political parties operating from the city of Hong Kong, safe from the thuggish oppression of mainland warlords but close enough still to work towards achieving their political aims in China.\n\nConfined within the city exists a plethora of émigré parties such as the People's Democratic Liberal Union, the Chinese People's Liberal Party, and the Democratic Progressive Party, independent from the major political parties that have come to dominate mainland politics and shrouded in the mists of irrelevancy. Among these parties exist Hong Men secret societies that have yet to join the GRA, with the largest among these being the Chinese Hong Men People's Rule Party.\n\nClaiming to represent the interests of the three million émigrés in their motherland, the party had been locked in a power struggle between its two founders: Situ Meitang and Zhao Yu. Outside the party, some were against the politicisation of the Hong Men by the CHMPRP, establishing their own associations - the Hong Men People's Rule and National Reconstruction Society led by Lin Youmin, and the Hong Men Revival Association organised by Zhang Zilian, which has since morphed into the People's Livelihood and Progress Party.\n\nThis shifting political arena of Hong Men parties has seen a change in development with the recent unification of Hong Men parties under the League of Middle Parties, acting as a middle ground between the overtly left-wing CDL and the semi-reactionary GRA. With the election in China becoming tense as major parties scramble to garner political support wherever they can, both leading parties have resorted to courting the favour of the LoMP and in turn, the overseas diaspora.
Surprisingly, the LoMP's leftist tendencies win out!
The Hong Men parties mobilise votes in favour of the GRA.
The Émigrés yearn for a stronger, traditionalist China.
The Working Man in a New China
Labour Union relations in regards to the governments within China have long been fraught. With the ever increasing tide of Worker's self-understanding, the proliferation of the worker's movement, and increasing industrialisation, the Chinese Union movement has made ever increasing and ever more violent attempts to cultivate change for the nation's workers. The Hong Kong-Canton Strike, the Beijing-Hankou Strike, the Shanghai Uprising are but only a few notable examples.\n\nThe nature of the movement in-regards to Federalism however, is more mixed. A portion of the Old Federalists have a sincere belief that unions should exist on principle. But they shall not be political, and shall be cooperative towards authority — no spontaneous strike action. Other hardliners desire absolute control over the union movement, preventing any and all disruptions to production.\n\nThe China Democratic League, being more intellectually based, is open to unions playing an open political role, but not... too much. Other parties, such as the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour] or YCP, and various independents, have expressed interest in unions and organised labour. But in practice, their commitment varies. All of them, including the CDL, tend to view the economy in a corporatist sense — the need for all classes to work together like a machine. Unions may be allowed to represent workers, as long as they are not insurrectionary socialists; a social role, but not a stringent political one.\n\nOf course, fears are still paramount about the allure of syndicalism infiltrating the labour movement. Socialists, particularly those of extremist tendencies, believe unions to be a major cornerstone in the revolution's future, and have traditionally had the easiest time making gains amongst the workers.
Unions need to be strictly monitored and kept apolitical.
Unions are a tool for class harmony and economic revival.
Unions ought to be left to sort out their own politics.
Disharmony in the Countryside
Within the countryside, class relations between the bourgeoisie, \
Peasants need to know their place.
The Peasants need our guidance.
The Peasants are of little concern.
Contours of a Bureaucrat
For as long as there has been rival dynasties and cultures in the North of the nation and South of the nation, there has been this ephemeral \
Backroom deals are how things are smoothed along...
Substitute their men for our own.
Best not poke the hornet's nest.
China's Student Whirlwind
Students and the youth have long been the fundamental bedrock of a lot of China's drastic political change. Heirs and sires of political legacies, the students of the 1910s and 20s have emerged to be the leading intellectuals and political figures of the present day. With many of their debates of yesteryear being imitated in-kind, on new subjects yet in the same old institutions. The debates between Hu Shih and Hu Hanmin, Liang Shiqiu and Lu Xun, Chen Duxiu and Zhang Dongsun, all have seen their spotlights and their successors.\n\nOf course, not all of it was political activism, much of it was literary. What with the bounding New Culture Movement, proliferation of Venacular Chinese, styles of written poetry and prose, and all sorts were debated in the halls of Beijing University and elsewhere. Yet with daring young minds, enters organised political movements. The Chinese Syndicalist Party, the Young China Party, the Endeavour Society, the Crescent Moon Society, the Democratic Socialist Party, and others.\n\nIn the present day, many have begun to emulate the Kuomintang in their initiative to procure the youth movement's support into their political activities. Sponsoring a broad array of literary societies and youth organisations, the Chinese Democratic League and Grand Republican Alliance have created organisations such as \
Emphasise the nation's reconstruction.
Emphasise patriotism and national unity.
It's nice to simply watch the scholars debate.
Compradors, Merchants, and Business Elite
Chinese Industry has seen great advances since the early onset of the 20th century. Through cultivation of the Qing, and later focused industrialisation efforts of various warlords, foreign powers, local industrialists, and an assortment of merchants and businessmen, the nation has thrown itself into the modern era. At least, in the coastal and urban regions; of course the image in the interior is far less prosperous and bounding.\n\nVarious large businesses have emerged, such as the Anshan Iron & Steel company, Peking Syndicate, Krupp Steel, HSBC Bank,  and Phelps-Dodge. There have also been various regional businesses, Green Island cement, Zhejiang Iron Works,  or the Shanghai Flour Mill. Organising themselves in various organisations such as the Jiangnan Consortium, or aligning with cliques such as the Communications Clique, there has been a subtle but pronounced dispute between opinions on trade, protectionism, exports, and tariffs.\n\nVarious Federalists themselves have been split on the matter. Many are large corporatists, owing to their Liangist legacy, and believe that the economy should be controlled by the government, and working in harmonious service for the people. As such, they are large proponents of a pro-tariff policy.\n\nOthers have proven to be more privy towards the free-trade side of the spectrum, with beliefs that patriotic domestic businessmen should be allowed to trade freely, and that such trade allows free exchange of ideas between entrepreneurs. They only necessitate that it be fair, and on equal footing. Generally, such an outlook is vindicated through China's natural material wealth and raw resources, and many politicians with business ties have begun to push such an outlook.\n\nRather curiously, there is an outcropping of individuals who desire an all-out fight and expropriation against all foreign businesses and investments, campaigning on radical ultranationalism, ultra-protectionism, and fervent eradication of concessions.
Foreign trade, when conducted on equal terms, is beneficial for all.
Our budding industrial sector demands state protection and investment.
Railing against foreign and domestic exploitation works every time.
Servicemen in Politics
The role of the military in politics has been intertwined ever since the first shallow steps of the Beiyang Republic. In the present, the role of militarism and the military is still enshrined, even in the new republic. Politicians on all sides tour various military arsenals and army bases, riding the highs of patriotism. In addition, an assortment of former officers and military men have begun to transfer their careers into statesmanship, running for local office and campaigning on large amounts of nationalism.\n\nThe integrity of military men running for office has been called into question. On a philosophical level, at what point are officers forbidden from immersing themsevles in politics — is it not merely warlordism in new clothes? Inevitably a lot of them will promote their old friends in the army, alongside shooting down proposals for demilitarisation.\n\nAnd this doesn't even concern situations wherein the military is directly involved in politics. Individuals running for office are \
Of course the President as commander-in-chief will be seen with his men!
The opposition makes some headway calling for a transition to peacetime.
The Army will always be the patriotic pillar of our nation-state.
Strongmen Surge in the Polls!
The many different facsimiles of a warlord is multi-faceted, and depending on the individual, interpreted to a varying range of degrees. To truly posit, what is a warlord? A police chief who is also a village elder, a county magistrate who is also a major landlord, a military officer who has also been elected as a senator — all carry elements of being respected gentlemen to some, and a local tyrant to others.\n\nAmongst the ranks of warlordism are various tiers of significance — petty and greater. Flooded with their subordinates, various local warlords and operatives, and the authority figures acting below them — gentry and village head. Many have compared it to a bastardised form of feudalism that was present in Europe, or Japan, or Matryoshka dolls, or even spider webs, but the tangle of relationships evade any clear hierarchies.\n\nIn some ways, the relationships warlords have are more important than their direct control of the guns — these warlords have extensive ties not only to military forces, but to contacts in the social, economic, and political sphere simultaneously.\n\nThe endurance of warlordism has seen it so that even in the new Federalist government, its attempts to implement democracy, and defang the warlords, it has not quite excised them from retaining power. Some have even begun to muster genuine local popularity as \
The President will not stand for the re-emergence of warlordism!
The opposition exploits this opportunity to undermine the President.
Sometimes democracy takes odd turns.
Future of the Fairer Side
With the formalisation of women's suffrage in clearly written paper, the women of China have finally gained the universal right to vote, a fairly all-popular measure by most metrics. Albeit most women within the nation have practically defaulted back to their family's views on politics, parties have already begun adapting — seeing the greater need to appeal to the women's vote.\n\n$UPC.federalelections.270.d_end$
Whilst women in China do not universally have the formal right to vote, some progressive-leaning provinces such as Guangdong and Hunan have nonetheless granted it in their provincial constitutions, albeit others have lagged behind. Whilst their right to vote is not nationally guaranteed, women are a powerful social force and cannot be fully ignored.\n\n$UPC.federalelections.270.d_end$
In the early 20th century, movements such as \
Ladies, tell your husbands to vote for [UPC_players_candidate]!
Progress on Women's issues is Progress on the Nation's issues.
Confucian Gender Roles keep homes orderly and harmonious.
Single Issues and Particularists
Surfing in-between the nooks and crannies of the major political debates and issues of the modern republic lies a slew of miscellany; of nonchalant nature, issues of rather dubious importance. Single issues, special interests, wedge issues. Whilst usually not quite as important to shape a whole campaign, it nonetheless is capable of swinging votes in favour of parties, small and large alike.\n\nVarious Christian missionary groups, operating largely in the Northwest but with a few contingents elsewhere in the nation, especially Shanghai, have necessitated the protection of their missions, and assurances of the right to freedom of religion — gaining necessary support amongst various other religious minorities. The media and the press have rallied for protection of the right to free speech, joined in a rather odd communion by various groups such as the Hongmen.\n\nCarving out significant niches, any denial or outright refusal to oversee these comparatively insignificant issues could see swathes of votes travel into the open arms of radicals, independents, or regionalists. And on a similar vein, contemporary parties participating in the elections could potentially all swing a portion of the voterbase their way — a win for all, some might say.
Of course, [UPC_players_candidate] remains on top of the issues.
Sometimes peculiar political tastes manifest into political particularism.
Every party finds small niches they can cater to.
Five Races Under One Union?
Whilst much of the nation's northwest and elsewhere — home to many minorities — remains outside of Chinese control, and thus are subsequently impossible to represent in the Assembly or hold elections for, the government has still deemed it fit to fill various seats representative of those regions and their peoples, primarily for legitimacy reasons, and to ensure that their inevitable future integration is smooth, efficient, and quantifiably representative.\n\nHowever, the issue is decided upon the precipice of their appointment: should they be directly appointed in absentia by the government itself during this election? Or rather, should the government have various exile and loyalist groups hold elections corresponding to the electoral regions on their behalf? In-fact, should the government even cater to the concept of ethnic minorities having local autonomy in the future?
With direct control of the Chinese frontier, and the unification of the nation, many minorities outside of the Han Chinese bubble now once again encompass the citizenry of the Chinese nation state. Having put down ethnic minority independence groups of varying degrees, many of their citizens fear reprisals or further Han Chauvinism emblematic of previous administrations.\n\nOf course, the history of minorities within the Chinese Republic is complex, as at its very fundamental level it is built upon a level of unity and equality. The Five Races Under One Union symbolising the Han, Manchu, Tibetans, Hui, and Mongols coming together in harmony to advance onwards onto a new prosperous era, whatever form that may be. Despite this, many proponents of that same concept, such as Dr. Sun Yat-sen, similarly carried the ideal that the Han must \
The unity of the Chinese nation shall always take priority.
There are many races that make up China, and each has their voice.
Rotten Boroughs
To be expected as a consequence of China's inordinately unhealthy existing democratic infrastructure is the state of national electoral districts during the election. Due to lack of time, or otherwise far more nefarious and insidious machinations of local administrators, a mixture of gerrymandering and poorly, or politically, drawn districts have manifested as a serious challenge to the electoral process.\n\nDubbed so-called \
The central government must step in to ensure fairer votes.
Unfortunately, that is simply the game we must all play.
Death Throes of a Revolution
Bombings, assassinations, guerilla raids, campaigns of terror, uprisings. Propaganda of the deed has most certainly not run its course in the new Chinese \
\
We cannot go back to the days of arbitrary arrests and forced disappearances.
Institution of the Political Machines
With a new Republic arises new challenges, and whilst some are most certainly new others are most certainly old demons in new forms. Nation-wide political infrastructure for all parties is largely till in their infancy — except maybe for the Constitutionalists and Young China Party — due to the relatively recent reintegration of the provinces, and a general lack of competitive elections in the years prior, local political bosses often have distilled winning elections in their districts down to a science.\n\nThese powerful political machines utilise both secretive backgroom deals and open electoral clientelism to maintain their system of political patronage, promising valuable sinecures and the passage of populist policies to reward loyalists and buy votes. They have also become adept at creating an insular polarised attitude within their target electorate — herding them to the polls en masse through vast pledges if they win, and stoking fears of what would run amok if they lose.\n\nWhilst not necessarily an issue in the minds of some figures, the problem with such a system is that it is practically self-sustaining, and hard to regulate. As long as a machine can continue to win key races, and not bankrupt local governments through policy, they can continue almost indefinitely. It has also stoked a large amount of tribalism and graft, increasing the perception amongst poorer voters that democracy is rigged, and among wealthier voters that democracy is merely the organised plunder of public coffers.\n\nIn fact, it is quite difficult to even force competitive races — you can hammer in on the actual corruption itself but beating the political machine requires a larger machine to squeeze them out, a self-fulfilling cycle. And even then, as a result a large amount of the smaller machines will merely align with the larger organism rather than be displaced by them.
We really need to shake up the system, one way or another!
They always vote at their parties' call, and never think of thinking for themselves at all!
Lacking Literacy, and Few Democratic Traditions
Whilst hard to quantify without a solid census, illiteracy in China has always been a critical issue — the majority of the masses can hardly read let alone write. Access to public education was also far from universal, and different provinces alongside even the counties had different standards and degrees of funding, or quality. Suffice to say, it might take many generations to fully educate the nation.\n\nThis isn't to say that it is a new issue, the fight against illiteracy and the bringing of education to the masses has been a huge rallying cry from reformers across the country and political spectrum immemorial. The concept that China will never be modernised until its people have been educated is naturally quite appealing to the scholar-intellectuals that flank China's bureaucracy.\n\nVarious reform efforts have been tried: broadening access to mandatory public education for children, the offering of adult education courses at night. Yet funding shortfalls, war, disruption, and the seemingly dubious nature of  education beyond a certain point (due to the inability for the higher educated to find jobs) compared to immediately entering trades has hampered efforts.\n\nBeyond that, political literacy is even worse. China insistently never had a really democratic political tradition despite attempts by various intellectuals to argue it always did. Elections, ever since 1912, have always been dominated by the elites (the same classes that produce the intelligentsia), and whilst that is arguably the case elsewhere, there is a noticeable lack of meaningful political participation by the common people in China. A large amount of the masses do not understand the power of the vote, or the meaning of candidates, merely voting based on their landlord's desire.\n\nEvidently systematic change will be a difficult task — one can invest in uplifting the common people as the reformers say, but that would merely be a provisional measure. And the more time wasted, the more the masses flock to the KMT and their appeals to the soul of the masses.
Perhaps some last minute \
Democracy is for the people, but someone else has to do the thinking.
Paramilities and the Political Game
It has been an informal tradition amongst China's political elite to take part in the production and hiring of local and regional militia ever since the decline of the Qing. In the absence of central authority, the local authorities indubiously stood up to protect their interests, and in an optimistic lens, protect their fellow citizens. Such a state of affairs has continued through the warlord era and onto the new republic.\n\nSome battalions serve their needs dutifully and for legitimate purpose, such as security to protect valuables, village militia to ward off bandits, and effectively local police forces. But a large quantity outside this assortment similarly double-up as personal bodyguards for the wealthy, strike breakers against urban unions and rural peasant associations, enforcers against debtors. As a result of demobilisation, a large amount of soldiers now return home struggling to find jobs due to lacking the skills, and trauma; and so their natural calling results in becoming bandits, or glorified bandits on the payroll of an elite.\n\nWith a country the size of China, it is in-fact quite hard to combat this issue legislatively. And naturally, when election time rolls around, local politicians become quite found of utilising their paramilitaries to their advantage — intimidating rival political activists, raiding opponents' headquarters, and kidnapping individuals under the guise of lawless banditry.\n\nThis has led to a neverending guise of cyclical violence. All the more concering in-regards to China's nascent democracy, hurting its perception internationally and at home.
The law must step in to protect the integrity of our elections!
Battling these mercenaries will only make things worse.
Corruption Scandals Rock Elections
Ever since the negotiations that led to the end of the Qing Dynasty, and the implementation of the Beiyang Republic, corruption and cronyism has walked hand-in-hand with Chinese politics. And of course, before that, the Qing Court and the local governments were rife with self-interested deals and gambles against both progress and decency. Even after the infamous blatant nature of it during the High Warlord Era, and especially Cao Kun's \
We shall make an example out of the worst offenders.
Sometimes we need to accept that this is just how politics is.
Disenfranchisement and Disillusionment
Whilst the Republic holds itself to the ideals of all-encompassing universal suffrage, for that is what so many have bled and sacrificed for, the reality is far less than that ideal. With the ensuing elections, it has become brutally evident that not every citizen is feasibly allowed to vote in practice. Especially in areas that still retain some form of a military presence, or otherwise are noted for being \
We can tentatively lift some of these restrictions.
These restrictions keep politics a gentlemanly affair.
Mudslinging and Propaganda
As is quite excruciatingly evident, a sizeable chunk of the Chinese population are illiterate, humble toilers and workers of which the opportunities of education have managed to circumvent. But that does not mean information cannot spread like wildfire. As has been proven in the wars of unification, propaganda, if correctly applied and curated, is a brutally effective tool — visual based posters, rumours, and even plays alongside songs and poems can rapidly disseminate political messages across the masses.\n\nLikewise among the more educated classes, editorials in newspapers, magazines, and other publications enable intellectuals to weigh in on politics — with mass proliferation of radio technology, this facet of the information dissemination game has grown all the more important. Even if it still retains it's relatively small stature compared to its popularity.\n\nAnd this brings us to the pressing issue. The role  we should play in the information war. If we refuse to participate in a campaign against our opponent, it is inevitable that they will seize the initiative and storm ahead. However, if we do slander our rivals, it serves to  foil the democratic system we have worked so hard to defend and institute.
We can tentatively lift some of these restrictions.
These restrictions keep politics a gentlemanly affair.
Election Lawsuits Filed
It would appear pettiness knows no bounds, and advances as ceaselessly as the democratic system does. Occasionally, individuals who are particularly disgruntled and lost elections file a court case claiming elections were, for all intents and purposes, fraudulently conducted. Such a matter is not unaccustomed even in the healthiest democracies.\n\nInsisting that election rules were not fairly enforced, that the other side had conducted vote harvesting, ballot stuffing, tampering with the vote, rigging ballots, and all other assortment of serious infractions against the democratic system. As a result, the already laboured judicial arm of the Republic has to slog through a myriad of less than genuine reports of electoral fraud amongst other sincere cases — and generally districts face multiple re-elections until it is finally deemed fair under the law.\n\nAnd yet this time, individuals have begun to file claims of electoral fraud well in-advance of their elections, proving to be incredibly infuriating to any and all officials involved. To investigate before votes have even begun would inevitably mean wading into expected hellfire, yet to not investigate would mean that the rabble rousers will be able to parade and rally against the \
An election commission is sent to investigate.
These restrictions keep politics a gentlemanly affair.
Dirty Tricks
In addition to corruption after elections, and large-scale production and proliferation of political machines, small scale political candidates have often begun to engage in a variety of less than ideal tactics when the authorities eyes are amiss. Blackmailing political rivals, bribing local leaders for endorsements, these are but the surface of the all encompassing mountain of dirty tricks various would-be-politicians have begun to pull.\n\nIn certain cases, individuals have been caught literally bribing voters to show up to polls, or offerring transportation for supporters. There has even been cases of voters being monitored as they leave the polling booths, and the unanimous spreading of lies and slander about political opponents.
We need to enforce campaign rules more strictly!
All is fair in politics.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports the GRA!
Unification of the nation is never a particularly simple task to fulfill, and even if functionally concluded, many independently-minded individuals dwell within our nation. Through excercising of their autonomy at home, they have become surprisingly capable at influencing the nation's recently announced elections. As officials within the Federal republic, or otherwise, they have begun to put their full political weight behind their chosen candidate.\n\nIn a recent campaign event for the Grand Republican Alliance, [FROM.GetLeader] appeared as a special guest on stage. Holding a vigorous speech, they pubicly announced their full support for the GRA. Insisting upon the GRA's vision for the Federal republic as the only viable option, they have foreseen a heavy amount of electoral support swing the GRA's way.
They set themselves apart from the rest!
Democracy or not, we can't condone lobbying.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports the CDL!
Unification of the nation is never a particularly simple task to fulfill, and even if functionally concluded, many independently-minded individuals dwell within our nation. Through excercising of their autonomy at home, they have become surprisingly capable at influencing the nation's recently announced elections. As officials within the Federal republic, or otherwise, they have begun to put their full political weight behind their chosen candidate.\n\nIn a recent campaign event for the China Democratic League, [FROM.GetLeader] appeared as a special guest on stage. Holding a vigorous speech, they pubicly announced their full support for the CDL. Insisting upon the CDL's vision for the Federal republic as the only viable option, they have foreseen a heavy amount of electoral support swing the CDL's way.
All forward for a new Chinese future!
Clearly they forget themselves. Let's remind them of their place.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports the Liberals!
Unification of the nation is never a particularly simple task to fulfill, and even if functionally concluded, many independently-minded individuals dwell within our nation. Through excercising of their autonomy at home, they have become surprisingly capable at influencing the nation's recently announced elections. As officials within the Federal republic, or otherwise, they have begun to put their full political weight behind their chosen candidates.\n\nIn a series of recent campaign events for the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour_long] and various Independent Republicans, [FROM.GetLeader] appeared multiple times as a special guest on stage. Holding a series of vigorous speeches, they pubicly announced their full support for both the [UPC_GetDCPPartyName_nocolour], Endeavour, Political Science, and other factions. Insisting upon the various liberal's and their visions for the Federal republic as the only viable option, they have foreseen a heavy amount of electoral support swing the liberal's way.
[FROM.GetLeader] Stands for Democracy!
Counter their efforts with our own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports Regionalism!
Unification of the nation is never a particularly simple task to fulfill, and even if functionally concluded, many independently-minded individuals dwell within our nation. Through excercising of their autonomy at home, they have become surprisingly capable at influencing the nation's recently announced elections. As officials within the Federal republic, or otherwise, they have begun to put their full political weight onto protecting their independence.\n\nIn a recent publicised event held in their home province, [FROM.GetLeader] announced the failures of the Federal Republic in seeing to the needs of their province's people. Insisting upon the independence of their administration for the protection of Federalism, they have foreseen a heavy uptick in regionalist sentiment nationwide.
And so they show their true face...
Regionalism is NOT Federalism.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports the Radicals!
Unification of the nation is never a particularly simple task to fulfill, and even if functionally concluded, many independently-minded individuals dwell within our nation. Through excercising of their autonomy at home, they have become surprisingly capable at influencing the nation's recently announced elections. As officials within the Federal republic, or otherwise, they have begun to put their full political weight behind various radicals and extremists.\n\nIn a recent publicised event held in their home province, [FROM.GetLeader] announced the failures of the Federal Republic's reformist outlook. Insisting upon the primacy of continued revolution and radical change, they have foreseen a heavy uptick in revolutionary sentiment nationwide.
Flanked on both left and right...
They can't do that! Stop them or something!
[UPC.GetNameDefCap] Denies Our Advances!
Despite placing intense political pressure upon [UPC.GetNameDefCap] and attempting to influence the national electoral campaign, it would appear that the Central Government had other conceptions of what their democracy would signify. Through various means, both legal and less than ideal, the Central Government has shut down our attempts to rally support for our chosen candidate. Insisting upon the \
They seem to deny their own democracy!
Calling a Constitutional Convention
In the late days of the Qing, China found its first attempts at constitutionalism through Liang Qichao's radical reforms in the Hundred Days Reform. Liang called for constitutional monarchy, adopting capitalism and emerging out of feudalism, ending the imperial examination system, and modern governmental institutions. However, these radical reforms would be squashed by Empress Dowager Cixi. The Xinhai Revolution of 1911 established a provisional constitution which was modelled after the French constitution. After Yuan Shikai's failed imperial restoration and death, Guangzhou and Beijing remained at odds, though both initially adhered to the 1912 Constitution.\n\nIn 1923, Cao Kun created his own Constitution, which was widely considered a very expansive and progressive constitution, though only the Zhili warlords initially adhered to it. Cao's Constitution attempted to extend an olive branch to Tang Jiyao , but relations sharply declined when Cao ousted Li Yuanhong to become president himself. In the South, Zhejiang and Hunan led the charge in Constitutional promulgation, basing them on the American Constitution which attempted to establish their own variants of local democracy. With China finally having been unified for the first time in decades, a Constitutional Convention has been called by [ROOT.GetLeader].\n\nHowever, with many participants from all across China, many disagree about what the prospective outlook of this new Constitution ought to be. Many from the North call for using the 1912 and 1923 Constitutions as guides, citing their failure being rooted in warlordism rather than structural issues. Many of [ROOT.GetLeader]'s core followers, as well as other Southern Federalists are calling for a new Constitution that take inspiration from the Provincial Constitutions that have proven to safeguard pluralism on a smaller scale, citing a need to break with the autocratic tendencies of Beijing. While not integral to the formation of the new Constitution, these lines drawn in the sand are an inauspicious start for what's to come.
It is the light in the South which shall guide our future!
We fought to redeem the promises of Xinhai.
Negotiating a Chinese Federation
The most important question being debated is the relationship between the federal government and its provinces. Chinese dynasties were historically centralist in ideology, though local administrations enjoyed varying degrees of autonomy. All agree on the need to empower local counties and districts, but the role of the provinces is more hotly contested. The 1923 Cao Kun Constitution ostensibly had provisions for federal self governance, but simultaneously failed to control the provinces or respect their freedoms.\n\nDuring the 1920s, the general consensus was that the different provinces ought to draft constitutions of their own and then work together to draft a national one. This led to decentralised proposals, with figures like Zhang Taiyan often advising a borderline anarchist-inspired confederation. Others like Tang Jiyao, the FCDP, and most northern parties prefer a Cao Kun-esque model: a strong central government with some provincial rights. Many, like Chen Jiongming, are in the middle - seeking a pragmatic, power sharing model. Since the Federalist heyday, many more have shifted their positions.\n\nThis discourse permeates just about everything, setting the tone for the general distribution of powers between the republic and its provinces in the constitution. For example, the Beiyang Republic was bicameral. The Senate was elected by and represented the provincial assemblies and the House of Representatives the people. A few have called for a unicameral legislature, a reminder that many joined Guangzhou for its democratic promises and remain suspicious of regionalism.\n\nUltimately, the answer to this question of provincial autonomy will guide the drafters towards either establishing a continuation of the old Republic of China or possibly trying to create a new government altogether: the United Provinces of China. At the climax of the Federalist movement, the delegates from around China finalises its identity.
We have always sought to build the Beiyang that never was.
Our movement has always been about something greater!
The National Assembly
Across most of the Constitutional Convention, many ascribed the need for a strong and capable legislature. The Beiyang National Assembly was once viewed as a progressive body capable of enacting wide sweeping reform desperately needed to restore China to its rightful status as a Great Power in the world. Unfortunately, too much militarist inference with the legislative process resulted in the body widely losing legitimacy and being regarded more as a rubber stamp. This new National Assembly of the Republic will be staffed with members elected by either local assemblies or electoral bodies depending on local law, and will assist the President in working towards a better China.\n\nWith the National Assembly being mostly determined, many have raised questions over special representation for underrepresented groups. Indeed, China hosts a diverse assortment of ethnic minorities, from the Uyghurs in the Tarim Basin to the Mongols of the Gobi Desert to the Tibetans in the Himalayas. Women's representation has also come up, as although women represent half of China, the middle kingdom has traditionally been a society of patriarchal dominance and female marginalisation. Some have proposed to allocate guaranteed seats to minorities, as well as women in order to ensure their voices are heard in the new republic.\n\nSome have also raised the matter of professional occupations. In a society as large as China's, every profession is needed to make the country run. Many have called for a number of seats to be allocated to representatives of various professions to ensure that the voices of the labour force help guide the legislative process of the new government. Certain elements, especially the Liangist descended parties, have been particularly enthusiastic about adding in occupation representation, citing it as a matter of national importance.
There is no need for further representation for minorities and occupations.
Our nation is a composite one, ethnic minorities should have their voices heard!
Our Republic is held together by all the classes of society, they should have a say!
Minorities get a seat! Occupations get a seat! Everyone gets a seat!
Women's Suffrage in China
Chinese culture, which while largely developed during the Spring and Autumn Period of the Zhou Dynasty, was largely solidified by the time of the Great Han. With that came the establishment of Confucian patriarchal society, which established norms like foot binding, now largely considered a cruelty of the Imperial Era by China's political elite. However, Chinese society still remains strongly patriarchal, and women lack political equality with men.\n\nIn the Constitutional Convention, many progressive parties have brought up women's suffrage as a right that most modern nations have already adopted, and if China is to achieve parity with the West, then Chinese women must be emancipated as well. Others in the Assembly prefer a more cautious approach, instead calling for women's suffrage to be decided by the provinces instead.\n\nBoth the national suffrage alliance as well as their opponents have pointed to the Guangdong and Hunan Constitutions as examples, with the suffrage movement using the provincial constitutions as inspiration for a national one, while their opponents point to them as examples of federalisation of women's suffrage working as intended. Indeed, many in China have already regarded women's suffrage on a national level as trending towards being established sooner rather than later, but such sentiment has not necessarily been entirely present in the Constitutional Assembly.
Women shall be able to vote all across China!
A fight for another day, leave that to the provinces for now.
The Power of the Presidency
The authority of the presidency has long been a source of controversy and debate in the history of the Republic of China. Although the primacy of the National Assembly was established by the Provisional Constitution of 1912, Yuan Shikai did away with the Assembly in 1914. Even though the Constitution was restored in 1916 by President Li Yuanhong and Premier Duan Qirui, the two continued to clash over authority, with Duan ultimately winning out. Presidential authority was increased by Cao Kun's 1923 Constitution. While Zhang Zuolin's government continued to concentrate executive authority culminating in a military government, the 1923 Constitution was restored by a resurgent Wu Peifu.\n\nMany in the Constitutional Convention are eager to do away with Presidential authority, instead vesting power into the Premiership. Although it is clear that no one wants a dictatorship, certain elements in the Convention continue to advocate for a strong presidency, citing an increase in governmental stability. The President and Prime Minister's authority would be clearly delineated, with the President's approval being needed to sign legislation into law alongside the Premier, though the latter could still push through legislation with 2/3rds majority. The President would represent China internationally, and would be allowed to conclude treaties with parliamentary support.\n\nMartial law declaration would also lie in the President's hands, though Parliament would have to affirm the President in order for it to be maintained. They have also packaged their proposals for a semi-presidential republic with direct elections of the President, instead of the current model of indirect elections through the National Assembly that have been the norm. Parliamentarians would instead prefer to make the Presidency a ceremonial role, and infuse all the proposed presidential powers into the Premiership, which in turn vest these powers in the Assembly.
We shall keep the electoral college and a weak presidency.
We need a powerful presidency as well as popular vote!
The Judiciary and Civil Rights
With Legislative and Presidential authorities outlined, the Constitutional Convention now turns to Judiciary matters. While the restoration of the Supreme Court is supported by all, its exact authority remains contested. Some have called for the Judicial Branch to be granted the power of Judicial Review, allowing them to be the final interpreters of the Constitution.\n\nOthers have rejected giving the Supreme Court this authority, looking towards the Cao Kun Constitution for precedence. There is also a debate on whether the Judiciary should be allowed to choose an impeached President's punishment over the charge of treason. Several delegates have also proposed allowing the Judiciary to arbitrate disputes between provincial governments and the Central Government, while others have called for that authority to either be vested in the Presidency or Legislature.
A strong Judiciary is necessary for pluralism to last!
A weak Judiciary is more conducive to governmental stability.
The [GetYear] Constitution
The Constitutional Convention was not without incident or controversy. Indeed, certain debates became dangerously heated. Not everyone saw their proposals codified, and many would consider the Constitutional draft an imperfect legal document. However, compromise was the ultimate winner of the Convention, and the Constitution ended up passing. It is too soon to tell if this Constitution will be remembered as a stabilising force for our Federal Republic or if it was but the first sign of troubles yet to arrive, but it is nonetheless the duty of the government to hereafter enforce this document as the Supreme law of the land.
May our Republic last for Ten Thousand Years!
An Offer From a Marshal
Ever since the fallout of the Xinhai Revolution, the North and South of the nation have continuously made attempts to bridge the monumental divide between their common sensibilities. At the end of Xinhai, Yuan Shikai and Sun Yat-sen sent their representatives to promulgate the Beiyang Republic. In the Warlord Era, various figures met intermittently to conduct the infamous North-South Peace Talks, to little success. In 1925, Sun Yat-sen and the Kuomintang attended Duan Qirui's National Unification Conference, which again sputtered into irrelevant bickering and served as pre-amble for the Northern Expedition. Only under coercion through force of arms was the North, under the Zhili, able to subjugate the South.\n\nBut folly and utopianism continues to loom large in the minds of many of China's leading figures, intermixed with pragmatism and opportunism. Of such a variety of offers is that of the most recent set of messages from [FNG.GetLeader], with some of his private envoys having even travelled all the way to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], requesting an audience with [ROOT.GetLeader]. Under dire circumstances of a war of national preservation, it would appear that attempts rekindle North-South unity have emerged once more.\n\nThe terms, as proposed by the Northern representatives, and their accompanying messages, are fairly simple. In layman's terms, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s administration and his allies would place themselves under the nominal jurisdiction of the Anguojun, and in-exchange, various promised reforms and political amendments, alongside assurances of autonomy, would be implemented after national unification.\n\nNaturally, such an offer is enticing, for it would prevent another bloody feud in a nation so marred by eternal conflict. But the words and promises of an unscrupulous Northerner can hardly be binding, and it takes a lot to trust a militarist so keen on his self-aggrandisement.
To unite the nation through words is a noble thing.
The North and South could never reconcile.
[FROM.GetLeader] Accepts Alliance!
Miraculously, it would appear that better minds and braver men have prevailed over political divisions and regional sentiments. Promising [FROM.GetLeader] a variety of reforms down-the-line, and of assuring their prestige and autonomy within the new Republic, we have managed to somewhat officially sanction their role as constituents of the Anguojun. Whilst this means very little at the present moment, it signifies both a new leaf for Chinese diplomacy, and assurances of their prospective loyalty upon the arrival of National Unification. However, this is all staked upon the fulfillment of our promises, something [FROM.GetLeader] and his allies will undoubtedly hold [ROOT.GetLeader] to.
Now, are we men of our word?
[FROM.GetLeader] Declines Alliance!
It would appear that like all attempts before it, any prospect of peaceful unification by the North and South cannot be ushered in through force of words alone. Even under such dire conditions such as the prospective annihilation by the hands of Tokyo, personalities and differences have prevailed over national unity. Whilst the war continues to rage, it would appear that we must fight with one-hand tied behind our backs, for preparation against the ambitions of [ROOT.GetLeader] and his cronies.
This is their mistake to make.
[FROM.GetLeader] Submits to [FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Uniting the once fairly disparate provincial movements of China has been nothing short of a Herculean task, and yet surprisingly recent efforts have blossomed into something of an informal arrangement of genuine intent. [FROM.GetLeader], recognised as the national flagbearer of such a movement, has managed to cooperate with various figures from provincial governors to national personalities to see the conclusion of the Chinese unification where it had failed in the 1920s. And for his part, [ROOT.GetLeader] has played a crucial role in the injection of momentum into the second rebound of Chinese unity.\n\nAnd it would appear that they are not the only force keen to parley with words. Oft derided as Japanese lackeys, traitors, isolated functionaries, or spent wastrels, the Fengtian Clique of the Northeast has seen itself resurge in prominence as of recent. Effectively the boogeyman of Beijing, they have finally managed to secure the city for a third time in recent history.\n\nAmongst all the fanfare, forced or willing, a curious flurry of messages and envoys have been seen descending from the Northern militarists, descended to meet with representatives of [FROM.GetLeader]. Whilst few within our own administration through that much would emerge from this contact, perhaps merely wartime protocols against the foreign imperialists, it would appear it has bloomed into something more. With promises of political reform in the future, the Anguojun has placed itself as the nominal overlords not only [FROM.GetLeader], but by extension [ROOT.GetLeader] too, without much say in the matter.
We must remain united...
Unification On Equal Terms
Bringing unification to China has been no easy task, and yet it would appear that the consistent, ever-present rival of the Zhili Government has finally emerged on top. Residing within their Northeast sanctuary, and backed by the Japanese, the Fengtian government has finally, for the third time, retaken Beijing. Running through the consequences of national unification, their government has been beset with critical economic shortcomings, and a wasteland of political support; few have forgotten the reputation of Fengtian's aficionados.\n\nFurthermore, it would appear that despite Marshal Zhang's best efforts, the fracturing Anguojun alliance has begun to tear itself apart. With the ambitions of Tokyo intermixed, a rapidly unfolding tornado of political rivalry and infighting has emerged under the Five Banner flag. The Shikan Clique, the Communications Clique, Recovery League, various democrats and other smaller cliques have all begun to feud over patronage positions and the direction of the government.\n\nSuffice to say, having been the largest bloc of non-descript affiliates of the Anguojun, there has been an increasing sense of resentment brewing in the South. Having hitched themselves under national duress to the Anguojun, it would appear they have become oft forgettin in the affairs of Beijing. With the unique position of Fengtian weakness on the playing field, many in [ROOT.GetLeader]'s government have advised a rebellion, or revolt, of sorts. For the South and North could never truly be united by mere frivolous peace talks.
They can hardly be trusted!
Wait our turn...
Let us work together, for a better future.
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Revolt
Following the realisation of Anguojun unification of China, the various cliques and power-holders in China's restored republic have begun to scramble for power and support across the country. Within regionalist sentiment lies a fear of growing government centralisation, corruption within the government ranks (all too well known to the Northeasterners), and a fear of dominance from Dongbei political cliques. With [FROM.GetLeader]'s supporters willing to back their claims with arms, a civil war is likely underway.\n\nThe Central Government of course is expected to have a major advantage, controlling China's major cities and commanding international legitimacy (at least for now) which as given them greater access to loans as well as a larger tax and manpower base to draft an army. The centralised Anguojun however still holds many disloyal regionalists within its ranks. Furthermore, [FROM.GetAdjective] regionalists are confident in the abilities of their forces and expect that others will rise up against the tyrannical dictatorship of the Central Government. And China is no stranger to upsets. What both sides can agree on, however, is that they will not tolerate another warlord era.
$UPC.twindragonevents.006.d.start$\n\nFeeling incensed due to a seeming betrayal of the priorities of the South for petty infighting within the Northern political establishment, [FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetRulingParty] have managed to rally a banner all too similar to the numerous Southern governments that precede them: Southern opposition to Northern Conservativism and corruption. Initially allied under terms of the War against Foreign Imperialists, it truly appears that only fools would believe in the ability to bridge North and South on words alone.
$UPC.twindragonevents.006.d.start$\n\nViewing the Northeasterner's commitments towards democracy and Federalism as nothing but a farce, the Southern Federalist Government, initially allied with the Anguojun due to wartime conditions, has placed itself in firm opposition to Dongbei and its desires. Insisting upon the principles of the Federalist movement as the only means for China to progress and advance, it would appear that China has descended once more into open conflict, and once more between the South and North.
They can't betray us, if we betray them first!
It was never going to work.
My loyalty was to the republic! To democracy!
The Federalist Compromise
Despite all pretence to the contrary, it would appear that the flashpoint alliance with the Southern Federalist movement during the War of National Resistance has blossomed into a new opportunity. A light shining in the darkness, the Federalist Government has acquiesced to the formal terms of the Anguojun alliance. Hoping, perhaps insisting, on the promulgation of a new movement to bring forward Federalism and Democracy within the Republic, the Fengtian and Federalist government's have to come to terms of mutual acknowledgement and respect; cemented by the appointment of Zhang Junmai, leading democrat, as Premier of the Republic.\n\nWhilst some pessimistically view his appointment as insurance, and others as a genuine idealist effort, Zhang has already begun to but heads with various members of the Northeastern Government, as he insists upon various reforms and appointments to be made almost nigh immediately. Similarly, he has found himself constrained and restricted by the isolating cliques of the Northeast, with few individuals willing to work with whom they deem to be a radical, or a socialist.\n\nNonetheless, the current state of affairs is still marred with tension, as many do not believe that [ROOT.GetLeader] will properly follow through with his end of the agreement. As such, various components of the Federalist's armed forces retain their autonomy within the Anguojun, and are on high alert. However, if the Marshal managed to fulfill his duties, against his best-judgement, he would be nothing short of a hero.
Ought to hold up our word, then.
§GWe have a working Federalist Democracy.§!
§RThe Republic Has Regressed to Authoritarianism.§!
§CThe piper will need to be paid in the future somehow...§!
§COur defensive stance may hurt future aggressive ambitions, but there will be a future reward...§!
§LThe §YGuangzhou Government§! will be unable to attack unless their §Ywar support§! is high enough!§!
£GFX_occupation_costs §H3% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
£GFX_occupation_costs §R3% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
It costs $UPC_3_enthusiasm_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£GFX_occupation_costs §H5% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
£GFX_occupation_costs §R5% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
It costs $UPC_5_enthusiasm_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
£GFX_occupation_costs §H10% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
£GFX_occupation_costs §R10% Democratic Enthusiasm§!
It costs $UPC_10_enthusiasm_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
§Y[UPC.GetNameDefCap] will be forced to either make up the difference or see §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! fall.§!
§Y[UPC.GetNameDefCap] may either allow §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! to rise or pocket the difference.§!
£manpower_texticon §Y30000§!
£manpower_texticon §R30000§!
It costs $UPC_spend_30000_manpower_blocked$ to take the decision
§LIf we have chosen §Y$UPC_the_path_of_negotiation$§!:§!
§LIf we have chosen §Y$UPC_the_march_to_war$§!:§!
We shall pursue §YUnification by Subjugation§!!
We shall pursue §YUnification by Negotiation§!!
§CThis national spirit will be removed if either we or our overlord become the Central Government.§!
§YThe §SChina Democratic League§! won our first elections.§!
§YThe §lGrand Republican Alliance§! won our first elections.§!
§YThe §SChina Democratic League§! won our second elections.§!
§YThe §lGrand Republican Alliance§! won our second elections.§!
§YWe are actively holding Federal elections.§!
§YWe will §Ggain £GFX_infiltrate_state_texticon 1 Campaign Action§!.§!
§RThe Central Government will have the ability to spend an equivalent amount of resources to nullify our efforts!§!
§YWe will receive a region unique event.§!
§YWe will receive an interest group event.§!
§YWe will receive an electoral challenge event.§!
§Y$UPC_elections_fire_election_challenges_event_tt$ Because we have successfully cracked down on election fraud, the odds of this happening has been reduced.§!
§YDuring peacetime, voters will tend towards moderation. At higher economic mobilisation, socialists will gain momentum. At our current mobilisation law:§!
§YExports is a sensitive political issue. Greater access to foreign ideas and capital tends to favour liberals and protectionism the nationalists. Lacking control of it will mobilise both.§!
§YA smaller (but not disarmed) military will generally benefit the statists. Higher levels of conscription force us to rely on regionalists for help.§!
§YPresidents will be elected by legislature, allowing the player to determine the outcome by spending political power and Democratic Enthusiasm.§!
§YPresidents will be elected by direct vote, increasing the impact of campaigning but also making elections determined immediately on election day.§!
§YBecause Presidents are elected directly, the impact of campaigning §Gis increased.§!§!
§YBecause Presidents are elected indirectly, we may freely choose a victor - paying political power and Democratic Enthusiasm proportionate to how many seats we need for a majority.§!
§YBecause Presidents are elected directly, the candidate with a greater number of votes will be elected President.§!
§YLegislature will be made up of 800 representatives distributed across the provinces proportionate to population.§!
§YLegislature will be made up of 900 representatives, with special representation for minorities and the diaspora. This will make campaigning in those regions more impactful.§!
§YLegislature will be made up of 900 representatives, with special representation for various professional occupations. This will increase the impact of some interest group events and make some more common.§!
§YLegislature will be made up of 1000 representatives, with special representation for minorities, the diaspora, and various professional occupations. This will increase the impact and frequency of associated events.§!
§YBecause the Constitution provides ethnic minorities and the diaspora have received special representation, the impact of this event has been increased.§!
§YBecause the Constitution provides various professions special representation, the impact of this event has been increased.§!
§YGranting Nation-wide Women's Suffrage will increase the frequency and impact of its associated events.§!
§YBecause the Constitution has granted women the right to vote nation-wide, the impact and frequency of this event has been increased.§!
$PARTY$ §Ycandidates will be banned from running for office. Democratic Enthusiasm will be deducted for every seat the banned party would have won.§!
$PARTY$ §Ycandidates will no longer be banned from running for office.§!
§YThe §RKuomintang§! has been banned.§!
§YThe §PIndependent Regionalists§! have been banned.§!
§YThe §nYoung China Party§! has been banned.§!
§YCracking down on electoral fraud will reduce the number of Electoral Challenges Events in future elections.§!
§YBecause the government has taken steps to crack down on electoral fraud, the impact and frequency of this event has been reduced.§!
§YThe Federal Government has cracked down on electoral fraud.§!
§YStabilising the democratic system will convert the monthly Democratic Enthusiasm penalty during elections to a small bonus to the opposition's popularity growth in future elections.§!
§YThe Chinese democratic system has been stabilised.§!
§RThe opposition will make moves. Because our democratic system is not stabilised:§!
§GThe opposition will make moves. Because our democratic system is stabilised:§!
§YDepoliticising the military will increase the threshold needed for democratic backsliding.§!
§YThe Federal Military has been thoroughly depoliticised.§!
§YThe depoliticisation of the military has reduced the frequency and impact of this event.§!
§YThe incumbent President is a GRA aligned.§!
§YThe incumbent President is a §Rnot§! GRA aligned.§!
§YThe incumbent President is a CDL aligned.§!
§YThe incumbent President is a §Rnot§! CDL aligned.§!
§YWe will begin campaigning as the GRA§!
§YWe will begin campaigning as the CDL§!
§GThe incumbent party has received a bonus because Democratic Enthusiasm is $UPC_bop_emerging_idealism$ or higher!§!
§RThe opposition party has received a bonus because Democratic Enthusiasm is lower than $UPC_bop_emerging_idealism$!§!
£GFX_infiltrate_state_texticon §Y1 Campaign Action§!
£GFX_infiltrate_state_texticon §R1 Campaign Action§!
It costs $UPC_01_campaign_action_blocked$ to take the decision
§YThe makeup of the National Assembly has been updated. Democratic Enthusiasm will be subtracted based on the number of seats banned parties would have won.§!
Interacting with the Campaign
Interacting with Enthusiasm
§RThe Federalist Democratic Experiment will come to an end.§!
§YForces privy towards ending the Federalist Democratic Experiment will be blocked from seizing the reigns of government!§!
§GWe will now be able to negotiate coalition agreements to form a working government.§!
§GWe will be able to form a majority government.§!§RWe will no longer be able to negotiate with other coalition partners.§!
§ROur majority government will come to an end.§!§GWe will be able to negotiate with other coalition partners.§!
§GWe have formed a majority government.§!
§RWe are opponents in the Assembly, and therefore are not part of the same coalition.§!
§YOur coalition partners expect at least one promise fulfilled each year or else §Rthey will leave the coalition!§!§!
§YEvery coalition partner we add will §rIncrease§! the cost of further alliances and will come with promises that §rwe must fulfil by completing expensive focuses.§!§!
§YThe cost of further alliances will §GDecrease§!.§!
§YThe $UPC_KMT_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_CDL_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_GRA_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_REP_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_DCP_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_STA_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_REG_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $UPC_YCP_party$ is in our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $PARTY$ will join our governing coalition.§!
§YThe $PARTY$ will leave our governing coalition.§!
§YDue to our coalition with the $PARTY$:§!
§YWe will fulfil one coalition promise for the $PARTY_LONG$.§!
§YA new Balance of Power for §fDemocratic Enthusiasm§! will appear.§!
Democratic Enthusiasm of the Federalists
Democratic Enthusiasm of the Federalists
Federalist Pragmatism
Federalist Utopianism
Emerging Realism
Developing Realism
Bitter Realism
Emerging Idealism
Growing Idealism
Romantic Idealism
§GEnthusiasm within the movement will rise by a §Ysmall§! amount!§!
§GEnthusiasm within the movement will rise by a §Ymedium§! amount!§!
§GEnthusiasm within the movement will rise by a §Ylarge§! amount!§!
§GEnthusiasm within the movement will rise by a §Yhuge§! amount!§!
§GEnthusiasm within the movement will rise by a §Yenormous§! amount!§!
§REnthusiasm within the movement will fall by a §Ysmall§! amount!§!
§REnthusiasm within the movement will fall by a §Ymedium§! amount!§!
§REnthusiasm within the movement will fall by a §Ylarge§! amount!§!
§REnthusiasm within the movement will fall by a §Yhuge§! amount!§!
§REnthusiasm within the movement will fall by a §Yenormous§! amount!§!
§R$UPC_low_enthusiasm_side$ is rising within the Federalist Movement, representing regionalism, provincial strongman-ism, and intellectual elitism. This comes to the primary benefit of the conservative wing of the movement, though even conservative factions require some enthusiasm to keep movement's momentum going. Be warned however, the more it grows the harder it becomes to stop, should it grow too high we will be indistinguishable from the warlords.§!
§G$UPC_high_enthusiasm_side$ is rising within the Federalist Movement, representing national solidarity, growing democratic sentiment, and a commitment to constitutionalism. This comes to the primary benefit of the progressive wing of the movement, though all factions expect some enthusiasm to keep the movement's momentum going. Be warned however, the greater it grows the more difficult it becomes to control, especially as the lower ranks begin to buck the status quo.§!
