Denmark Focus Tree
§RThe 'Black Monday' stock market crash will devastate our economy!§!
§CWe will be able to renew these bonuses§! §Ronly§! §Cwhile they are still active!§!
Crisis in Denmark
The Mitteleuropean Economic Crisis has arrived in Denmark, and already Thorvald Stauning and his government have been pressured to take the crisis by its reins and recover from it as quickly as possible. Unfortunately, such desires have been largely gated by an impasse in the Rigsdag, which has prevented any bills from being passed without approval by the opposition. This deadlock has led to ongoing negotiations with the §S'Socials' coalition§! of Stauning and his allies against §mVenstre§! and the opposition. This window will showcase the effects of negotiations to come, and it will conclude if the Kanslergade agreement comes to pass.\n\nKeeping the §Scabinet policy support§! equal to or less than the §mconcessions we make to the opposition§! will ensure that §mVenstre§! will be satisfied enough to let our bill pass. However, prioritising our own agenda to appease §lRadikale Venstre§! and our coalition will only lead to detriment, as none of these bills can pass the Rigsdag in its current state.\n\nThe support for our cabinet's policies is: §S[?DEN_cabinet_policy_support]§!\n\nThe level of concessions to the opposition is: §m[?DEN_opposition_concessions]§!\n\nThe number of pooled economic credits we have is: §Y[?DEN_economic_credits]§!\n§gFor every economic credit we are able to acquire in surplus at the end of this focus tree, economic recovery will become noticeably quicker. Alternatively, economic credits may be spent in the succeeding tree for powerful bonuses.§!
The cabinet is ready to tackle the crisis.
Dealing with the Pacifist Accord
The time has come once again for Peter Munch to submit yet another demilitarisation bill to parliament, and this time he faces far more than just light resistance and a slap on the wrist. [GetSecondInCommand] has drafted an entire plan of action in order to convince Peter Munch to not only step down from his plans but also to convince the rest of the government that remilitarisation must come to pass. Danish neutrality is secure for the time being, but his plans go against KF-Venstre's idea, backed by the king, that Denmark needs to remilitarise.\n\nThe pacifist accord will come apart at the seams no matter what, but we can speed up the process through several methods.\n\nFirstly, we can invite Marshal Prior into negotiations with Munch and stress the necessity of the army in defending Danish democracy and sovereignty.\n\nSecondly, Munch may be an important factor of our coalition, but some heavier threats, including the status of his position and the role of Radikale Venstre in important cabinet positions, could persuade him into agreeing. However, this act will not be popular, and our own popularity will suffer.\n\nLastly, concessions to Radikale Venstre in terms of reforms that they desire will go a long way in ensuring that remilitarisation passes smoothly. Paying this price in the short term will prove fruitful for our remilitarisation efforts in the long term.
First Phase of Remilitarisation
Second Phase of Remilitarisation
Final Phase of Remilitarisation
Army-Involved Negotiations
[GetSecondInCommand] opens negotiations with Munch alongside Marshal Prior, stressing not only the necessity for the army to protect democracy but also for Denmark to not fall to the extremes. Prior will stress that the primary goal of the army is to defend Danish sovereignty, and further demilitarisation will only run Denmark asunder, especially if our neighbour Germany falters to revanchist forces from the east and west.
Threaten Munch
Negotiations have gone off the rails, and as such, perhaps we should remind Munch of his position as Minister of Foreign Affairs and threaten to diminish Radikale Venstre's role in cabinet positions should he not accept some form of remilitarisation. Demands on this level will have destabilising effects on our governance, but knowing Munch's pride, he likely won't follow through on these threats.
Welfare Compromises
Long have the plans for the welfare state been criticised for undue government spending in sectors that Radikale Venstre disagrees with. By alleviating their concerns on spending and reallocating the necessary funds to the remilitarisation efforts instead, Peter Munch will have no choice but to acquiesce.
Social Spending
Madsen-Mygdal and his position on social reforms, much of which propagated Stauning's prime ministership, go against both his and his coalition partner's views on the matter. Despite this, Radikale Venstre ensured our majority in the last election, and perhaps throwing a minor token of adjustments to laws in certain sectors will appease his position on increased remilitarisation efforts.
Settling the Constitutional Crisis
[DEN_GetConstitutionalCrisisDesc]\n\nOur current level of influence is: §G[?DEN_influence_power]§!\n\n§GTo win this decisive struggle, our government must achieve higher than §G10§! influence.§!\n\n§WOur current level of corruption is: §R[?DEN_corrupt_token]§!\n\nWe must be careful to ensure that corruption does not get out of hand. Completing too many decisions at once may prove catastrophic for our government, and the king will take notice of this.§!\n§RIf our corruption reaches§! §Y\
Resolve the Crisis
In order to safeguard the future and wellbeing of democracy in Denmark, we must do whatever it takes to push our agenda forth!
Danish Freedom Crisis
Naval Research Institute
The naval research institute will facilitate research towards various pieces of technology to better our ships, but it will take time and investments. By completing focuses in the naval branch of the military tree, we can gain credits to spend on bonuses for research.\n\nFunds for naval research: [?DEN_naval_credits]
Institute Module Research
Institute Radar Research
Institute Destroyer Research
Institute Submarine Research
Institute Cruiser Research
Our §GInfluence§! level will raise by §G2§!
Our §RCorruption§! level will raise by §R1§!
Our §RCorruption§! level will be reset!
We have agreed to the king's demands.
We have opposed the king's demands.
§RThe statsraad will now hold its first ever election.§!
§YThe Kanslergade Agreement will §Gsucceed§!, breaking the deadlock in parliament.§!
§YThe Kanslergade Agreement will §Rfail§!, and Stauning will be forced to §Rcall for new elections§!§!
Effects if §YJohn Christmas Møller§! is Second in Command:
Effects if §YJack Westergaard§! is Second in Command:
If the KF coalition is maintained:
If the Liberal coalition is formed:
This focus will determine whether Denmark will maintain the status quo or perhaps negotiate to restore the §YForenede Venstre.§!\n§GThe fate of Danish Liberalism will be decided.§!
This event will determine the status of our rule and whether or not democracy shall be restored.
Restricted elections between parties approved by the king will be held in §GOne Month!§!
Implementing §Rmore than three out of five§! of Stauning's plans will result in §lRadikale Venstre§! dismantling our coalition.
§GAll levels of anger will be removed!§!
§RDenmark will definitely reject a demand of this nature.§!
§RBOPA and the Freedom Council will continue efforts until the war is over, albeit at a highly reduced capacity.§!
The Prime Minister sided with the King and survived the political crisis.
§RAs long as the§! §YPacifist Accord national spirit§! §Rremains in effect, rearmament will destabilise the country.§!
§RThe§! §YPacifist Accord national spirit§! §Rstill hampers much of our country's ability to rearm, and further rearmament will destabilise the country.§!
§RThe§! §YPacifist Accord national spirit§! §Rstill hampers some of our country's ability to rearm, and further rearmament will destabilise the country.§!
§RThis military path goes against our cabinet's wishes, and thus will be costly to pursue.§!
§Y1§! Naval Credit
§R1§! Naval Credit
It costs $DEN_credit_1_cost$ to take this decision.
§Y2§! Naval Credit
§R2§! Naval Credit
It costs $DEN_credit_2_cost$ to take this decision.
§GThis focus will provide§! $RIGHT|Y0$ §Gnaval credits!§!
Influence level is greater than §G10§!
Modify §GCabinet Policy Support§! by: $RIGHT|+=0$
Modify §ROpposition Concessions§! by: $RIGHT|+=0$
Modify §YEconomic Credits§! by: $RIGHT|+=0$
§GOnce this mission has run its course, we will be able to respond to the crisis.§!
§GSelecting this option will upgrade the effects of the focuses §Y$DEN_devalue_the_krona$§! and §Y$DEN_strengthen_the_krona$§!.§!
We have chosen to abandon the gold standard.
\nThe effects of this focus will be upgraded if the §Y$DEN_kanslergaden$§! succeeded and we have chosen to abandon the gold standard in §Y$DEN_positioning_krone$§!.\n\n
§Y1 EC§!
§R1 EC§!
§GThis focus' effects will become known once we have chosen our economic recovery plan.§!
§GThis focus' effects will be upgraded should our relations with Russia exceed 50.§!
§GThis focus' effects will be upgraded should our relations with Canada exceed 50.§!
§GFor every economic credit remaining, to a maximum of 5, the final economic recovery time will be reduced by 50 days.§!
§GThe economy is expected to fully recover after [?DEN_BM_remove_time|Y0] days.§!
§RThis path can be accessed if§! §SSocialdemokratiet§! §Rremained in power following the Snap Election of 1936 and Stauning is ousted in the Constitutional Crisis.§!
§GThis path can be accessed if:§! §SSocialdemokratiet§! §Gremained in power following the Snap Election of 1936, Stauning successfully opposes the king in the Constitutional Crisis, and decides to adapt socialist ideals after German Negotiations fail.§!
§RThis path can be accessed if§! §mVenstre§! §Rtook power following the Snap Election of 1936 and Madsen-Mygdal is ousted in the Constitutional Crisis.§!
Atlas Maskinfabrik A/S
Bang & Olufsen
Novo Terapeutisk Laboratorium
Dansk Industri Syndikat A/S
Danske Tekniske Korps
De Forenede Motorfabrikker
Frichs Maskinfabrik
Flyvertroppernes Værksteder
Flyvemaskineværksted
Odense Staalskibsværft
Burmeister & Wain
Aalborg Værft
Burmeister & Wain Engines
Coastal Defence Ship Modernisation
Improve the Weibel Prototype
Madsen Heavy Machine Guns
Fodfolkskanoner
Feltkanoner
Madsen 20 mm Canon
Repurposed Triangel Factories
Economic Crisis in Mitteleuropa
The stock crisis that hit Berlin soon found its way to the Børsen in Copenhagen. Our economy is suffering because of it!
Saving Landmandsbanken
Policy of Non-Interference
Agricultural Depression
As a result of the crisis that is rocking Europe, Danish farmers, a sizeable chunk of the Danish economy, are having trouble selling their goods, and the lack of spending on their part extends the damage into other sectors.
Interventionist Economic Policy
Heeding the ideas of the German Economists Tarnow and Baade, Denmark is tackling the crisis by investing in public works to stimulate recovery.
Public Construction Projects
The Danish government is heavily investing in public works to give the unemployed a chance at earning a living for themselves.
Inflation Control: Weak Krone
The Danish Krone is being artificially held in order to make Danish produce relatively cheap, giving its producers a small edge versus the competition.
German Trade
Profits from Trade with Denmark
State Relief Programmes
Although costly, large-scale government intervention has ensured that the average citizen can live in dignity while our economy slowly gets back on track.
Universal Healthcare
Although expensive, a universal healthcare system ensures the well-being of all Danish citizens.
Austerity Economic Policy
By cutting down on government spending and raising taxes, Denmark is hoping to regain control of the ongoing crisis.
A Self-Sufficient Denmark
High Investor Confidence
Efforts by the Danish government to increase investors' trust in the Danish system have paid off, with investors confidently looking at potential Danish investments.
Private Investment
Companies are investing in Denmark, opening factories and shops, relieving the crisis haunting Denmark.
Inflation Control: Secure Krone
The government has ensured that enough gold is being held to secure the Danish Krone, rendering it safe to invest in.
Private Welfare System
The Danish government is supporting companies offering insurance, in order to establish a small private welfare system.
Convoy Development Efforts
Danish Film Industry
The Danish were one of the first to invest in motion pictures and their film industry still holds significance today, even if their market share shrunk a bit at the convenience of Babelsberg.
Defence Focus
Denmark has been focusing on its defensive measures - the best odds for this small neutral country in the shadow of a hegemon.
Unwavering Morale
If Denmark's forces stand, they shall not break! We shall make up in courage what we lack in size!
Motorised Military
In the modern day and age, infantry on foot simply cannot compete against those with the strategic blessing of the automobile.
Establishing Special Forces
Without a large population, a small and specialised professional army is Denmark's best bet.
Jægerkorpset
The Jæger corps is Denmark's elite special operations force. It traces its origins to the Jæger Corps of Zealand, established in 1785 against threats emerging from Sweden, Great Britain, and Prussia.
Jægerkorpset
The Jæger corps is Denmark's elite special operations force. It traces its origins to the Jæger Corps of Zealand, established in 1785 against threats emerging from Sweden, Great Britain, and Prussia.
Flyvevåbnet
We have merged the aerial branches of both the army and the navy into one separate and professional air force - one that our foes will fear.
Undervands Flåde
Denmark will never be able to build a large enough fleet to compete with its more powerful enemies, but a fleet of submarines capable of harassing the enemy's trade will make do.
Divided Military Loyalty
Not everyone in the Danish Hær is equally convinced that the king's actions were the right ones.
Rigsfagforbund
The Rigsfagsforbund is the national trade union of Denmark, controlled by the government and mandatory for all Danes.
Restoring Normalcy to Denmark's Workplaces
The government is trying its best to persuade the owners of several major production facilities to restore normalcy to the workplace.
Strike
To force lower wages and prevent inflation, the government has convinced the owners of several major production facilities to prevent their employees from entering the premises.
Farmers' Strike
In protest, many farmers are refusing to sell their goods, hoping that prices will rise as a result.
Landsting Controlled by Opposition
The Danish upper house is under the control of the opposition, hamstringing the government's capacity to make laws.
Accessible Country
Our significant investments in the infrastructure of our country, previously in a relatively shabby state, have paid off. Besides the obvious economic benefits, it also means the military can be more easily assembled and brought together for training.
Fortification Campaign
Føderationen-led General Strike
The Kommunistisk Føderation have rallied the workers behind them to oppose the new authoritarian government appointed by the king. As such, our industry has been slowed to a stop until these Internationale-sponsored goons are dealt with.
Føderationen-led General Strike
The Kommunistisk Føderation continues to vie against our royal and rightful government. Already, our brave soldiers have been forcing the workers back into the factories, with some of the opposition having been arrested. However, the main leadership of the opposition remains at large.
Føderationen-led General Strike
The Kommunistisk Føderation general strike has mostly been contained by those brave men loyal to the safety and security of Denmark. With the fall of the last remaining leaders of the tyrannical Kommunistisk Føderation, Denmark can breathe a sigh of relief as it slowly returns to working order.
Relics of the Welfare State Reforms
Under pressure from the radical members of the KF, Pürschel has decided to start reversing many of the reforms passed by Stauning. While turning back the clock will only make our regime more unpopular, it is a necessary step to quell the state of Stauning's excesses.
The King and his Country
No longer shall Denmark struggle against the plight of the working man, and no longer shall he rally against that which is God-given. King Christian X shall lead Denmark into a new golden age, and his good country shall aid him in this goal. All of Denmark is his bodyguard!
Royal Conscription
There will never be a time where Denmark finds itself at war and will be satisfied with its recruitment. The fatherland may be a small country with a limited pool to recruit able-bodied men, but that is no excuse to hold back. Denmark needs its sons now, and these brave new soldiers will be holy Denmark's sword and shield.
Opposition in Open Protest
Yet another attempt to undermine Danish democracy has been allowed to succeed. While the new government has declared their devotion to upholding democracy, the opposition, led by Thorvald Stauning, have protested against the new conservative government. This has caused an undue amount of unrest amongst the people, and it would be wise to do all that is possible to quell their concerns.
Spectre of Danish Democracy
Despite Westergaard's best efforts, the desires for democracy in Denmark to return are unending. Despite the opposition's open protests being quelled, moves are being made in the mist and should peace return to Denmark, perhaps Westergaard's rule will come to a tumultuous end.
Total Devotion
Our soldiers must fight with the proper amount of honour and glory, for it is their servitude to their king that they fight so well. While unparalleled on the battlefield, we must instil a sense of loyalty alongside their strong sense of duty and responsibility.
Intolerable Rule
The decision made to permanently abstain from restoring democracy and continuing rule by those appointed by the king has caused considerable unrest across the country. In the long run, such a decision will probably reflect poorly on the legitimacy of our rule and only increase dissent, but for now, Denmark shall continue under the rule of the KF.
Industrial Rearmament
Møller plans to rearm Danish industry through a programme of converting certain civilian factories to military factories over a set period. It is important to strive for a balance between producing civilian goods and arms, to avoid disrupting the lives of our citizens as much as possible.
Reassure Rural Supporters
There have been doubts within the old rural base of the KF about Møller's commitment to parliamentary democracy. We must assure them that we uphold democracy and the founding ideals of the KF to this day, and that we will not bend to the autocrat wing of the party.
Møller's Recruitment Plan
Møller's plan advocates for a gradual conscription of the population to suit various needs across our already undermanned armed forces, so that we can better prepare for the battles ahead.
Westergaard's Recruitment Plan
Westergaard plans to drastically expand the KU and officialise recruits from its ranks to serve as dedicated battalions within the armed forces. While wholly inexperienced and young, many in the KU are loyal to our cause, and we should be able to outfit thousands within a several months' period.
Pürschel's Support
Formal leader of the KF's autocrat wing, Victor Pürschel has thrown in his lot with Westergaard's bid to secure power. Westergaard and Pürschel share similar views, thus it is natural that the rest of his wing of the Konservative Folkeparti should support Westergaard's movement.
Chaos in Copenhagen
Anger has boiled over to violence in the streets of Copenhagen. Men, women, and children are being caught in the crossfire of a bloody protest which is sure to leave a long-lasting effect on the city as a whole.
Empowered Konservative Ungdom
The Konservative Ungdom (Young Conservatives) have aided in securing the country in Westergaard's name, but we shall not stop there. The KU shall be integrated within specific brigades of our armed forces, ensuring not only loyalty but also bolstering our ranks.
Increased Executive Power
While still strapped down by the party, Jack Westergaard has ambitions to increase the power of his position twofold, having slowly passed laws signing more power away from parliament and towards himself. The moderates in the KF have expressed concern, but there is not much they can do.
Protected Markets
Ensuring a strong degree of trade protectionism is important to aid the Danish economy, and ensure that Danish markets stay stable even through financial crises.
Enforced Constitutionalism
With Westergaard unable to challenge Danish democracy, now is the time to enforce full constitutional power. Nothing will stop the process!
Funktionærer Investments
Dedicated economic investments that will aid our main voter base will improve our chances of winning future elections, though the opposition will surely catch up decades from now.
Venstre-KF Coalition
Maintaining our coalition with the KF was essential to ensuring our party survives the next election. While many in Venstre disapprove of the demands to rearm the country in the face of upcoming wars, there is little we can do but appease them.
Liberal Coalition
The prospect of Venstre and Radikale Venstre cooperating once more may seem extremely odd to many abroad, considering the means in which Radikale Venstre departed from our party three decades ago. Ongoing negotiations and met demands have led to the two liberal parties blossoming once more, which can only prove fruitful towards the centrist Venstre's survival.
Support from Farmers
Farmers make up a relatively high portion of the Venstre voting base, though the widespread industrialisation over the past century has dwindled the party's dominance. Supporting the farmers will pay off in the long run, aiding in continual electoral victories.
Resumed Recruitment
Denmark has not seen the horrors of war for many decades, but while witnessing the horrors of the Weltkrieg, Denmark must prepare itself for involvement by greatly increasing the size of its armed forces. Such efforts are not to be taken lightly but will assuredly be popular with much of the KF.
Centre-Right Dominance
Coalesced into a coalition spanning the moderate right wings of the KF and Venstre, it seems that Danish centre-right dominance has been cemented for years to come. While Stauning and Socialdemokratiet will soon gain momentum once peace returns to Denmark, Venstre and KF will usher in a bright future for every Danish citizen.
Rehabilitate Antimilitarists
Much of Radikale Venstre separated from our party decades ago to oppose militarisation, instead supporting pacifism and neutrality. While Denmark will inevitably be drawn into war again, concessions will have to be made to win back their support and continue reforms to modernise and develop the Danish army.
United Liberals
In a surprising turn of events, Forenede Venstre has been reformed following extensive negotiations between Radikale Venstre and Venstre itself, including Denmark's exit from a military alliance with Germany. Only time can tell whether Venstre will survive united once more or if it will only fracture again in the future.
Pure Democracy
Forces from the far-left and right will do all in their power to overturn Danish democracy. But today, democracy triumphs and continues to endure.
Oppositional Agitation
Until now, Thorvald Stauning's pragmatism has won bipartisan support from the opposition, but his new revisions to the constitution and promises made during the last election have worried much of the opposition. The opposition has openly warned Stauning that support will bottom out should Stauning stray too far from the aforementioned 'compromise' detailed in his electoral speech. Should Stauning tread carefully, his dreams for the most modern welfare state across the world will come to fruition.
Extended Pensions
To provide a more comfortable life in retirement for those among us who are no longer able to work, the government has decided to increase spending on the financing of pensions, as was outlined in K.K. Steincke's Social Reform Bill.
Clarified Social Laws
For a long time, Social Laws have been unorganised and divided into nearly a hundred different rules and regulations, some of which have been lost in time. By carefully identifying and clarifying these laws, the attributes of the modern Danish renaissance man will become known across the country.
Pacified Antimilitarists
Regardless of the means by which Denmark shall choose to arm itself, whether or not it will find itself at war is non-negotiable. A war may be on the horizon at any moment, and thus the antimilitarist elements that make up Radikale Venstre and Socialdemokratiet must go.
Expanded Welfare Bureaucracy
Expanding and centralising the up-and-coming bureaucracy will do wonders towards the expansion of the Danish welfare state and will be a boon in the long run to further manage government expenses towards making the life of the average Danish citizen better.
Modern Welfare Reforms
Socialdemokratiet's success in negotiations and compromises with Radikale Venstre has blossomed into what will forever endure as the modern welfare state, a model for those across the world to admire. Continued investment and development of K.K. Steincke's New Social Laws, as they are implemented, will only further cement the legacy of Socialdemokratiet's place in Danish history.
Halted Reforms
For better or for worse, Radikale Venstre has triumphed over the disgraced Socialdemokratiet, with the government having collapsed due to overwhelming pressure against the expansive and invasive welfare reforms. While this new government will aid in maintaining the spirit of Socialdemokratiet's programme, much of the state budget will be rediverted and put to better use at the behest of the average Danish citizen.
Defending the Statsraad System
Our young socialist republic has been under attack from reactionary forces abroad since its inception. While it will take years to achieve the goals we set in the Statsraad Congress, we must ensure that its ideals remain protected from outside threats.
True Danish Socialism
Advocated by the charismatic leader of the DVSP faction within Føderationen, Aksel's plans revolve around the incorporation of councilism to break the dominance of the trade unions, as well as the building of a Danish mass party. He has caught much attention from the other factions, and his plans may destabilise the future camaraderie held so far since the founding of Føderationen, but only time will tell how far he will go.
Venstrekommunisme
Venstrekommunisme, or Left Communism, is just one of the many influences that Aksel Larsen has adopted within the DVSP. The party line calls for broad power to the workers without being trapped within bureaucratic trade unions. Larsen will stop at nothing to help transform Denmark into a guiding star for many other socialist movements to take inspiration from.
Bridged Gap
To aid in the liberation of the workers and further the end of exploitation, Larsen has announced that the divide between rural and urban Denmark shall end. Public works programmes will help in bringing up every sector of Danish society. Denmark's agricultural sector, in particular, plummeted with industrialisation, so it will need special attention.
Red Welfare
Føderationen Stauningerne has finally completed its plans for the Danish welfare state with a socialist tinge, developed to completion with the help of Sigvald Hellberg and former radicals from Socialdemokratiet. The welfare reforms and all of K.K. Steincke's new social legislation passed without a hitch, in large part because there was no need to rely on a coalition with Radikale Venstre or the opposition in the Landsting to paralyse the government's ability to pass legislation. While unstable, Denmark shall drive itself into a future where every citizen is equal.
Sailor Socialism
For too long have the sailors within the trade union Søfyrbødernes Forbund been subjected to the defunding of the navy and reallocation of industries towards the so-called welfare state. Richard Jensen will not stand for this injustice against the most arduous and dedicated Danish citizens, the brave and young sailors. The government will prioritise the enhancement of our naval capabilities while addressing these historical inequities.
Endless Revolutionary Struggle
Richard Jensen espouses the endless revolutionary struggle which goes beyond the implementation of the Statsraad congress and his assumption to power. Contrary to many other factions, Jensen notes that the revolutionary struggle for the working class is an ongoing fight, and every Danish worker must be vigilant.
Collaborative Community
Richard Jensen's past shows how Denmark should become a wholly collaborative community which inspires each Danish citizen to remember their commitment to each other. The Danish state is built upon the idea that the sin of poverty must be abolished; we must look out for our fellow Dane and take care of each other.
FS Supremacy
The Union of Trade Unions, or the Fagoppositionens Sammenslutning, shall now be given the authority to govern every single trade union in Denmark. While revoking the independence of many trade unions has agitated many workers, Christian Christensen has assured that the FS will serve as a body to maintain and regulate the development of each trade union, ensuring equal opportunity and representation for the Danish worker.
Industrial Freedom
Many in the old guard of Enhedspartiet clamour about the lack of representation for all industries and regularly debate the inequalities when it comes to trade union representation across the country. By introducing new laws and regulations, to be governed and maintained by the FS, Christian Christensen has declared that by freeing Danish industry, so too shall its workers be free.
Sexual Liberation
Sexual liberation, at least in Denmark, has not made headway since its inception. Christian Christensen has declared that true sexual liberation should begin at once to tackle issues plaguing society.
Revolutionary Springboard
The Kommunarders have declared time and time again that Denmark is the perfect revolutionary springboard to export the revolution into the farther north of Scandinavia. Our comrades need support, even despite the setbacks of the Danish nation.
Party State Sycophancy
To achieve freedom for the Danish worker, one must become nothing more than a sycophant to the state and to the party. Only with devout loyalty and brave dedication can Denmark truly squash the reactionaries still enduring and resisting the Danish state. Regular purges and vivid anti-capitalist agitation are the means by which the Danish worker will free itself from the abhorrent system of the past.
Scandinavian Arm of the Revolution
The Danish army is lacking in more ways than one, and to truly combat nations abroad in Europe and across the world, the Danish army must greatly be expanded and modernised. Fortunately, advisors from France and Britain are arriving in droves for that exact reason.
Reactionary Backlash
Unsurprisingly, agitators from the Konservative Folkeparti, led by Jack Westergaard, have begun battles on the streets of Copenhagen. This has not only begun to destabilise our efforts to wrest control over the country, but has also forced a part of our army to disband to deal with this threat. While there is no threat of an active coup to restore the monarchy, efforts must be made to suppress these insurgents lest they force our revolution to collapse.
Moderate Economic Demands
Under pressure from the German ambassador, the Germans have required us to redirect trade mainly towards the German Empire, while also giving Germany preferential trade deals. While these demands will not entirely cripple or put a hefty strain on the Danish economy, it is still a nuisance that we must deal with in order to maintain sovereignty.
Hefty Economic Demands
Had it not been for the looming German invasion, Thorvald Stauning may have been thrown out of office for accepting such demands. This agreement signs away a quarter of Danish industry to aid in the construction of German war infrastructure, factories, and natural resource deposit extraction. The toll this places on the Danish economy is severe, but if it means Denmark will be able to maintain neutrality, then there is no choice.
Alone Against the World
Our decision to remain independent and stand against the tide of reactionaries and socialists alike has been a tough choice. The government is in the process of preparing a permanent and active draft as long as Denmark remains on the frontlines, having been reduced to one of the last free nations in Europe. Citizen militia, irregular formations, and the constant draft of service troops are being prepared as every Danish citizen steels themselves for an inevitable conflict, should the west or the east come to force our hand.
BOPA Attacks
The Danish Freedom Council, led by Børge Houmann, has intensified their efforts to disrupt the ongoing war effort and free Denmark of its chains bound towards the Kaiserreich. Having declared that Danish citizens are bound as subjects in chains to Germany, they will do anything to ensure that Denmark regains its freedom, even if the goal is to align with the Internationale to the west. Indirectly supported by the Kommunard faction of Føderationen, BOPA and the Freedom Council will be a serious thorn in our side.\n\nSettling this crisis will take a matter of either a concerted effort by the army or the police. The police, however, will not be able to totally quash this operation during the war.
Army in Neglect
The Danish army and the Danish defence system as a whole are afflicted by a lack of control in military leadership. A significant portion of the budget is initially deliberated in the Rigsdag and is overseen by the Minister of Defence. Recently, the foreign minister, Peter Munch, has continued to impede army developments in his pursuit of ultimately abolishing it. Consequently, while the government has the ability to allocate funds for projects without delay, the army is unable to maintain the optimal level of strength.
Outdated Navy
The Danish navy is made up of mainly older destroyers and submarines, and due to Denmark's middling naval budget and naval industry, there is little that can be produced besides screening vessels. Much of the fleet as it stands has been refitted to modern standards, but that does not display much aptitude for new design development. Our flagship, the Peder Skram, is a relic from before the Weltkrieg and is largely obsolete, a sister ship of the Herluf Trolle and Olfert Fischer, which have been sold for scrap amidst the disastrous cost to maintain them. Navy leadership is largely bent to the will of the state budget, which has been diverted towards other economic and social affairs.
Pacifist Accord
The Pacifist Accord, or the agreement for neutrality, particularly with Radikale Venstre Peter Munch, holds strong with general support from Socialdemokratiet and Radikale Venstre's coalition. The eventual end goal of demolishing the army and pursuing true neutrality at the behest of the coalition hamstrings any efforts for the government to militarise. The opposition and even King Christian X have decried that Denmark must remilitarise, citing the Syndicalist threats in Paris and London, but Socialdemokratiet and Radikale Venstre have been silent on the matter.\n\n§RThe moderate left coalition aims to pass a new demilitarisation bill come 1937, since it was denied several years ago. For now, remilitarisation will have severe costs, and conscription is disabled.§!
Pacifist Accord - Partial
Many forms of the Pacifist Accord restrictions are in effect, but due to our efforts, Peter Munch is becoming convinced of our cause day by day.
Pacifist Accord - Diminished
Only a few restrictions remain on the army, and conscription being introduced is looking less and less likely to be vetoed by Radikale Venstre. Peter Munch has received significant support in negotiations and has all but acquiesced on the issue.
Delaying Units
Units of Irregular or Light Infantry have begun deployment following Erik With's plan to regularly staff the border with such units. While they are not fit for combat, the approximate time in which they may have to do battle with regular infantry, combat artillery bombardments, and even potentially engage in anti-tank warfare is highly likely. Thus, an expansion of training and developing strong irregular units will be essential to our army.
Aerial Army
Not only will Denmark expand its air force to contend with the rest of Scandinavia, it shall be a fighting force to be reckoned with. While our army may be reduced to a small, elite, mobile force, our air force shall strike fear into the hearts of anyone who dares challenge the balance of power in Europe. Therefore, Danish planes will be created with the idea that the air force is a second organised army, able to carry out both land and air assaults with supreme efficiency.
Armoured Experiments
As it stands, Denmark has little experience utilising armoured units in warfare, nor has it actively pursued such an endeavour due to the cost and inexperience with such pieces of technology. However, there has been success in studies within using armour in an infantry supporting role, so we have thus created limited armour units to support our troops on the battlefield.
Developed Reserve
The outright mobilisation of more of our populace is inefficient and will take a great deal of effort and strife. In lieu of the aforementioned strategy, we will implement a continuous mobilisation of our reserve forces, thereby ensuring the immediate availability of Danish troops to reinforce frontline troops in a prompt and efficient manner.
To Defend Danish Coasts
The Danish navy shall be repurposed into one filled with screens and will focus entirely on the production of highly advanced, cheap, and effective screening ships, such as submarines and destroyers. Utilising our strengths and diverting the necessary resources to the air force and army are a priority, so the navy will make do. Admiral Rechnitzer has signed off on the idea and will begin to divert production towards small ships over anything else.
Beyond Danish Coasts
The Danish fleet must project itself beyond the Danish coasts, and the utilisation of cruisers will do just that. What little capacity we have will be transferred towards the production of powerful cruisers, which will serve in the North Atlantic and aim to contest larger fleets on a budget. Though heavy ships and even naval aircraft will prove troublesome, creating a renewed Danish fleet is well within our interests.
Developing Naval Theory
Modernising the Danish fleet will require new textbooks and theory on how naval warfare is conducted in the modern age. Gone are the days of big gun supremacy and attempting to create a large ship with the largest rifles to quell the enemy line; tactics and techniques are constantly being developed in naval exercises.
Safeguarding our Pride
The pride of our fleet is sacred and many decry that it is left ultimately vulnerable in the face of enemy ships and planes alike. Admirals Rechnitzer and Vedel have differing plans on tackling this issue, though ultimately whichever plan is implemented shall aid our endeavours greatly.
Ship-wide Anti-Air Improvements
Improving the anti-air capabilities of mounted anti-air guns and emplacements will aid in our ships being able to fend off air from carrier-mounted planes or from the continent. Our proximity to bases in northern Germany, the Norwegian coast, and the English and French coasts mean that our ships may have to carry planes from nations alike, so we must be prepared for anything.
Heavy Cruiser Spearhead
The main focus of our naval prowess shall be utilising heavy cruisers; they are less costly than larger ships, while still maintaining some firepower. Their rifles may only be about 200mm compared to the average heavy ship of almost twice that, but against screens and lighter ships, their shells will do plenty to rain down hell.
Naval Shellstorm
Raining down shells from multiple ships at once of a decent calibre will be the way to go for combating enemy ships in the Baltic and North Atlantic. With enough range, we can catch the enemy off guard with a massive barrage, which will have them thinking twice about facing our fleets.
Convoy Disruption
Disrupting enemy convoys will prove fruitful in taking care of trade, troop transports, or transports of war materiel. This is especially beneficial to cut off Scandinavia from the west or perform limited operations in the Baltic Sea.
Kongemærke
The Kongemærke or King's Mark is a popular piece of memorabilia sold nationwide in support of the King's 70th birthday. This symbol of patriotism to Danish sovereignty and to King Christian X is only one measure of appreciation given out to the populace in order to raise money for the King Christian X Foundation. Thousands to hundreds of thousands are being sold nationwide in support of such an initiative.
Improved Range Finders
Sjaelland Fortifications
Jylland Fortifications
Funen Fortifications
Denmark in Crisis!
The market crash of the Berlin Stock Exchange has crippled most sectors of the Danish economy. Fortunately, much of our economy is based on agriculture, meaning that by cleaning up the non-agricultural excesses, we could possibly contain the crisis with quick government intervention and the arrival of the harvesting season to revitalise the farming industry.
Save Landmandsbanken
Landmandsbanken, or the Farmers' Bank, is the largest bank in Denmark, and allowing it to sink could be absolutely devastating for the economy. By introducing strong government intervention and prioritising Landmandsbanken over other banks, capitalist finance can still be saved.
Prioritise Non-Interference
Liberal ideals quantify that the failure of major banks is a necessity, and forcing the government to shoulder the burden will lead to unchecked debts and terrible spending. By focusing our efforts on acting once the crisis has hit its lowest point, only then can economic recovery begin.
Negotiate with KF
The Konservative Folkeparti, or Conservative People's Party, is a minor party that still garners a large swing in the opposition under Venstre's coalition banner. Though our main talks are with Venstre, having sway with their coalition partner may prove fruitful, though it may upset our own coalition in doing so.
Positioning the Krone
Our present policy with regards to our currency, the Danish Krone, has been called into question in light of the immense depreciation of the German Mark. Both sides of parliament have argued for a more active approach to regulating the Krone's positioning on the foreign exchange market - and some for even more radical measures.
The 'Looming Threat' of Worker Action
The Dansk Arbejdsgiverforening, or 'Danish Employers' Association', warns our government that the ongoing economic crisis could plunge our country into a state of open revolution. They are asking us to move decisively to support the employers' right to end illegal strikes by any means necessary.
Bail Out Failing Industries
Industry is the greatest employer of our time, providing jobs for the greatest share of the population in Denmark. These companies failing and closing shop is not an option for us right now - having the workers go without salaries could not only worsen the current crisis but have them fall into the arms of extremist ideologues.
Avoid Bailouts
While a rise in unemployment may be the result of letting businesses fail, Venstre politicians have argued that the rise of new businesses in the place of failing ones is the true solution to the crisis. Should the government allow the free market to act, it will properly respond in time.
Re-establish the Valutacentral
The Valutacentral was a currency office within Danmarks Nationalbank which, from 1924 to 1926, monitored the size of private currency holdings and acted as the authority on the use of foreign currency. In doing so, it played a crucial role in helping Denmark re-establish the gold standard; and with our new plans for the Krone, its re-establishment will be of great aid.
Kanslergade Agreement
Unfortunately, the Danish upper house, the 'Landsting', is controlled by the opposition, rendering the government's efforts without opposition support hamstrung. If we are to mount an effective response to the hardships caused by the economic crisis, we shall have to work with them: let us invite the opposition leaders to Stauning's apartment at Kanslergaden.
Interventionist Economics
Theories on the benefits of state intervention in the economy have been promoted within German Social Democrat circles, most notably by Fritz Tarnow and Fritz Baade. Curbing the excesses of our banking sector, whose habits have got us into this mess to begin with, combined with a vast expansion of public works, should restart the heart of the Danish economy. After all, what works for Germany will surely work for us.
Crackdown on Lockouts
Memories of the pre-election strikes remain vivid, and many factory owners now employ entire security teams, ready to 'lock down' the factory at a moment's notice - which has already led to violent incidents against both legal strikers and entirely unrelated workers. This state of paranoia has gone on long enough, and we ought to sit down with the various employers' organisations of Denmark to discuss how to end this state of affairs.
Bolster Trade Relations with Germany
With Britain incinerating in the fires of revolution, Germany, and in a wider form Mitteleuropa, have become our main trading partners. However, our goods are too expensive in these markets. This could possibly be resolved by erasing the few trade limitations still in place and receiving permission to support our own farmers over Germans in return for other concessions.
Inflation Control: Devalue the Krone
Part of the problem is that Danish agricultural products are simply too expensive for the crisis-ridden Germans. By artificially lowering the value of the Krone in relation to the Mark, it will be cheaper for the German market to buy Danish produce compared to other agricultural options.
Public Works and Projects
By spending our money on public works, we can employ people who would otherwise be unemployed, which means they will have some money to spend, bringing life back into the market. As a cherry on top, we will also be able to improve our infrastructure at a relatively low cost.
State Funded Industrialisation
In the aftermath of the 'Black Monday' stock market crash, most people lost their savings, be it caused by the contraction of the economy or the failing stock prices. But the state has not, so it can still reactivate the economy, produce the tools and products people need, and create new jobs for all with a programme of rapid industrialisation and heavy investing.
Unemployment Benefits
Many in Denmark have found themselves to be unemployed as a result of the ongoing crisis. Earlier it would have been private insurance that would have taken this function, but the spike in unemployment has increased the premium to such a degree that few can still afford it. It is the government's duty to create a safety net.
Universal Healthcare
Ensuring the health of all is a primary objective of a Social Democratic state. Medicine has been historically expensive for the common worker, but with the funds the state has, it'd be feasible to construct newer hospitals and employ more medical personnel, using the increased size of the healthcare sector to procure more beneficial contracts with suppliers.
The Madsen-Mygdal Plan
Named after the leader of Venstre, Thomas Madsen-Mygdal, the Madsen-Mygdal plan calls for a reticent approach by the government, focusing on austerity and fiscal responsibility instead of the social democratic approach that is bound to just leave Denmark in debt.
Boost Investor Confidence
By supporting our companies and maintaining our balance, we shall show potential investors that Denmark is one of the safest countries to invest in, even in this turbulent time. The financial injection into the market that will hopefully follow shall help us carry ourselves out of the crisis in time.
Loans to Danish Companies
By giving loans directly from the treasury to Danish companies, we will be able to support them and allow them to bridge this time of economic uncertainty, hopefully mostly unscathed, despite the fact that some of the loans will likely never be paid back.
Inflation Control: Strengthen the Krone
By strengthening the backing of our currency and thus increasing its value, we will further emphasise the stable nature of the Danish economy. In addition, it will make imports cheaper, making many products more affordable to the common man.
Encourage Foreign Investment
We should encourage foreigners to invest in Denmark now that we have shown that this is a safe investment. With their investments, money will enter the Danish economy, which will help us recover from the crisis that hit us like a bus.
Austerity Measures
We cannot maintain the balance with taxes alone; at some point these taxes will simply have a negative effect on the economy and prolong its hardship. Therefore, it is important that we limit our expenses as well.
Private Unemployment Insurance
By supporting unemployment insurance, we can ensure that the premiums do not rise to such extremes as had been happening in the last months, without having to resort to undue government interference or expenses by giving subsidies ourselves. We should definitely support this business!
Strengthen Mitteleuropa Ties
Though aligning with Germany economically may have been a bad move in hindsight, it was necessary a decade ago due to the collapse of Britain and France into syndicalist systems. This does not mean we should turn away from the German sphere - emboldening our support in Mitteleuropa will only prove fruitful for our economy in due time.
Beyond Mitteleuropa
For better or for worse, we have decided to bypass Mitteleuropa in favour of increasing trade deals with other countries. While economies across the world are feeling sluggish, whether it is due to the Great Depression in the Americas or the aftershocks of German influence, looking elsewhere will be for the best.
Tax Reorganisation
The current system of taxation in Denmark is fundamentally flawed, and while politicians from across the spectrum will argue on the specifics, there is a crisis on the line. Therefore, both sides have agreed on a compromise with the increase of both income tax and consumer taxes. This will pave the way for an influx of government funds to keep debt away and increase involvement through investments.
Crisis Declared Over!
Through our sound economic policy, Denmark has fully recovered from the economic crisis. With unemployment down and earnings as well as public confidence back at pre-crisis levels, few can argue that the government did a poor job dealing with the events that were.
Invest in Maersk
The Maersk company was founded in 1904 and has a strong presence across all Danish shipping. By investing in the company, we should be able to stimulate more trade by expanding the merchant fleet and infrastructure in the country.
Support Nordisk Film
Nordisk Film is one of the oldest cinema companies in the world. By investing in the company, they should be able to create more films - in particular those that support Denmark and its current government, increasing our public support as a result.
Reinvigorate Danish Cinema
Our support of the cinema seems to have worked stellarly. It's time that we expanded our operations, dedicating time and money to the advertisement of the great Danish cinema. We can also use this as a chance to headline a new movie about the ever-watchful Danish military protecting its people from harm.
Consumer Industry Expansion
With the revolutions in Britain and France, America's decline, and our position inside Mitteleuropa, Denmark has seen a sharp decline in the availability of basic consumer goods to most of our population. By increasing our basic industrial production, we can alleviate our deficit, if not remove it.
Funen Land Reform Project
Funen, while being the third-largest island in our country and in the centre of our nation, is almost completely agricultural and rural in nature. Through extensive land reform and deforestation, Funen will begin to industrialise to meet the remainder of Denmark.
Jutland Industrial Development
It's no secret that Danish industry is small compared to other countries, in part because of our size. While Zealand itself is very industrialised, Jutland still has plenty of room to exploit, so by sponsoring the construction of new factories, we should hopefully be able to increase industrial output in the region.
Jutland Highway Project
With the rise of industry in Jutland, it has found itself in need of more infrastructure to support it and the growing needs of the region. We shall dedicate time and money to expanding the already good infrastructure of the area to hopefully support our other efforts in the area.
Expand Kastrup
The Kastrup airport is still relatively new; however, it is pridefully considered the first civil airport in the world and as of recently has seen huge activity. With its large growth in popularity around the world, we should expand the airport to help accommodate the new demand that's grown for its services.
Improve Sjælland's Infrastructure
With new projects and expansions being sponsored around the country, attention has finally shifted to Zealand. The increase in economic activity and industry in the capital region needed to be improved to help with the shipping of goods and transportation to and from Jutland.
Support the Institute for Theoretical Physics
Founded in 1921, the Institute for Theoretical Physics of Copenhagen University is a beacon of science across Europe, spearheading research into atomic and quantum physics. Led by the famous Niels Bohr, most scientists in Europe have visited the institute to learn from Bohr and his studies. If we support the institute, hopefully they could expand their operations and conduct more high-quality tests.
Fund the University of Copenhagen
Much like the Institute of Theoretical Physics, the University of Copenhagen is a centre of knowledge and learning. By funding and supporting the university at large, they should be able to expand and take in more students, hopefully allowing more highly skilled scientists and engineers to come from their university and into Denmark.
Expand the Belt Ferry
The Great Belt Ferries connect the many islands of Zealand together and allow automobiles and trains to travel across the islands. However, there have been many complaints about the ferries, mostly due to the inability to handle the amount of traffic coming through. By expanding the ferries across Zealand and into Jutland, we should be able to help alleviate the demand that has formed and provide better access throughout our country.
Designs for a Bridge
With the growing issues of ferries, some people have been asking for bridges to connect Denmark together. However, we do not have the means to construct such a bridge, but it could be a better solution in the end. Hopefully, by sponsoring research into construction, we should be able to design a workable blueprint and methods for such bridges.
Encourage Military Industry
Once more it seems as if the fires of war will engulf Europe. In order to maintain independence, we must help develop a robust arms industry so our soldiers will always have the means to fight.
Danish Rearmament Programme
Our army is woefully out of date, without many standards of modern war like machine guns, and couldn't put up a fight if Denmark was invaded. In order to fix this issue, we shall begin to reform our army structure and bring it up to the standards of the 20th century so we may defend our country against foreign aggression.
Focus on the Defensive
Denmark has always been proud of its neutrality, and our small size would prevent any major military attacks against our enemies. To counter this, we shall focus on the defensive, constructing forts on our borders and developing new defensive tactics, while also reminding our soldiers that if war were to break out, they are the only thing standing between their country and its destruction.
Fortify Jutland
We shall move to strengthen our land border in Jutland. By utilising the narrow front, we should be able to put up an effective defence from an invasion by land, especially with further expansions in the years to come.
Fortress Sjælland
Sweden's shared neutrality may not always be maintained - therefore, equipping modern fortifications around Copenhagen will prove essential. We must endeavour to turn Sjælland into a fortress to repulse any possible invasion and to defend the heart of our country.
Fortify Fyn
Fyn is the stepping stone to both our capital and industrial heart. With fortifications placed at key strategic locations across the island, we can ensure that Sjælland will always remain out of reach until it falls.
Utilise Irregular Formations
General Erik With has championed an idea which would aid in making use of Denmark's limited manpower pool and industrial capacity. In case of a war on land, on the shores of Denmark, or through our border with Germany, deploying lighter infantry divisions or irregular infantry would do the trick to buy time and allow our main force to organise a traditional defence.
Artillery Improvements
The investments into both our artillery and defences have paid off, but are not yet complete. We have begun to provide our army with better firing tables and range finders - the efficacy of the army has never been higher.
Unwavering Morale
The propaganda being spread across the country and in the army has worked wonders. Many Danish men volunteer to join the army, and those in the army have unquestioning and unwavering support in the defence of our nation against foreign attacks.
Standardised Training
The idea of a standardised form of training for our army needs to be rethought and modernised towards this new modern era of warfare. Gone are the days when Denmark could rally regiments at the call of the King to engage the enemy - our standing army needs to be rigorously trained and reinforced for battle at all times, considering the state of the world and its trajectory.
Doctrinal Advancements
Denmark's main doctrine of warfare may be lagging behind our neighbours, and as such, we should purchase the latest textbooks in warfare and ensure our generals are rigorously studied on the new art of war. Marshal Prior will ensure his generalship equally has the means to fight toe to toe with the great powers, even should our army's size be lacking the might needed to face them.
Equipment Modernisation
For a long time, military breakthroughs were slow, and having a good bolt-action rifle was enough. However, these rifles of the 19th century are completely out of place on the post-Weltkrieg battlefield. We must stop being complacent and get new equipment.
Invest in Motorisation
While the rest of our army has undergone major reforms, logistics in the army have yet to be changed. By investing in motorisation, we can hasten logistics and also use them to quickly redeploy troops around the country in case of a naval invasion.
Leg Infantry Shall Do!
While some have been considering the idea of using motorisation for logistics and possibly a form of mechanised infantry, we believe that due to the size of our country, we can focus on improving our irregular infantry instead, with better supplies and tactics to make up for a less mobile force.
Unconventional Warfare
Denmark will never raise an army that is capable of challenging hegemonic powers like France and Germany, even to the extent of merely dissuading them from invading Denmark; our population is simply too small. We should invest in a specialised special force that will be able to strike anywhere.
Form the Jægerkorps
Jæger corps have existed in some form since 1785 as Denmark's elite special forces. By establishing an official Jægerkorpset command, we shall make anyone thinking about messing with Denmark think twice.
Reestablish the Marineregiment
By establishing special training for marine regiments, we can start recruiting specialised amphibious divisions that are capable of conducting extraction operations or preparing a larger invasion by securing a position on the ground.
Increased Reserve Units
The Danish frontline units and reserve units must be prepared for the course of modern warfare, and having an entrenched reserve capable of bringing fresh troops to the front around the clock is critical. Increasing the reserve and ensuring that plenty of trained, capable troops are available to fight should Denmark find itself at war is of utmost importance.
Offensive Air Efforts
Denmark shall project an air force capable of contesting foes around the clock, and by redistributing funds that were poorly allocated to other means and matters, enough funding will be able to bring Denmark a fleet of fighters, bombers, and even naval-based aircraft to aid in our contention with lacking industries. Through this, our elite force will no longer have to worry about keeping the skies clear with anti-air, as the Danish air force will fly day in and day out.
Expanded Special Forces Training
While the Danish army may be small, no one can claim they are not the best of the elite. By expanding our soldiers' training routines, they will both grow in size and gain the ability to truly operate in any condition.
The Element of Surprise
No one will expect the Danish army to thrive in conditions unbefitting of its size. By deploying tactics that will assist in maintaining a steady stream of supply, no matter where the army is stationed, we can catch our enemies off guard while they are at their weakest.
Armour Experiments
The Danish army is woefully behind the modern age of warfare due to its reliance solely on legged infantry, and while it will continue to make up the bulk of the Danish army, there is no reason not to experiment with some limited armour units in infantry support roles. While our native designs may be focused on sheer low production cost at the behest of reliability, these tools of warfare will no doubt be of use to us.
Home Air Defence
Denmark is highly susceptible to bombing from both the north and the south and by sea. While anti-air positions have been installed across key targets around the country, creating a limited air force to intercept bombers and keep our airspace clear will be a priority should we find ourselves the target of such tactics.
Support on the Battlefield
By investing in battlefield support planes, we can ensure that our troops will be properly supported by our air force on the battlefield, giving them a fighting edge in any battle where the conditions allow it. Light bombers may not have the firepower or the range, but they will cover needs for targets close to home, ensuring that we have the advantage on home turf at all times.
Focus on Fighters
If we fail to invest in fighters, we will soon find that our bombers will fail to reach their targets and that our skies will soon be ruled by the enemy instead. We should instead invest in agile fighter planes that will allow us to defend our sovereign airspace.
Secure Aerial Dominance
By sending our fighters into the air, we are clearly showing that we can defend our own airspace and operations. Therefore, we shall only truly rule our own skies when this objective has been properly completed.
Conventional Air Force
The difference in our two branches is rather unconventional. By bringing them more together, we can ensure that our aerial assets will be able to act with the same efficiency as other air forces, if not better.
Establish the Flyvevåben
We should unite the Hærens Flyvertroppen and the Marinens Flyvevæsen into a single new air force branch in our nation. The organisation of this new branch will bring an unprecedented reduction in bureaucracy and help secure our place as a country with a high-quality air force.
Expand the Bomber Regiments
Our army would be left astray if there were no suitable bombers to destroy enemy logistics positions, unleash strategic bombing, or carry out attacks on columns of infantry platoons or tank brigades. While there is little in the way of large bombers that can be produced, expanding the potential of light bombers to increase their output will work wonders.
Intensify Defences
Danish defence cannot solely rely on building land fortifications to create a static defence, which is why the utilisation of Danish railways to support mobile artillery bombardments, harrying forces around the clock, is a necessity. The creation of such railway artillery will prove useful in aiding our troops abroad, or in defending home territory.
Self Defence Fleet
The Danish fleet has gone largely underfunded for far too long, and Admiral Rechnitzer has agreed that something should be done. Under his plan, the budget needed for the navy would not be as drastic as once thought. The plan in mind is to create a fleet of screens which would aid in defending our shores, as well as escorting and raiding convoys that come in close proximity.
A Seaworthy Fleet
To reconfigure the Danish fleet to combat the German or British ones would be suicidal, but projecting power beyond our coasts towards the Baltic Sea or the North Atlantic would prove to aid in solidifying Danish naval prowess once again. With careful budget increases, Danish dockyards will start to produce cruisers, both light and heavy, at an all-time rate, filling the role of combat vessels for our use.
Modernise the Søværn
The Danish navy, Søværnet, has not been updated in a while, yet it becomes ever more necessary because of the rising global tension. We should invest in the modernisation of our ships and perhaps pursue the construction of new vessels in order to maintain the integrity of our territorial waters.
A Proper Surface Fleet
The Danish fleet needs to operate properly at the surface level; otherwise, we will not be able to compare with the enemy. A fleet not focused on destroying the enemy fleet will intimidate or deter no potential foe from invading Denmark.
Modern Naval Warfare
Ingenious investment by our admirals has led to the Danish fleet engaging in tactics that come toe to toe with the British or German seafaring fleets. While we have a long way to go, considering our limited history in naval warfare, applying techniques our admirals have learned on the high seas alongside studies will herald successes to come.
Safeguard the Pride of Our Navy
Our new vessel is the pride of our navy and must be nurtured: imagine the morale hit if something were to happen to it. Fortunately, the existing Danish navy, composed of smaller ships, is available to defend our pride, but reinforcing their numbers can never hurt.
Fleet Armament
At present, dockyard capacity is minimal, and creating new designs is quite difficult due to a lack of naval experience in recent decades. Thus, Admiral Rechnitzer has facilitated the creation of new designs which will see a drastic improvement in our capabilities while also being within the realm of production. Scrapping older designs and refocusing dockyard capacity will have these ships in the water in no time.
Anti-Air Improvements
Naval bombers, fighters, and general bombing runs of our ships will become a serious issue should we hope to prepare our navy to fight, whether it is across the sea or to defend Denmark proper. While our own air force is lacking, and land placements of anti-air will aid ships in port, ships operating near enemy coasts will require drastic improvements in anti-air capabilities.
Bulwark of the Fleet
Our fleet will have a mix of combatant and non-combatant ships, as any fleet does. However, creating a true bulwark for our fleet to follow is an important step. Naval staff will work closely with the Admiralty in outlining the exact doctrine our navy will follow in order to streamline the efficiency of our fleet.
Battle Ready Fleet
Once war begins, our fleet will need to be ready to react around the clock and serve within hundreds of kilometres of our shores effectively and efficiently - this applies to our naval staff as well. By ensuring that every ship is properly battle-ready, with trained seamen and properly loaded ships with all the required fuel and ammunition, we will not be caught off guard by the professional navies of our major neighbours.
Danish Way of Warfare
Our native-born and bred naval tactics, even if influenced by the Great Powers of our time, will prove fundamental for decades to come. The Danish way of warfare may not be as unique or critically solely found in Denmark, but patriotism goes hand in hand with combat efficiency, and all will soon know of the unique Danish prowess for ingenuity and invention.
Danish Admiralty
The Danish Admiralty has come a long way since the start of the century, and while our limited prowess has disallowed the advancement of other higher-ranking naval officers, credit must be given to Aage Helgesen Vedel and Hjalmar Rechnitzer for their efforts in rearming and modernising the Danish navy. Their tactics, techniques, and studies have paid off; Denmark's admiralty is as well versed as the ships it can steer.
The Constitutional Crisis
The desire to amend the Danish constitution in favour of the wishes of [GetSecondInCommand] has been interrupted by the illegitimate scheming of our king. With no choice but to deal with this unfortunate set of circumstances, Denmark's future hangs on the precipice. Radical forces could overturn our precious democracy, or the king could finally have his way and appoint a government of his liking - only time will tell.
The King's Cabinet
It is the king's right, no, duty by the constitution to protect the Danish people when their democratic government is about to make a mistake that will destroy the nation. If Germany were to be defeated, Denmark would find itself doomed to fall to the zealots in France and Britain - everyone knows they will come here to subject the Danes to syndicalist tyranny!
The Conservative Coalition
The failure of Madsen-Mygdal has ushered in a resurgence for the KF, and the King has put his trust within Møller. Venstre's former power base has been absorbed into the KF, for better or for worse.
Rearm Danish Industry
One major issue in the cause of preparing Denmark for war is its industry. Plenty of factories need to be retooled and reconfigured after the successful recovery from the economic crisis, and put to better use creating munitions for the army.
Appeal to Our Powerbase
Many in the KF have felt disillusioned since the collapse of its predecessor parties during the first Weltkrieg. In order to maintain our popular rule, we must look towards appealing to those that supported our predecessors, as well as those who see KF as the future of Denmark.
Reinvest in the Hæren
The Hæren, or the Royal Danish Army, has seen its ranks diminished during these many decades of prolonged peace. With war on the horizon, we must drastically expand recruitment and dedicate key resources to encourage enlistment.
Pursue Unicameralism
Unicameralism is a long-time goal of both Møller and the KF as a whole. Møller's dream of pursuing true parliamentary democracy in Denmark can wait no longer, and passing such a referendum will go a long way in legitimising the KF to the people of Denmark.
Sideline Parliament
The Rigsdag, or the current bicameral parliament of Denmark, has long been a thorn in the side of many in the autocratic wing of the KF, but especially Westergaard. Bypassing such a key tenet of Danish democracy will be nearly impossible... though should an occasion arise, Westergaard will surely take advantage of it.
Subdue the Opposition
With our rule secure for the near future, it is finally time to crack down on the opposition, which has started country-wide riots in protest of the cabinet's actions. The king has utilised his rightful powers, and our rule is just - all that is left is to silence them.
Invest in the Funktionærer
The Funktionærer are the lifeblood of our voter base, made up of mostly middle-class workers across Denmark such as business clerks. By reinvesting into that which propels our support, we can see decades of continued KF rule to allow true Danish prosperity.
Enforced Constitutionalism
Enforcing the constitution to its full effect will renew faith in our government, which has been quite unpopular after King Christian X appointed us following the fall of the Madsen-Mygdal cabinet. Furthermore, restoring the KF-Venstre coalition will help us maintain a majority in parliament for years to come.
Danish Trade Protectionism
Protecting the Danish markets is one of our main concerns, as they were interfered with during the recovery from the devastating economic crisis many years ago. Austerity may have saved the Danish economy, but the mistakes of Stauning's economic policy should be corrected.
Empower the Konservative Ungdom
The ranks of the KU have increased dramatically following Westergaard's rise to power, and he is now allowing members to enlist in the army. The brave young men joining Danish ranks will both bolster the front and add a degree of loyalty to our troops.
Increased Executive Power
Westergaard does not hold total power over the country, but this can be alleviated slowly through the passing of several laws to further bolster his rule. Westergaard is constantly frustrated by the moderates in the KF as well as the King's wishes, but this will not stop him from ensuring Danish democracy stays crippled indefinitely.
Right-Wing Coalition
Westergaard's ideology suits the radical wings of the KF, but to ensure their government does not collapse, Westergaard has announced cooperation with the DS and DKF. Max Arildskov has lukewarmly pledged support, while the DS has pledged its full support for Westergaard's government. A broad right-wing coalition will aid in stabilising the country and legitimising Westergaard's rule.
Emphasise Loyalty to the Crown
Some do not understand that the crown's actions, while nominally curtailing the existing democracy, are ultimately their last defence against totalitarian rule. We should emphasise that we only have the best intentions and that loyalty is in their best interest.
Secure Military Loyalty
We need to ensure that the Danish Hær supports our actions, lest they side with the Rigsdag in this dispute and force us to comply. Fortunately, most Danish officers agree that Denmark cannot afford to potentially stand alone against the might of the Internationale, if the German hegemony ends under the feet of workers' militias...
Combat Syndicalist Propaganda
The vile syndicalists from London and Paris try to poison Danish minds through propaganda and other falsehoods; we should counter this by exposing their lies and propagating our own Danish worldview over these foreign ideas that can only hurt our nation!
Establish the Rigsfagforbund
The best way to combat Syndicalism is to take their beloved trade unions and merge them all into one state-controlled union that will be made sure to actually stand in favour of the Danish position instead of enslaving Denmark to 'the international revolution'.
For God, King and Fatherland!
'For God, King and Fatherland' is the Danish motto and so it shall be! With the king and his loyalists having clearly steered the nation away from an ultimately futile hope of neutrality, Denmark shall prosper in the years to come!
Restore Democracy?
The question has arisen now that Denmark finds itself at peace whether or not democracy should be reinstated following the collapse of Thorvald Stauning's government in the face of the constitutional crisis. King Christian X appointed a suitable prime minister to rule, so it is by his decree whether or not he shall restore free democracy or simply continue this single-party rule.
Topple the Welfare State
During his time as Prime Minister, Stauning passed many reforms in order to construct his vision of turning Denmark into a welfare state. While our people have enjoyed reaping the rewards of his investments, many in our party are demanding that we alter course.
Unyielding Loyalty
Each general's commander, and each commander's soldier must dedicate their lives to efficiently triumph in the battles that they face. Therefore, we must instil a sense of not only professionalism, but also, to an extent, fanatical loyalty to serving under King Christian X. Only under our gracious king do we fight so well, and triumph against enemies who seek to see him deposed.
Denmark Rejoice
Let Denmark Rejoice! For the fatherland's saviour has come to breathe new life into God's greatest country. For there is no enemy that Denmark cannot best, and no figurehead who shall represent Denmark better than his king. Long live King Christian X! Long live Denmark!
Increased Recruitment
In order to maintain Denmark's fighting force, the king has ordered his citizens to further enlist in the armed forces. Denmark's smaller population leaves little room to expand our army further, but the king will ensure that the Danish army will be a force to be reckoned with. Unfortunately, expanding conscription to such an extent will put a strain on our industrial capacity.
Reichspakt Cooperation
Following agreements with the German Kaiser, the Danish Hær shall receive some much-needed up-to-date German rifles to bolster our armed forces. Furthermore, Germany has decided to invest some resources into improving the industrial capacity of our country. This military and industrial aid is exactly what Denmark needs to aid Germany in their fight.
Danish Panzer Corps
Starting today, Germany has approved the rollout of reserve light tanks and motorised equipment, which will allow for the creation of the first-ever Danish panzer corps. While our army is woefully inept at utilising these divisions to their maximum capacity, there is no question that Denmark needs more than just legged infantry to aid in upcoming battles. We will work closely with German generals to ensure that these Danish panzer corps are put to good use.
Danmarks Demokrati
The road to democracy in Denmark has been a long and tedious one, and even today the monarch affords himself rights that some might say are not appropriate for the role he is supposed to fill, but today our democracy is in a decent state. Pressures arise from both the left and right, however, so let us make sure our democracy can survive.
Stauning's Denmark
The liberal left has grown strong in Denmark. Emboldened by the past crises, Denmark comes out stronger than ever. With the next election's promises hanging in the air, [GetSecondInCommand] will do his best to achieve the dreams of solidifying Denmark's blossoming welfare state, perhaps even becoming the world leader for welfare states across the planet.
Develop the Welfare State
To further develop the Danish Welfare State, proposals have been made to increase the berth of public works projects which were enacted to aid in economic recovery. While Denmark does not suffer from its initial loss in jobs and unemployment, increasing funding towards these types of projects will bolster the strength of Danish industries and make sure every family with a working man has a job.
Improve Healthcare Standards
The National Health Insurance Act, passed several years ago amidst the economic recovery, was helpful in ensuring equal access to medical care. [GetSecondInCommand] has the opportunity to take the next step – by looking at new bills surrounding preventing and controlling disease spread, childcare support, and improved healthcare training, Danish hospitals will be of the highest quality worldwide.
Lay Out a Plan for Pensions
Outlined in K.K. Steincke's New Social Reform Bill, the issue of whether or not to increase pensions given to those sick or of too old an age to work has come to pass. Radikale Venstre is not agreeable to any increases in such a sector, but that is up to [GetSecondInCommand]'s agenda.
Clarify Social Laws
Another project under K.K. Steincke's devices will push to clarify the already messy and confused set of social laws in Denmark with one that will clearly outline how each Danish citizen should carry themselves. This set of reforms is the most agreeable across all parties, and should have no trouble being passed through.
Matter of Militarisation
A contentious issue within the two parties that make up this coalition is how to handle the ever-present issue of militarisation. The world is heating up, and even if the major powers have avoided conflict, a second world war seems increasingly likely. As such, whether or not Denmark throws its hat into the ring, the antimilitarist elements of each party should be appeased, or at worst, expelled in order for Denmark to survive.
New Welfare Bureaucracy
Cementing our goals towards the modern welfare state will require a brand new, streamlined bureaucracy to handle its affairs. As of now, Radikale Venstre has submitted their proposals, which will only marginally change the system, countered against those in Socialdemokratiet advocating for a total overhaul which will drastically landscape the bureaucracy as we know it.
A Modern Welfare State
Socialdemokratiet's programme has succeeded and all of Denmark is rejoicing at the rights and privileges they have gained by putting their trust in the government. While Danish democracy will not permit our eternal rule, we have emboldened a structure that shall not collapse should the opposition win, nor shall the happiness of Danish citizens be put into question again.
Halt Reforms
Socialdemokratiet has gone too far, the state budget has collapsed into the red and rampant spending has further diminished the lives of Danish citizens across Denmark. These so-called welfare reforms, as well K.K. Steincke's New Social Laws, have brought nothing but unrest and unease - Denmark shall receive reform at a steady pace, so the brakes must be applied before Denmark spirals into an accident.
Right-Liberal Denmark
Venstre has survived the constitutional crisis, and now a question arises: with whom shall we continue to govern? The conservative KF has been our natural ally, but the now disgraced Socialdemokratiet has lost an ally in Radikale Venstre. Some in our party are proposing a reconciliation of the liberals, but that may be too radical of an idea.
Maintain the KF Coalition
The Konservative Folkeparti are our natural allies, and appeasing their demands for rearmament and further recruitment to expand our army can be dealt with easily. It will upset those in our party hoping to sit out future conflicts, but this is a sacrifice we are willing to make to survive the next election.
Reconcile with Radikale Venstre
A controversial offer has been made to Radikale Venstre to restore the liberal coalition, made slightly ironic by the fact that our two parties originally were one. There have been no plans to reconstruct Det Forenede Venstre thus far, but their support could prove useful, though it will alienate our former partners in the KF.
Moderated Rearmament
To continue our generous agreement with the KF, they have demanded that we continue some form of rearmament. By diverting some of our industrial output towards the construction of new war materiel, we will be able to meet the demands of our coalition partners, and in turn, their support for the Venstre-KF coalition will be cemented.
Limited Labour Reforms
The introduction of a subset of labour reforms, spearheaded by Radikale Venstre ideologue Peter Munch, will no doubt cause some measure of unrest across the party. However, by limiting the scale and expenditure of these reforms, we can both appease the majority of Venstre supporters while also maintaining this newfound liberal coalition.
Venstre Survives
The art of compromise and negotiation is as old as time itself, and whether through ventures with the conservative KF or new ventures with Radikale Venstre, Venstre itself will thrive for the near future. While the semblance of our continued governance is reliant on the support of the right or left in a coalition, Venstre will nevertheless continue its hold in Denmark.
Appeal to Farmers
Our traditional voter base in the Danish farmers has been in decline since the rise of industrialisation and the push for urbanisation across modern Denmark. However, our agrarian sector is still thriving and will continue to support us should we make some serious agricultural investments.
Resumed Recruitment
Resuming recruitment to outfit an army befitting of Denmark is no easy task, especially due to Danish inexperience in the ways of modern warfare. One thing is certain, however: expanding our ranks will do wonders for military campaigns across Europe and aid our allies towards victory.
Unity Propaganda
Ensuring that the whole of Denmark is united behind the idea of opposing the dangerous forces of Russia and the Internationale will take a significant amount of effort to execute. We will hold rallies across the country and hang posters in every major city centre to ensure that every good Danish citizen is motivated to enlist or aid in the war effort in other ways.
Centre-Right Dominance
The KF and Venstre coalition now dominates the political landscape of Denmark, having been ushered in after King Christian X decided to push for greater Danish involvement in European affairs. The coalition's continued tenure will ensure the freedoms of each Danish citizen are protected, and that Denmark will not fall to radicalism.
Push to Equality
The push towards equality will be a hard-fought and tenuous battle, especially among those in Venstre who still hold disdain towards Radikale Venstre for their conformity to labour reforms and upholding more rights for the Danish peoples. Reining in the far reaches of the party will be for the best, while modifying our reforms to suit this coalition will ensure that Danish liberalism can continue to endure.
Rehabilitate Antimilitarists
A campaign to rehabilitate with the far-reaching left wings of Radikale Venstre will prove to be an arduous task, especially as our alignment with the German sphere alone has caused Radikale Venstre itself to nearly shatter in two. By providing concessions towards wayward supporters of Radikale Venstre, and proving that modern military reform will only ensure Danish peace in the future, we can bring them to our side.
Future of Danish Liberalism
The future of Danish Liberalism will be settled through extensive negotiations between Venstre leadership and those in Radikale Venstre. The restored coalition between the two parties has ushered in a force in politics not seen for several decades, but acquiescing to the demands of the likes of Peter Munch does not come easily.
Pure Democracy
In times of trouble, we must remember 'Samfundssind' - the idea of community-mindedness and solidarity for one another. Tensions in the world are bubbling and the proud Danish country may not be able to stand at the sidelines for much longer. It is necessary for every good Danish citizen to stand for the pure democracy which has been reinforced throughout the decades.
Entrenched Rights
The rights of every Danish citizen must be upheld to the greatest extent, and its reinforcement only solidifies what it means to be Danish. Our brave country has survived thick and thin, and will continue to do so provided that the leadership maintains this level of deepened ties with its citizens.
Defend Our Democracy
Defending Danish democracy will undergo undue strain on the Danish workforce or on the Danish armed forces, so we must choose wisely where to divert our efforts. Only through intelligent planning shall we succeed in our goals, and faltering to do so will only inhibit the will of our state.
The First Statsraad Congress
Finally, the time has come to call the first ever Statsraad Congress, a tenuous union between socialist reform and Thorvald Stauning's attempts at pluralism. A much more socialist wind shall now blow through Denmark, but the varying factions within Føderationen have entirely separate goals for the future of Denmark, and this congress will decide the fate of our nation.
True Danish Socialism
Føderationen-DVSP has won in the latest congress, with Aksel Larsen being swept in as Denmark's first Prime Minister-President. His visions for Denmark collide with the Føderationen-Enhedspartiet, as Larsen has denounced the influence of the trade union movement. Socialism cannot be brought to Denmark through importing revolutionary ideals from our comrades - we must spread the roots ourselves so that Denmark will flourish in the coming years.
Councilist Destiny
The destiny for Denmark, prescribed by the DVSP, is one akin to workers' councils. While this concept is not entirely new and many have accused Aksel Larsen of betraying his ideals of a truly Danish socialism, his response is that workers' councils are merely a tool to achieve the end goal. Councils will be a means in which every worker across the spectrum will be encompassed and is the only way that the Danish worker can truly find representation.
Socialism Untouched by Foreign Influence
Larsen has decried, as to not let Denmark become another pawn of French or British influence, that Denmark shall steer its own course. The Danish spirit is all-encompassing and powerful, nationalist but also truly free and unable to be broken by no matter the source. Let the foreign-backed Komminarder clique denounce us - Danish socialism will remain Danish.
Crush Trade Union Monopoly
The Danish plan to accompany a strong party-state with workers' councils will first need the absolution of the trade union dominance, especially within the party. Many have fallen prey to the lies spoken by Enhedspartiet leader Christian Christensen and their strong trade unionist ties, which will only lead to the oppression of the Danish worker. This will not stand, and the monopoly of trade unions across the country will be disfigured and dismantled immediately.
Danish Mass Party
The DVSP, while a party in its own right, has submitted its independence to the coalescing Føderationen. While our alliance is paramount and the means by which Denmark can continue as a socialist nation, it is fair to accept that our comrades must be sidelined in the face of achieving a true mass party which will encompass the entirety of workers across the spectrum.
End Rural Urban Divide
One of Larsen's plans to truly unite the Danish workers across the country is to end the rural and urban divide which has been plaguing the nation since the inception of industrialisation. Everyone in Denmark shall embrace the industrial and agricultural programme plans which will change the landscape of the country, brimming with jobs and opportunities.
Enhedspartiet Wins
'Enhedspartiet', or the Solidarity Party, has triumphed within the first ever election to the Statsraad Congress. Divided between the Young Guard led by Richard Jensen and the Old Guard led by Christian Christensen, it is agreed that the trade union monopoly of the former Fagoppositionens Sammenslutning will take prominence in Denmark.
Solve Party Schisms
Since the victory in the Statsraad Congress, the question of who should become Prime Minister-President is still up for debate, and Enhedspartiet is coming to a vote to decide on their leader. On one hand sits Richard Jensen, a vibrant agitator and chairman of Søfyrbødernes Forbund, and on the other sits longtime FS leader Christian Christensen, and both are close in the running to becoming the leader of Enhedspartiet and Denmark.
Growing Rhubarbs Aplenty
The title of Christian Christensen's yet unpublished and unfinished memoirs goes into detail about his youth and his upbringing in the countryside, where his family worked as farmers. Christensen calls on all citizens of Denmark to yearn to rise up and answer the call when their home is under threat; those in poverty should not sit still when it is them and their families' livelihood under oppression.
Danish Workers First
Christian Christensen has long decried the divide between the bourgeoisie and the proletariat in Denmark and has declared that in all measure of wit and will, the Danish worker will come first, and nothing shall stop progress. His commitment to the cause of the workers being ushered into regional trade unions governed by the FS will trounce any and all opposition and coalesce the pureness in the Danish working class.
No Industry Untouched
One of the founding fathers of Danish syndicalism, Christian Christensen has long advocated to end the divide when it comes to the treatment of industries across Denmark. Many had fled from the rural countryside to work in the city due to the betterment of conditions for urban workers, but for a long time, our rural workers have felt the struggle. Therefore, no industry will go untouched, and every Danish worker, no matter where they reside, shall receive better treatment.
Sexual Liberation
Further developing on the prevalent theme of the past few decades in regard to sexual liberation, and attempting to implement much of what was in Christian Christensen's book Arbejderne og børneflokken, Denmark shall spearhead the movement for sexual liberation in Scandinavia. Arbejderne og børneflokken was the first book to tackle this subject in Denmark, and Christensen has made it clear that it is bar none a controversial and important topic, which we should not ignore.
Exemplary Trade Union Power
Coalesced around the Fagoppositionens Sammenslutning, the Union of Trade Unions, Christensen has long advocated in the fight for Solidarity alongside his syndicalist comrades in Enhedspartiet with the idea of trade union supremacy. The party is at the behest of the trade unions, governed and managed by the executive FS in a manner in which every worker gains guidance and purpose throughout Denmark.
Reconcile the Old Guard
Much of the old guard, friends and allies of Christian Christensen, have supported his rise to power since as early as the turn of the century and should be rewarded as such. Positions in the FS will be handed out both based on competency and loyalty to the cause, so appeasing much of the old guard in Enhedspartiet will be most beneficial to support for our faction.
Reformed Union Bureaucracy
The reformed union bureaucracy under the FS will serve as a guiding hand to the entirety of Denmark, moving to finalise and polish the structure as it exists already. The Danish citizenry can breathe a sigh of relief and continue to work and relish in their goodwill now that the trade union bureaucracy has been reformed and refitted to efficiently serve Danish needs.
Everyone to Par
Much like Christian Christensen, Richard Jensen had an impoverished youth, and has declared in a speech following his election that everyone in Denmark will be brought up to par. The chains that bind some in the working class to poverty while others enjoy lavishly will not come to pass, and every Danish citizen will enjoy equal rights when it comes to liberty, freedom, and the ability to live comfortably.
Fuel to the Fire
Richard Jensen has long declared that the revolution is not over with the abolishment of the monarchy and much of the structure of the old bourgeoisie constitution being signed away. No, there is much to go to achieve true equality and true freedom for the Danish worker, and to do so, we must arm ourselves and equip ourselves to fight the constant revolutionary battle.
Empower Søfyrbødernes Forbund
Søfyrbødernes Forbund is the shipping association in which Prime Minister-President Richard Jensen became chairman of at the age of 25, and so it shall be empowered so that loyal sailors can finally achieve the retribution of the hard work invested in them, that they've slaved away at for decades. The association shall provide fairer wages, especially to our brave sailors, as they are the lifeblood towards an industry long neglected by the Danish government.
Help Each Dane
Richard Jensen calls on the people of Denmark to look out for each other; the revolutionary struggle will not entirely engulf the men, women, and children who bravely rally to its cause. However, much of Denmark still remains unemployed or impoverished after the horrifying economic downturn many years ago, and Richard Jensen shall not stand for this. To create a community in which every Dane helps each and every other Dane, only then shall Denmark find greatness.
Constant Revolutionary Struggle
Denmark may be a small country with a limited population and an industry that is not as representative as it is in France or Britain, but the struggle has not and will not end, especially as many other nations seek to retribute the abolition of our monarch. As is the case, procuring arms and conscripting men to fuel the fight is a necessity, and our citizens will feel the effects of our efforts for decades to come.
Sailor Socialism
The sailors that manage every ship perform hard and hot work, shovelling coals day in and day out to let each ship navigate their course. Should shorter working hours and an increased wage not settle the odds, Richard Jensen has declared that he will bring fuel to the fire of world revolution! All in Denmark shall revere the hard-fought, hardened, and thoughtful leader Richard Jensen, and all in Denmark stand ready to face the test of time.
Kommunarder Supremacy
The Kommunarder Clique faction has won out in the first Statsraad Congress, and many are rallying to the banner of the so-called Kommunard Caretaker, Martin Andersen Nexø. Børge Houmann, leader of BOPA (Civilian Partisans), is the primary successor, but perhaps the old caretaker isn't ready to retire just yet. The Kommunard victory ushers in a displeasing leadership, bound for mobilising Denmark for an immediate war and to act as the Internationale's arm in the north.
Kommunard Caretaker Reigns
Surprisingly, the old caretaker, Martin Andersen Nexø, has decided not to retire and shall continue to lead the Kommunarder clique for the years to follow. The wisdom he brings with his age is welcomed, and his presence is well-liked by much of the party. The author of the well-received and well-read book Pelle Erobreren, Nexø is a popular figure within the party and leads a cadre of younger communists. He is both able and ready to guide Denmark to greatness.
BOPA Chairman Takes Over
Børge Houmann has taken over the party reins as Martin Andersen Nexø has announced his retirement, hoping to foster the next generation of Danish communists from the backstage position. The leader of BOPA (Civilian Partisans), Houmann has big shoes to fill now that Nexø has retired. His deputy, Alfred Jensen, has taken over BOPA in his absence, with the goal of transforming Denmark into a nation ready for war.
Springboard of Revolution
Denmark should, in essence, become a springboard for the revolution into the north, and especially with easily accessible striking positions into the south. While the border with Germany remains tenuous and easy for Denmark to collapse should German panzers approach, control over the straits will provide the Internationale with possible invasion angles across the entirety of the north German coast.
Foster the Next Generation
Many in the Kommunarder Clique have a strong tenet of fostering the younger generation; Nexø is especially particular in following in the footsteps of the revolutions in Britain and France and raising the next generation properly so they shall lead us free of corruption and sin. France and Britain represent the 'Socialist Dream' that he has affectionately labelled, though other veteran party members in Føderationen have mocked his idealism.
Undisputed Internationale Loyalty
Denmark must profess a strong loyalty to the Internationale; without France nor Britain, there would be no free Denmark, and Denmark will do service to ensure that the Internationale leadership knows truly of Denmark's proud loyalty. The Danish army shall have the strength and devotion of French soldiers, as well as the cunning and ingenuity of the British, crafting a newer and better Danish armed forces.
Import Revolutionary Ideals
Denmark is a fledgling country, having only found its calling after recent heinous acts have led the brave Thorvald Stauning to force King Christian X to abdicate once and for all. Knowing this, Denmark relies heavily on the Internationale's ideals for world revolution and should embrace what France and Britain have taught us. We have come far, but the struggle to liberate our neighbours is an endless and arduous goal, so we must not lose ourselves and forget the path to victory.
Decimate Reactionary Traitors
Festering in the midst of major cities, we must call for the arrest and disentanglement of major political leaders from power. It is not enough to declare them a part of the 'official opposition.' This shows weakness on the part of the revolution, and important figures leading the constitutionalist and autocratic wings of KF, as well as Venstre, shall be imprisoned posthaste.
The First Domino of Many
Denmark is the first domino to fall, perhaps in Scandinavia and perhaps in such close proximity to Germany. We are the first nation directly fostered with leadership close to France and Britain and will serve as an example that the syndicalist ideals of France and Britain are here to stay and shall spread beyond our borders. If not just towards the rest of Scandinavia, then to the Baltics, then to Central Europe, then to the Balkans, and the world beyond!
State Subverted Socialism
The actions of the workers, the people of Denmark, shall be subverted not only to the state but to socialism in its purest form. The Kommunarder Clique may not be as overwhelming of a force as the Maximists in Britain to serve as a vanguard for the revolution, but in name alone, that shall be the goal. Should our one-time allies in Føderationen betray the true revolution, we will not hesitate to subdue them for the glory of the revolution.
Aid from the Internationale
Fresh troops, men, and French General Louis Buisson have been dispatched from Paris as an expeditionary force from the Internationale to bolster our defences. While armoured units and materiel would have been extremely useful, our allies have had little reserves to dispatch to us, especially due to the great distance by sea.
Call on Militias
Denmark does not have a formal home guard or militia system, so one must be drafted, as the threat of German invasion is a national emergency. Citizens will be drafted and form a home guard to defend our vulnerable southern flank and Copenhagen in case of an attack from Sweden or from the sea.
Emergency Arms
What good are troops without arms? Passing through a general request for conscription and the expansion of able-bodied men is not enough; we must requisition additional arms at a quick rate in order to field more men for the frontline. This will put a hefty strain on our industry in the short term, but the necessity of these weapons is paramount.
Genesis of Socialist Statsraad
The system in place in Denmark is a unique one. Since Thorvald Stauning's declaration that Denmark is better be off as a republic than as a monarchy, the head of state has been the Prime Minister-President. While this system has been fused with socialist reform, and accepting the Føderationen to participate, it has become a true genesis of fusions of systems.
Red Welfare
The synthesis between Stauning's attempts at pluralism and a socialist system have compromised into a sort of 'Red Welfare' which promotes the utmost in equality and rights given to the Danish citizen. Citizens across Denmark are rejoicing at this renewed vigour and spirit on a system without any chains to hold it back, and every man, woman, and child can truly embrace the limitless destiny of the welfare state.
Triumph for the Danish Worker
Larsen's proclamation and reforms, alongside the DVSP faction of Føderationen have brought Denmark into a renewed golden age. While our allies in Enhedspartiet, the Kommunarders, and the Stauningernes disapprove of the centralisation of power and loosening of the so-called agreements towards a socialist yet democratic system, Larsen assures that it is for the better.
[DEN_get_radsoc_end_focus]
[DEN_get_radsoc_end_focus_desc]
Neutrality kept Denmark out of the Weltkrieg, but it didn't shield the nation from its consequences. The loss of Denmark's primary trade partner and a series of ineffective governments have made economic recovery slow and difficult.\nFor most of the past decade, Thorvald Stauning's Socialdemokratiet have been in power, yet the changes he and his cabinet wish to implement have been consistently challenged by a deeply entrenched opposition.\nAs Denmark enters a new era, the question remains: will it be Stauning, or will it be chaos?
GFX_DEN_intro
Denmark during the Weltkrieg
During the Great War, Denmark, along with its Scandinavian neighbours, maintained a §Yposition of neutrality§!. Its neutrality, however, was not uncontested. Denmark was forced to comply with §LGerman demands§! to mine its territorial waters—an action tacitly accepted by Britain. Despite avoiding direct involvement in the conflict, Denmark's territorial sovereignty was compromised.\n\nThe war also had severe domestic repercussions. Like the Central Powers, Denmark was heavily affected by the §tblockades of the Entente§!. Essential goods became scarce, and the economy began to buckle under the strain. Within Prime Minister §YCarl Theodor Zahle§!'s coalition government of the §lRadikale Venstre§! and §SSocialdemokratiet§!, Foreign Minister §YErik Scavenius§! worked to maintain Denmark's neutrality, and Minister of the Interior §YOve Rode§! spearheaded economic regulation, imposing measures similar to those in Germany. Critics accused the Zahle government of being overly sympathetic to Germany, especially as these regulations cut into many Danish companies' profits, while others profiteered from exports to Germany.\n\nAmid the turmoil of war, Denmark still adopted a §Ynew constitution§! that made elections more proportional and granted women the right to vote. By the end of the war, however, the tide of popular opinion had turned against Zahle and his cabinet. His wartime economic policies were deeply unpopular, and the scarcity of goods fuelled widespread unrest. The situation worsened when the Central Powers emerged victorious from the war: Denmark now found itself hemmed in by a dominant §LGerman Empire§!, while the §tEntente Cordiale§!, once a balancing force, was in disarray.
An Economy in Tatters §P(1921 - 1924)§!
In the 1921 elections, the liberal §mVenstre§! party returned to power under the leadership of §YNiels Neergaard§!, forming a coalition with the §cKonservative Folkeparti§!. Neergaard's government promised to dismantle the 'oppressive' systems put in place by the Zahle government and assured the Danish people that his government would restore 'peacetime stability'.\n\nWith Denmark's main trading partner, the §tUnited Kingdom§!, slow to re-establish economic links, the §Yeconomic situation§!, however, remained turbulent, and Neergaard's approach to governance created additional friction within the government. This tension reached a breaking point in mid-August 1922, when one of Venstre's key figures, §YJ.C. Christensen§!, resigned. His departure severely weakened party unity, with much of Venstre rallying around Christensen's protégé, the Minister of Agriculture, §YThomas Madsen-Mygdal§!.\n\nNow battered, Venstre found itself engulfed in a series of government crises. The most significant crisis came with the §Ycrash of Landmandsbanken§!, Denmark's largest bank and the financial cornerstone of the agricultural sector, which made up the bulk of Venstre's support base. Although the §cKonservative Folkeparti§! managed to save the bank through emergency measures, the damage to Neergaard's government was done. His administration muddled through the following years, its mishandling of the financial crisis fuelling widespread dissatisfaction. This economic mismanagement became a powerful campaigning tool for §YThorvald Stauning§!'s §SSocialdemokratiet§!, which capitalised on the public's frustration in the run-up to the next election.
Re-alignment towards Mitteleuropa §P(1924 - 1926)§!
The formation of §LMitteleuropa§! presented Denmark with an opportunity. As Germany's economy flourished, Denmark saw a chance to benefit by aligning itself with the Mitteleuropa system and tapping into the expanding German market, and so the year of 1924 marked a pivot for Denmark under §YThorvald Stauning§!'s newly-elected §SSocialdemokratiet§!: by  strengthening Denmark's §Yeconomic ties§! with §LGermany§! and officially §Yjoining§! the §LMitteleuropa§! bloc, he promised to embrace the economic realignment already underway, fully acknowledging Denmark's growing dependence on Germany as its main trading partner.\n\nAfter the election, Stauning and his cabinet in coalition with §lRadikale Venstre§!, set out plans to secure Denmark's economic future and heal its social divisions through a series of reforms spearheaded by Justice Minister §YKarl Kristian Steincke§!. These plans would evolve over the next decade, laying out the foundation for a more prosperous and equitable nation.\n\nStauning's first term, however, was soon to be marred by challenges. His efforts were continuously stymied by the §mVenstre§!-§cKF§! majority in the upper house, or Landstinget, and this political gridlock grew worse with the eruption of the §tBritish Revolution§! across the North Sea, an event that stirred anti-leftist sentiment throughout Danish society. Even §YKing Christian X§! publicly voiced his concern about the '§tatrocities§!' committed by the British revolutionaries in his 1926 New Year's Address, the first of its kind to be broadcast on the radio, which only deepened the political divide and triggered what became known as '§tNytårskrisen§!' or the New Year's Crisis. Despite rumours that the King might dismiss the government, this never came to pass.
A Decade of Compromises §P(1926 - 1936)§!
Stauning's §SSocialdemokratiet§!, now increasingly isolated, struggled to maintain its momentum. Unable to pass a budget for 1927, the government was forced to call a snap election in December of 1926, which saw a §mVenstre§!-§cKF§! coalition return to power, this time under the leadership of the fiscally conservative §YThomas Madsen-Mygdal§!. Yet this coalition, too, was plagued by internal discord, particularly over the §Ymilitary budget§!. While the §cKF§! pushed for increased defence spending due to rising revolutionary tensions across Europe and even in neighbouring Scandinavia, §mVenstre§! was more hesitant. The lack of consensus resulted in a largely ineffective government.\n\nIn the 1929 election, Stauning's §SSocialdemokratiet§! once again returned to power. Since then, Stauning has governed continuously, albeit with only marginal reform efforts held back by the need to compromise. The enduring §mVenstre§!-§cKF§! Landstinget majority has blocked many of Stauning's proposals, particularly those aimed at establishing a comprehensive welfare state. While Stauning remains committed to his vision, the road to realising his dream has been fraught with obstacles.\n\nMany now wonder what the future holds for Denmark. Will the country remain bound to the §cconservative§! §Yupper house§! and its willingness to fight §tSyndicalism§! abroad? Or will Thorvald Stauning manage to navigate these challenges and steer Denmark towards a modern welfare state, as he has long envisioned?
§MChristian X§! — §MSocialdemokratiet§! / §MRadikale Venstre§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Prior to completing the focus \
Føderationen - Kommunarder
Kommunistisk Føderation - Kommunarder (Communist Federation - Communards)\n§LA recent addition to Føderationen, founded in the early 1930s, the Kommunarder Clique of Føderationen comprises solely around Martin Andersen Nexø as a guiding figure for young communists. Characterised by their studies abroad in Britain and France, the Kommunarder Clique is a select faction of older communist figures, including Nexø as well as figures such as Børge Houmann and Alfred Jensen. Their ideals develop around the idea that Denmark should be transformed into a means for the Scandinavian revolution to flourish and that Denmark should transform itself into an outpost for the revolution. Alongside this, the Kommunarder Clique advocates for a centralisation of the state and for the sycophancy of the party to the state to achieve this final solution. Not only will Denmark's workers fight for their own liberation, so too shall they fight to liberate workers across Europe as well. Their views are not shared lightly across the party, and many regard them as Maximalists willing to do whatever it takes to ensure Denmark is converted into a socialist state not too dissimilar to that of France or Britain.§!\n
Føderationen - DVSP
Kommunistisk Føderation - Danmarks Venstresocialistiske Parti (Communist Federation - Danish Left Socialist Party)\n§LThe DVSP, founded in 1919 and merged with Christian Christensen's syndicalist FS in 1921 to form Føderationen, is primarily led by Aksel Larsen, a newer member of the party but a younger man who has gained prominence in Føderationen for his firebrand speeches and rhetoric which gained a mass following. The party had initially been led by Marie Sophie-Nielsen as well as Thøger Thøgersen, who broke away from Socialdemokratiet in the wake of the chaos of the tumultuous revolutions across Europe, and is now solely piloted by Larsen, with Thøgersen supporting him heavily. While the party holds in some regard other members who broke from Socialdemokratiet who advocate for republicanism, DVSP has taken on a stance of supporting workers' councils as the primary means for power in the nation. Larsen, though, is not liked by much of Føderationen and has shown signs of wanting to dissolve the party and place the DVSP as the sole mass party for Danish workers and citizens to support. Nevertheless, his rhetoric for creating a truly Danish Socialism untouched by foreign influence and inherently native has garnered much support for him, with a strong rural base of support.§!\n
Føderationen - Enhedspartiet
Kommunistisk Føderation - Enhedspartiet (Communist Federation - Solidarity Party)\n§LEnhedspartiet, formed in the late 1920s as a merger between Christian Christensen's FS, one of the original founders of Føderationen in 1921, comprises a unity of two men with similar upbringings and desires for a socialist Denmark. Christian Christensen, leader of the Fagopposition Samenslutning, and former social democrat, has long led this so-called 'union of unions', wanting to organise trade unions across the country into one big union which would operate and manage the desires and freedoms of workers with great efficiency. Conciliatory and compromising, Christensen and the FS are well liked by most but disliked by Larsen due to his desire for true trade union dominance over the country. On the other hand, young firebrand Richard Jensen emerges, representing the young guard and is held in high regard by those in the navy, especially as he chairs Søfyrbødernes Forbund, the chief union for sailors and seamen. He too came from a poor upbringing, working in the navy, and has represented his desires to elevate seamen for the tough job they perform and for the great disdain for how little attention is placed upon them. Alongside these views, followers of Jensen are brought on with his desires for constantly struggling for the revolution, arming every man, woman, and worker to the teeth to fight for a free, socialist Europe.§!\n
Socialdemokratiet
Socialdemokratiet (Social Democrats)\n§LSocialdemokratiet, founded in the late 19th century, champions themselves as the largest party in Denmark, chiefly due to the charming Thorvald Stauning and his popularity over the past decade. Founded popularly as Socialdemokratisk Forbund, many refer to the party as Socialdemokratiet instead, having been founded in the wake of Denmark's industrialisation and the desire for a democratic and socialist party for these new workers. However, it was not until Thorvald Stauning's ascension in 1924, in the wake of Radikale Venstre's failure in government and a caretaker conservative government being appointed, that Socialdemokratiet rose in popularity, also appointing the world's first female minister, Nina Bang. For the past decade, Stauning has alleviated tensions with the left in his desire to create a welfare state, in a coalition with Radikale Venstre, steering the course for Denmark's continued prosperity. Long having advocated for increased rights for workers, universal healthcare, female suffrage, and several new pensions, much of Denmark stands in accordance with Socialdemokratiet's continued dominance.§!\n
Venstre
Venstre (Left)\n§LFounded in 1870 under the name Det Forenede Venstre, Venstre emerged as a classical liberal party following the departure of Radikale Venstre in 1905 over the issue of antimilitarism. Venstre sits as the primary opposition to Thorvald Stauning's Socialdemokratiet, though with the rise of industrialisation and Danish hands moving to work in the cities as opposed to continuing to manage rural work, Venstre's popularity has shrunk over the past decade. Despite their clash with the conservative party Højre in the late nineteenth century, the Liberals now sits alongside Det Konservative Folkeparti in a centre-right coalition to oppose the dominance of the 'Socials.' Espousing ideals of classically liberal economic policies such as support for the free market, Venstre is seen as a party unable to keep up with the times and as such sees limited support outside of a coalition with the KF.§!\n
Radikale Venstre
Det Radikale Venstre (Radical Left)\n§LFounded in 1905, as a breakaway from Venstre, Radikale Venstre has seen a troubled history in the past several decades. Radikale Venstre rose out of the culturally radical movement of the late nineteenth century and has joined with Socialdemokratiet in natural opposition to the more conservative forces in Danish politics. Once the dominant party in this coalition, the widely unpopular wartime policies of Prime Minister Carl Theodor Zahle have left the party playing second fiddle to Socialdemokratiet. Still happy to support Stauning in his quest to create a welfare state, the Social Liberals are now led by Peter Munch, who presides over a party inclined economically by thinkers such as Henry George and John Stuart Mill, and a cautious view of social reform marred by a strong tie to demilitarisation.§!\n
KF (C)
Det Konservative Folkeparti - Constitutionalists (Conservative People's Party - Constitutionalists)\n§LFounded in 1916 out of the remnants of Højre through the incorporation of the Frikonservative and the Moderate Venstre splinter parties, the Konservative Folkeparti was to provide Denmark with a conservative party fit for the 20th century, one that would appeal to the growing middle class of civil servants and 'funktionærer' (while of course not neglecting its traditional base in industry, business and the landowners). While hardly one of the dominant parties in the 1920s, the KF successfully used its entrenchment in the upper house to block Stauning's more radical policies. One of its core tenets is to stand against the spread of socialism, a position the party has hardened since the British Revolution.\n\nConservative leader John Christmas Møller had long been detracting support from Stauning through labour reforms and activism for workers' rights, but many are growing wary of his counciliatory measures. Though this 'red scare' has inspired a resurgence of conservatism in Danish society, the KF is currently far from the levers of power, and even its one-time partner Venstre does not see eye-to-eye with its policy of rearmament 'to take the fight abroad', and so the KF sees itself alone in campaigning against Peter Munch's antimilitarist rhetoric and advocating for the necessary militarisation and investment into the army.§!\n
KF (A)
Det Konservative Folkeparti - Autocratic (Conservative People's Party - Autocratic)\n§LThe autocratic wing of KF follows a similar journey to its foundation, being a small but nominal faction of the KF formed during the 'red scare' following the British Revolution, inspired by the King's New Year's Speech of 1926. Led by Victor Pürschel, the autocratic wing of KF espouses a desire to reinvigorate power to King Christian X and also to consolidate Denmark around a single-party state whose Prime Minister is selected by the king, similar to the German system. This party does not nominally seek the abolishment of elections but rather wishes to control the means of the state and dominate politics, though Pürschel is quite open to the idea of Denmark being safe from the ills of socialism and as well as the destructive influence of letting the people decide the fate of the country. In government, there is growing support for their movement, with figures such as Ole Bjorn Kraft rallying in favour of an end to moderate conservatism entirely.§!\n
DS
Dansk Samling (Danish Unity)\n§LFounded in 1930, Dansk Samling is a party formed by former social democrat Arne Sørensen, in the wake of Stauning's election and commitment to compromise with Germany by having Denmark enter under the German economic bloc. His disdain for collaboration with the Germans, as well as a growing disdain for parliamentarisation, saw joining Mitteleuropa as the last straw for him. While his party is largely unpopular, he sees support in the army, alongside General Paul Ramm, and holds connections to much of the disgruntled high command disillusioned after governmental meddling in their budget. DS, as a party, is corporatist, anti-parliamentary, and advocates for a national revolution of Danish citizens, desiring for people to wake up and realise the devastation democracy has caused for Denmark. Popularly, Sørensen still holds left-wing social views, though many of his critics have expressed concern for his commitment to such ideas considering collaboration with smaller right-wing parties.§!\n
ND
Det Nye Danmark (The New Denmark)\n§LFounded in 1935, the ND is a fringe right-wing party led by Max Arildskov and adheres to a relatively new ideology known as National Populism, or that of what Boris Savinkov advocates for since his takeover of Russia in 1934. The ND is largely unpopular and has seen only some support, especially from those who fought alongside Arildskov in the Estonian War for Independence, as well as fellow Savinkovites who flocked to his cause after its creation. Of large concern is the German occupation of Nordslesvig lost half a century ago, and what few followers he has have made attempts to rally for its return unsuccessfully.§!\n
Føderationen - Stauningerne
Kommunistisk Føderation - Stauningerne (Communist Federation - Stauningists)\n§LSupporters of Stauning, mostly in the Radical-Socialdemokratiet, have rallied to Stauning's cause in the face of defending Danish democracy, as well as circumventing the devilish desires of King Christian X to overthrow Stauning, should Denmark be forced into German subservience. Much of Socialdemokratiet's popularity has diminished in the face of the installation of a socialist regime, and what remains have fled to support Munch's Radikale Venstre.§!\n
Føderationen - Stauningerne
Kommunistisk Føderation - Stauningerne (Communist Federation - Stauningists)\n§LWhile not a committed socialist, Stauning finds himself at odds with much of Radical-Socialdemokratiet, those who flocked to the DVSP after Socialdemokratiet's 1924 pivot towards a pro-Mitteleuropa trade policy. These supporters, such as Sigvald Hellberg, held in high regard Socialdemokratiet's openness to the left, but felt disillusioned as they continued to support an institution hell-bent on demolishing the Danish way of life. Thorvald Stauning himself has rallied behind this support less as the official Prime Minister-President of other parties under Føderationen, and more as a figurehead, as the Radical-Socialdemokratiet members have full sway. As long as Stauning's desires towards a welfare state are achieved, Stauning has put his full support behind Føderationen and the blossoming of a socialist democracy.§!\n
Føderationen - Stauningerne/DVSP
Kommunistisk Føderation - Stauningerne/Danmarks Venstresocialistiske Parti (Communist Federation - Stauningists/Danish Left Socialist Party)
Føderationen - Stauningerne/DVSP
Kommunistisk Føderation - Stauningerne/Danmarks Venstresocialistiske Parti (Communist Federation - Stauningists/Danish Left Socialist Party)\n§LThorvald Stauning, who has recently entered into a pact with Føderationen, has betrayed all of Socialdemokratiet by siding with the radicals in the party and joining with the extreme left in an insurrection. Democracy is dead in Denmark today, and so is the legitimacy of its longtime leader, Socialdemokratiet, who, along with influential figures like Frederik Borgbjerg and Sivgald Hellberg, has proclaimed that a democratic Denmark cannot exist alongside a royalist one. This split in the party has led to a collapse of popularity and trust in Socialdemokratiet, as Stauning and his allies have thrown their hat in with the socialist cause, for better or worse.§!\n
KF (W)
Det Konservative Folkeparti - Westergaardists (Conservative People's Party - Westergaardists)\n§LWestergaard's ideology is that which goes beyond the realm of KF, and much of the party holds little regard for his desires. However, with the failure of the government to act upon an impending revolution, Westergaard made sure to sign away all power to him and those at the top, including trusted associate Carsten Raft. Leader of the Konservative Ungdom or Young Conservatives, one of the first youth movements for a political party, Westergaard has rallied the KU around him like a paramilitary and has expressed a desire to transform Denmark into his own personal party-state of the right. He writes that alongside national conservatism, Denmark shall abide by 'the willingness to sacrifice and social solidarity, the dignity of labour, planned social and economic organisation, moral arming against spiritual decadence and looseness.' His ideals have wrapped around the ideology of social nationalism, an alternative to democracy and parliamentarism that seeks to rebirth Denmark under a vision far beyond its foundations. His desires align with a strain of national conservatism championed by KF minister Ole Bjorn Kraft, and Westergaard has seemingly reinstilled the spirit of the old right, Højre.§!\n
KF (W)
Det Konservative Folkeparti - Westergaardists (Conservative People's Party - Westergaardists)\n§LWestergaard's ideology is that which goes beyond the realm of KF, and much of the party holds little regard for his desires. However, with the failure of the government to act upon an impending revolution, Westergaard made sure to sign away all power to him and those at the top, including trusted associate Carsten Raft. Leader of the Konservative Ungdom or Young Conservatives, one of the first youth movements for a political party, Westergaard has rallied the KU around him like a paramilitary and has expressed a desire to transform Denmark into his own personal party-state of the right. He writes that alongside national conservatism, Denmark shall abide by 'the willingness to sacrifice and social solidarity, the dignity of labour, planned social and economic organisation, moral arming against spiritual decadence and looseness.' His ideals have wrapped around the ideology of social nationalism, an alternative to democracy and parliamentarism that seeks to rebirth Denmark under a vision far beyond its foundations. His desires align with a strain of national conservatism championed by KF minister Ole Bjorn Kraft, and Westergaard has seemingly reinstilled the spirit of the old right, Højre.§!\n
Forenede Venstre
Forenede Venstre (United Left)\n§LSubscribing to the negotiations undergone by Radikale Venstre and Venstre, Forenede Venstre has been reformed as a movement for the centre. With this newfound liberal prowess, softened views on social reforms, and greater acceptance for demilitarisation following victory in Europe and German acceptance for Denmark to return to neutrality, Forenede Venstre returns to the fray since its dissolution many decades ago.§!\n
Forenede Venstre
Forenede Venstre (United Left)\n§LSubscribing to the negotiations undergone by Radikale Venstre and Venstre, Forenede Venstre has been reformed as a movement for the centre. With this newfound liberal prowess, softened views on social reforms, and greater acceptance for demilitarisation following victory in Europe and German acceptance for Denmark to return to neutrality, Forenede Venstre returns to the fray since its dissolution many decades ago.§!\n
DS
Dansk Samling (Danish Unity)\n§LFounded in 1930, Dansk Samling is a party formed by former social democrat Arne Sørensen in the wake of Stauning's election and commitment to compromise with Germany by having Denmark enter under the German economic bloc. His disdain for collaboration with the Germans, as well as a growing disdain for parliamentarisation, saw joining Mitteleuropa was the last straw for him and he left in 1923. While his party is largely unpopular, he sees support in the army, alongside General Paul Ramm, and holds connections to much of the disgruntled high command disillusioned after governmental meddling in their budget. DS, as a party, is corporatist, anti-parliamentary, and advocates for a national revolution of Danish citizens, desiring for people to wake up and realise the devastation democracy has caused for Denmark. Popularly, Sørensen still holds left-wing social views, though many of his critics have expressed concern for his commitment to such ideas considering collaboration with smaller right-wing parties.§!\n
NH
Nye Højre (New Right)\n§LThe rebirth of Højre which collapsed in 1915, Nye Højre seeks to rebuild the legacy of J.B.S Estrup and abandon the idea of parliamentarism. Their ideals and compromises with KF have come to an end, ushering in the desire for a revival of a true right-wing movement in Denmark. Largely receiving corporate support from big businesses in Denmark such as from A.P Møller, the NH stands as an entity to support the ideals of figurehead ideologues such as Jack Westergaard. His ideals have wrapped around the ideology of social nationalism, an alternative to democracy and parliamentarism that seeks to rebirth Denmark under a vision far beyond its foundations. This movement opposes reform and modernisation, decrying liberal and socialist influences for defaming Danish greatness to begin with.§!\n
NH (W)
Nye Højre - Westergaardists (New Right - Westergaardists)\n§LNH's Westergaardist wing comprises entirely of Westergaard's die-hard supporters and those who truly follow towards his ideals. While many in NH have rallied to support the national conservatism that figures such as Ole Bjorn Kraft have championed, another strain which stands behind Dansk Samling leader Arne Sørensen have come to support a new Westergaardist bloc within the movement. With visions to guide the movement within that of where he can truly shape a new society, Westergaard has been known to champion ideals such as social nationalism.§!\n
NH (S)
Nye Højre - Savinkovists (New Right - Savinkovists)\n§LThe Savinkovist wing of NH is an oddity, made up primarily of the few supporters of Max Arildskov's Nye Danmark which was founded as a sister party to Savinkov's movement after its takeover in 1935, sits as the primary base for republicanism within NH. This Savinkovist wing sits as a minority within the party, having only gained momentum due to some radicalised members of Westergaard's KU who popularly support the creation of a right-wing republic.§!\n
KF
Det Konservative Folkeparti (Conservative People's Party)\n§LNow finally free from the grasp of Pürschel's autocrats, John Christmas Møller guides the new unified KF into the future, with strong goals for the eventual implementation of unicameralism, which will cement the centre-right in Denmark. His popularity and advocacy for democracy amidst the split in the party has not gone unfounded, and much of Pürschel's former supporters have joined Møller in the KF, standing behind his desires for a conservative but also democratic Denmark.§!\n
KF (M)
Det Konservative Folkeparti - Moderates (Conservative People's Party - Moderates)\n§LWestergaard's control over parliament has been solidified with his loyalists and their so-called 'New Conservatism,' which aims to push ahead measures to control the country. Møller has announced to all those who love Denmark, democracy and the freedom it has brought to its citizens to resist Westergaard and bring an end to this quasi-dictatorship. The entire spectrum of democratic parties has coalesced into a group for the restoration of democracy, solidified behind Møller's leadership. Westergaard's control over the country is secure for now due to the ongoing war, but perhaps things will change once peace arrives.§!\n
Danish Mountains
Danish Rivers
Danish Islands
Mythical Figure
The Statsraad Regime has been installed.
The Constitutional Crisis is ongoing.
§GThe Kanslergade Agreement Succeeded.§!
§RThe Kanslergade Agreement Failed.§!
[ROOT.DEN_GetMilitaryDecisionName]
Gather Political Support
Make Backroom Deals
Promote Governmental Honesty
BOPA Guerilla Activity
Module Research
Radar Research
Destroyer Research
Submarine Research
Cruiser Research
Encourage Local Investment
The Crisis Worsens!
Increased Industry Investments
Sponsored Hospital Construction
Augmented Insurance Programmes
Extra Loan Deposits
Entice Immediate Investments
Today, after an agreement was made with King Christian X, he has agreed to cooperate behind his plan of closer alignment with the German hegemon. However, his goals are not aligned with the people of Denmark, who desire considerable force of evidence to believe that Denmark is ready and able to assist Germany in the upcoming war. Therefore, we must do all that we can in order to express to the people of Denmark that this government is ready and willing to arm the nation for war.\n\nThis does not mean our task will be easy; King Christian X is still watching our every move and can pass a motion to dismiss the government if we handle this situation poorly. We must be careful to ensure that we maintain proper checks and balances, lest the king deem us too corrupt to hold government any longer.
Crisis has erupted in Copenhagen! Today, in clear opposition to our wishes in government, the king has made it clear that he desires for Denmark to take a seat amongst the major powers of the world and throw our hat into their ring. Christian X, with the backing of the conservative Det Konservative Folkeparti, has put plans into motion which could spell the end of our ruling government as we know it.\n\nWe have one trump card, fortunately, which lies in the loyalties of the armed forces. They are not entirely to the beck and call of the king, and we still hold a comparable amount of influence over them. Using the resources available to us, we may yet be able to expose the king for the tyrant he truly is!
Launch a Military Parade in Copenhagen
Divert the Military Away from Copenhagen
The Kommunarder Clique!
The Enhedspartiet!
The DVSP!
The Stauningerne wing!
No Majority...
first German demand received has been a request for military access, where German troops would be allowed positions in Danish military bases in case of Internationale or Russian invasion in neighbouring ports or cities, as well as leasing Danish ports for dock with German ships. Stauning has opened debate with the cabinet based on these demands, and while they would impede on Danish sovereignty in some part, it would allow Denmark to maintain neutrality, albeit from a 'neutral ally' perspective such as Norway took in the past war. However, there are those in the cabinet that have outright rejected the demands, and as such there is an impasse on the decision. Stauning has the final call to sway either side of the debate; how should we reply?
first German demand received has been a request for Denmark's outright membership in their military alliance. This comes with complete outrage from much of the party, including coalition leader Peter Munch, declaring that this demand is a call to turn Denmark into nothing more than another Oststaat for the Germans. Much of Socialdemokratiet is in agreement with this consensus, though the alternative of invasion or perhaps striking a deal with the sharks on the other end of the pond doesn't make rejecting the offer any more convincing. However, there are those in the cabinet that believe this demand is a necessity and should be accepted, and as such there is an impasse on the decision. Stauning has the final call to sway either side of the debate; how should we reply?
second German demand received has been a request for diverting trade towards Germany, and levying a far lower cost on the import and purchasing of Danish goods towards German hands. This agreement would place a small toll on the Danish economy, but would allow Denmark to yet trade with anyone they desire, though much of it throttled towards the German market. Stauning has agreed that these demands would put a bit of a stall on plans towards implementing the greatest extent of the welfare state; however, there are those in the cabinet that have accepted the demands, and as such there is an impasse on the decision. Stauning has the final call to sway either side of the debate; how should we reply?
second German demand received has been a request for diverting trade towards Germany, as well as diverting a quarter of the Danish civilian industry towards German hands. Danish factories would in turn be used for the processing of natural resources, to construct refineries and to also create rations, as well as any non-war materiel product for use in the German economy. Such a demand would place a hefty toll on the Danish economy and even call into question how 'neutral' Denmark can even be when a portion of its economy is being leased to Germany. The leasing of factories has also caused an uproar in the cabinet, declaring that this demand subverts Danish independence and forces Denmark into a submissive position to the German government. The cabinet is largely against this demand; however, Stauning has the final call to sway either side of the debate; how should we reply?
is widely credited with saving Denmark by hastily pursuing a socialist doctrine against his own beliefs. Many have noted that this decision was spearheaded by his popularity as a Danish figurehead to unite the left and save Denmark from becoming nothing more than a German puppet. Føderationen has given more than an official funeral and has declared Thorvald Stauning unofficially as one of the founding fathers of the Danish socialist state, to be remembered for generations to come.
is widely credited with containing Syndicalism, as well as the ND and the DS, and some voices are calling for him to be given a state funeral, an honour normally not bestowed on Danish Prime Ministers, but considering the time he has held power, he isn't 'just a prime minister'.
This is failsafe text, if you are seeing this, please report it as it is a bug.
Through desperate negotiations, economic stipends to the Kaiserreich, as well as having to allow for German troops to rest on Danish soil in times of a possible invasion, Denmark has preserved its neutrality. This does not come with a sigh of relief, as Denmark watches from the sidelines of what may turn out to be another war across the entire world. Volunteer brigades have been formed from the left and the right, and from the centre, pushing themselves to fight on battlefields across Europe and beyond.\n\nWhile Denmark may have avoided direct alignment with one side or the other, Marshal Prior has cautioned the army to prepare for a scenario in which the Third Internationale exploits their isolation to strike into Germany, but much of the government has rejected overt mobilisation and conscription, citing that it would violate several treaties signed with Germany. For now, all we can do is wait and see whether Europe will fall into turmoil or if Denmark will find itself entrenched between the beasts of the west and east.
[GetSecondInCommand] met with King Christian X after having publicly declared a joint statement for war alongside the German Empire and its allies. Danish troops have been training and mobilising, and the government has done justice in due diligence to prepare the country for war. While Denmark's military prowess may be reduced to either an army for its defence alongside a mobile elite force for use in the German Heer or on the eastern front against the Russian forces, Denmark has made history with its choices to align to fight for the stability of Europe.\n\nHowever, this news has not been received well across Denmark, and many antimilitarists have taken to the streets of major cities in Denmark, especially Copenhagen, to protest the war effort. While they do not present a significant threat, some in our cabinet have expressed worry that insidious groups within the country may take advantage of such sentiment and resist our decision.
This is Denmark's darkest hour, or perchance one of many in history as Denmark strives to fight against Germany, for the preservation of Danish democracy and the state, though under a newly formed socialist government. Thorvald Stauning has made the biggest risk of his entire career, and what will prove to be a damning pivotal one which will decide whether or not Denmark survives and thrives or plummets to German occupation. Failed negotiations led to this moment, and Stauning's compromise on his democratic ideals to adopt a socialist system has seen great displeasure from his party and much of Venstre, KF, and Radikale Venstre.\n\nHowever, for how bold his actions were, Denmark now finds itself in somewhat of a socialist system, with the backing of troops from France and Britain and a general mobilisation of forces; only time can tell if this gamble was worth the risk.
This is failsafe text; if you are seeing this, please report it as it is a bug.
Thorvald Stauning has triumphed, with the assistance of his cabinet and careful political manoeuvring, the crisis has come and gone, for better or for worse, as Denmark now finds itself allied to the German Kaiserreich. The Danish military has already begun to mobilise, alongside the readying of the air force and the navy, preparing for a conflict from east to west to determine the fate of Europe and beyond. Stauning's dreams for neutrality may have been dashed, but the continuance of a fair Danish democracy will proceed as desired. From here, Stauning has announced plans to continue the development of the welfare state... and curtail these long unresolved reserved powers the king holds.
Thomas Madsen-Mygdal has triumphed; the constitutional crisis shall not end in the death of Danish democracy and liberalism, but rather with Denmark preparing itself for war against the International and with Russia. Madsen-Mygdal has addressed the country, dictating that Danish liberalism is not dead, and that only through alignment with Germany will Denmark not only survive but also participate in the foundation of preserving stability in Europe. He has also addressed that he has uncovered plans of KF collaborating with the king in case of his dismissal as Prime Minister, and the end of the coalition with KF may be on the horizon.
King Christian X swiftly fled the country after abdicating the throne, though he doesn't do so without any flair, having declared that his relatives in the German Empire will demand his reinstatement and that it is only a matter of time before Denmark capitulates to the might of the German beast. Thorvald Stauning hastily addressed the country, declaring King Christian X a tyrant who was planning his dismissal and the death of Danish democracy in place of an authoritarian one bent on maintaining his power. Already, Stauning has sent a diplomat to Berlin to discuss the terms of the new Danish-German relations, and only time can tell if peace will prevail.
Thomas Madsen-Mygdal proposed plans to lower the voting age from 25 to 23 years and has made plans for a series of anti-socialist laws; however, many of them have been cast down by John Christmas Møller. In exchange for rigorous anti-socialist laws as well as continuing the grand liberal economic ambitions that Madsen-Mygdal has been eager to add to his party's programme, Møller has convinced him that a unicameral parliament should be instituted. Despite the dominance of the liberals and conservatives in the upper house, Møller has long clamored for an end to what has been, for decades, a rubber stamp obstructing progress for reform. Unfortunately, their plans have been thwarted by the specter of worldly affairs.
Thorvald Stauning proposed plans to lower the voting age from 25 to 23 years and to replace the upper house of the Rigsdag, the Landsting, with the Rigsting. Stauning has received approval for his plans from across the spectrum, with even the chiefly classical liberal-minded Thomas Madsen-Mygdal approving in favour of what has long been a desire for the modernisation of the Rigsdag. Nobody stands in the way of these plans but worldly affairs, which have drawn daggers against these plans ever seeing the light of day for a vote.
Denmark
Danish
Denmark
Danish Workers' Republic
the Danish Workers' Republic
Danish Workers' Republic
the Danish Workers' Republic
Danish People's Republic
the Danish People's Republic
Danish State
the Danish State
Danish People's Republic
Danish
the Danish People's Republic
Martin Andersen Nexø
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1869, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an impoverished and dysfunctional family in the slums of his nation's capital, most of Martin's early life was spent in Nexø, on the island of Bornholm, which the family had moved to when he was eight years old. He was expected to find work and leave home early, toiling as a janitor, cobbler, and mason, until he was able to afford to attend high school in his early 20s. Though drawn to Christian Humanism, Martin also showed sympathies for Socialism and became committed to elevating the voice of the working class as an author. He appended 'Nexø' to the end of his surname, both due to the love of his hometown but also to stand out. During the 1800s, his works saw little purchase outside of the island, and to make things worse, he began to show signs of tuberculosis, which forced him to travel to the Mediterranean to convalesce. There, he saw that the working classes of Italy, Spain, and North Africa were not any different from those of Denmark. Inspired by this commonality, as well as by tales of daring Iberian and Italian revolutionaries, Martin returned to Denmark a committed internationalist and a true socialist. By the turn of the century, he had begun writing his seminal work, 'Pelle the Conqueror', about a young Danish boy who rises to become a labour organiser, while also starting to attend meetings of the Social Democratic Party.\n\nHe wrote often of pessimism and hopelessness as a 'bourgeois disease', but began to personally show doubts over time whether Social Democracy and Reformism were sufficient to elevate the working class. By the late 1910s, the revolutions in Russia and France made him a full-blown Communist. He would later emerge as a Danish delegate to the first meeting of the Third International and for many years as a resident of the French countryside. Even so, he was not a professional politician nor a professional revolutionary; as old age and infirmity wrapped him in their embrace, Martin returned to writing as his principal method for changing the world around him. Though a literary force of nature, the proletarian from Nexø is more renowned as a figurehead due to his connections to Paris and for the political patronage he has offered younger Danish communists, particularly of the radical 'Kommunard' clique.§!
Børge Houmann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1902, in Fredericia, Vejle County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSchooled abroad in England during the Weltkrieg, Houmann returned home and worked at Store Nordiske Telegrafselskab and De danske Statsbaner for several years. Houmann had a devout interest in literature and politics, and often looked to the writings of Kommunard Clique leader Nexø for inspiration. This led to his eventual joining with Føderationen in 1926, having decried that the revolutions ongoing in Britain and France were only the first step, and under their stewardship, Denmark could ascend to that level of freedom from the shackles of reactionarism and capitalism. This fervour, in combination with working alongside Nexø, paved the way for Houmann's rise to a leadership position, at an equivalent rank to the ageing Nexø.\n\nMuch of Houmann's work in the 1930s has alluded to the preparation for what he feels will be an inevitable revolution. As such, he is making contact with and linking the Kommunarder Clique to that of the Internationale, and preparing groundwork for the foundation of movements to resist any push the government makes to undermine Denmark as a whole.§!\n\n§YNotes: Houmann is a prolific writer and editor and has directed many books and pamphlets towards workers and intellectuals alike.§!
Christian Christensen
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1882, in Bandholm, Maribo County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LChristensen was born in Bandholm, Lolland, but moved to Copenhagen when he was only five years old. His family stayed within what was known as the rhubarb quarter of the capital; marred by extreme poverty, Christensen's upbringing was characterised by what he felt as a unity amongst the poor. At the age of eighteen, Christensen joined Socialdemokratiet's youth organisation, but soon resigned shortly after. His resignation was due to his alignment with reading on socialist thinkers of the time, such as Marx, but also that of Gersion Trier and Nicolaj L. Petersen. In 1908, Christensen joined the Syndikalist Forbund and became a founding father of the revolutionary trade union movement, Fagoppositionens Sammenslutning. He wrote a book in 1910 titled Arbejderne og Børneflokken, and actively agitated that sexual emancipation and child restraint were essential parts of the struggle of the working class.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, Christensen was an editor for the movement's magazine. Towards the war's conclusion, his participation in the Storm on Børsen led to his arrest for a time, but that did not slow down his work. The early 1920s saw the formation of Føderationen, and Christensen was a major joiner, having merged the FS with Larsen's DVSP to form a united party for the left to coalesce under. Into the 1930s, the FS has enjoyed success in recruitment, so much so that the nature of the FS as the superior form to organise the country as a union of unions came under fire, which led to the formation of Enhedspartiet to represent the factions of Denmark from then on. Christensen, as a founding father of the movement, represents the old guard and desires a bureaucratic solution to the problems Denmark faces today.§!
Richard Jensen
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1894, in Frederiksberg, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRichard Jensen came from a poor working-class home; his mother tended to much of the household's duties while his father was often drunk and abusive. Jensen struggled to stay in school, often skipping class, but he gained knowledge living out on the street, as well as the skill and physicality to fight. In the lead-up to the Weltkrieg, Jensen worked as a deck boy and a lighthouse keeper - a job that was endless, work that required a lot out of the sailors of Denmark and for quite little in terms of pay and welfare. Impressed by Christensen's works, as well as having supported the Storm on Børsen in 1920, Jensen joined up with the syndicalists and rose up to the leading role amongst the young guard, declaring he would 'bring fuel to the fire of the world revolution.'\n\nPopular amongst the sailors, Jensen also became chairman of the Søfyrbødernes Forbund, which sought to largely increase wages and decrease working hours for sailors. A strong supporter of an active revolutionary struggle against the capitalist world, Jensen grew popular amongst those disgruntled with participation in the systems at hand, declaring support for its overthrow at any cost.§!\n\n§YNotes: In 1919, Jensen narrowly survived onboard the Korsør train that crashed at Vigerslev Allé.§!
Aksel Larsen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1897, in Odense, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a poor family, Larsen lived from job to job as a child, and, influenced by his family's support for Socialdemokratiet, attended its rallies in his youth. Larsen took part in the violent demonstrations on Grønttorvet in November of 1918 and gradually became more radical in his views. When Socialdemokratiet and De Samvirkende Fagforbund entered a settlement, he resigned from the party and immediately joined the newly founded Left Socialist Party (DVSP), which a year later merged with the FS to form the Kommunistisk Føderation. His popularity was seemingly unknown, as, for the time, popular DVSP founder Marie Sophie-Nielsen stewarded the party from the 1920s, and it was not until her slow retirement that people picked up on the powerful oration of Aksel Larsen.\n\nLarsen visited France and Britain in the late 20s, using his time to study their revolutions - but he was left disappointed and returned to Denmark shortly after. He was dissatisfied with the way that Danes were looking to emulate the French and British model, instead promoting a truly Danish socialism, one with the ideals he gained as a young working-class man. Larsen gained the party leadership of the DVSP shortly after Stauning's ascension as Prime Minister in 1930 and has since promoted both a sense of reunification with the radicals of Socialdemokratiet, but also desires to rally the farmers against the steep crises they faced with ongoing urbanisation.§!
Thorvald Stauning
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1873, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe only child of a family in a working-class household, Thorvald Stauning's mother wanted him to have a good education, and thus his mother got him interested in the growing Danish Labour Movement. He often visited meetings of Socialdemokratiet with his parents as a child, which paved the way for his interest in socialism after reading works by the authors of his time.\n\nThorvald Stauning joined Socialdemokratiet in 1890, at the age of 17, after participating in the May Day protests. Stauning's work in unions developed into his unique ability to negotiate and work with people, and this propelled his rise through the ranks in the following decades. The central leadership recommended his appointment in 1901, but it was not until 1906 that Stauning won a constituency and entered the Rigsdag. Bypassing the syndicalist movements of his time, Stauning utilised his negotiating and orating skills to streamline popularity within Socialdemokratiet, and as leader of the party, fell into coalition alongside Zahle's liberals for much of the Weltkrieg.\n\nOver the course of Zahle's successive governments, Socialdemokratiet had become the stronger party within the coalition, and in 1924, when new elections were held, Stauning's party won them handily. Since then, while having served straight as Prime Minister of Denmark with a small break between 1926 and 1929, Stauning has taken offence with the king's handling of meddling with foreign policy and Munch's clinging desire for the attitude of pacifism.§!\n\n§YNotes: Stauning is not regarded highly in his personal life, with accusations of promiscuity, including outright adultery and alcoholism. While still married to his wife, he has largely escaped punishment due to his political connections with Socialdemokratiet.§!
Vilhelm Buhl
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1881, in Fredericia, Vejle County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVilhelm Buhl was raised in Fredericia by a farmer and went to law school in 1900. Here, he became a student involved with Socialdemokratiet and joined several organisations, including Studentersamfundet and Catilina. In the lead-up to the Weltkrieg, Buhl took his time in law school in order to get a job to become a judge; however, he abandoned this goal in favour of employment by Copenhagen's tax authorities. Here, Buhl was instrumental in working through the legal, political, and economical problems regarding taxation in the city and rose to the role of Tax Director in 1924. Into the 1920s, Buhl worked with CV Bramsnæs to reorganise the workers' cooperative housing association after its collapse, and he became a key figure in the labour movement of the time.\n\nAn official in Socialdemokratiet, and having served studiously with Thorvald Stauning, Buhl is a respected politician focused sorely on finances and has been critical for Denmark to navigate budgeting issues surrounding the construction of the Welfare State as well as concerns based on fiscal policy. Buhl, however, largely disagreed with contemporaries based on economic policies, such as those made by John Maynard Keynes.§!\n\n§YNotes: During an interview, Buhl was asked if he paid his taxes with pleasure, in which he responded in agreement and then said, 'Pay Your Taxes with Joy.'§!
Peter Munch
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1870, in Redsted, Thisted County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA child born into one of the large farming families which existed in northern Denmark, Munch mainly lived on a farm for much of his childhood before his family moved to Copenhagen in 1888. Munch studied dutifully, and seldom did he reserve time for 'amusements' which he felt existed outside of his interests. Afterwards, Munch studied philosophy and became entangled with the works of John Stuart Mill. His work as a historian and philosopher led to a love of studying Denmark's national liberal period, which was half a century from the 1840s to the 1880s.\n\nAt the turn of the century, Munch was finally finding his footing ideologically, as a student he carried right-wing views which were attributed not to social or political means, but in having a strong sense of Danish nationalism. Instead, he was entranced by the famed social liberal, Viggo Hørup, and abandoned his nationalist views in favour of the defence and reform policies advocated by the left wing.\n\nHe followed the stringent belief that 'developing Denmark into a superior culture and community would overtake the militaristic culture of the invading nation, to preserve the Dane's national life until the state could gain its independence.' Munch was a member of Zahle's Cabinet over the course of the Weltkrieg. He worked through the 1920s to reform Radikale Venstre and entered into a coalition with Thorvald Stauning, working towards moderate social reform and a shared lowered defence policy. Munch perceived that Germany would forever serve as Europe's policeman in the years following their victory and gave many vibrant speeches discussing disarmament and ensuring that another Weltkrieg could never happen.\n\nThe years that followed into the 1930s were met with bitter resistance towards demilitarisation; several bills passed through parliament would be quelled in the upper house, and Munch became increasingly frustrated. Stauning had read the writing on the walls and had begun a bid of partial increases towards the budget, which enraged Munch, leading to the establishment of the 'Pacifist Accord' which remains as a tenuous agreement upon the state.§!\n\n§YNotes: Devout advocate for strict neutrality, Munch lives by the Viggo Hørup quote 'Hvad skal det nytte?' or 'What's the use of it all?' referring to the armed forces in Denmark.§!
Thomas Madsen-Mygdal
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1876, in Hjørring, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMygdal originally pursued a degree in education but subsequently withdrew from the programme and enrolled in an agricultural school. He subsequently assumed the role of instructor at Dalum Agricultural School and subsequently served as principal from 1908 to 1920. In a manner similar to his father, Madsen-Mygdal joined the Radikale Venstre party at the outset of the First World War, requesting that he be appointed Minister of Agriculture. However, Prime Minister Zahle rejected this request, and in part due to disagreement with the government's regulatory policy, Madsen-Mygdal subsequently left the party. His desire for pure liberalism within Denmark, alongside the enshrinement of agriculture as Denmark's main industry, propelled his popularity within Venstre, the leading liberal party of the time. Madsen-Mygdal was concerned about the influence of state intervention in the economy and largely advocated for the market to stay as free as possible, decrying trade unions to be abhorrent.\n\nIn 1924, after the defeat of Niels Neergard's right-wing coalition comprising Venstre and KF, Madsen-Mygdal was approved as the official leader of the opposition. Under his stewardship, Venstre approved several trade deals with Germany and paved the way for several agricultural reforms. When Thorvald Stauning's government failed to pass a budget for 1927, snap elections were called in December of 1926, after which Madsen-Mygdal formed a government for the first time, though only for a single term. His term was marred by great resentment from the working class as Madsen-Mygdal sought to empower the Danish Krone by reducing wages and easing up on social costs.\n\nIn 1930, Madsen-Mygdal lost the bid for a second term after a disagreement with the brand new KF leader, John Christmas Møller, who found the subordination of the conservatives to Venstre detestable and vetoed the passing of a new Finance Act. Despite leading from the opposition into the 1930s, Madsen-Mygdal is a pragmatic man willing to support the rural population and address their needs despite the growing labour movement, which has since trounced a lot of his popular support.§!\n\n§YNotes: Madsen-Mygdal popularly said, 'Let fall what cannot stand' in regards to the free market, which sums up his classically liberal attitude.§!
Knud Kristensen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1880, in Ringkøbing, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKristensen was educated in agriculture growing up and was an active farmer alongside his political endeavours. Kristensen joined Venstre and nurtured the local farmer's disdain for market-town political conservatism, which drew a lot of animosity between himself and KF leader John Christmas Møller. In 1918, Kristensen was nominated within the Silkeborg constituency and became active in building support towards the Venstre Youth. He stood side by side with Thomas Madsen-Mygdal during the Christensen affair and his rise to popularity and served within his cabinet from 1926-1929. Towards the 1930s, Kristensen serves as the role of deputy chairman of Venstre.§!\n\n§YNotes: After Kristensen bought a farm in Humlebæk, Kristensen would often tend to his farm on non-meeting days and, on days he worked in parliament, take the coastal train home after work to his farm.§!
John Christmas Møller
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1894, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom a young age, Møller became involved with politics and followed conservative views dictating strong national defence and nationalist ideals. During the Weltkrieg, with support by his mentoring upperclassman Aage Kidde, Møller founded the Konservative Ungdom and chaired it on two separate occasions. His work for the KU propelled Møller to candidacies for several constituencies, and eventually was elected. Møller rose through the ranks of the mainstay Konservative Folkeparti, eventually replacing Victor Pürschel as KF's parliamentary leader. Following the king's condemnation of the British Revolution in his New Year's Speech in 1926, the conservatives split into two factions, a portion following Victor Pürschel under desires to empower the king, while the remainder stayed loyal to Møller.\n\nPopularity for the KF was weakened over the course of the 1920's, and the party was forced into a coalition with Thomas Madsen-Mygdal, who held little regard for the KF's goals. Madsen-Mygdal's rejection of a raised defence budget led to the KF vetoing his Finance Act, which let the 'Socials' coalition take the stage in government. Møller now yearns to reclaim standing for his party since the disgraced caretaker cabinet appointed by the king lost the 1924 election in a landslide.§!\n\n§YNotes: A well-known and well-liked politician amongst the people of Denmark, who will fight for the preservation of Danish democracy. Møller never learned English, contrary to other political leaders in Denmark.§!
Victor Pürschel
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1877, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPürschel took on a variety of jobs, including working as a clerk, police assistant, auditor, and eventually county judge throughout the early twentieth century. While he was at school, Pürschel took an interest in student union politics and eventually became entranced with the ideals of the Højre and, after decades of service to the party, saw himself in a leading position within its successor, the Konservative Folkeparti. When the King broke his silence and publicly condemned the actions of the British revolutionaries in his New Year's Speech in 1926, Pürschel urged support for the King's words and hoped that the King would dismiss Stauning's radical left-wing government. This view was at odds with that of parliamentarist wing leader John Christmas Møller, which created a rift in the party. Pürschel's beliefs stand across restoring the dominance of Højre, which had fallen during the Weltkrieg, and to resist political pressure across the spectrum towards reform. As such, Pürschel has garnered attention across the unpopular right and has rallied support from those who agree that the king's authority must be upheld.\n\nKing Christian X has taken an interest in the party and has often been seen in talks with yet another dismissal crisis should the current government fall, that of which would lead to Pürschel's appointment and consolidation of power. Pürschel desires, as many do, to recreate the hegemony of the right and to dismantle democracy in favour of a government agreeable to the king, in which his powers will be upheld and increased in some circumstances, though the constitutional monarchy will largely remain intact.§!
Arne Sørensen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1906, in Hvalpsund, Viborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTrained as a shop keeper, Sørensen worked as a shopkeeper until librarian Jørgen Banke saw potential in young Sørensen and funded his studies at Copenhagen. Living in the capital with Banke, Sørensen befriended his son, Niels Banke, where he got invested within politics. At the time, he worked as a teacher but was unsatisfied with his job, so he moved to found the political movement Dansk Samling. His reading of several cultural and philosophical books lead to Sørensen despising social conservatism and socialist and radical movements which were blind to traditional values. Out of this, Sørensen carried himself as a Danish nationalist who wanted to renew the Danish state in a new third way, eagerly looking towards other movements across Europe taking shape such as Romania's Legionaries and Russia's Savinkovists.\n\nMany of his supporters are young, disillusioned Danes who have rallied to his banner, though he sees little support across the spectrum due to his disdain with democracy. DS' showing in 1935 spelled doubt for his support, though he came out barely on top of the largely unpopular ND led by Max Arildskov. Despite this, Sørensen has continued to advocate for corporatism, anti-parliamentarism, nationalism, with a unique blend of left-wing views on social policy, as well as support for public pensions and increased child support.§!
Max Arildskov
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1896, in Hadsund, Ålborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArildskov was born into a farming family, though the agricultural business was rough for him and his family which led to the eventual auctioning of the family farm in 1916. In 1919, Arildskov and his father fought alongside Estonia during their war for independence and earned the rank of lieutenant in the Danish-Baltic Auxiliary Corps. At the end of the year many returned home to Denmark, but Arildskov personally volunteered to fight with General Aleksandr Rodzyanko's North-west Army in Petrograd. After fighting in the Northern army, he befriended Boris Savinkov and the two developed a relationship based on their shared extremist views.\n\nArildskov returned home the next year and was active in several right wing groups but did not find his footing until his friend Savinkov in Russia founded the SZRS and took power in the early 1930's. This inspired Arildskov to found Det Nye Danmark (ND) modeled off of Savinkov's views of a nationalist, republican party.§!
Christian X
Christian von Glücksborg ascended the Danish throne in 1912, following the death of his father, King Frederick VIII. Known for his serious and dutiful nature, he has often been compared to his grandfather, Christian IX.\n\nAs King, Christian guided Denmark through the turbulent years of the Weltkrieg, maintaining the nation's neutrality despite the hardships it faced. In the years following the war, he remained a constant presence during the country's recovery. However, the rise of the British Revolution and the spread of left-wing politics left him highly critical of such movements, to the point where he publicly denounced them in his widely broadcast New Year's Speech in 1926. Many believed he might dissolve the then ruling Social Democratic cabinet, triggering what is referred to as 'Nytårskrisen', or the New Year's Crisis, but he ultimately refrained from doing so.\n\nFirmly aligned with Denmark's conservative elements, Christian supports a military buildup to protect Danish sovereignty against the rising tide of socialism. While he has not directly intervened in domestic politics in recent years, those close to him observe that he always keeps a watchful eye on the nation's political landscape.
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1870, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1870, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_desc_body$\n\nThe King and Prime Minister Thomas Madsen-Mygdal have a close working relationship, but the newfound coalition including Radikale Venstre and the KF has strained it. Still, Madsen-Mygdal has insisted on policies caught that straddle demilitarisation and rearmament, and with the economy yet to recover, only time will tell if the Madsen-Mygdal cabinet will be as resistant to the king's wishes.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1870, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_desc_body$\n\nThe King now has bowed to the will of the government and agreed to the removal of his reserve powers in return for a military alignment with Germany. While it will take time for this transition to become official, many are rejoicing towards the newfound constitutionalism within the monarchy.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1870, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_desc_body$\n\nThe King has ultimately dismissed the government and decided to appoint a prime minister of his own choosing. Victor Pürschel now stands as the King's mouthpiece, and the long decade trapped beneath Stauning's government has seen an end with the conservative resurgence in Denmark.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1870, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$DEN_christian_af_glucksborg_desc_body$\n\nThe King has ultimately dismissed the government and decided to appoint a prime minister of his own choosing. John Christmas Møller now stands as the King's mouthpiece, and the long decade trapped beneath Stauning's government has seen an end with the conservative resurgence in Denmark.§!
Frederik af Glücksborg
Frederik IX
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1899, in Sorgenfri Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrederik af Glücksborg became crown prince of Denmark in 1912 following the ascension of his father, Christian X, to the Danish throne. Unlike his predecessors, Frederik took an interest in the navy and underwent an education at the University of Copenhagen and the Royal Danish Naval Academy. Frederik took command of the torpedo boat Søhunden in 1927 and has steadily been climbing the ranks as an officer in the Royal Danish Navy.\n\nAfter a failed engagement to Princess Olga of Greece, Frederik finally eloped in 1935, engaging himself with Princess Ingrid of Sweden. Beloved in the navy as well as amongst the populace for his appreciable personality and desire to break down the separation between himself and the common people, there are few who stand against his coronation.§!\n\n§YNotes: The young prince had 21 godparents, among them his great-grandfather King Christian IX, Emperor Nicholas II of Russia, King George I of Greece, King Oscar II of Sweden and Norway, his grandfather Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII of Great Britain), and his uncle Grand Duke Frederick Francis IV of Mecklenburg-Schwerin.§!
Alsing Andersen
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1893, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of Frederik Andersen, a famed social democratic politician and member of parliament, Alsing Andersen replaced his father's position upon his death in 1917 as deputy chairman of Socialdemokratiet. He gained a prominent place in the party after serving as Thorvald Stauning's secretary during the Weltkrieg due to his trilingualism, speaking English, Danish, and German. In 1929, Andersen gained the position of Minister of Defence and has served at that post since Stauning's electoral victory that same year.§!
H.C. Hansen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1906, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHansen was born into a home within the most distinctive working class neighbourhood in Aarhus. His siblings became involved within left leaning politics, which paved the way for his rise through Socialdemokratiet's youth movement in Amaliegade. His views on labour were defined through life in this movement, and he oversaw the need for providing greater opportunities and benefits for the working class. In 1924, Hansen would become leader of SDU, Socialdemokratiet's Danish Youth, and ascended to the eventual rank of national chairman for the group. He was key in creating a vivid cultural life for those within the SDU, organising activities such as: singing, mandolin playing, speaking choirs, plays, camp trips with campfires and ring dancing together. Hansen represents the eager young guard within Socialdemokratiet, entranced with steering the SDU through a plural democratic Denmark alongside his friend and coworker, Hans Hedtoft.§!\n\n§YNotes: Musically gifted, Hansen sung and wrote many poems, including the poem collection 'Tro og Trods came out.'§!
Jørgen Jørgensen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1894, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a priest, Jørgensen attended Sorø Academy majoring in philosophy and eventually became a professor of philosophy at the University of Copenhagen in 1926. Jørgensen won several gold medals for his philosophical works, leading him to visit Vienna and study with scientists and philosophers in logical positivism. Jørgensen's position amongst Danish intellectuals is troubled, due to his socialist leanings, which have seen acceptance by the left but only disdain and opposition from the right. His socialist tendencies, however, have subscribed him towards Neo-Kantianism, with its social tendencies in social philosophy. Jørgensen continues to write about the struggles of philosophy within education, as well as philosophy's place in the modern times.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has anti-religious stances, and has sent several letters questioning the existence of God.§!
Otto Carl Mohr
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1883, in the Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA diplomat and long time member of Radikale Venstre, Mohr gained prominence in the party after Radikale Venstre joined under Socialdemokratiet within the 'Socials' coalition as director of foreign affairs. Serving under Peter Munch, Mohr has overseen diplomatic missions to Germany, in regards to reaffirming Denmark's stance under the Mitteleuropa economic bloc as well as meetings organised across the Scandinavian trio of Kingdoms. Currently serving as Denmark's ambassador to Germany, Mohr has reaffirmed the German stance of stability and enduring prosperity, which has further reinforced Munch's attitudes towards pacifism.§!
Jack Westergaard
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1908, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a manufacturing wholesaler, Jack Westergaard studied economics at university and became ordained with the ideals of conservatism after joining up with the Konservative Ungdom in 1932. The former chairman, Carsten Raft, supported each and every rally that Westergaard would undergo as he styled his organisation to the effect of right wing movements rising in Europe, especially that of Codreanu in Romania. The KF's unpopularity and division into separate wings inspired Westergaard to act, moving him away from the tenets of constitutionalism and parliamentarism and emboldening within him to turn the KU into a movement of his own backing.\n\nDenmark would become that of a Christian, nationalist, anti-socialist, and anti-parliamentary state which had risen amongst the disgruntled youth in the past several years due to the rise of the 'Socials' coalition and their continued dominance over politics. Despite his disdain with parliamentarism, Westergaard struck a pact with KF-Constitutionalist leader John Christmas Møller. In return for financing the rising Konservative Ungdom movement, Westergaard would represent the KF at rallies and promote conservatism amongst the youth.§!\n\n§YNotes: Westergaard is a fanatic obsessed with reshaping society into his views surrounding social nationalism which would replace socialism, centrism, and parliamentary democracy as a whole.§!
A.P. Møller
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1876, in Dragør, Copenhagen County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from school, Møller trained in shipping companies abroad and eventually became an exceptionally skilled shipping man. From 1904-1912, Møller accepted the position of head of the chartering department within the CK Hansen Shipping Company, where he learned the ins and outs of the shipping industry and various freight markets. Afterwards, he resigned from CK Hansen and founded his own shipping company, and profited greatly throughout the Weltkrieg due to Denmark's neutrality. Throughout the 1920's, Møller expanded the fleet which operated in the Mediterranean Sea, Northern Sea, and Baltic Sea. Eventually, Møller was doing business with tankers and liners covering the entire globe. Politically, Møller has supported right-wing leaders Victor Pürschel and Jack Westergaard financially, and maintains ties with DS leader Arne Sørensen who all share support for Møller's conglomerate.§!
Knud Bach
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1871, in Rønge, Viborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated in agriculture both at home and at school, Bach took over his father's operations in his hometown at the age of 21 after his father died early. Bach ran this piece of land well, and absorbed neighbouring farms from his mother, as well as neighbouring properties, until he had owned 170 acres. For his prowess in land ownership and having owned the largest plot of agriculture in Funen within the early 20th century, Bach held positions as chairman of regional professional agricultural and economic associations. His concern for the agricultural industry came to a head when he met with fellow farmers who wanted to assert the significance agricultural issues which led to the founding of an association for farmers, the Landbrugernes Sammenslutning, or the Farmer's Association.\n\nSince 1930, the problems farmers have faced with growing urbanisation have even coalesced around a minor political party, the Farmer's Party, whose goals align chiefly with that of Venstre and the KF. The LS and the FP fight the issues of the system, though their outcry for economic aid to farmers has been overshadowed by the organisation of and threats to strike should farmer's rights not be respected.§!
Hans Hedtoft
§YBorn:§! §LApril 21st, 1903, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe youngest of 11 in his family, Hedtoft's father died when he was young which led to difficulties in their modest working class home. Hedtoft was unable to complete middle school and dropped out, becoming an apprentice to a stone engraver in Aarhus. Through this, Hedtoft began his political career by joining the local apprenticeship association and Socialdemokratiet Youth (SDU). He met and befriended HC Hansen, to which he'd both work with in Socialdemokratiet throughout the next few decades. Hedtoft followed the ideals of ethical socialism, and Hedtoft brought himself in as a strong leader amongst the SDU members. Throughout the 1920's, Hedtoft utilised his skills within organisation and propaganda to expand SDU, doubling its membership over the course of a decade. In the 1930's, Hedtoft has risen to the rank of party secretary, and serves closely with Thorvald Stauning.§!
Karl Kristian Steincke
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1880, in Viskinge, Holbæk County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSteincke spent much of his childhood in Nykøbing with his father who worked many jobs in town. Steincke was keenly captured by socialism during his late highschool years, despite his parents' conservative leanings. He studied law and frequently debated in Student Union debates, joining up with a social democratic discussion club. Steincke then became editor for this discussion club and vividly studied various philosophers, economists, and socially critical observers of which he'd apply their work to Danish conditions. At the end of the Weltkrieg, Steincke worked as a poverty inspector and gained insight into Socialdemokratiet's ideals for welfare, and practical knowledge in social work. During this time, Steincke wrote many detailed books and became the world's leading expert on public welfare. The underlying idea is that poverty or the need for public assistance is not one phenomenon, but many that exist due to the numerous facets of modern society and the very different prerequisites of the individual person, and possible solutions are drawn up.\n\nParty member of Socialdemokratiet, Steincke argued against deviations from party line but also criticised the party for having taken over the forms of the bourgeoisie: lack of freedom and distortions of the actual conditions. Through the 1920's and into the 1930's, Steincke serves as apart of Stauning's cabinet and has implemented many social reforms such as the disability pension introduced through Carl Theodor Zahle's final cabinet. Despite being appointed Minister of Justice initially, Steincke took over the position of Minister of Social Affairs from the then ageing Frederik Borgbjerg, pulling away from positions due to a heart condition.§!\n\n§YNotes: Steincke was once shot at in 1930 while giving a speech by Syndicalist Charles Nielsen. A psychiatrist deemed him sane, but there was not enough evidence to link him to Føderationen, who have denounced any sort of affiliation to him.§!
Aksel Møller
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1906, in Asminderød, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMøller did not entirely finish highschool, and in 1922 went to work for Fire Insurance in Copenhagen due to the collapse of Landmandsbanken in 1924, as his father was not able to fund his education further. Møller studied politics and became involved with the conservatives, following in his father's footsteps, but going a step further to involve himself with the Konservative Ungdom (KU). Møller primarily came into conflict with then chairman Carsten Raft, and succeeding chairman Jack Westergaard based on direction of the KU. Møller was a proponent of John Christmas Møller's parliamentarist wing of the KF, while Westergaard and Raft were supporters of Pürschel's autocratic wing. Møller's position has sparked concern within the KU, with a similar state of division as the main party.§!
Bertel Dahlgaard
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1887, in Rødding, Viborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEducated in the agricultural business, Dahlgaard primarily studied American economist Henry George. In 1905, Dahlgaard was stricken with polio and thus was unable to take over his family's farm. Instead, Dahlgaard studied economics and eventually became employed at Copenhagen's statistical office. His most important contribution here was the founding of a modern population register, as well as expanding and improving the capital's statistical publication business. While he was sutdying, Dahlgaard helped found Radikale Venstre's youth organisation and stood as leader for several years before winning constituency in Skivekredsen. Marred by the sudden dismissal of then Prime Minister Carl Theodor Zahle, Dahlgaard found his footing using his skills in political strategy and tactics to negotiate with Socialdemokratiet, and became a key minister within Thorvald Stauning's later cabinets. Dahlgaard has worked greatly as a representative of Peter Munch's Radikale Venstre in navigating the coalition with Stauning's Socialdemokratiet, developing a strong relationship between the two parties.§!
Arne Munch-Petersen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1904, in Frederiksberg, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPetersen was raised in a respected academic family and became involved with young intellectual circles which drove him towards the left. After the founding of Føderationen, Petersen joined up with the party in 1925 and became party secretary of the DVSP-wing of Føderationen. Petersen often lives in the shadow of party leader Aksel Larsen, and is often the main critic of his desires to turn the DVSP into an all-encompassing mass party for Denmark to follow under. Petersen nearly left the party when he visted Paris in the early 1930's, being labeled as a 'French socialist sympathiser' and traitor to all that DVSP stands for. Since then, Petersen has disentangled with the DVSP and serves as the Føderationen's representative to the Internationale in Paris, representing Denmark in their yearly congresses.§!
H.M. Lunding
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1899, in Stepping, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA military man, Lunding rose to the rank of Captain Lieutenant by the end of the Weltkrieg, after having served in the German army but a wound forced him to return home. An excellent rider, Lunding served within a dragoon regiment. Into the 1930's, Lunding was invited to the general staff's intelligence section and is skilled at working with German and Austrian officer circles.§!
Niels Bohr
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1885, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the greatest physicists on the planet, his fundamental treatises on the structure of atoms from 1913 have been ground-breaking and opened completely new perspectives for the development of nuclear physics. His father was the well known physiologist Christian Bohr, who had an interest in physics developed that interest into his son. Bohr published a prize thesis in physics, chose the subject of an experimental study of the surface tension of liquids using the JW Rayleigh theoretically treated liquid jet waves. Bohr studied in England, he first stayed for a time in Cambridge, where one of the great pioneers of electron theory of the time, JJ Thomson, worked. In combination with German theorist Max Planck, Bohr developed an atomic model in which he proposed that the energy levels of the electrons are separated and that the electrons rotate in stable orbits around the atomic nucleus , but can jump from one energy level (or orbit) to another.\n\nIn 1920, Bohr founded the University of Copenhagen's Institute for Theoretical Physics, but most who studied there called it the Niels Bohr Institute. This institute allowed Bohr to carry out his dreams of an international cooperation in science. In 1922, Niels Bohr received the Nobel Prize in Physics in recognition of his pioneering work. Many famous physicians visited the institute including Erwin Schrödinger and Werner Heisenberg, the latter of which served as Bohr's assistant for a time.§!
Asger Jorn
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1914, in Vejrum, Ringkøbing County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJorn's father died when he was young leading to his family moving to Silkeborg, where Jorn completed the rest of his education. He was inducted into politics at quite a young age by the famed syndicalist leader Christian Christensen, often serving as the father figure that he never had. Jorn studies art primarily and makes frequent visits to Paris to participate in the blooming art scene there, Jorn is a protege of the ageing Christensen and while not a high ranking member of Enhedspartiet, enjoys political debate and support within the party.§!
Thøger Thøgersen
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1885, in Viborg, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThøgersen's family was primarily supporters of Socialdemokratiet, and became leader of their youth wing in Viborg in 1902. The Weltkrieg marked Thørgensen's exit from the party due to conflict over the party's support for military grants. Thøgersen soon joined up with Christensen's FS, a growing syndicalist movement, and gained prominence as an agitator and public speaker. Thøgersen participated in the storm on the Børsen exchange in 1918 where he wound up arrested for 4 weeks. Alongside Marie Sophie-Nielsen, Thøgersen helped to found the Danish Socialist Worker's party which later merged into the DVSP.\n\nParty chairman shortly before Aksel Larsen's rise in the late 1920's, Thøgersen remains a vivid agitator and loyal member of DVSP, often the instigator of conflict and factionalism throughout Føderationen. Thøgersen holds close ties with Richard Jensen and shares his belief that the revolution in Denmark must be fought for.§!
Eigil Larsen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1903, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA shipbuilder during the Weltkrieg, Larsen joined Socialdemokratiet but quickly abandoned it in favour of joining the newly formed Kommunistisk Føderation. A strike agitator at Holmen, Larsen rose through the ranks utilising his organisational skills, noted for his discipline and accurate planning. A member of DVSP's central committee and Føderationen's head of intelligence, Larsen is both a critical and effective informant within the left who has organised several workers' actions through the unrest of the 1920's. His guidance assisted in keeping Føderationen together after the New Year's crisis of 1926 and subsequent distrust and suppression of their organisation. Larsen has ties across the spectrum, but especially to Richard Jensen and Børge Houmann which makes him popular across all branches of Føderationen.§!
Sigvald Hellberg
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1890, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHellberg learned typography in 1909 and was apprenticed; however, years later, he traveled abroad to further his education. He gained significant language skills while living in England and later participated in the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm. Returning to Denmark in 1913, Hellberg was a member of the Socialdemokratiet Ungdom (Young Social Democrats) throughout the Weltkrieg and became one of its leading members. During the closing years of the Weltkrieg, strife accumulated in the party's coalition which ultimately affected the SDU, nearly causing its collapse. Hellberg rallied to Socialdemokratiet's radicals including figurehead leader Frederik Borgbjerg, and formed RSDU (Radikale Socialdemokratiet Ungdom) as a separate organisation within the party. Should a crisis have arisen, Hellberg would have thrown his lot with the revolutionaries, but the king did not act after the New Year's Crisis of 1926, and so his position within the party remained stable.\n\nIn the years to come, Hellberg became a protégé of the ailing Radikale-Socialdemokratiet figurehead Borgbjerg, and has taken the reins due to complications with his health. Hellberg remains both an equally influential and divisive figure within Socialdemokratiet, and is a staunch supporter of a democratic socialist system within Denmark.§!
Mogens Fog
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1904, in Frederiksberg, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFog grew up in an environment dominated by the Student Unions of the 1890s, but had no interest in the unions during the 1920s. After graduating from high school in 1922, Fog, along with Munch-Petersen and Melchior, joined Føderationen. Fog participated in work for the organisation whle studying for his medical degree, remaining largely inactive while he focused on becoming a doctor. In 1932, Fog founded an association called Socialiste Lægers (Socialist Doctors) for socialist doctors concerned with social medical research. He staunchly opposes the right-wing plague advertised by the likes of Savinkov in Russia and Codreanu in Romania.§!
Alfred Jensen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1903, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Carsten Raft
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1895, in Frederiksberg, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Hans Fuglsang Damgaard
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1890, in Fuglsang, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Cay Lembcke
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1885, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Frederik Borgbjerg
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1866, in Boeslunde, Sorø County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Aage Hartz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1882, in Odense, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LConscripted in 1902, Hartz rose to the rank of First Lieutenant come 1907. During the Weltkrieg, Hartz joined the General Staff and on war's end was appointed Lieutenant Colonel and took charge of the 1st battalion stationed in Copenhagen. An infantry and garrison commander, Hartz is not only the chief of staff responsible for aiding in plans to defend Denmark should war come to its borders and chiefly for defensive efforts around the capital.§!
Christian Førslev
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1891, in Sneslev, Sorø County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA son of farmers, Førslev entered the Royal Military College in 1905 at the age of 14 and became First Lieutenant in the artillery corps in 1914. He completed an aviation technical course, as well as an engineering course in 1919. Førslev was scheduled to fly to France to receive additional training, but due to the catastrophic conditions in France towards the end of the Weltkrieg, Førslev was forced to remain at home. Instead, Førslev worked natively with the Danish Air Corps and helped to teach young flyers, as well as support Danish efforts towards establishing a proper home air defence force. In 1934, for his work in the army and air force, Førslev was promoted to the rank of Colonel.§!
Hans Oluf Hansen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1886, in Oreby, Maribo County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Asger Grandjean
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1889, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving become a cadet in 1905, Grandjean rose through the ranks over the decades, achieving Second Lieutenant in 1909 and First Lieutenant just a year later. During the Weltkrieg, Grandjean trained as an aviation pilot and soon grew talented enough to become Denmark's brand new naval air chief. During the 1920's, Grandjean worked to construct the Kastrup Airport, and has worked closely with military staff and especially the navy's aviation wing, but has also worked hard to secure civil aviation with his ingeneuity surrounding the issue of mailing. Entering the 1930's, Grandjean is chief of the navy's airforce, chief of a minesweeper, and chief of a fishery inspection ship in Iceland. His diverse talents have made him an invaluable asset to Denmark, and should Denmark heed his call, his promotion to Commander may be on the horizon.§!
Tage Andersen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1899, in Falslev, Randers County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Ebbe Gørtz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1886, in Helsingør, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of Weltkrieg army chief and lieutenant general, Vilhelm Gørtz, Ebbe Gørtz first became First Lieutenant in the infantry in 1907 and soon worked with the General Staff during the Weltkrieg. An excellent inspirer and innovator, Gørtz was sent to study in German military academies in the 1920's, and when he returned, he was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel. His work modernising the army and adapting techniques gained from the trip to Germany has earned him command of the 4th Regiment, as well as the position of head of the general staff's operative department.§!\n\n§YNotes: Carries a pronounced sense of duty, as well as loyalty to the government no matter who is in charge. He represents the traditional attitude of the Danish officer corps as a loyal tool for the government.§!
Carl Jacobsen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1878, in Fænøgård, Odense County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Erik Bille Brahe
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1883, in Fraugdegaard, Odense County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Frits Aage Hammer Kjølsen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1893, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Carl Hammerich
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1888, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Emmanuel Briand de Crèvecoeur
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1882, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Frederik Bangsbøll
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1894, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
William Prior
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1876, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA general and overall Commander in Chief of the Danish Army, Prior has followed a general military career path with focus on general staff work. He began his journey with his appointment to First Lieutenant in 1898. Prior is overall seen as unpopular by much of the government; his reliability within consistency and military competency is one thing, but Prior has been known to disagree with the elected government's control over the army. Denmark's defence policy and defence budget's decrease in the past decade have been solely due to the 'Socials' coalition of Socialdemokratiet and Radikale Venstre, and fears that should Denmark become involved in a war, it will have little to defend itself.§!
Hans Rolsted
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1884, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCommander of the Zealand Division, Rolsted became First Lieutenant of the artillery in 1905, and attended the University of Grenoble in France in the leadup to the Weltkrieg. He studied in the art of artillery warfare in France for much of the leadup to 1914, and returned to Denmark to teach at the Army Officers' School. During the past decade, Rolsted went abroad to Germany and Austria as a military attaché, serving for several years at a time until he achieved the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Rolsted has worked greatly with the Danish general staff in order to refit and modernise artillery efforts in Denmark, though the limited army budget has subverted many of his desires.§!\n\n§YNotes: Rolsted is an avid military writer, having written numerous treatises and military textbooks since the end of the Weltkrieg.§!
Erik Leschly
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1884, in Aarhus, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of Lieutenant-General Mauritz Leschly, Erik Leschly became First Lieutenant within the cavalry around the time his father was discharged from the military. In 1913, Leschly achieved the rank of a cavalry officer, and headed the 3rd Dragoon Regiment during the Weltkrieg. After visiting Germany on a military mission in the early 1920's, Leschly earned the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and was assigned the 5th Dragoon Regiment for the remainder of the 20's. In 1934, Leschly was appointed general inspector of the cavalry as well as commander.§!\n\n§YNotes: Board member of several riding associations, the Royal Danish Automobile Club, and chairman of the Road Sign Committee.§!
Erik With
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1869, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter a brief apprenticeship in the navy, With ascended quickly through the ranks after switching to the army, achieving First Lieutenant in 1892, Captain in 1908, and then Lieutenant Colonel in 1918. In the leadup to the Weltkrieg, With served as adjutant to the general inspector of the infantry, and became head of the intelligence section of the general staff. An emboldened nationalist, his promotions to Colonel in 1924 and then to Lieutenant General in 1931 came with severe risks, as he was a strongly anti-German. However, as the world settled around looming domination by the Kaiserreich, With found himself entrenched in the idea that Germany's victory in the Weltkrieg has also cemented their seemingly dominant control over Nordslesvig.\n\nMuch of the agitation around the issue fell upon the extremes, and With heralded himself as a force of the centre, boldly drafting plans for Denmark's defence should the hostile revolutions of the west fall upon Denmark. With has strong relations with Thorvald Stauning, and while much of Socialdemokratiet labels him as a 'half-crazed war man', Stauning has taken a liking to him for his ability to act boldly in difficult situations. With has passed numerous defence plans and budget adjustments to the cabinet, but with Peter Munch's desires coalescing within the so-called 'Pacifist Accord' emboldened, With has little budget to execute on his plans.§!\n\n§YNotes: Physically and spiritually resilient, With has taken an interest in sports, shooting, and gymnastics. He won a gold medal in 1923.§!
Prince Aage, Greve af Rosenberg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1887, in the Yellow Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrandson of King Christian IX, and son of Prince Valdemar, Aage was an adventurous child, having been raised freely with lenient parents. Aage joined the army in 1909 and was appointed Second Lieutenant in 1913, and during the Weltkrieg, Aage went abroad to observe fighting on various fronts. He spent a year in Italy, the United States, and France, though his trip was cut short due to the unrest and outright revolution ongoing, arriving back in Denmark and being appointed Captain in 1919. Aage earned the title 'Count of Rosenberg' due to his marriage in 1914, which made him inelligible for the throne.\n\nThe Farmer's Bank crash after the Weltkrieg was tumultuous, and led to Aage losing much of his money, which led to a joint Danish-French agreement and his appointment to the French Foreign Legion, despite the French Republic's exile to Africa. For the next decade, Aage served with honour and rose through the ranks, becoming a popular officer amongst the troops for his campaigns in Sub-Saharan Africa. Aage returned to Denmark after a decade's service in the Foreign Legion, integrating himself well back into the Danish army.§!\n\n§YNotes: In an incident where a sergeant had reportedly stolen Prince Aage's money, during his time in the Foreign Legion, the sergeant became so distraught with shame that he ended his own life, admitting to his guilt in a letter found near his body.§!
Frode Lund Hvalkof
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1893, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Paul Ramm
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1882, in Frederiksberg, Frederiksborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Hans Jørgen Christian Andersen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1900, in Odense, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Villy Fuglsang
§YBorn:§! §LApril 17th, 1909, in Radstrupgaard, Odense County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Svend Wagner
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1895, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Aage Helgesen Vedel
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1894, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1910, Vedel worked on the training ship Georg Stage, and later rose to the rank of First Lieutenant in the army and First Sea Lieutenant in the navy in 1917. Vedel served on several ships towards the end of the Weltkrieg, and became accustomed to Denmark's position navally in the North Atlantic during this time. During the 1920's, Vedel settled in to work as a teacher for the cadet school, and also taught the young princes Frederik and Knud, which led to their newfound friendship. He was also assigned to Denmark's then flagship, the Niels Juel, for cruises to South America. Entering the 1930's, Vedel has been hastily promoted to the position of deputy chief of the naval staff and holds considerable power over the navy due to his experience, but remains unpopular due to having bent to several cuts in the navy budget.§!
Hjalmar Rechnitzer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1872, in Aalborg, Ålborg County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Bitter King
Danish Lifeblood
Kommunard Vicevært
Konge-Admiral
Savinkov's Mouthpiece
Monarchist Officer
§LThis officer is loyal to the monarchy, and will resign should the country steer directions away from it.§!
