is an ally or subject
is owned by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is §Rnot§! owned by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is §Rnot§! controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is owned and controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is §Rnot§! owned and controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or our subject
is owned by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
is §Rnot§! owned by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
is controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
is §Rnot§! controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
is owned and controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
is §Rnot§! owned and controlled by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§! or an ally
Under Military Occupation
Is owned by §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§! and §Rnot§! a core or claimed state
Resistance to Annexation: $VALUE|=-%0$
Annexation Decisions
Having gained control of new swaths of land, we must now work out what to do with them. Maintaining the current occupation can be expensive and destabilising, but it would give us direct access to the riches of this new land. On the other hand, liberating friendly nations would certainly be cheaper, though our new allies may not be as reliable as we might think. Either way, the fate of nations rests in our hands.\n\n§CAll states that cannot be claimed or cored will have §R+40% resistance target§! so long as we continue to occupy them.§!
Install a syndicalist government in China.
Empower the Left Kuomintang.
Release the Reformed Government of China.
Restore the League of Eight Provinces.
Restore the Chinese Monarchy.
Release the Beiyang Republic.
Release the Right Kuomintang.
Release a Federalist China.
Take the port cities and restore the Fengtian Government!
Take the port cities and release the Reformed Government of China!
[FROM.GetAnnexationDecisionName]
[FROM.GetAnnexationDecisionDesc]
The Fate of Alsace-Lorraine
Since the capitulation of our last remaining enemies in Europe, our military administration has governed the territories of Alsace and Lorraine, long contested by Germany and France, with martial law. With peace comes expectations of change, however, and envoys from Strasbourg, often accompanied by imperious French ambassadors, have been seen in the hallways of power in [ROOT.Capital.GetName], hoping to pressure stressed bureaucrats into restoring the mostly German-speaking territory to France before anyone in our administration has time to sit down and fully consider the matter. Should we indulge their requests? Is Alsace once and for all German? Or should we give the Alsatians a few good years of [ROOT.GetAdjective] occupation before considering the matter properly, when the world situation best permits it?
The Fate of Luxembourg
For centuries, the Luxembourg Question troubled the great powers. After the Weltkrieg and twenty-five years of German rule, few of the Luxembourgish people have aspirations for independence, and in the era of syndicalism, close air support, and cryptologic decryption, any mention of the Salic Law has been met not so much with contempt as bafflement. The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg will not return to the map of Europe. However, there is also no need to return it to Germany. Luxembourg was part of both France and then Belgium little more than a century ago without complaint, and should a decision serve our foreign policy, there is little doubt that Luxembourg would cause no trouble this time either.
The Fate of the Rhineland
The beating heart of German industry, the foundation of the Prussian dominance of Germany, and the brutal stage for the Second Weltkrieg - the Rhineland is in some respects the place most responsible for the horrors of the twentieth century. Consequently, some advisors in our government have recommended detaching the Rhineland from Germany, and even imposing massive reparations to cripple the region. On the other hand, with the war so recently over, it is unlikely that Germany could threaten us again anytime soon, and they might be a far more capable ally and economic partner with, rather than without, the foundries of the Ruhr. Whatever we decide, it would be wise to do so quickly, for the longer we occupy the Rhineland, the more of our resources it will absorb rather than produce.
The Fate of North Germany
Before the Prussians dominated Europe, they subjugated Germany, and before they subjugated Germany, they started with the North German Federation. Now [Root.GetNameDef] has stripped even Northern Germany away, and it is up to [Root.GetNameDef] to determine what will become of the Lower Saxon lands. We could create a puppet state based in Hamburg or Brunswick, relocating the centre of German political life westward for the first time in centuries. Alternatively, we could decide to favour one of our other German allied states, possibly bolstering their legitimacy and power to reunite Germany themselves one day. Can we afford to take the chance? Or for the security of Europe, must our soldiers occupy North Germany for the foreseeable future?
The Fate of [782.GetName]
One of the first victims of Prussian imperialism was the Danish-speaking province of [782.GetName]. It was in the aftermath of the Second Schleswig War in the 1860s that Prussia was able to dominate Germany from a war that started around their base in the region, and although Denmark and Germany have been allies in the century since it has remained a sore point for the local population that they are ruled by foreigners. However, sometimes diplomatic and military necessity override obscure matters of linguistic history, and there is no doubt that the territory would be safer in the hands of a German ally than a Danish foe. Our military commander in the region is capably handling unrest, for now, but should we make a decision on the future of [782.GetName] and spare him the trouble?
The Fate of Prussia
Brandenburg was the centre of gravity of Prussia, and thus the Prussian-formed German Empire. For decades, Berlin has bustled with activity, mostly with the politicians and diplomats of the great powers but as of [GetYear] with the barked orders and shouts of soldiers, and, now, enforced quiet under [Root.GetAdjective] martial law. With the end of the former German state comes, almost inevitably, the beginning of a new.\n\nA German state based in Berlin would be a powerful contender for a reunification of Germany one day, so some in our government have proposed granting Brandenburg and Berlin to a German statelet based in a western city, so that Prussia can never rise again. Others point to the need for a strong Prussian ally to counter our enemies on their borders, and claim that with our military supremacy over Europe Prussia would never dream of challenging us again. No doubt, of course, the Prussians could appreciate the irony of a good, long \
The Fate of [776.GetName]
The state of [776.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [5.GetName]
The state of [5.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [86.GetName]
The state of [86.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [777.GetName]
The state of [777.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [188.GetName]
The state of [188.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [67.GetName]
The state of [67.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of South Germany
The entire South German region has been brought under our control. Currently, our armed forces are facing some opposition from the local populations. We could leave it up to local governments in the region to take care of any dissent.
The Fate of Poland
Once again, Poland is on the verge of being wiped off the map of Europe. Once a powerful player in European geopolitics, the three Partitions of Poland in the late eighteenth century annexed Poland-Lithuania to its three neighbours, and only the Germany victory against Russia in the First Weltkrieg restored it, albeit as a shell of its former self. With the capitulation of authorities in Warsaw to [ROOT.GetAdjective] troops, we now control the majority of the country, and accordingly its fate is in our hands. Should we grant Poland its liberty, at least within the bounds of the limited kingdom of the last century? Of course, once we have taken this step, there is nothing stopping us from imposing a government that favours our interests, or allowing this friendly government to realise Pan-Slavic dreams of a greater Poland. On the other hand, if our interests demand it, we can follow the example of so many powers before us and haul down the Polish red-and-white bicolour for good.
The Fate of [97.GetName]
The region around [97.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Estonia
Much of Estonia has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
[annexation_latvia_title]
[annexation_latvia_description]
The Fate of Latvia
Much of Latvia has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Baltic States
A large part of the Baltic States has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Lithuania
Lithuania has been brought under our leadership and our troops occupy the area. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Vilnius
The contested city of Vilnius has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Austria
Austria has been forced to capitulate and our troops are patrolling the streets of Vienna to prevent a rebellion or anything that could cause further instability. However, some have proposed that creating a local Austrian government would be more helpful.
The Fate of Bohemia
The ancient heartland of the Czechs has been conquered by our victorious forces. The venerable gem of the Vltava River, Prague, is occupied by our troops who parade smartly across Wenceslas Square. Should we prop up a Czech government loyal to the designs of our own state or maintain this splendid military occupation?
The Fate of [88.GetName]
[88.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [80.GetName]
[80.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Hungary
The Hungarian nation has been completely defeated. Our forces are policing the streets of Budapest and partisans are being detained all across the countryside, but should this state of affairs remain permanent? What should we do with the Hungarian lands?
The Fate of Slovakia
After a short campaign across the mountains of Slovakia, we have managed to shatter the defences of the country. Slovakia is now in our hands! We must now decide it's future.
The Fate of [73.GetName]
The small state of [73.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Transylvania
After a long campaign across Transylvania, we have managed to take control of the territory. The region is now in our hands! We must now decide its future.
The Fate of West Banat
The small region of West Banat is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Vojvodina
The small region of Vojvodina is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Burgenland
The region of Burgenland is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Croatia
We have taken control of the Croatian territories, and there is some degree of resistance among the locals. We must decide what to do with their lands.
The Fate of Dalmatia
Our troops have occupied the small region of Dalmatia, and we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Slovenia
Our troops have occupied the small region of Slovenia, and we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [736.GetName]
We have taken control of the formerly Austrian territories in the Margraviate of Istria. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [488.GetName]
We have taken control of the formerly Austrian port city of [488.GetName]. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Trentino
The southern portions of the former County of Tyrol are predominantly home to Italians. Now that we have taken control of the territory, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Switzerland
After fierce fighting in the Alpine Mountains, we have finally conquered Switzerland. The Swiss army has surrendered, and their territory is under our control. What should we do with the land we now control?
The Fate of Romandy
Now that the region of Romandy is under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ticino
Now that the region of Ticino is under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of France
The First French Empire fell to a continental coalition, the Second Empire and the Third Republic to German arms, and so too the new French Republic has fallen to the military of [Root.GetNameDef]. Their government has capitulated totally, and fled overseas. The war on the Continent is, for all intents and purposes, over. Again, therefore, the French nation lies defeated, ready for a regime change. With our military occupying practically the entire country, we have full control over the direction of that regime change. Should we establish a friendly government, backed by our military? The French people may have had their spirit finally broken by this last war, but there is no guarantee that we will not be fighting them again in twenty years. Perhaps it would be better to come to an agreement with the government-in-exile, whose envoys have been clamouring for a handover arrangement ever since the fall of Paris.
The Fate of Brittany
The peninsula of Brittany has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [17.GetName]
The [17.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
[annexation_britain_title]
[annexation_britain_description]
The Fate of Britain
After defeating the Union of Britain we now control Great Britain. We can partition these lands and create new countries with loyal governments or create a united Great Britain.
After defeating the Union of Britain we now control Great Britain. While the obvious choice would be put to recreate our own Britain, some members of the High Command have proposed crippling Britain by partitioning it into smaller constituent states. Of course, we could also just occupy the entire island.
The Fate of England
We have gained control of London, and therefore the heart of England. We must now decide what to do with the British territory.
The Fate of Scotland
Scotland has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Wales
Wales has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ireland
[annexation_ireland_description]
We have secured the island of Ireland. The fate of the Irish nation lies in our hands now.
Control over Ireland has always been tricky for the British government. There are many long years of resentment built up between our peoples, and we learned long ago that attempting to govern the Irish brings us little joy. Still, the times have changed. Do we rule Ireland directly, or return to the idea of Home Rule that we'd agreed to after the last War of Independence?
Our men march through Dublin, and the Irish Republican Army has shattered in the face of our armed forces. In the meantime, we must decide on the future of Ireland. Some argue that Ireland should be annexed into the Union of Britain, while others argue that this would be an act of imperialism unbecoming of socialist nation, and that doing so would not be supported by the Irish people, bringing us into a bloody guerrilla war.
The Fate of the Netherlands
After a short campaign across the marshes and the urban centres of the Netherlands, we have managed to take down the proud nation. The Netherlands are now in our hands! We must now decide on its future.
The Fate of Flanders
We now control the Dutch-speaking province of Flanders that once belonged to Belgium and Flanders-Wallonia. We must choose what to do with our new piece of Belgium.
The Fate of Wallonia
We now control the French-speaking province of Wallonia that once belonged to Belgium and Flanders-Wallonia. We must choose what to do with our new piece of Belgium.
The Fate of Denmark
After a short campaign across the numerous islands of Denmark and the capture of its capital, we have managed to take down the country. Copenhagen is now in our hands! The status of the Atlantic islands of Denmark is a particularly interesting case to deal with but we'll anyway have to decide on the future of Denmark.
The Fate of Iceland
A campaign in the Northern Atlantic has paid off: Iceland has fallen in our hands and the question now is what we should do with this barren island in the northern Atlantic?
The Fate of Greenland
A campaign in the Northern Atlantic has paid off. Greenland has fallen into our hands, and the question now is what we should do with this barren island in the northern Atlantic?
The Fate of Norway
The Norwegian Army has surrendered, and the Norwegian government has fully surrendered. Our flag waves over the former capitol building in Oslo as our military campaign comes to an end. Now we must begin a campaign to destroy the Norwegian partisans, but perhaps enlisting Norwegian sympathisers to form a government would aid us?
The Fate of Sweden
Today, the Swedish Chief of Army has announced the surrender of the Army. Supplies and equipment were captured after the surrender and have been shipped back to our country. Total victory has been achieved, but what we should do with Sweden is an open question.
The Fate of Åland
With the Baltic island of Åland now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Finland
The Finnish soldiers have been defeated and our army is marching through Helsinki. Now we must deal with the question of how best to administer the Finns.
The Fate of Karelia
The Karelian peninsula has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ukraine
After a long fight with the Breadbasket of Europe, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Ukrainian Army to surrender. Kiev is now in our hands!
The Fate of Brest
The contested city of Brest-Litovsk has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Polesia
The quiet region of Polesia has been brought under our control as our troops occupy it. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Belarus
After a short campaign across Belarus, we have managed to shatter the defences of Minsk. We must now decide on the future of this country.
The Fate of Eastern Belarus
The formerly Russian-held region of Eastern Belarus is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Russia
After a long fight with the Russian state, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Russian armed forces to surrender. Moscow is now in our hands and the fate of the Russian nation with it!
The Fate of [880.GetName]
The state of [880.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Albania
After a campaign across the Albanian countryside, our enemies in Tirana have finally capitulated, leaving us with control of their country. Our position in the Adriatic has been cemented, but we must now decide what to do with Albania.
The Fate of Montenegro
Montenegro is now firmly held in our hands after our occupation of the area, yet we can't stay in inhospitable Montenegro forever. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Bosnia
The divided state of Bosnia is now under our occupation after our invasion of its territory. Our troops are parading in Sarajevo and we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Kosovo
The small state of Kosovo is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Serbia
The Serbian state has been effectively eliminated and their army has completely capitulated to our forces. With our troops now parading in Belgrade, the time has come to decide what we must do with these lands.
The Fate of [767.GetName]
The [767.GetName] region has been long contested by Serbia and Bulgaria. What should we do with the region?
The Fate of [841.GetName]
The coastal region of [841.GetName] is now under our control, and we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Macedonia
The small state of Macedonia is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Romania
The Romanian forces have finally capitulated to our superior might. The time has come to decide what to do with their lands.
The Fate of Bulgaria
After a long fight with the Bulgarians, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Bulgarian Army to surrender. Sofia is now in our hands! What should we do with their lands?
The Fate of Constantinople
After our successful campaign in Constantinople, we now have the task to establish a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, there are several options for our choice.
The Fate of Greece
The Greek Peninsula has been secured and the entire Greek army has capitulated. The fate of the entire Greek nation lies in our hands...
The Fate of [989.GetName]
After our occupation of the area around Southern Macedonia, we were left with a dilemma concerning who should administrate the land.
The Fate of Northern Epirus
The small state of Northern Epirus is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Cyprus
Our armies have managed to take control of Cyprus, and the island itself is now occupied by us. We have a few options in front of us, now. Given its key position in the Mediterranean, which is crucial for retaining our control of the region, we can either turn the island into our client state, or seize it for ourselves. What shall we do?
The Fate of Spain
Spain, formerly an empire spanning across the globe, has fallen to our armies. For over a century, the country has been a war-torn nation; it has experienced a devastating civil war in recent memory, a gruelling battle to secure the Rif in the 1920s, a humiliating defeat to the USA in 1898, three Carlist Wars, not to mention the consequences of the Napoleonic Wars.\n\nSpanish society and its economy have long been held back, whether it be the result of domestic or foreign reasons. With our government having the responsibility of deciding what to do with Spain, we should tread carefully should we wish to not repeat the mistakes of the past. If Spain is to properly recover, it must be brought into the modern age, both socially and economically.
Carlists
Alfonsists
The Fate of Galicia
The Galician language showed clear signs of developing from Latin from the 12th century onwards. For a couple centuries it was close to Portuguese, before the two started to diverge by the 15th century. Between the 16th and 19th centuries it was a dark age for the Galician language and culture; Galician started to be replaced with Spanish in writing and used mostly orally. However, a resurgence began in the 19th century to bring the culture and the language official status, resulting in calls for autonomy in an attempt to reverse increased centralisation. A nationalist movement developed in the 1910s and 1920s, though it was ultimately insignificant. In recent years, an autonomist movement gained some traction during this time, albeit unable to achieve anything under Primo de Rivera's reign.\n\nWith our occupation of Galicia, we have been left with a couple options of what should be done with the territory.
The Fate of Gibraltar
Gibraltar, gateway to the Mediterranean and a major naval base, is now under our possession. For centuries it has been prised for its defensive landmark, the \
The Fate of the Basque Country
The Basque people, said to date back at least as early as Roman times, have long resisted assimilation for millennia. The Spanish parts consist of Álava, Biscay, Gipuzkoa and Navarre. A nationalist movement arose in the 19th century dissatisfied with the stripping of much of the region's autonomy, in particular the abolition of the \
The Fate of Catalonia
Catalan, a Romance language first said to have developed when the region was part of the Roman Empire, has been widely spoken for centuries in the regions of Catalonia, Valencia and the Balearic Islands. Under the Crown of Aragon between 1137 and 1516, the Catalan culture flourished and distinct institutions developed. With the union of the Crowns of Castile and Aragon from 1516 onwards, Catalonia enjoyed a degree of autonomy it held previously for a time, though it gradually started to be stripped away from increased centralisation in the next few centuries. The Nueva Planta decrees of the early 18th century abolished the Crown of Aragon, including the old laws and institutions that had developed previously.\n\nWith the seeds of industrialisation and a cultural revival in the 19th century, Catalan nationalism started to take root seeking to at least federalise the region. The Commonwealth of Catalonia was established in 1914, which resulted in the submission of a Statute of Autonomy in 1919, that ultimately failed with the ascent of Miguel Primo de Rivera.\n\n[annexation_catalonia_description]. With that all said and done, Catalonia's future must be decided.
With us occupying Catalan lands outside of Catalonia proper, our options of what to do with the region are more varied, with some proposing the establishment of a Greater Catalonia encompassing all Catalan speakers
With us occupying only Catalonia proper, our options of what to do with the region are more limited
Greater Catalonia
Catalonia Proper
The Fate of Portugal
The government in Lisbon has finally been forced into the sea, but we are left with the fate of the Portuguese people to decide. Do we release them as their own nation following our rightly guided principles?
A new government will be organised in the Portuguese mainland.
The Fate of Corsica
The island of Corsica is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Aosta Valley
With the Aosta Valley region under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Piedmont
Our armies have taken control of the Piedmont region, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Lombardy
Our armies have taken control of Lombardy, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Venice
Our armies have taken control of Venice, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Emilia
Our armies have taken control of Emilia, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Tuscany
Our armies have taken control of Tuscany, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Central Italy
Our armies have taken control of Central Italy, the portion which was once under the control of the Papal States, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Rome
With our troops in control of the eternal city and the surrounding territories, the question of the administration of the area was raised. While creating an Italian government could give us a voice on the peninsula, the restoration of the Papal States is demanded by the Holy See and the higher clergy.
The Fate of Southern Italy
Our armies have taken control of Southern Italy, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region, as it would be difficult and expensive to hold otherwise.
The Fate of Sardinia
The island fortressed by the king in exile proved to be a tough fight but it is now in our hands. What should we do with the territory?
The Fate of Malta
Malta has been brought under our leadership and our troops occupy the island. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [741.GetName]
The Belgian border region of Verviers is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [924.GetName]
Formerly a Duchy of the Austrian Crown, [924.GetName] is home to Poles, Czechs and Germans alike. Now, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Danubian Plain
Formerly part of the Kingdom of Hungary, the Danubian Plain is home to Slovaks, Germans and Hungarians alike. Now, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [94.GetName]
The region around [94.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [241.GetName]
The region around [241.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [683.GetName]
We have taken control of the formerly Austrian territories of Gorizia and Gradisca. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [103.GetName]
We have taken control of the formerly Austrian port city of [103.GetName]. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1090.GetName]
Formerly part of the Kingdom of Hungary, the city of [1090.GetName] is home to Slovaks, Germans and Hungarians alike. Now, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [817.GetName]
The region of [817.GetName] has been occupied by our forces. Once under the Crown of Aragon, the region formally joined Spain in 1516 when the Crowns of Aragon and Castile were united. However, following the Treaty of the Pyrenees in 1659, which concluded the Franco-Spanish War, it was ceded to the French Crown and had been under French sovereignty ever since then.\n\nThe region has long held a significant Catalan-speaking population within its borders. Ever since the start of the 18th century, the Catalans and their language have been largely suppressed, with some nationalist voices calling for Catalan representation in the region. This leaves us with a couple of options of what to do with this contested territory.
The Fate of [1088.GetName]
The region of [1088.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [779.GetName]
The region of [779.GetName], home to a Basque community, has fallen under our control. Fully incorporated into France since at least the 15th century, the Basque people enjoyed significant autonomy till the French Revolution in the late 18th century abolished it. Since then, recognition of the Basques in the region has been limited, especially since they are a minority in the region. Some nationalist movements in the Spanish Basque Country have sprung up hoping to make the region part of an independent Basque Country. This offers us many choices of how we could approach this.
The Fate of Saxony
Much of Saxony has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [58.GetName]
The region of [58.GetName] is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Kuban
The Kuban Steppe is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the North Caucasus
The North Caucasus is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Savoy
The region of Savoy is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [762.GetName]
The city of [762.GetName] and its hinterlands are now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [794.GetName]
The borderlands of [794.GetName] are now under our control, we must decide what to do with them.
The Fate of the Karavanks
The mountainous borderlands between Austria and Slovenia around the Karavanks peaks are now under our control, we must decide what to do with them.
The Fate of [772.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [772.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [731.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [731.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [184.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [184.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1109.GetName]
We have taken control of the small border region of [1109.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [980.GetName]
We have taken control of the [980.GetName] metropolitan area and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [29.GetName]
We have taken control of the small port city of [29.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [978.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [978.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [979.GetName]
We have taken control of the estuary of the Scheldt and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Northern England
Northern England has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Bessarabia
Bessarabia has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [769.GetName]
[769.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1089.GetName]
[1089.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [713.GetName]
[713.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [91.GetName]
[91.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [89.GetName]
[89.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [39.GetName]
[39.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [77.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [77.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [341.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [341.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [119.GetName]
We have taken control of the region of [119.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [942.GetName]
We have taken control of the mountainous region of [942.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1124.GetName]
We have taken control of the [1124.GetName] and must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the United States of America
Now that the war is over, we must decide what to do with our occupied land in America.
The Fate of Alaska
The region of Alaska is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of New England
The region of New England is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Canada
Finally, the corrupt Dominion of Canada—seat of the British exiles—has capitulated to our glorious armies. Reports say the king and his close circle fled the country, but this is of little concern now. We now have control over these large portions of land; what should we do with them?
The Fate of Mexico
After a long campaign across Mexico, we have finally managed to shatter their defences. Mexico City is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of their country.
The Fate of Guatemala
The Guatemalan state has been forced to capitulate, and our troops are parading in the capital of Guatemala. What should we do with the remnants of their state?
The Fate of El Salvador
El Salvador has been annexed by our proud armies and our troops are parading in San Salvador. How should the administration be set up?
The Fate of Honduras
Our armies have put down the Honduran government and are patrolling the capital in Tegucigalpa. Which sort of government should be put in place instead?
The Fate of Nicaragua
With Managua in our hands, we now control Nicaragua and are able to decide what to do with these lands.
The Fate of Costa Rica
Our glorious army corps marched through the land and now occupy the capital of the former Costa Rican government. We, however, cannot have this situation last for long; what should we do with the land?
The Fate of Panamá
After a rapid campaign around the Panamá Canal, we have finally managed to shatter the Panamanian defences. Panamá City is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Panamá.
The Fate of Cuba
[annexation_cuba_description]
After a short campaign across the island of Cuba, we have finally managed to shatter the Cuban defences. Havana is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Cuba.
We have taken control over Cuba and secured American hegemony throughout the Caribbean. What should we do with the 'liberated' island?
The Fate of Haiti
After a short campaign on the island of Hispaniola, we have finally managed to shatter the Haitian defences. Port-au-Prince is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Haiti.
The Fate of the Dominican Republic
After a short campaign on the island of Hispaniola, we have finally managed to shatter the Dominican defences. Santo Domingo is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of the Dominican Republic.
The Fate of Puerto Rico
Following a brief campaign, San Juan is under our control, and with it all of Puerto Rico. What should be done with the island?
The Fate of the British Caribbean
After a long campaign, the islands comprising the British Caribbean are now under our control. We must decide what to do with its many scattered islands.
The Fate of Jamaica
Following a brief campaign, Kingston is under our control, and with it all of Jamaica. What should be done with the island?
The Fate of [695.GetName]
The island of [695.GetName] and its dependencies has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Trinidad
Following a brief campaign, Port of Spain is under our control, and with it all of Trinidad. What should be done with the island?
The Fate of Bolivia
After a campaign through the jungles and deserts of Bolivia, we have finally managed to reach the gates to the Andes. La Paz is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Bolivia.
The Fate of Peru
After a campaign across the hostile Peruvian Andes, we have finally managed to shatter the Peruvian defences. Lima is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Peru.
The Fate of [490.GetName]
The tiny region of [490.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ecuador
[annexation_ecuador_description]
Quito has fallen, and Ecuador is no more. However, not all of the country is under the control of its invaders - we have the option of restoring its government in the Galapagos Islands... if we so choose.
After a campaign across Ecuador, we have finally managed to shatter the Ecuadorian defences. Quito is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Ecuador.
The Fate of Colombia
After a campaign across Colombia, we have finally managed to shatter the Colombian defences. Bogotá is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Colombia.
The Fate of Venezuela
After a campaign across Venezuela, we have finally managed to shatter the Venezuelan defences. Caracas is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Venezuela.
The Fate of Guyana
Following a brief campaign, Georgetown is under our control, and with it all of Guyana. What should be done with the territory?
The Fate of Dutch Guyana
Following a brief campaign, the main populated areas in Dutch Guyana or Suriname, as it is also known, have fallen into our hands. This has opened up a question, however: should we establish a new nation in these undeveloped lands, or is it the colony in the Americas that we always wanted?
The Fate of the Amazon Basin
Our armed forces have won a great victory, and all the major cities and forts across the vast rivers of the Amazon Basin have fallen under our control, across several Brazilian states and territories. We must now decide what will be the future of these lands.
The Fate of the Brazilian Hinterland
The vast lands of the Brazilian interior are under our control, as the scattered population centres of these states could do little to counter our invading forces. We must now decide what will be the future of this region.
The Fate of Northeastern Brazil
The birthplace of Brazil, its north-east, has once again fallen to invading forces for the first time since the 17th century. Our forces now garrison the dozen or so state capitals; we must decide what will be the future of this region.
The Fate of Bahia
As the fighting dies down, and only scattered resistance in the dry interior remains, our forces have gained full control of the state of Bahia. We must now decide what will be the future of this state.
The Fate of Southeast Brazil
As resistance across the Atlantic Forest dies down, Rio de Janeiro, the capital of Brazil since 1808, and all other cities in the region are now firmly under our control. We must now decide what will be the future of this region.
The Fate of São Paulo
After fierce fighting, we have São Paulo, the wealthiest and most populous state in Brazil, completely under our control. We must now decide what will be the future of this state.
The Fate of the Brazilian Borderlands
The historically rebellion-prone first line of defence of Brazil, the three southernmost states, are now under our complete strategic control. We must now decide what will be the future of these three states.
The Fate of Acre
The tiny region of Acre has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1043.GetName]
The tiny region of [1043.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1041.GetName]
The tiny region of [1041.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Paraguay
Our armies have finally taken control of the Paraguayan capital and occupy the territory of the former state of Paraguay. We should now decide how to set up a competent administration in the area.
The Fate of [688.GetName]
The [688.GetName] region has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [901.GetName]
The [901.GetName] region has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1074.GetName]
The small region of [1074.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Uruguay
After a long campaign in Uruguay, we have finally managed to shatter their defences. We must now decide on the future of Uruguay.
The Fate of Argentina
After the conquest of the vast nation of Argentina we have to organise competent administrations to keep the territory under control. Now we will need to decide on the fate of the region.
The Fate of Chile
After a long campaign across the hostile Chilean Andes, we have finally managed to shatter the Chilean defences. Santiago is now in our hands! We must now decide on the future of Chile.
The Fate of [506.GetName]
The region of [506.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Essequibo
The contested region of Essequibo has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [854.GetName]
The contested region of [854.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the French Caribbean
The islands of the French Caribbean have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1077.GetName]
The island of [1077.GetName] has been brought under our control, alongside Saba and Sint Eustatius, as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of East Guyana
The formerly French colony of East Guyana has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [311.GetName]
The formerly British colony of [311.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Yucatán
The Yucatán Peninsula has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Panama Canal
The crucial crossing of the Panama Canal is now under our control. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Tierra del Fuego
The remote island of Tierra del Fuego is now under our control. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The remote [FROM.FROM.GetName], disputed between Argentina and Britain, are now under our control. We must decide what to do with it.
$annexation_falklands$
$annexation_falklands_desc$
$annexation_falklands$
$annexation_falklands_desc$
The Fate of [873.GetName]
The region of [873.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [872.GetName]
The region of [872.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1027.GetName]
The region of [1027.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Kazakhstan
Kazakhstan has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Turkestan
Turkestan has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Bukhara
Bukhara has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Khiva
Khiva has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Afghanistan
After a hard-fought campaign through the high country, our advance has driven the Afghan Army to break and scatter into the mountains. Kabul and the principal lines of communication are now in our hands, yet the hinterland is stirring against us. Should we attempt to hold the country, we may find ourselves drawn in a long and trying contest, as many powers before us have discovered.
The Fate of Siberia
With [570.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] in our hands, we now control Siberia and are able to decide what to do with these lands.
The Fate of the Russian Far East
Our armies have managed to take control of the Russian Far East, and it is now occupied by us. We have a few options now. We can either create a loyal client state in the region, or take it for ourselves, seeing as it possesses a key strategic position in East Asia. What shall we do?
The Fate of China
After a long and hard-fought campaign in the vast expanses of China we've finally achieved a historic victory. Now that we've won the war, we must decide how to best secure the peace. This is no easy feat, given that the Chinese have been plagued by civil war and warlordism for the last few decades and rival governments have largely been unable to assert their authority over the provinces. Many competing factions and ideologies have come and gone over the years, each promising to address China's leading issues but often struggling to achieve traction out of their respective heartlands. How should we go about managing the Chinese lands we've conquered?
The Fate of Tibet
After our successful campaign in the Tibetan Plateau we now have the task to establish a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace. Tibet has long been under the rule of the nominal rule of the Dalai Lama, the foremost spiritual leader of the dominant school of Tibetan Buddhism. In practice however, the monasteries have exerted great power over the land, which has been challenged by both reformist and revolutionary groups. Tibetan stability has further been rocked by war with their neighbors. It is up to us now to create a lasting peace for the region.
The Fate of Xinjiang
Xinjiang translates to “New Frontier”, and has gone by many names over the years. Chinese control over the region dates back to the Han dynasty, which established outposts to guard the valuable Silk Road trade. Chinese control over the region has been challenged however by local uprisings, including one staged by loyalists to the Kumul Khanate in the north and Uyghur rebels to the south seeking an independent East Turkestan. After our successful campaign in Xinjiang we now have the task to establish a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, there are several options for our choice.
The Fate of Mongolia
After our successful campaign in the steppes of Mongolia, we now have the task to establish a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace. This is no easy task, especially since there is only one permanent city in Mongolia and the vast majority of the locals live semi-nomadic lifestyles. Mongolia has been ruled by Roman von Ungern-Sternberg, who expelled Chinese troops from the region, aiding Bogd Khan in declaring independence. His rule however was undermined by resistance by the local aristocracy and clergy, as well as leftist revolutionaries along with tensions with the neighboring Hui Ma Clans. Ultimately however, we have prevailed and the choice for Mongolia's future rests in our hands.
The Fate of [329.GetName]
The state of [329.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Manchuria
After our successful campaign in Manchuria we now have the task to establish a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace. Manchuria, also known as Dongbei (the Northeast) in Chinese, is a region rich in natural resources as well as industry. Named after the Manchu tribes that once ruled the area, their conquest of China and the later opening of the region to Han immigration has ironically caused ethnic Manchus to become a minority and many have since assimilated. In the aftermath of the Xinhai Revolution, the Fengtian Clique backed by Japan utilized the region as their home base in their efforts to unite China under their banner. Today however, the land is ours to govern and we have several options for how to proceed.
The Fate of Shanghai
The great Chinese port city of Shanghai, formerly under the formal authority of the International Mandate for the Chinese Concessions, is now under our control. We must now decide whether to restore them to the rule of the Legation Council, with ourselves as a member, to hand the cities over to China, or keep them for ourselves.
The Fate of Korea
After the final liberation of the proud nation of Korea we were left with the responsibility of organising the administration of the newly conquered territories, what shall we do?
The Fate of Japan
After our successful campaign on the Japanese islands we now have the task to establish new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, there are several options for our choice...
The Fate of Sakhalin
Sakhalin has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Taiwan
The island of Taiwan has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. The island, also known as Formosa, has undergone several waves of immigration and masters over the centuries. The Qing dynasty, which conquered it from Ming loyalists in the 17th Century, were forced to hand over the islands to the ascendant Japanese Empire after the First Sino-Japanese War. The Japanese have worked to integrate the island, however they have also met resistance by various local parties who have sought either reintegration into China or local autonomy. It is up to us now to determine its future.
The Fate of Siam
We have taken control over the Thai state and secured our dominance on the upper part of the Malay Peninsula. Now the pressing issue for our government is figuring out what we should do with the newly 'liberated' Thai provinces.
The Fate of Vietnam
Our armies have taken control of Annam, and the local Vietnamese are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region.
The Fate of Laos
Our armies have taken control of Laos, and the locals are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region.
The Fate of Cambodia
Our armies have taken control of Phnom Penh, and the local Cambodians are clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region.
The Fate of the Philippines
Our armies have managed to take control of the Philippines, and the archipelago is now occupied by us. Should we organise a puppet government?
The Fate of Indonesia
Our armies have managed to take control of Indonesia, and the islands themselves are now occupied by us. We have a few options now. We can either puppet the island or take it for ourselves, seeing as it possesses a key position in South East Asia and has many strategically valuable resources. What shall we do?
The Fate of Papua
Papua has been brought under our leadership and our troops occupy the island. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Malaya
With the heartlands of the Malay peninsula now firmly under our control, a decision must be reached as to the territory's future. These lands, once protectorates of both the British and German Empires, have long been internally divided in governance, despite a shared history and identity. It is now left up to us how the future governance of these many assorted states shall be handled.
The Fate of North Borneo
The lands of northern Borneo have been brought under our control, including those that have historically belonged to the White Rajahs of Sarawak and the Sultans of Brunei. When the British Empire collapsed, these historical British protectorates shifted their loyalties to Germany, under whom little effectively changed, but we are now presented with an opportunity to reshape the region's future towards our interests.
The Fate of Central India
Central India has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Maharashtra
The Bombay region has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Gujarat
Gujarat has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Rajputana
Rajputana has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of East Punjab
East Punjab has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Kashmir
Kashmir has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Sikkim
Tiny, rural Sikkim has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Assam
Assam has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Bengal
Bengal has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Orissa
Orissa has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Chhattisgarh
Chhattisgarh state has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Vizagapatnam
The coastal strip of Vizagapatnam has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Hyderabad
Hyderabad has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Andhra
Andhra has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Madras
Madras has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Mysore
Mysore has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Punjab
Punjab has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Baluchistan
Baluchistan has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Quetta
Quetta has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Peshawar
Peshawar has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Sind
Sind has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Nepal
After our successful campaign in the Himalayas, we now have the task of establishing a new local administrative authority in order to restore peace in Kathmandu. What shall we do?
The Fate of Bhutan
After our successful campaign in the Himalayas, we now have the task of establishing new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, we have several options for our choice...
The Fate of Burma
Our troops are marching through Rangoon while the Burmese leadership is either in exile or in prison. What shall be done with these lands?
The Fate of Kachin
The rural Kachin region is now firmly under our control. What should be done with this wild land?
The Fate of the Shan Hills
The Shan Hills have long been a thorn in the side of those who have sought to control them. As our armies march through their towns and cities, however, it is clear that the Shan areas have at last been fully subjugated. What should be done with these newly acquired lands?
The Fate of Ceylon
We have driven the Germans from the island of Ceylon and secured the capital of Colombo. Now, however, we need to determine what to do with this strategic island.
[annexation_australia_title]
[annexation_australia_description]
The Fate of Australasia
The Fate of Australia
The Australasian government has been defeated and is currently under our control. The question before us is whether to restore its independence under the control of the loyalist Australasian Guard -- despite their extremist tendencies -- and hope they are able to maintain order, or whether we should enact the Emergency Protocols once again and assume direct rule through our Governor-General.
After a hard campaign throughout the isolated islands of the Australasian Confederation, our armies finally reached Canberra, and with the capitulation of Australasia, we must decide how we want to manage it.
After a hard campaign throughout the isolated islands of Australia, our armies finally reached Canberra, and with the capitulation of Australia, we must decide how we want to manage it.
The Fate of New Zealand
The islands of New Zealand have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Hawaii
The islands of Hawaii have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [826.GetName]
The territory of [826.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [831.GetName]
The territory of [831.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [749.GetName]
The territory of [749.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [882.GetName]
The territory of [882.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [825.GetName]
The territory of [825.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The territory of [FROM.FROM.GetName] in the northern parts of the Malay peninsula has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. Long a source of dispute between the Malay Sultanates and Siam, the future status of the region is one that only we can now decide upon.
$annexation_northern_malaya$
$annexation_northern_malaya_desc$
$annexation_northern_malaya$
$annexation_northern_malaya_desc$
$annexation_northern_malaya$
$annexation_northern_malaya_desc$
The Fate of Singapore
The great city of Singapore, the former entrepôt of Britain and administrative capital of Germany's eastern territories, has fallen under the control of our troops. While sparsely inhabited by native Malays prior to British rule, it would soon explode in size, with a majority of the population now descended from Chinese immigrants to the island. Its valuable position on the Singapore Strait has led to its nickname as the Gibraltar of the East, and such value must be kept in mind when deciding the island state's future.
The Fate of [721.GetName]
The former Portuguese colony of [721.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [858.GetName]
The border region of [858.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
[FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
$annexation_pacific_islands$
$annexation_pacific_islands_desc$
The Fate of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
The Andaman and Nicobar archipelagos have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [897.GetName]
The border region of [897.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The territory of [FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
$annexation_legation_ports$
$annexation_legation_ports_desc$
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The territory of [FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_inner_mongolia$
$annexation_inner_mongolia_desc$
$annexation_inner_mongolia$
$annexation_inner_mongolia_desc$
$annexation_inner_mongolia$
$annexation_inner_mongolia_desc$
$annexation_inner_mongolia$
$annexation_inner_mongolia_desc$
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The territory of [FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands$
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands_desc$
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands$
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands_desc$
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands$
$annexation_tibetan_borderlands_desc$
The Fate of Travancore
Travancore has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
The territory of [FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_indian_treaty_ports$
$annexation_indian_treaty_ports_desc$
$annexation_indian_treaty_ports$
$annexation_indian_treaty_ports_desc$
The Fate of [814.GetName]
[814.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [887.GetName]
[887.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1111.GetName]
[1111.GetName] was previously administered by Qing China until the Pianma/Hpimaw Incident in the 1910s when local Tusi leaders switched their allegiances to the British and became part of Burma ever since. Now that the area has been brought under our control. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1042.GetName]
[1042.GetName] was administered in a contentious between Russia, China, and Afghanistan ever since 1864 with the signing of the unequal Tacheng Boundary Treaty. Stipulating the border between Russia and China extending to the Pamir Mountains and bounded by Kokand, it did not specify the boundary of Badakhshan, this was further muddled by the signing of another unequal treaty, the Sino-Russian Ili Treaty which stipulated that the Sino-Russian border \
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
[FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Grey Wedge
The \
The Fate of the Malabar Coast
The Malabar Coast has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Levant
We have conquered the wealthy lands of the Levant, including the grand and ancient city of Damascus. What are we to do with these old Ottoman provinces?
The Fate of Lebanon
The city of Beirut has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Anatolia
We have destroyed the last remnants of the Turkish state and finally put the 'sick man of Europe' in his grave. Our troops now patrol the streets of Ankara, yet we cannot remain as occupiers forever. A decision will have to be made in regards to the future government of the Turkish people.
The Fate of the Aegean Coast
The Aegean Coast has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Egypt
The Nile Valley has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Suez Canal
The crucial crossing of Suez, gateway to the Indian Ocean, is now under our control. We must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Sinai
The Sinai Peninsula, wherein the Abrahamic tradition, Moses supposedly met God Himself, is located on the edge of the vital Suez Canal and occupies an important strategic position. With the peninsula now under our control, what should be done with it?
[annexation_libya_title]
[annexation_libya_description]
The Fate of Libya
Although the Libyans put up a respectable fight, we have launched a full offensive and forced them to surrender. Tripoli is now in our hands, but what should we do with the old Ottoman lands of Cyrenaica, Tripolitania, and Fezzan?
The Fate of Cyrenaica
The region of Cyrenaica is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Tripolitania
The region of Tripolitania is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Georgia
Our armed forces have defeated the Georgian regime and are now triumphantly marching through the streets of Tbilisi. Now the only thing that remains to do is to determine the status of the Georgian territory...
The Fate of Azerbaijan
After fierce fighting in the Caucasus, we have conquered and annexed Azerbaijan. The Azerbaijani army has surrendered, and their territory is under our control, but the people are still resistant. What should we do with our newly conquered lands?
The Fate of Karabakh
The highlands of Karabakh have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Armenia
After fierce fighting in the Caucasus, we have conquered and annexed Armenia. The Armenian army has surrendered, and the territory is under our control; the people are still resistant, though they will soon submit.
The Fate of [1000.GetName]
The tiny region of [1000.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [1001.GetName]
The tiny region of [1001.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Arabia
After a long fight with the Arabs, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Arabian Army to surrender. The fate of the Arabs in this land is now in our hands!
The Fate of the Trucial States
The coastal Arabian emirates collectively known as the Trucial States are now under our control, we must decide what to do with this land.
The Fate of Hejaz
The Hejaz region, the birthplace of Islam, is now fully under our control. What should we do with these new lands?
The Fate of Iraq
We have conquered the fertile lands of Iraq including the grand and ancient city of Baghdad. What are we to do with these old Ottoman provinces?
The Fate of Kurdistan
Our armies have taken control of the northern part of the Levant, and the local Kurdish population is clamouring for self-government. We should decide what's to be done with the region.
The Fate of Persia
After a long fight across the mountainous plateau, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Persian Army to surrender. [266.GetName] is now in our hands!
The Fate of Muscat
After a long fight at the edge of Arabian peninsula, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Omani Army to surrender. Muscat is now in our hands, as is the fate of the Emirate.
The Fate of Yemen
After a long fight at the edge of Arabian peninsula, we have launched a full offensive and forced the Yemeni Army to surrender. San'ā is now in our hands!
The Fate of Asir
The region of Asir is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Batumi
The port city of Batumi is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Basra
The southern marshes of Iraq, centred on the city of Basra, are now under our control. We must decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Khuzestan
Having conquered the oil-rich region of [413.GetName], we need to decide its fate.
The Fate of Abkhazia
Having conquered the mountainous region of [1080.GetName], we need to decide its fate.
The Fate of Najran
The region of Najran is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Hasa
The region of Hasa is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Bahrain
The island of Bahrain is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Khasab
The strategic port of Khasab is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Dhofar
The contested borderlands around Dhofar are now under our control, we must decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Adana
The contested borderlands around Adana are now under our control, we must decide what to do with them.
The Fate of [418.GetName]
The borderlands of [418.GetName] have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Gabon
We now control the former German colony of Gabon, and with it, masses of Africans yearning to breathe free. Should we give them this freedom under our close surveillance or is this dream vain?
The Fate of Cameroon
With our recent annexation of the colony of Cameroon, the former administration has fallen and this territory needs a new capable administration. The question is should it be ours or should it be a local one under our commands?
The Fate of Ubangi-Shari
The fall of Bangui left us to control the former colony of Ubangi-Shari under our iron fist. Nevertheless, this occupation is proving itself to be costly and many officials in our capital are now questioning the relevance of it and are calling for a degree of autonomy to be given. Should we do it?
The Fate of the Congo
Our annexation of the former German colony of the Congo leaves us a choice, should we continue to occupy it to add it to our empire or should we leave some autonomy to the Congolese and create a puppet state?
The Fate of Zambesia
Now that we are in control of the former German colony of Zambesia, we're left with a choice about how to administer the area; should we create an independent Zambesia and, if so, should we include Nyasaland in it?
The Fate of Angola
Our annexation of the former Portuguese colony of Angola left us to manage those millions of Africans far by the seas. Surely installing a local government will be easier for us to manage it, but should we trust the locals with that?
The Fate of Nigeria
The vast and rich colony of Nigeria is now under our control, and with it, comes the burden of having to administer it. Should we delegate this task to an extent to local government?
The Fate of Dahomey
The former German colony of Dahomey has been captured and annexed by our advancing forces into our empire, but this territory is far and hard to control. Should we try to manage it like one of our colonies or is creating a satellite in Dahomey more appropriate?
The Fate of Togoland
We now control the former German colony of Togoland and with the millions of Africans inhabiting it, wanting to form their own government, should we allow it under our benevolent oversee?
The Fate of Ghana
The region of Ghana has now been brought under our control. The former colonial administration fled the colony early and left us with an ungoverned territory occupied. Should we continue this occupation or should we form a new government?
The Fate of the Ivory Coast
The Ivory Coast, once part of the French colonial empire, has now fallen under our control. Its inhabitants now demand a competent administration to take care of taxes or conscription, should we try to govern them from our capital or would a local limited government be a better solution?
The Fate of Liberia
The state of Liberia, founded by an American company under the wish of bringing American blacks back to Africa has always been peculiar. Under the loose control of the Americans for years, the country has now fallen before our might. The Liberian identity is strong and trying to annex them directly might prove itself inefficient, officials in our country are calling for the establishment of a loyal Liberian state instead, should we do that?
The Fate of Sierra Leone
The former British colony of Sierra Leone, once a haven for former loyal British slaves, has been captured by our advancing armies and has been incorporated into our empire. But despite our best efforts its administration is revealing itself to be a difficulty for our untrained administrators, some have argued to give the territory a greater degree of autonomy, should we allow it?
The Fate of Guinea
The former French colony of Guinea, divided between a traditional mountainous north and a colonial south, has been annexed into our growing empire. We're now left with the complex task of organising this new territory, should we incorporate it directly into our structure of power or should we create a separate puppet state there?
The Fate of Senegal
The port of Dakar, formerly the most important port of French West Africa, has fallen to our repeated assaults, and with it, the full colony of Senegal including the 4 French communes were occupied. But with this change of ownership came more problems as the skilled French administrators left the territory, leaving us with an organisational void, should we create a loyal satellite here to alleviate our problems?
The Fate of Mauritania
The desert region of Mauritania has come under the control of our armies. The former French colony, not even pacified 15 years ago, is now in need of a government to rule it efficiently to avoid the territory falling into anarchy once again. Should we consider creating a Mauritanian puppet state?
The Fate of Mali
The valley of the Niger River, once known as French Sudan or Mali is now directly under our control. Though this colony needs a better administration that we will have difficulties to provide. Nevertheless, the local people and the remnants of the French administration can administer it for us to an extent, should we let them form a loyal puppet state?
The Fate of Upper Volta
The ancient land of the Mossi around the region of the Volta have come to our control and are now a part of our country. Often divided and badly regarded by the colonial authorities, their people are now asking us for a chance to form their own state. Should we let them organise themselves to an extent?
The Fate of Niger
Our proud armies have just annexed the former French colony of Niger which is now in need of a proper government, should we establish our administration there or should we let them form a local government?
The Fate of Chad
Finally, our annexation of the region of Chad is complete, the former French colony is now in need of a competent administration to manage it. Given the difficulties it gave to France, between tribal and passive revolts, should we consider giving them autonomy to alleviate this burden?
The Fate of Morocco
We have freed Morocco from the Germans and our forces are now having difficulties occupying the mountainous and semi-arid regions of the country. Although the urban centres are under our control, it might be wise to hand out further control to locals.
The Fate of Rio de Oro
The desert region of Rio de Oro is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Algeria
We finally freed Algeria from the French tyrants in Algiers. Should we give the Algerians freedom?
The Fate of Tunisia
After overwhelming the Tunisian defences, we have launched a full offensive and Tunis is now in our hands, along with the rest of Tunisia. The Bey and several nationalists are clamouring for self-governance, and some suggest they should be granted it. Alternatively, we could continue to occupy Tunisia. What should we do?
The Fate of Ethiopia
After our successful campaign in Ethiopia, we now have the task to establish new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, there are several options for our choice.
The Fate of Eritrea
After our successful campaign in Eritrea, we now have the task to establish new local administrative authority in order to restore peace, however, there are several options for our choice.
The Fate of [268.GetName]
We now control [268.GetName], but a nearby state loyal to us might be better suited to handle the territory. Should we give it to them?
The Fate of Somalia
We now control the territories of the former Dervish state of Somalia and this inhospitable area populated by Somalis will prove itself to be hard to maintain through occupation, maybe we should let the Somalis organise themselves to an extent?
The Fate of Kenya
The steppes of Kenya are now under our graceful control. What should we do with them—control land directly or let the locals handle it?
The Fate of Uganda
We now occupy the former German colony of Uganda. This region, populated and close from the Great Lakes, is far from anything we could control. Should we ease the burden by granting them a level of autonomy, or will the occupation continue?
The Fate of East Africa
We now occupy the crossroads of the former German colony of Mittelafrika, East Africa, and its capital Dar-es-Salaam. Should we make this a possible capital of our new colonial empire or let the locals administer this land to a degree of efficiency we could never achieve?
The Fate of Rwanda
After the liberation of Rwanda from the German colonial grip we're left with the choice to let the Rwandans govern themselves to an extent or not, should we do it?
The Fate of Urundi
We have now annexed Urundi, part of the former German colony of East Africa, should we restore the Urundi independence and let them manage their own lands?
The Fate of Mozambique
Our annexation of the former Portuguese colony of Mozambique left us to manage those millions of Africans. Establishing a local government will surely make it easier for us to administrate it, but should we trust the locals with such authority?
The Fate of Nyasaland
With our occupation of the former German colony of Nyasaland, the choice of setting up a puppet government partly run by locals instead of a new colony has been proposed. Should we go forward with this idea?
The Fate of Madagascar
Our powerful armies have taken control of the former German colony of Madagascar. The huge island is currently under military administration but we may want to install a real administration there, should it be local or should we annex the island directly to our empire?
The Fate of South Africa
Finally, the Dominion of South Africa has capitulated to our glorious armies which now march through the Cape. After the start of our military occupation, some voices have arisen claiming we need to create a subservient South African nation to keep the area under control. During those discussions, another issue has been brought to the table: if we do create this puppet state, should it retain the protectorate of Bechuanaland and the disillusioned province of Southern Rhodesia it has controlled for over a decade, or should we reduce their zone of influence to the core of the country? It is up to us to decide.
The Fate of Namibia
We annexed the former German colony of Südwestafrika, alternatively known as Namibia. We are now left to manage thousands of Africans in a territory we know very little about. Should we grant a degree of self-determination, or rule this place as our new colony?
The Fate of Botswana
The protectorate of Botswana, once under British and later South African control, has seen many changes and is now ready for independence. Should we create a Botswanan state?
The Fate of Zimbabwe
The protectorate of Zimbabwe has seen many independence movements during its time as a colony, but none succeeded to this day. With our annexation of the country, there is now hope for the creation of Zimbabwean nation. Should we make it a reality?
The Fate of the Sudan
The Sudan has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ogaden
The contested borderlands between Ethiopia and Somalia have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Jubaland
The contested borderlands between Kenya and Somalia have been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with them.
The Fate of Portuguese Guinea
Now that we occupy the former Portuguese colony of Guinea, it has been suggested that a puppet government be set up, administered in part by locals; should we proceed with this arrangement, it would be prudent to move the seat of government from Bolama - a colonial relic, difficult to access and far removed from the mainland - to Bissau, whose more central location offers a more solid foundation for a future state.
The Fate of Equatorial Guinea
With our occupation of the former Spanish colony of Equatorial Guinea, the choice of setting up a puppet government partly run by locals instead of a new colony has been proposed. Should we go forward with this idea?
The Fate of the Rif
The coastal strip of Morocco known as the Rif is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Ifni
The small port city of Ifni is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of the Gambia
The coastal region of the Gambia is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Lourenço Marques
The southern half of Mozambique is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of Middle Congo
The western portion of the Congo Basin, originally a French colony, is now under our control, we must decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
[FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands_desc$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands_desc$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands_desc$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands_desc$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands$
$annexation_indian_ocean_islands_desc$
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
[FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
The Fate of [FROM.FROM.GetName]
[FROM.FROM.GetName] has been brought under our control as our troops occupy the region. We must now decide what to do with it.
$annexation_atlantic_islands$
$annexation_atlantic_islands_desc$
$annexation_atlantic_islands$
$annexation_atlantic_islands_desc$
