Serbia Focus Tree
Balkan Socialist Federation
Non-Aligned Movement
The Vođa
The People's Sovereign
Connected with the Elite
Idealised Sovereign
\
SRP (Pelagićevci)
Srpski komunistički revolucionarni savez \
SRP (Vahabiti)
Socijalistička radnička partija - Vahabiti (Socialist Workers' Party - Wahhabites)\n§LThe Wahhabites/Vahabiti (or as they call themselves \
SRP
Socijalistička radnička partija (Socialist Workers' Party)\n§LThe Socialist Workers' Party is a Serbian Marxist and Yugoslavist political party walking a fine line between reformism and revolutionary aspirations. Founded in 1919 during the twilight of radical movements from France to Russia, merging Montenegrin revolutionaries and the remains of the Serbian Social Democratic Party (Srpska socijaldemokratska partija) after the expulsion of the moderate and chauvinistic faction organised around Živko Topalović. The party was quickly declared illegal by Aleksandar II's Royal dictatorship, but fortunes soon turned to their favour as the monarchy was overthrown by a popular revolution in 1926. Since then the party has been steadily building up a support base primarily in Belgrade, but also in Montenegro and Zlatibor, making it a serious political contender.§!\n
SPS
Socijalistička partija Srbije (Socialist Party of Serbia)\n§LThe Socialist Party emerged from the \
Republikanska stranka
Srpska republikanska stranka (Serbian Republican Party)\n§LThe history of Republicanism in Serbia finds its roots all throughout the 19th century, however the real beginnings of the movement were in 1901, when disgruntled Radical-Liberals split off from the Radical Party, forming the Independent Radical Party. While it didn't openly embrace Republicanism, its fiercely parliamentarian, democratic and socialist-sympathetic views inevitably aligned it against the Obrenović dynasty in 1903 and the Karađorđević dynasty in the early 1920s, reforming under the name of the Serbian Republican Party (Srpska republikanska stranka).\n\nAs dynastic rule became increasingly associated with tyranny and Austrian subjugation, popular sentiment rose in favour of a republic, and in turn, of the Republican Party. The monarchy came crashing down in 1926 when the Revolution broke out, and the Republicans rode the movement. Since then, they have enjoyed a dominant position in Serbian politics, however, few people know of their secret dealings with the Konspiracija.§!\n
NRS
Narodna radikalna stranka (People's Radical Party)\n§LThe People's Radical Party has a long and venerable history in Serbian politics, being founded around the followings of Nikola Pašić and Svetozar Marković. While its roots lie in radical and socialist ideologies, the party has since its inception experienced a pivot towards conservatism.\n\nWhile the Radicals were easily the dominant political force in pre-Weltkrieg Serbia, their popularity waned first due to Serbia's catastrophic defeat, and fell completely out of favour with the onset of Aleksandar II's royal dictatorship. The party was completely banned until 1926, when the republican government allowed their return to the political stage. They now operate as the main opposition, in contrast to the more progressive Republicans.§!\n
Zemljoradnička stranka
Zemljoradnička stranka (Agrarian Party)\n§LDespite being a small party, and claiming to represent the interests of farmers, the Agrarians are a surprisingly diverse group. While traditional agrarian conservatives have an important position, they are far from the only significant faction, with groups going as far as advocating for agrarian socialism having a foothold in the party. Broadly speaking, they cooperate with the Radicals, viewing the Republicans and Socialists as too focused on urban communities.§!\n
DSDS
Državnotvorna stranka demokrata Srba (State Party of Serbian Democrats)\n§LFormed in the wake of the Weltkrieg's disastrous end at the initiative of then-Prime Minister Vojislav Veljković, the DSDS acted from its inception as an Austrophilic and monarchist force. It acted in support of the royal dictatorship until the latter's downfall in 1925. Despite not being banned outright following the Revolution, its authoritarian and unpopular governance has reduced its political influence in the present day to nothing.§!\n
Bela ruka
Bela ruka (White Hand)\n§LThe White Hand traces its origins to the plot which overthrew the Obrenović dynasty in the May Coup of 1903, with a split amongst the officers responsible, notably between Dragutin Dimitrijević and Petar Živković. These men would go on to found the Black and White Hands, respectively.\n\nWhile the Black Hand was outlawed in 1917, the White Hand enthusiastically supported Aleksandar II's dictatorship until the Revolution, when they were forced underground. Staunch monarchists, they actively work on undermining the republican government with the eventual goal of a restoration of Petar II.§!\n
Konspiracija
Konspiracija (Conspiracy) / Srpski kulturni klub (Serbian Cultural Club)\n§LA heterogeneous mix of individuals from across the far right, the Konspiracija is a nationalist group of officers and intellectuals who saw the Republican Revolution as an opportunity to claw their way into power. Established after the model of the Black Hand in the years before the ousting of Aleksandar II, it has since gained the trappings of a \
SRZ
Srpska radikalna zajednica (Serbian Radical Union)\n§LWith their goals seemingly aligned, the Agrarian and Radical parties have fused into the Serbian Radical Union (abbreviated to \
Srpska radikalna zajednica (Serbian Radical Union)\n§LThe Sarez has evolved past its original mission of representing the interests of Serbs, urban or rural. It is now a vehicle through which the will of its leader, Milan Stojadinović, is made manifest, without the distractions of parliamentary politics. With the opposition puppeted and the Greenshirts intimidating intellectuals and voters alike, the Sarez, and thus Stojadinović, looks to retain its stranglehold on Serbian political life for the foreseeable future.§!\n
NRS-P
Narodna radikalna stranka-pravaši (True People's Radical Party)\n§LWith Stojadinović's consolidation of power, some moderate members of the original Radical Party have chosen to split from the Sarez. Declaring the formation of a \
SONU
Srpski odbor za narodno ujedinjenje (Serbian Committee for National Unification)\n§LWith the commanding majority of the Sarez behind him and the outbreak of war with Serbia's enemies, President Stojadinović has managed to get most factions in the Skupština to agree to a government of national unity, with elections suspended \
SRSD
Srpska radikalna seljačka demokratija (Serbian Radical Peasants' Democracy)\n§LWith the royalist coup of 1936 a success, Prime Minister Petar Živković has overseen the banning of all political parties, and of the formation of the SRSD to act as a supporting and legitimising force for the institution of monarchy, much as the DSDS had done during Aleksandar II's dictatorship. It is strongly nationalist, centralist and secularist, also espousing significant Yugoslavist rhetoric.§!\n
Military Junta
Vojna hunta (Military Junta)\n§LThe Serbian military has a long history of involvement in politics relative to its existence. The previous infiltration of this institution by the Konspiracija has given rise to an entire generation of radicalised officers, who now have the chance to transform Serbia in their own image.§!\n
KPS
Komunistička partija Srbije (Communist Party of Serbia)\n§LThe Socialist Workers' Party is a Serbian Marxist and Yugoslavist political party walking a fine line between reformism and revolutionary aspirations. Founded in 1919 during the twilight of radical movements from France to Russia, merging Montenegrin revolutionaries and the remains of the Serbian Social Democratic Party (Srpska socijaldemokratska partija) after the expulsion of the moderate and chauvinistic faction organised around Živko Topalović. The party was quickly declared illegal by Aleksandar II's Royal dictatorship, but fortunes soon turned to their favour as the monarchy was overthrown by a popular revolution in 1926.\n\nAll of the party's efforts seem to have come to naught in the wake of their failed, short-lived governance of the Serbian state. More radical members of the Socialist Workers' Party who believed the revolution had been betrayed have coalesced in the KPS, and seek the achievement of revolution by any means necessary.§!\n
KPS (Vahabiti)
KPS (Pelagićevci)
Buđenje
Srpski narodni pokret \
ZBOR
Združena borbena organizacija rada (United Active Labour Organisation)\n§LBringing together several like-minded extremist and monarchist organisations, Ljotić now commands a large-scale political movement, which has inherited various political and social views. They are all, however, united in their belief in South Slavic supremacy, as well as monarchism, corporatism, and religious fanaticism.§!\n
DS
Srpska demokratska stranka (Serbian Democratic Party)\n§LFollowing the success of the March Conspiracy and the ousting of Živković and Ljotić, democracy was restored in the Kingdom of Serbia, leaving the Republicans in an awkward position. While some hardline anti-monarchists remain outside of politics, most of the former Republicans have reorganised to work within the system. Rebranded to the Democratic Party, they espouse much of the left-leaning, progressive rhetoric the Republicans did before the 1936 coup.§!\n
Fringe Nationalists
Fringe Nationalists\n§LEven though Yugoslavism has been redeemed in the eyes of its namesake peoples through victory over the Austrians, there remain members of each ethnicity who are opposed to the idea, often advocating for strong and independent nation-states. While this nationalist sentiment is unlikely to ever fade completely, for now these nationalists are pushed to the fringes of the political sphere.§!\n
DS
Jugoslavenska demokratska stranka (Yugoslav Democratic Party)\n§LStyling itself \
RDS
Republikanska demokratska stranka (Republican Democratic Party)\n§LStyling itself \
JRZ
Jugoslavenska radikalna zajednica (Yugoslavian Radical Union)\n§LThe Serbian Radical Union have found themselves a Serbian nationalist party within a multiethnic state. With the surge in popularity of more left-leaning parties in the rest of the country, the Sarez finds itself the hegemon of Serbian nationalism. Rebranding to the Yugoslav Radical Union (Jarez), it champions the Serbian national cause, viewing Yugoslavia as a dilution of a Greater Serbia.§!\n
Narodna radikalna stranka (People's Radical Party)\n§LThe People's Radical Party have found themselves a Serbian nationalist party within a multiethnic state. With the surge in popularity of more left-leaning parties in the rest of the country, the NRS finds itself the hegemon of Serbian nationalism. It champions the Serbian national cause, viewing Yugoslavia as a dilution of a Greater Serbia.§!\n
SLS
Slovenska ljudska stranka (Slovene People's Party)\n§LA titan of Slovene politics, the People's Party has survived the unification of Slovenia with the rest of the South Slavic lands and has carved out an important role in representing Slovene national interests. They are proponents of a conservative, Christian democracy, significantly influenced by the Austrian Christlichsoziale.\n\nWhile for now, they remain highly supportive of Slovenia's integration into Yugoslavia, straying too far from a federal direction could cause them to withdraw support for the central government.§!\n
HPSS
Hrvatska pučka seljačka stranka (Croatian People's Peasant Party)\n§LInstrumental in the creation of Illyria within the Austrian monarchy, the HPSS have traditionally been an agrarian and anti-militarist party representing Croatian interests. They have retained this role within the Yugoslav state, becoming a strong opponent to further centralisation. They have a pronounced republican bent, inherited from their co-founder, Stjepan Radić.§!\n
ORJUNA
Organizacija jugoslavenskih nacionalista (Organisation of Yugoslav Nationalists)\n§LFanatically nationalist and anti-socialist, the ORJUNA is an organisation aiming to stamp out any resistance to Yugoslav unity, be it from within or without. Though dominated by Dalmatian Croats, its ranks include members from throughout the country, all showcasing a disdain for parliamentary politics.\n\nUnlike many in the young country, they regard Gavrilo Princip as a role model instead of the man who nearly doomed the South Slavs. Thus, they do not shy away from terrorist methods.§!\n
JRSD
Jugoslavenska radikalna seljačka demokratija (Yugoslav Radical Peasants' Democracy)\n§LWith the triumph of the Kingdom of Serbia over the hated Austrians and the establishment of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the SRSD has assimilated like-minded parties throughout the new state, renaming itself accordingly. It remains a centralist and secular force, committed to holding the South Slavs together by any means necessary.§!\n
JNS
Jugoslavenska nacionalna stranka (Yugoslavian National Party)\n§LWith the triumph of the Kingdom of Serbia over the hated Austrians and the establishment of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, the SRSD has assimilated like-minded parties throughout the new state, renaming itself accordingly. It remains a centralist and secular force, committed to holding the South Slavs together by any means necessary.§!\n
SRPJ
Socijalistička radnička partija Jugoslavije (Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia)\n§LThe SRPJ is the primary successor to the Serbian Socialist Workers' Party, and has inherited much of its policies and positions. Though internal divisions exist on the nature of the exact implementation of socialist principles, they remain the primary proponent of revolutionary socialism on the Yugoslav political scene.§!\n
SnPJ
Sindikalistička partija Jugoslavije (Syndicalist Party of Yugoslavia)\n§LEmerging as a dissident faction of the nascent SRPJ following the Vukovar Congress, the SnPJ stands in firm opposition to the former. Instead of the \
SPJ
Socijalistička partija Jugoslavije (Socialist Party of Yugoslavia)\n§LWith an agreement out of reach at the Vukovar Congress, the moderate socialists and social democrats from across Yugoslavia have officially denounced their more radical counterparts, instead choosing to work within the democratic process. Whether this is simply to improve the lot of the worker within a capitalist system, or to work towards an eventual peaceful transition to socialism, the SPJ has seemingly renounced revolutionary tendencies forever.§!\n
Četnici
Srpska četnička organizacija (Serbian Chetnik Organisation)
OFSN
Osvobodilna fronta slovenskega naroda (Liberation Front of the Slovene Nation)
MNO
Muslimanska narodna organizacija (Muslim National Organisation)
ASOS-SRP
ASOS-SPS
ASOS-SRS
ASOS-NRS
ASOS-ZS
Antireakcionarima skupština oslobođenja Srbije (Anti-Reactionary Assembly for the Liberation of Serbia)
SARTID
Univerzitet u Beogradu
Galenika
Fabrika Oružja i Municije Užice
Zastava
Vojnotehnički Institut Beograd
Ikarus Automobili
Industrija Mašina i Komponenata
Jadransko Brodogradiliste
Ikarus Aeroplani
Rogožarski
Aeroput
Formation of the Belgrade Pact
Fourth Balkan War
The Treaty of Wartholz
Signed by the Kingdom of Serbia in 1919, the Treaty of Wartholz is a punitive agreement that establishes Serbia's postwar relationship with the Austro-Hungarian Empire. It limits the size of the Serbian Army to 35 thousand men, establishes a free trade area between the two states, and requires Serbia to relinquish all claims upon Austrian and Bulgarian territory.
§RCannot train units, disband units, or edit unit templates.§!\n§RCannot enact conscription or mobilise the economy.§!\n§RCannot produce tanks or aircraft.§!\n
Secret Rearmament
Serbia's secret rearmament began almost immediately after the Treaty of Wartholz, but ramped up in intensity after the Republican Revolution. Hidden as civilian contracts, equipment purchases are made, a new generation of pilots and officers are trained, and terms of the treaty are violated in preparation for the restoration of Greater Serbia.
Open Rearmament
The Treaty of Wartholz is dead, and the Serbian eagle spreads its wings once more. Equipment is being purchased, a new generation of pilots and officers are trained, and the nation mobilised in preparation for the restoration of Greater Serbia.
A Scarred Nation
Serbia suffered more than any other country in the Weltkrieg. Entire towns were depopulated, the country looted, hundreds of thousands died - and the ordinary Serb believes it was their fault. After all, it was a Serb who shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand and thus sparked the conflict. Though the leaders of Serbia may hold irredentist ambitions, they will need to convince the people that this will not go the same way as last time.
£pol_idea The Konspiracija
The Konspiracija
The Konspiracija orchestrated the Republican Revolution of 1925 and thus considers itself entitled to dictate the foreign policy of the country - they wish to pursue Serbian irredentism and the destruction of Bulgaria. Conceding ground to this \
$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?var_KONS_influence|=%+0]
$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?-0.11|=%+0]
Dance of the Puppet Show
Petar II
Petar II Karađorđević is the sole child of the late Aleksandar II, the last King of Serbia before the Republican Revolution. Left without a father at the age of two, he was secured by Petar Živković before the revolutionaries found him and smuggled across the border - from there, the heir made it all the way to Canada. There, he fell under the tutelage of his uncle Prince Pavle - a cultured and easy-going bon vivant who inducted the future King into the lifestyle of British nobility.\n\nRestored to the throne, Petar arrived to an impoverished nation and has been turned into a puppet for the politicking of Živković and Ljotić - and yet, though he may still be young, his nation sees potential in him. Perhaps he can turn a page away from his father and reveal himself to be a \
Petar II
Petar II Karađorđević is the sole child of the late Aleksandar II, the last King of Serbia before the Republican Revolution. Left without a father at the age of two, he was secured by Petar Živković before the revolutionaries found him and smuggled across the border - from there, the heir made it all the way to Canada. There, he fell under the tutelage of his uncle Prince Pavle - a cultured and easy-going bon vivant who inducted the future King into the lifestyle of British nobility.\n\nRestored to the throne, Petar arrived to an impoverished nation and has been turned into a puppet for the nationalist regime of Milan Stojadinović - and yet, though he may still be young, his nation sees potential in him. Perhaps he can turn a page away from his father and reveal himself to be a \
Structuralist Economics
Based upon the belief that there is no universal economic model and each country needs to find their own path, economic structuralism calls for the state to promote industry reliant on materials produced domestically, and the need for the state to have control of monetary resources in order to redirect it to industries which need them.
Black Monday
The collapse of German imports and the closure of international trade means that our small industrial sector starves and our agrarian population struggles to find markets to sell their produce. This has led to a full collapse of the nation's economy.
Farming Subsidies
To ensure that the economy of Serbia remains afloat, the state needs to take a more direct role in agriculture and intervene to ensure stable production, stable prices and stable exports.
State Railways Directorate
The newly centralised Serbian State Railways Directorate brings ownership of every railway in the country under a single organisation. With internal competition eliminated, the Directorate can now work to extend the existing railways to every corner of Serbia.
Military Reform Council
Led by General Milan Nedić, the Military Reform Council has been created with the aim to bring the woeful Serbian Army into the modern age, through a series of rigorous reforms.
Local Designs
Having access to foreign designs has allowed Serbian local talent to design their own local designs.
Serbian Air Force Doctrine
Serbia, with the aid of foreign advisors and local talent, has adopted a modern air doctrine.
Russian Aerial Expertise
Serbia has sought Russian advisors to assist in training its new pilots.
French Aerial Expertise
Serbia has sought French advisors to assist in training its new pilots.
Naval Investments
The government is investing significant funds in shipbuilding, taking a noticeable portion of the budget while spurring the shipbuilders.
The Republican Guard
To defend ourselves from the threat of a military coup, we must always have an armed backbone - and a militarised public organisation committed to the defence of republican ideas is the solution we have found.
Ideologically Charged Army
Shaken by new promotions and appointments, the Serbian Army is uncharacteristically loyal and devout to the republican ideal.
Progress of Labour!
We shall grant the Serbian worker and farmer a new future, one free of struggle and hardship, free of unjust exploitation and shone over by harmonious existence!
Progress of the Sexes!
We have to realise that men and women are both people with equal capacity to learn, work and fight. While we cannot defeat millennia of preconceived notions, we can legislate to improve the current conditions, and give women more opportunity in life.
Progress of Governance!
A modern democratic society requires a strong bureaucratic founding base in order to function properly. While democracy is not merely a procedural process, strong procedure, transparent governance, and efficient administration are all beneficial to no end.
Progress of Labour! §Wand§! Progress of Governance!
Class Harmony
At last, with the leadership of the Republican Party, the Serbian people can enjoy the full benefits of social and economical progress - a harmonious society, where any person of any class can qualify for a fulfilling life.
The Montenegrin Experiment
National Trade Union Council
The National Trade Union Council is the mediator between central government and the interests of the workers, and we must respect its advice.
State Corporatism
All national energies need to be welded into a single organ with which we may defeat any enemies - strong or weak, internal or external.
Serb Radicalism
The People's Radical Party, the vanguard of the Serbian nation, pursues a policy of agrarian supremacy, mass politics, and patriotic dedication to one's community as well as the entire nation. The historical ideal of the Zadruga, a democratic rural community of Slavic peasantry, is what guides us in our policies.
The Cult of Nikola Pašić
The greatest statesman Serbia has ever seen, Nikola Pašić is the father of the Serbian state, its guide for decades who fought against absolutism and authoritarianism all his life. While it appeared his efforts were in vain at the moment of his death, his legacy still resonates with us, and he is a glorious enough figure to lift to near-divine status!
Tripartite Council on Economic Affairs
The Tripartite Council is an organ composed of government, business and labour representatives, deliberating on national economic policy and working to create policies which will benefit the entire nation, not just any social group.
Via Media
Sometimes, the pen is mightier than the sword.
Court for the Protection of the State
Nationalist Fervour
The Serbian people are once again ready for war, and war we shall give them!
Greenshirts
Milan Stojadinović's Greenshirts, inspired by the Romanian Iron Guard, are the paramilitary wing of his Radical Union. Armed by the state, these brave men have dedicated their lives to protect the Serbian government at any cost. They will ensure that any attempts to dislodge our Vojvoda's rule will be met with furious retaliation, so that Serbia can once again be a strong nation.
Expanded Social Welfare
The Second Serbian Avant-Garde
Artists, poets and playwrights across Serbia once again push to break the boundaries set by society and discover new ways in which traditions may be challenged.
Socialist Realism
Art must serve ideological ideals, and so we shall ensure that artists and playwrights make the sort of content which will further the cause of socialism. They shall present socialism as a bright tomorrow and will not engage in unnecessary degeneracy.
The Hotel Slavija Regime
While the Skupština remains the sole legislative authority, more and more decisions are instead being made in the headquarters of the SRP and extraparliamentary institutions, eroding democratic power and strengthening socialist authority.
Military Purges
Subordination of Society
We shall ensure that everyone in Serbian society stays in line. There is only one path for the masses and that is the path of socialism, any deviation is akin to betrayal.
Economic Transformation of Society
The means of production and who controls them are the key factor which drives history forward. Let us hand the means of production to the workers and so accelerate the transformation towards socialism!
Central Workers' Trade Union
Divided between various trades, the workers of Serbia will be unable to defend their rights and organise. Following the examples of the CGT and the TUC, we shall unify all trade unions in Serbia into one organ - which just so happens to be controlled by the Socialist Workers' Party.
Youth Work Brigades
The backbone of new industrial Serbian socialism shall be built with the sweat of our youth. They need to be integrated into socialist society from an early age - high schoolers and students shall be drafted into work actions and spend their time building roads and railways, gaining valuable experience and finding comrades along the way!
National Regeneration
Merely restoring the Royal family is not enough. We must build an ideal, regenerated state, which follows the orders of nature once again and turns the power of the monarchy total. We are not merely reactionaries - we are revolutionaries, national revolutionaries, and we will build a new Serbian monarchy upon the ashes of the Republic.
Zadruga Communalism
The Serbian nation shall no longer be poisoned by the ideas of socialism, individualism and modernism! Our home is the village, and the village community - here, in the idyllic countryside, where the rulers rule and the subjects serve, where solidarity prospers, we will found a new Serbia!
Military Dominance
The Serbian Army are the saviours of monarchism and shall guide us forevermore! Let us ensure that military officers routinely hold political positions and sway the government in their favour, and thus empower them to be the guardian angels of the Serbian people!
The Royal Constitution
The Constitution so generously bestowed upon the Serbian people by His Majesty's Government shall signal a return to the constitutionalism of the era before the Weltkrieg, a golden age in Serbian history which we shall live again!
The Dream of Yugoslavia
Despite the best efforts of the oppressors in Vienna and Budapest, the Yugoslav dream lives on in the hearts of all Southern Slavs! Serbia must once again carry the torch of liberation with the selfless goal to overthrow the German-Hungarian hegemony over Slavdom.
National Lottery
The War Against Belgrade
Unified System of Tariffs and Fees
Constitutionalist Military
The Yugoslav military has been subordinated to civilian affairs and an era of army interference in politics has come to an end.
Interferent Military
Though the Konspiracija is long gone, the military continues to interfere in political affairs and democracy in Yugoslavia struggles to breathe.
The Yugoslav Secret Society
Politics in Yugoslavia remain shackled by a secret society behind the backs of civilian politicians. At any time, some ambitious colonel may overthrow the fragile republic and establish his own order.
Movement for the Constitution
Internal backlash against the Serbian Army and its interferent role in society is currently taking place, and while it is paralysing government activities, this movement may be channelled for our use.
Reformed Conscription System
The Anti-Imperialist Vanguard
Adriatic Tourism Industry
Smart investment into the tourism infrastructure on the Adriatic has helped it boom. The beaches and islands of the Dalmatian coast are quite an attraction, and perhaps one day it will become the capital of tourism in Southeastern Europe.
Serbo-Croatian Language
The official language of the country is Serbo-Croatian, and the state declares that \
Serbo-Croatian-Slovenian Language
The official language of the country is Serbo-Croatian-Slovenian, and the state declares that \
Cyrillic Script Enforced
The Cyrillic script is the natural script of the Serbo-Croatian language and should be enforced - official documents will be written strictly in Cyrillic and bureaucrats from Croatia and Slovenia will be taught this script to use in everyday work.
National Mythology
All Yugoslavs shall worship the same heroes and the same historical achievements - the Battle of Kosovo and the Weltkrieg were all-Yugoslav battles against oppressors, not Serbian or any other causes.
Unified Education System
The Special Relationship
Gavrilo Princip Memorial
Gavrilo Princip, the brave Young Bosnian youth who made the fateful shots in 1914, should no longer be treated as a failure who doomed the South Slavs to untold suffering. After two decades, the Yugoslav idea he died for has finally been realised, and thus we can finally recognise him for who he truly was - a slayer of tyrants.
Building the Yugosphere
Progressive Reforms
Progressive Reforms
Progressive Reforms
Progressive Liberal Reforms
Progressive Authoritarian Reforms
Strong Dinar Currency
Following the establishment of a standard currency, the dinar is now strong and stable.
Central Banking Committee
With the Banking Committee overseeing banking matters, the financial system has been greatly improved.
Domestic Enemies Strength: §RStrong§!
Domestic Enemies Strength: §YAverage§!
Domestic Enemies Strength: §GWeak§!
Surprise Attack
The discretion of our conspiracy gave us the effect of surprise against Bulgaria.
Montenegrin Autonomy
Remnants of the IMRO
The Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation has been defeated, but their underground cells are still making a last stand, committing acts of terrorism in vain hope that this will prove a point. Until this ceases, our nation will suffer.
Balkan Research Initiative
Chetnik Resistance
The Election of 1936
\nThe term of the second President of the Serbian Republic, Dragomir Vasić, is coming to a close, and on the fifth of October, new elections will be held to the Serbian Skupština - there, a new coalition shall be formed and elect a President and Prime Minister to guide Serbia for the next five years. As the world veers closer to war, and so do the Balkans, the force which wins this election may get to decide the fate of the country for ages to come.\n\nElections in Serbia will take the form of a series of events, in which the player has the choice to boost or weaken one of the following five political parties - §lRepublicans§!, §mRadicals§!, §RSocialist Workers§!, §SSocialists§! and §cAgrarians§!. The §lRepublicans§!, the §mRadicals§! or the §RSocialist Workers§! will gain the plurality once the polls close and coalition formation will begin. Because Serbian politics are heavily parliamentary, however, simply gaining a plurality is not enough - strong coalition partners are needed to successfully form a majority, and therefore, while responding to events and influencing party strength, one needs to consider whether they will find enough cross-bench support...\n\nCurrent likely plurality holder: [SER.GetSerbiaElectionLead]\n\nCurrent likely coalition: [SER.GetSerbiaLikelyCoalition]\n
§lRepublicans§!
§mRadicals§!
§RSocialist Workers§!
§lRepublicans§! and §RSocialist Workers§! neck-to-neck
§lRepublicans§! and §mRadicals§! neck-to-neck
§mRadicals§! and §RSocialist Workers§! neck-to-neck
Neck-to-neck
§lRepublican§! majority
§mRadical§! majority
§lRepublican§!-§SSocialist§! coalition
§mRadical§!-§cAgrarian§! coalition
§RJoint§! §SSocialist§! coalition
§lRepublican§!-led §RPopular§! §SFront§!
§RSocialist Worker§!-led §lPopular§! §SFront§!
§mAnti-Socialist§! §lNational Front§!
£pol_violence  Respond to Black Monday!
£pol_violence  Show Serbia's Teeth!
The §lRepublicans§! will lose support.
The §lRepublicans§! will gain support.
The §lRepublicans§! will lose support.\nThe §RSocialist Workers§! will gain support.
The §RSocialist Workers§! will gain support.
The §SSocialists§! will gain support.
The §mRadicals§! will lose support.
The §mRadicals§! will gain support.\nThe §lRepublicans§! will gain support.
The §mRadicals§! will gain support.\nThe §lRepublicans§! will lose support.
The §cAgrarians§! will gain support.
The §mRadicals§! will lose support.\nThe §cAgrarians§! will lose support.
The §SSocialists§! will lose support.\nThe §RSocialist Workers§! will lose support.
The §RSocialist Workers§! will lose support.
The §mRadicals§! will gain support.
The §mRadicals§! will gain support.\nThe §cAgrarians§! will gain support.
The §lRepublicans§! will lose support.\nThe §RSocialist Workers§! will lose support.
The §RSocialist Workers§! will gain support.\nThe §SSocialists§! will gain support.\nThe §lRepublicans§! will gain support.
Defending the Revolution
Though we may have won the elections fair and square, a struggle to defend our gains awaits us. If we seek to bring Serbia towards the path of socialism, we must first coordinate all sectors of society towards this goal. Only then can we make the next step forward.
£pol_violence  Prove Ourselves to the People
We came to power with promises and promises are what we will need to fulfil. Much of the population are conservative and unsure whether the revolutionary path is right - with swift, effective and victorious governance, we need to prove that we will truly be able to provide for the average man, and so acquire their support in the Revolution.
£pol_violence  Defang the Army
The Serbian Army presents a serious threat to our rule, beset by reactionaries and nationalists in all of its ranks. Whatever we do, we must tread carefully and not create heroes out of the military during the Fourth Balkan War - only that way can we can guarantee that we can dispose of their leadership whenever we need to.
£pol_violence  Consolidate the Popular Front
We did not come to power alone - our allies to the right give us the votes we need in the Skupština to pass our policies. But no, just working with these class collaborators will not do. We must infiltrate and destroy them from the inside, and merge the most radical of them into our ranks.
£pol_violence  Complete the Revolution!
The Konspiracija
\nKonspiracija (\
Switch Form of Payment
You will now pay for rearmament with Konspiracija Support.
You will now pay for rearmament with Political Power.
Support Resistance in Niš
Tap Chetnik Associations
Contract Rifle Manufacturers
Service Propaganda
Hidden Artillery Purchases
Levy Support Equipment
Hidden Light Tank Purchases
Hidden Fighter Conversions
Commission New Arsenal
(This decision may only be taken thrice.)
Containing the Conspiracy
\nThe conspirators in the Serbian Army cannot remain all-powerful. While we may have worked with them in the past, today we have to realise that our livelihood and democracy are on the line. There are several options at our disposal on how to keep the influence of the army in check - but we have to act cautious, for the Konspiracija are no idiots, and §Ywill retaliate against us§!...\n
Fallout of the Assassination
While the country is still reeling from the assassination of Former President Jaša Prodanović, we have the last chance to curb the growth of the Konspiracija before it is too late, and democracy in Serbia is choked out forever.
We are not in open conflict with the Konspiracija.
There are no events in-waiting which may seriously disrupt the plan.
Shift Blame Onto the Konspiracija
Everyone already knows who assassinated Former President Prodanović, it is an open secret at this point - it was the militarists and conspirators in the Army, fearing him and others like him. Let us waste no more time with these subtleties and bring our case to court!
§RThis is a point of no return. If we do not decapitate the army's interference with this strike, this will have severe consequences.§!
Manufacture Evidence
Who cares if sometimes our investigation leads towards unwanted suspects? Let us simply manufacture proof of an Army plot to overthrow the government and this plot starting with the assassination of a venerable politician! We can even bring in a loyal colonel to testify before the court that they were being pressured to join a coup attempt they didn't want to take a part in...
Unlikely Alliances with Monarchists
The underground monarchist movement is no friends of us - however, they despise the Konspiracija even more, and so we may find a use for them, extracting valuable intelligence from our contacts with White Hand circles and using them to compromise the position of the leading Serbian Army clique.
Search Prodanović's Home
The assailants who assassinated Prodanović did not magically teleport into his home - they must have found a way to get in, and after getting in, leave clues we can investigate. The assassination, while seeming professional at first glance, was actually surprisingly hasty - the assailants left fingerprints and dropped things as they fled, which we can now track to their likely owners.
Question Available Witnesses
The neighbourhood of Belgrade where the assassination took place is a quiet place, but the people living there will surely have something to say - and since they lived next to the former President, they must have kept an eye on him. Did they see or hear Prodanović being visited by anyone before the assassination, or any strange men observing the neighbourhood? Have they heard anything from their neighbour about people whom he might be worried about, or concerned with, or just recently spoken to in general? And do they have any suspicions themselves?
Prioritise Suspects in the Army
Our investigation brings us towards the Serbian Army, and the Konspiracija organisation in particular. While we cannot challenge them just yet, what we can do is start taking officers in for questioning. Extract any information. Compare their alibi to the information we do know about the assassination and the events which happened on that day. We can start comparing fingerprint profiles, we can start suddenly bringing up little titbits of facts we have gathered from witnesses, or items which happened to drop from the right pockets after Prodanović's death and the hasty escape. And then... we can get them to slip up.
Spread Rumours
Before we can bring the case to court, we must bend the will of the people to our side, for the results are bound to be political, greatly. The Konspiracija holds unprecedented power in our government and society, but even they will not be able to resist the power of an angered population demanding justice. Surely, they will not risk a second revolution, one which is beyond their control.
confirming additional clues on the assassination of Jaša Prodanović, increasing the loss of £national_populist_texticon  §YNational Populist§! popularity after £decision_icon_small  §YShift Blame Onto the Konspiracija§! by §G2%§!\n
no effect.\n
Remove Milutin Nedić
The Nedić brothers are one of the key commanders in the Serbian Army, and while Milan is too influential to be removed, his brother, Milutin, is still vulnerable. We can create mumbo-jumbo about how his role in reforming the air force was inadequate and push him to a less important post, and promote new, loyal officers in his stead.
Remove Bogoljub Ilić
Bogoljub Ilić is, as we suspect, one of the leaders of the Konspiracija secret society, but because of his apparent ideological dissonance, he has come into conflict with many of his peers in the army in the following years. We can heighten these tensions and gather the necessary critical mass to remove him from his post, and filter in new loyalist officers.
Remove Dragoljub Mihailović
Dragoljub Mihailović is not a member of the Konspiracija secret society, but a troubling commander nonetheless. A suspected monarchist and a commander who constantly comes into conflict with the rest of the high command, he can very easily be removed and replaced by more loyal officers.
Fighting Domestic Enemies
\nFollowing our occupation by Bulgaria, a lot of the former enemies of the Serbian state are remaining active in the dark districts of Belgrade and in the countryside. The time it takes for our government to rebuild the country economically, military and politically these illegal associations continue to carry out violent political actions.\n\nWe need to deal with them one by one to weaken the global strength of all the terrorists and violent opposition that cripple our country.\n
Fight Monarchist Remnants
Fight the Konspiracija
Fight Socialist Terrorists
The §YNCR§! will §Ggain§! stealth\n
The §YNCR§! will §Ggain a lot§! of stealth\n
The §YNCR§! will §Rlose§! stealth\n
The §YNCR§! will §Rlose a lot§! of stealth\n
Level 0 (<5% support)
Level 1 (5-10% support)
Level 2 (10-15% support)
Level 3 (15-20% support)
Level 4 (20-30% support)
Level 5 (30-40% support)
Level 6 (>40% support)
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 1§!
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 2§!
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 3§!
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 4§!
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 5§!
Konspiracija Control is at least §YLevel 6§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 1§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 2§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 3§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 4§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 5§!
Konspiracija Control is below §YLevel 6§!
§Y50§!£command_power or §Y+2%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R50§!£command_power or §Y+2%§!£national_populist_texticon
§Y50§!£pol_power or §Y+2%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R50§!£pol_power or §Y+2%§!£national_populist_texticon
§Y60§!£pol_power or §Y+3%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R60§!£pol_power or §Y+3%§!£national_populist_texticon
§Y75§!£pol_power or §Y+4%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R75§!£pol_power or §Y+4%§!£national_populist_texticon
§Y100§!£pol_power or §Y+5%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R100§!£pol_power or §Y+5%§!£national_populist_texticon
§Y150§!£pol_power or §Y+5%§!£national_populist_texticon
§R150§!£pol_power or §Y+5%§!£national_populist_texticon
This will not put us over our maximum possible £national_populist_texticon §YNational Populist§! popularity.
Macedonia
Macedonian
Macedonia
IMRO
Macedonian
the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation
VMRO
Vatreshna makedonska revolyutsionna organizatsiya (Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation)
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
$MAC_party$
$MAC_party_long$
Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation
Many decades ago, the IMRO sowed fear in the hearts of Ottoman Turks and Serbs, using partisan tactics and terrorism to liberate Macedonia from any foreign tyrant. A new generation has grown up in free Bulgaria, but today, now that the Serbs have once again subjugated the Vardar Valley, they will have to prove themselves to be as vicious as their forefathers. Freedom or Death!
Modern Missolonghi
The visage of the Third Siege of Missolonghi is not lost on our revolutionaries, and much like the Greeks laid down many lives to achieve their liberty in 1830, so will we. Against the greatest odds and harshest foes, the will of Macedonia shall prevail!
IMRO Rebellion.\n\n§WCheck the§! £decision_icon_small  §YInternal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation§! §Wtab for more information.§!
Macedonia is currently in §YLull Phase§!. Check the £decision_icon_small  §YInternal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation§! tab for more information.
Occupation of Pirin Macedonia
Loss of £rifle_texticon  Infantry Equipment: §R50§! each 14 days
Disrupted Communications Network
Mapped Mountain Passes
Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation
\nThe Serbian Army has lost control over much of Macedonia to the IMRO, and a difficult guerrilla war is ahead of us.\n\nDuring the IMRO rebellion, the Macedonia state can be in two phases: §YLull§! and §YAction§!.\n\n- While in §YLull Phase§!, neither Serbia nor the IMRO are able to attack the other, and Serbia is unable to station any divisions in Macedonia. Instead, the conflict takes place in the form of round-based Decisions, a game played by Serbia and AI-controlled IMRO where both sides have to guess the point of attack of the other. If Serbia §Yreinforces§! the same region which IMRO §Yattacks§!, they win a round - if IMRO §Yattacks§! a region which is not §Ydefended§!, they win a round.\n   Best of three wins the Lull round - and the winner either increases or decreases Resistance in the state.\n\n- While in §YAction Phase§!, the ban from moving troops into Macedonia is lifted, but both sides remain hamstrung by massive debuffs to §YDivision Speed§!, §YAttack§! and §YAttrition§!, and for the first month of the Phase, IMRO has a grace period of greatly reduced §YOrg Damage§! and §YStrength Damage§!. If Resistance is low enough, Serbia may §Yinitiate an offensive§!, removing Macedonia's debuffs for the remainder of the phase and allowing the Serbian player to invade and take as many Provinces as they can in the timeframe. If all IMRO provinces are taken, the organisation is shattered and the rebellion ends. If Serbia fails to take all of the provinces in the timeframe, however, the offensive fails and the situation resets.\n\nDuring the rebellion, both Serbia and IMRO have access to focus trees with which they can impede the progress of their opponent.\n\nBeware - if Resistance reaches 100 percent or Skopje falls, §RMacedonia will be lost!§!\n
Current phase: §YLull§!
Current phase: §YAction§!
If the IMRO attacks §Ynorth§!, you will win this round. If the IMRO attacks §Ysouth§!, they will win this round.
If the IMRO attacks §Ysouth§!, you will win this round. If the IMRO attacks §Ynorth§!, they will win this round.
The round has been won by §YSerbia§!.
The round has been won by §YIMRO§!.
Lull Phase: §YRound [?IMRO_round_system]§!
Launch an Offensive
All negative modifiers on the Macedonia state will be removed.\n§YYou will have until the end of the Action Phase to take all IMRO-controlled provinces in Macedonia, or else the situation will reset!§!
Depending on the choices taken, Serbia or IMRO will win a round.
Lure in the North
The IMRO will be more likely to attack §Ynorth§! for 180 days.
Lure in the South
The IMRO will be more likely to attack §Ysouth§! for 180 days.
Has not chosen to lure IMRO forces recently
Spend a Double Agent
We have double agents left in the IMRO
One of our brave infiltrators within the IMRO will sacrifice themselves for the country and sabotage their efforts, §Ygiving us an automatic victory this round§!.\n\nThis decision may only be taken §Ythrice§!. It has been taken §Y[?SER_spent_double_agents]§! times
§YSerbian§! forces will be allowed to advance into §YMacedonia§!\n§RIMRO§! forces will begin their advance towards §YSkopje§!
The IMRO have defeated Serbian forces in Macedonia.
Integration of Macedonia
Southern Serbia was our prize from the war with Bulgaria - and the thousands of Serbs living in the South, even if they refuse to accept their new name, will be integrated into their homeland. This shall be the stepping stone for the creation of a greater Serbian nation, or even a union of the South Slavs - of course, unless we face unexpected resistance...
The time is right.
Macedonia in Flames
The population of Southern Serbia does not want to accept their liberators willingly. The IMRO has risen again, and will not rest until we are evicted from the Vardar Valley. To ensure their destruction, all possible tools must be put at our disposal.
Lure Their Forces
The Macedonian revolutionaries are monsters, but they are still human - and humans can be tricked. We can wage a war in the minds and trick their forces with lures, artificially weakened outposts, and false leads, to get them to strike exactly where we want, and where we will destroy them.
§YLure§! decisions will make the IMRO significantly more likely to take the chosen attack route.
Massive Retribution Strategy
The key to suppressing insurgencies is to ensure that the war they wage is too costly for them to continue. For every Serbian convoy attacked, we will burn a village, and let the IMRO know that the more damage they cause, the more needless bloodshed they will be forced to witness.
Successful rounds during §YLull Phase§! now count for §G2§! victories instead of 1.
Impose Martial Law
As the resistance in Macedonia spreads, we must not hold back any means to destroy them. For the duration, the entire region needs to be placed under strict military command, curfews need to be established across the region, and any opposition rooted out without hesitation.
Railroad Transport Groups
Rails and roads across Macedonia are a natural target for Macedonian terrorists - it is impossible to protect an entire rail track and disabling it disrupts communications severely. We can, however, minimise the damage, by creating armed military groups patrolling railroad tracks and boarding any trains in Macedonia to deter attacks.
Modify §YIMRO Rebellion§! by\nStrategic Redeployment Disabled: §GNo§!\n\n§YIMRO§!'s focus §YRailway Bombings§! will lose any effect.
Appoint Loyal Village Chiefs
We will not hold our ground in Macedonia solely through military might. We need to create a network of collaborators and establish new institutions which will work with the people and ensure that the silent majority does not resist us. The village and their chiefs, easy to appoint and remove, are a good place to start.
Modify §YIMRO Rebellion§! by\n$MODIFIER_NO_COMPLIANCE_GAIN$: §G$NO$§!
Double-Agent Network
Planting the right people in the right places can allow us to infiltrate the Macedonian revolutionaries and give us unprecedented insight into what their next move will be and exactly where we need to strike. The Konspiracija, if it is aligned with us, will certainly come of use here.
Map the Mountain Passes
To defeat the IMRO, we need to know exactly where and how we have to hit them. We need to know the terrain and the possible paths through it - and so, we need to put effort into mapping the region and providing all units stationed there with up-to-date maps.
Completing this focus will give us beneficial modifiers to §YArmy Speed§!, §YAttack§! and §YAttrition§! in Macedonia for the duration of the uprising.
Foster Internal IMRO Conflict
The IMRO is not a unitary entity, and numerous ideologies clash within it. While Mihajlov may be recognised as the leader of the organisation, other voivodes such as Aleksandar Protogerov, Todor Panitsa and Dimitar Vlahov vie for control inside it, and all we need to do is to put a little pressure to sharpen these splits.
Upon completing this focus, §YIMRO§! will be forced to take a 30-day wait after completing any focus, before being able to take a new one again.
Unable to take focus
Eye for an Eye, Assassin for Assassin
The Macedonian terrorists wage a campaign of terror, and we shall do the same. We will assassinate their agents, target their commanders, and do everything in our power to disintegrate the leadership of the organisation. If they want terror, they will get terror!
The Stray Dog War
The IMRO is not alone, and receives significant support from across the border - there, they have occupied the Pirin region in Bulgaria, and extort it to fund their misadventures. While we cannot access Pirin, our Greek friends can - and we can push them to incite a border conflict between them and Bulgaria, to evict the IMRO from their territory.
§YPlovdiv§!: Has Modifier: §YOccupation of Pirin Macedonia§!\n
Remove Modifier: §YOccupation of Pirin Macedonia§!\n
IMRO Focus Tree
The War of Liberation
Propaganda of the Deed
Target Their Commanders
Three of §Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s generals will receive the §YWounded§! trait.\n
Revolutionary Propaganda
Chaos and Disorder
Upon the completion of this focus, §Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be unable to take any focus in the §YMacedonia in Flames§! branch for 90 days. Ongoing foci will be cancelled.
You will be unable to take any focus in the §YMacedonia in Flames§! branch for 90 days. Ongoing foci will be cancelled.
The Macedonia focus branch is blocked.
Railway Bombings
Completing this focus will give §Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§! negative modifiers to §YArmy Speed§!, §YAttack§! and §YSupply§! in Macedonia for the duration of the uprising.
Crack Their Strategies
§Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s anti-partisan tactic of choice will be disabled.
One Step Ahead
§Y[SER.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be prevented from taking the foci §YLure Their Forces§! or §YMassive Retribution Strategy§!.
Occupy Pirin
As long as Pirin Macedonia is occupied, §Y[212.GetName]§! will have debuffs to available §YFactories§! and §YManpower§!, and every 14 days, 10 £rifle_texticon  Infantry Equipment will be transferred from §Y[BUL.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s stockpile.
Okružena No. 303
As long as Pirin Macedonia is occupied, every 14 days, you will gain an additional 5 £rifle_texticon  Infantry Equipment. This Equipment will not be discounted from §Y[BUL.GetNameWithFlag]§!'s stockpile.
Contacts Within Bulgaria
As long as Pirin Macedonia is occupied, every 14 days, you will gain 200 £manpower_texticon  Manpower.
Komitadžii Detachments
Levy Local Taxation
Establish Regimental Organisation
A Modern Missolonghi
Freedom or Death!
IMRO Mechanics: $VALUE|=-%0$
IMRO Mechanics: $VALUE|=-%0$
IMRO Rebellion: $VALUE|=-%0$
Chetnik Resistance: $VALUE|=-%0$
March to the Drina!
\nThe final confrontation between the Serbs and the Habsburg Empire approaches! However, our people and our general staff remember very well the last time such a war broke out. Under the weight of the Central Powers, we were crushed, and suffered the greatest humanitarian catastrophe in our history - hence, whatever we do, we must ensure that it does not happen again.\n\nThe good thing is that unlike during the Weltkrieg, we are able to §Yprepare in advance§! and draft a war plan which will ensure victory in the field.\n\nIn war planning against Austria, you are able to §Gflag§! a certain number of states in South Slavic territories which will be the focus of our operations and thus be infiltrated in advance. Completing further focuses in the focus tree will strengthen the effects of the §Y$SER_drina_plan_modifier$§! modifier, or allow us to spawn resistance in the targeted states and thus cause havoc behind enemy lines.\n\nYou can still flag [?SER_states_available_for_setting_plans|G0] enemy states for the operation.
View available state targets
Plan Operation in [From.GetName]
Has enough resources to flag new states
Upon war breaking out between Serbia and §Y[From.Owner.GetNameDef]§!, this state will gain the following effects:
Serbian War Planning
\nThis template will be §Rlocked§! and used to §Yspawn units in flagged [HUN.GetFlag][HUN.GetAdjective], [CRO.GetFlag][CRO.GetAdjective] or [AUS.GetFlag][AUS.GetAdjective] lands§! once we end up at war with them. Once §YYugoslavia has been formed§!, this template will be §Gunlocked§!.
Every flagged state will gain the following once war begins:
§RWarning: should §!§nKonspiracija control§! §Rget too high §!(§Lover §!§Y15%§!) §R we will be forced to concede to their Serb supremacist views and compromise on our future vision for Yugoslavia, thus forcing us to turn away from §!§YUnited States of Yugoslavia§! §Rand instead create the§! §YNation of Three Tribes§!
The Nation of the South Slavs
\nHej, Sloveni!\n\nAfter centuries of struggle, the Southern Slavs have finally been united into one, and the newly founded state of §YYugoslavia§! stands tall at last. It is a dream come true of Pan-Yugoslavism and the triumphant end of Serbia's role as the Piedmont of the South Slavs. Can we now rest and stand down in peace?\n\nAlas, much like our national anthem calls, §Rwe stand on the doorstep of gorges§!. Several nations, separated by hundreds of years of history, have been united into one, and it will take a long time to integrate all of them, especially as their interests oftentimes conflict with that of our own. The Croats, for example, were generally happy with their autonomy within the Austro-Hungarian Empire and see the Serbs as nothing but conquerors, whereas the Serbs believe that their role as the Piedmont of the South Slavs entitles them to a leading role in Yugoslavia as well.\n\nThe game will be based around 90-day rounds, during which the player's task is to spend §YPolitical Capital§! on the §YPatronage§! of each of the major ethnic groups in Yugoslavia. With the start of each round, each ethnic group generates a minimum of PC investment - investing above the limit will §Gimprove§! the relationship with them by a level, whereas failing to meet this limit will §Rworsen§! it by a level.\n\nComplete foci in the §YYugoslavia branch§! of your focus tree to gain benefits, and win the game by successfully completing the §YBrotherhood and Unity§! focus.\n\nWe currently have §G[?YUG_political_capital]§! Political Capital and we will gain §Y[?YUG_political_capital_gain]§! each turn. We can directly invest a maximum of 5 PC into a specific ethnic group, but foci and events may change this amount.\n\nThe current effects of Yugoslavia's major ethnic groups can be seen hovering over each nation's coat of arms below:
§R0§! Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
§O1§! Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
§Y2§! Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
§G3§! Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
§C4§! Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
[?YUG_pc_expenditure_serbia|B0] Political Capital is invested in §YSerbian§! Patronage.
§R0§! Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
§O1§! Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
§Y2§! Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
§G3§! Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
§C4§! Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
[?YUG_pc_expenditure_croatia|B0] Political Capital is invested in §YCroatian§! Patronage.
§R0§! Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
§O1§! Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
§Y2§! Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
§G3§! Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
§C4§! Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
[?YUG_pc_expenditure_bosnia|B0] Political Capital is invested in §YBosniak§! Patronage.
§R0§! Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
§O1§! Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
§Y2§! Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
§G3§! Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
§C4§! Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
[?YUG_pc_expenditure_slovenia|B0] Political Capital is invested in §YSlovene§! Patronage.
§R0§! Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
§O1§! Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
§Y2§! Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
§G3§! Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
§C4§! Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
[?YUG_pc_expenditure_other|B0] Political Capital is invested in §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.
Current Round
§Y1§! PC
§R1§! PC
§Y1§! Political Capital point will be spent on §YSerbian§! Patronage.\nCurrently, §YSerbs§! have §Y[?YUG_pc_expenditure_serbia]§! PC points invested.
§Y1§! Political Capital point will be spent on §YCroatian§! Patronage.\nCurrently, §YCroats§! have §Y[?YUG_pc_expenditure_croatia]§! PC points invested.
§Y1§! Political Capital point will be spent on §YBosniak§! Patronage.\nCurrently, §YBosniaks§! have §Y[?YUG_pc_expenditure_bosnia]§! PC points invested.
§Y1§! Political Capital point will be spent on §YSlovene§! Patronage.\nCurrently, §YSlovenes§! have §Y[?YUG_pc_expenditure_slovenia]§! PC points invested.
§Y1§! Political Capital point will be spent on §YOther Yugoslav§! Patronage.\nCurrently, §YOther Yugoslavs§! have §Y[?YUG_pc_expenditure_other]§! PC points invested.
§RWe cannot directly invest more than five points per turn into any specific group§!
£pol_idea Serbian Ethnic Relations
£pol_idea Croatian Ethnic Relations
£pol_idea Bosniak Ethnic Relations
£pol_idea Slovenian Ethnic Relations
£pol_idea Other Yugoslav Ethnic Relations
[SER_GetYugoTooltip_Serbia]
§YSerbs§!\n$SEPARATION_LINE$Our §YEthnic Relations§! with this group are Level §Y[?YUG_serbia_relations_level]/10§!, granting the following effects:\n    $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?YUG_serbia_political_power_factor|+=%0]\n    $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?YUG_serbia_war_support_factor|+=%]\n    $MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: [?YUG_serbia_army_org_factor|+=%1]
§gThe most numerous of the ethnicities in Yugoslavia, the Serbs have a proud history stretching from the Medieval times and see themselves as the natural leading people of the South Slavs. They commonly stress that they were the first to achieve independence, that they played the same role in Yugoslavia as Piedmont did in Italy and Prussia did in Germany, and that they were often the harbinger of progress and abolishers of serfdom in a dim and backwards region. While \
§[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Serbia][?YUG_serbia_pp_requirement]§!
This group demands [?YUG_serbia_pp_requirement|Y0] Political Capital in §YPatronage§! this turn.\n\nWe have invested §[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Serbia][?YUG_pc_expenditure_serbia]§! thus far.
[SER_GetYugoTooltip_Croatia]
§YCroats§!\n$SEPARATION_LINE$Our §YEthnic Relations§! with this group are Level §Y[?YUG_croatia_relations_level]/10§!, granting the following effects:\n    $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?YUG_croatia_political_power_factor|+=%0]\n    $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?YUG_croatia_stability_factor|+=%]\n    $MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_TOTAL_FACTOR$: [?YUG_croatia_conscription_factor|+=%0]
§gThe second most numerous of the ethnicities of Yugoslavia, the Croats dominate the regions of Slavonia, Dalmatia, and certain regions in Bosnia, and they are predominantly Catholic. The Kingdom of Croatia has existed continuously since the 900s and maintained its autonomy even under Hungarian and Habsburg rule, an autonomy which the Croats fiercely defend and will resist against any talks of unitarian structure coming from Belgrade. Though the bulk of Croatia's political establishment was satisfied with the formation of Illyria after the Weltkrieg, this is by no means a universal belief. There are Croats, especially in Dalmatia, who subscribe to the Yugoslav idea and see it as a way to defend Croatia from being partitioned by foreign powers, especially a resurgent Italy seeking to take over Dalmatia.§!
§[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Croatia][?YUG_croatia_pp_requirement]§!
This group demands [?YUG_croatia_pp_requirement|Y0] Political Capital in §YPatronage§! this turn.\n\nWe have invested §[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Croatia][?YUG_pc_expenditure_croatia]§! thus far.
[SER_GetYugoTooltip_Bosnia]
§YBosniaks§!\n$SEPARATION_LINE$Our §YEthnic Relations§! with this group are Level §Y[?YUG_bosnia_relations_level]/10§!, granting the following effects:\n    $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?YUG_bosnia_political_power_factor|+=%0]\n    $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?YUG_bosnia_stability_factor|+=%]\n    $MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: §Y[?YUG_bosnia_consumer_goods_factor|%1]§!
§gThough they are sometimes named \
§[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Bosnia][?YUG_bosnia_pp_requirement]§!
This group demands [?YUG_bosnia_pp_requirement|Y0] Political Capital in §YPatronage§! this turn.\n\nWe have invested §[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Bosnia][?YUG_pc_expenditure_bosnia]§! thus far.
[SER_GetYugoTooltip_Slovenia]
§YSlovenes§!\n$SEPARATION_LINE$Our §YEthnic Relations§! with this group are Level §Y[?YUG_slovenia_relations_level]/10§!, granting the following effects:\n    $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?YUG_slovenia_political_power_factor|+=%0]\n    $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?YUG_slovenia_stability_factor|+=%]\n    $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?YUG_slovenia_industrial_capacity_factory|+=%]
§gLiving in the northernmost regions of Yugoslavia, the Slovenes had been under the rule of the Holy Roman Empire, and later the Habsburgs, for almost a millennia, and yet never abandoned their language and culture. Linguistically and culturally, they are somewhat distant from the Serbs and Croats, and their position towards the Yugoslav project is one of concerned pragmatism. While not as proud of their autonomy as Croats, they nevertheless are concerned with their autonomy or lack thereof, and generally seek to play a kingmaker role in the National Assembly to extract concessions. They are also the most prosperous and modernised region of Yugoslavia, which serves as another issue - a concern that their wealth and prosperity will be taxed and funnelled to the impoverished south.§!
§[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Slovenia][?YUG_slovenia_pp_requirement]§!
This group demands [?YUG_slovenia_pp_requirement|Y0] Political Capital in §YPatronage§! this turn.\n\nWe have invested §[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Slovenia][?YUG_pc_expenditure_slovenia]§! thus far.
[SER_GetYugoTooltip_Other]
§YOther Yugoslavs§!\n$SEPARATION_LINE$Our §YEthnic Relations§! with this group are Level §Y[?YUG_other_relations_level]/10§!, granting the following effects:\n    $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?YUG_other_political_power_factor|+=%0]\n    $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?YUG_other_stability_factor|+=%]\n    $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?YUG_other_production_speed_buildings_factor|+=%]
§gCenturies of history and the mixing of ethnic groups have led to an extremely diverse ethno-linguistic landscape in Yugoslavia. Montenegrins and Macedonians generally see themselves as something different from the four largest nations, not even talking about the non-Slavic minorities. Of those, the Albanians in Kosovo are the most numerous, followed by Hungarians, Germans and Romanians in Vojvodina, Dalmatian Italians on the coast, and Jews dispersed across the nation's cities. Their interests and demands are as varied as they are themselves.§!
§[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Other][?YUG_other_pp_requirement]§!
This group demands [?YUG_other_pp_requirement|Y0] Political Capital in §YPatronage§! this turn.\n\nWe have invested §[SER_GetYugoPointTooltipColour_Other][?YUG_other_pp_requirement]§! thus far.
Reduce §YEthnic Relations§! with §YSerbs§! by §R[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Reduce §YEthnic Relations§! with §YCroats§! by §R[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Reduce §YEthnic Relations§! with §YBosniaks§! by §R[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Reduce §YEthnic Relations§! with §YSlovenes§! by §R[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Reduce §YEthnic Relations§! with §YOther Yugoslavs§! by §R[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! demand for §YCroats§! this turn is set to §G0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! demand for §YBosniaks§! this turn is set to §G0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! demand for §YOther Yugoslavs§! this turn is set to §G0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! investment for §YSerbs§! this turn is set to §R0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! investment for §YCroats§! this turn is set to §R0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! investment for §YBosniaks§! this turn is set to §R0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! investment for §YSlovenes§! this turn is set to §R0§!.\n
§YPolitical Capital§! investment for §YOther Yugoslavs§! this turn is set to §R0§!.\n
Improve §YEthnic Relations§! with §YSerbs§! by §G[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Improve §YEthnic Relations§! with §YCroats§! by §G[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Improve §YEthnic Relations§! with §YBosniaks§! by §G[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Improve §YEthnic Relations§! with §YSlovenes§! by §G[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Improve §YEthnic Relations§! with §YOther Yugoslavs§! by §G[?ethnic_situation]§! level.\n
Gain §G[?pp_gain]§! §YPolitical Capital§! this turn.\n
Lose §R[?pp_loss]§! §YPolitical Capital§! this turn.\n
Increase §YPolitical Capital§! gain per turn by §G[?gained_pp_per_turn]§!.\n
Decrease §YPolitical Capital§! gain per turn by §R[?gained_pp_per_turn]§!.\n
Increase §YPolitical Capital§! demand for §YSerbs§! this turn by §R[?added_need]§!.\n
Decrease §YPolitical Capital§! demand for §YSerbs§! this turn by §G[?added_need]§!.\n
The maximum §YPolitical Capital§! demand by each Ethnic Group will be reduced by §Gone§!.\nSignificantly reduces average level of §YPolitical Capital§! demand per Ethnic Group.\n
Significantly reduces average level of §YBosniak Political Capital§! demand per turn.\n
Add §G2§! §YPolitical Capital§! investment for all Ethnic Groups this turn.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to redraw internal borders of Yugoslavia, alleviating ethnic tensions.
Reform Internal Borders in [FROM.GetName]
Ethnic groups in Yugoslavia are distributed problematically, intermixed in regions claimed by multiple sides, with no solution which can satisfy everyone. We can, however, alleviate some of the most problematic concerns by redrawing borders and ensuring that as many citizens as possible have a local government which represents their ethnicity.
Anti-Nationalist Campaign in [FROM.GetName]
There are separatists still festering in the region, and a show of force from our internal security services will ensure that they vanish! These nationalists are the opponents of the Balkan socialist project and shall be dealt with appropriately.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to root out bourgeois nationalism, allowing us to convert §YPolitical Capital§! spending towards a specific ethnic group into additional §YPC§! gain per turn.
Anti-Tribalism Campaign in [FROM.GetName]
Separatist sentiment which refutes the singular Yugoslav nation is still festering in this region. With public propaganda and arrests of separatist politicians, we can ensure that the opposition to the Integral Yugoslavist ideology is broken.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to combat opposition to the Integral Yugoslavist project, allowing us to trade §YPolitical Capital§! monthly gain for large §YEthnic Relations§! boosts.
Economic Centralisation in [FROM.GetName]
The economic activity in [FROM.GetName] is still largely autonomous from the government in Belgrade - but by appointing loyal administrators and centralising the political affairs of the state in Belgrade, we can ensure that its economy is fully connected to the greater Yugoslavian economic network.
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to spend §YPolitical Capital§! on centralising the state and the economy to gain §YCivilian Factories§!.
Significantly increases average level of §YCroatian Political Capital§! demand per turn.\n
The negative effects of §YORJUNA§! will no longer apply.
Massively increases average level of §YCroatian Political Capital§! demand per turn.\n
All Ethnic Groups are at §YRelations Level 10§!.
All Ethnic Groups are at least §YRelations Level 9§!.
All Ethnic Groups are at least §YRelations Level 8§!.
Bosniaks are at least §YRelations Level 9§!.
The §YNation of the South Slavs§! mechanic is disabled.\nAll current Ethnic Relations positive modifiers are retained.\n
Rural Economic Development
Rural Credit Grants in [FROM.GetName]
Purchase the HMS Lion
Join [FROM.GetFactionName]
Topple the Regime in [FROM.GetNameWithFlag]
Spread Socialism to [FROM.GetNameWithFlag]
Invade Southern Macedonia
Subjugate Albania
Subjugate Bulgaria
Invade the Littoral States
Declare Readiness for War
§RSerbia will prepare to attack Austria. We must be ready for war.§!
The Road to Unification
In vain threatens the abyss of Hell! In vain the fire of thunder!\nLet the stone crack, the oak break, let the earth quake!\nThere lives, there lives the Slavic spirit, it will live for ages!\n\n§YThis Decision Category will be updated with invasion decisions as the Road to Unification develops.§!
Attack [AUS.GetNameDef]
[SER.GetName]'s control over Macedonia has been consolidated
Form Yugoslavia
The Dušan Proclamation
Balkan Research Initiative
Form the Pact of Organisation
As part of our desire to deepen ties with our allies and to improve the economic situation of the entire Balkan region, we can propose the formation of an economic union. An Economic Council will be formed to direct it, consisting of trade and financial experts from its member states, which will advise the Belgrade Pact's leaders. The more members agree, the stronger the benefits will be.
Deepen Economic Ties
Thus far, the economic union is proving to be very beneficial for all its members, and we are in a position to improve it further by enacting new policies suggested by the Economic Council.
Apply to the Pact of Organisation
We missed out on the original creation of the Pact of Organisation because of war, but now that peace has returned, we can apply to the organisation yet again.
Help [BUL.GetName] Close the Gap
The dream of the South Slavs has been realised with the formation of Yugoslavia. Yet, we must not forget our friends, especially [BUL.GetName]. Though they were our adversaries in the Fourth Balkan War only a few years ago, they have since turned the page, burying the hatchet and joining the Belgrade Pact. As the leader of the Pact, it is our duty to ensure their stability and prosperity, paving the path for a lasting peace in the Balkans.
Already in contact with a faction
The election of 1936 has concluded
The boldness of the Konspiracija has been curbed
Founded the Belgrade Pact
The Fourth Balkan War has started
§RAll members of the Belgrade Pact will declare war on us within the month!§!
§RSerbia will declare war on Austria within two weeks, and we will be prompted to do the same.§!
Replace §H$SER_russian_aerial_expertise$§! and §H$SER_local_designs_idea$§! with §H$SER_airforce_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_ATTACK_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_AGILITY_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]
Replace §H$SER_french_aerial_expertise$§! and §H$SER_local_designs_idea$§! with §H$SER_airforce_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_ATTACK_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]\n$MODIFIER_INTERCEPTION_AGILITY_FACTOR$: [?0.1|+=%]
Has reduced the effects of national spirit §H$SER_black_monday$§!
Visit the §YDecisions§! tab to read about Election mechanics and the current situation.
Create Faction: §YBelgrade Pact§!.\nUnlock decisions to invite §YRomania§! and §YGreece§! into the Pact.
Has founded §HYugoslavia§!
Has not founded §HYugoslavia§!
A maximum of §Hseven§! foci may be taken to define the Regency and its approach.
§HMilitary Purges§! will be removed in 180 days.
§YPetar II§! will receive a Trait if this focus is completed before he reaches adulthood.
Fulfils the requirements for the National Focus §HThe Belgrade-Salonica Railway§!
§RThe restoration of the monarchy will not be taken kindly by our republican Yugoslavist allies in Bulgaria§!
Pickaxe to the Future
The political ideology of the Serbian Republican Party, built upon the philosophy of Ljubomir Stojanović, calls for a reformist democracy built upon morality and the abolition of privilege, whether it be wealth, nobility or sex. Though aware of the reality of the nation they work in, the Republicans have always seen themselves as \
National Council for Democracy
Serbian democracy may appear prosperous, but it walks a fine line between prosperity and a military coup. Who's to say that the Konspiracija will not remove us from power much like they removed King Aleksandar? The Nacionalno veće za demokratiju shall serve as a semi-secret party council to search for ways how to stem their influence.
The Republican Guard
To ensure the defence of the Serbian republic and revolutionary ideals, we need to establish an official national guard, made up of patriotic civilians and soldiers. This paramilitary organisation will ensure that the democratic process is protected and will be the first to fight against any coup attempt.
Promote Young Officers
While we cannot fully control the Serbian Army, there are still a few things we can do to whip it in line - and there are plenty of loyal and ideologically complacent lower officers who have no ties to Konspiracija and will be glad to fill up roles vacated by old generals.
Sway Chetnik Associations
The Chetniks, organised into paramilitary associations, have historically been no fans of republicanism or democracy - however, even they can be swayed, attracted by promises of support against the intimidating secret society in the Serbian Army, and thus at least made neutral on the whole affair.
Modernise Local Governance
Not everything needs to be decided in Belgrade - we need to hold trust in elected, respected authorities in the regions and local parishes to make decisions relevant for their people. We merely need to modernise this local administrative apparatus and clean it of harmful graft and clientelism.
Combat Public Service Corruption
Corruption in the public service acts like a friction force in government work - it takes up resources, it makes government operations slow and the government untrustworthy... not to mention that it is simply immoral. Through examination and audits, however, we can catch all of the worst offenders.
Establish SUZOR
The Central Office for the Insurance of Workers (Središnji ured za osiguranje radnika, SUZOR) was envisioned as an institution for the centralised implementation of social insurance across Serbia - and now it can finally be put into place.
Promote Workplace Democracy
Democracy must be a part of daily life not just in politics, but in the workplace as well - we need to endorse the cause of labour unions and foster the creation of communal, worker-owned businesses, both to rejuvenate the economy and to ensure that the common people get their share.
Progressive Taxation
There is no reason for a lowly worker and a businessman to be taxed the same - the former can barely live on the few dinars he keeps, while the latter still has millions in the bank even after taxes. We need to levy more taxes upon the wealthy, and so enforce a just redistribution of the wealth.
Liberation of the Woman
The Constitution of 1926 granted Serbian women the right to vote, but plenty of hurdles still remain before we can consider them to be truly equal with men. We are all humans with equal capabilities, and so we cannot be hamstrung by outdated traditions!
Strengthen Presidential Powers
The Republican Party has historically stood in favour of stronger presidentialism, and the United States of America, with its combination of federal decentralisation and strong executive leadership, has been their inspiration for the form of government of a South Slavic state. Let us pass the legislation to empower the Serbian executive in preparation!
Harmony of the Classes
There is no need for class conflict when we can successfully erase the reasons for this conflict - corruption, injustice and exploitation. In our ideal Serbia, all of these flaws shall be eradicated and a harmonious, liberal democracy created, one which shall last for generations and become a beacon of liberty in the Balkans!
The Montenegrin Experiment
Our idea for South Slavic unity is a democratic federation, styled after the United States. To prove the potency of our political programme, we can start with our lowly Serbia - granting autonomous status for Montenegro and allowing it to prosper with a locally elected legislature. If it succeeds, we can present it to all of Europe as a success story.
Consolidate the Popular Front
From our position in the centre, we have chosen to throw our lot with the left. The Republicans and Socialists share several key stances - our common belief in the prosperity of the common man and in progressive reforms. Let us build a Serbia of the future, together!
Socialist SUZOR Insurance
The Central Office for the Insurance of Workers (Središnji ured za osiguranje radnika, SUZOR) was envisioned as an institution for the centralised implementation of social insurance across Serbia - and now it can finally be put into place.
Pardon Communist Revolutionaries
The Communists were one of the few who waged an active armed resistance against King Aleksandar II's regime, especially in Montenegro, where Vukašin Marković's guerrillas terrorised the mountains before retreating to Albania. As suspicious as they may be, with the advice of the Socialist coalition partners, we should finally extend pardons to them.
National Trade Union Council
Organised labour must have a say in governance and our socialist allies demand it. We shall establish an official council of trade union representatives which shall provide us advice on all economic legislation and defend the rights of the workers in high government.
Consolidate the Unity Government
From our position in the centre, we have chosen to throw our lot with the right. The Republicans and Radicals have joined forces to defend the republic from radicals on the left and on the right. While we will have to make a few concessions to the Radicals, it is our policy which shall prevail!
Foster Serbdom
The People's Radical Party is staunchly a Serbian party, to the point where some accuse it of fostering the Greater Serbia concept, as opposed to the Yugoslavism prevalent in Serbia. Whether it is true or not, the goal of our coalition is to renew Serbian pride and prepare Serbs for the war to come!
Further Agricultural Mechanisation
The peasantry is the core of the Serbian nation, and we must enrich them to enrich all of Serbia. We need to continue providing them with modern machinery and modernise land ownership in the countryside to increase yearly crop yields.
Free the Serbian Economy
Serbia will only be as prosperous as it is open to the world. We must reduce tariffs and make ourselves open to investment from foreign lands, for the good of us and the Serbian people.
The National People's Vanguard
We, the People's Radical Party, have always been the natural party of governance for the Serbs. Our leaders guide us not with false idols imported from the West, but with a native grown, rural democracy, and our members dedicate their lives solely to the Serbian nation. And now, it is time for us to reclaim what is ours.
Attachment to the Land
You can take the Serb away from his land, but you can never take his attachment to the land away from the Serb. For millennia, the Serbian people prospered in rural village communes, and we need to do everything in our power to make sure this prosperity continues into the future.
Guide the Economic Process
Opposed to the exploitative nature of unregulated capitalism, the Radicals have generally called for reform to support the Serbian worker and farmer in an international environment. Stojadinović's brilliant thought has developed this into a policy of economic corporatism - the integration of Serbian business into state policy and guidance of the economy.
Rural Democracy
Democracy in Serbia is homegrown, based upon a tradition of rural communalism, rather than imported from the West. We must do everything in our power to allow these democratic roots to foster, and thus imbue the entire nation with trust in their community.
The Sarez
The People's Radical Party and the Agrarians have worked together ever since the Agrarian Party's inception, our parties share many key tenets and a mutual focus on the peasantry. Let us waste no time and join forces at once, we are stronger together!
The State of National Consolidation
The geopolitical situation Serbia has found itself in calls for a massive reconsideration of our internal policies. We have to collectively understand that we will only be able to achieve the Yugoslavian dream with a full mobilisation of all of Serbia's assets. A breach of democracy, but a temporary and necessary one.
Organise the Greenshirts
Though they have existed for a few years already, the Greenshirts, Milan Stojadinović's personal armed paramilitary, can only grow stronger, and we can even claim that the needs of the State of National Consolidation require an armed citizenry to pretend that everything checks out.
Build the Party-State
The People's Radical Party follows a fanatical approach to politics - ever since its foundation, party members swear to dedicate their entire lives to the Party, and their regional headquarters are to be their second home. Pašić doubtlessly sought a merger of the Party and the Serbian state, and we shall complete it, turning the Sarez into an all-encompassing political machine.
Study Legionary Tactics
The Legionaries in Romania are a new type of movement. They are not merely a dictatorship, they are a movement of national renewal, and push for a far more dynamic approach to politics. The art of mass politics, deeds above words, and the political spectacle can be a powerful tool if wielded by us - and Stojadinović will be sure to adopt it for the Radicals.
Three Year Plan
While Stojadinović's original idea called for a six year plan stretching into the 1940s to develop a solid mining-industrial base in Serbia, we simply do not have the time for it. Deadlines will need to be rushed and goals reduced, all with the aim of preparing Serbia for the wars ahead.
Pass Populist Policies
We need to gain the trust of the people to remain in power as long as possible. Highly publicised reforms to social security and labour relations, presented as stemming from the people rather than the establishment, will go a long way in earning the trust of the majority.
Mediatisation of Politics
Times are changing. New technologies such as radio and television threaten to change the way how politics are conducted, forever. We can use this to our advantage. Let every Serbian home hear the President's voice on the radio, let a massive stream of information reach their eyes and ears, and indoctrinate them in who they should support!
Class Unity, Not Class Warfare
Socialism is incompatible with the needs of Serbia, it calls for a war between classes instead of cooperation in the name of a greater good. We began the Regime of National Consolidation working with their ranks, but those who cannot assimilate into the Sarez will have to be evicted from the council.
Wage War Against Unemployment
In preparation for our national reclamation, we must make sure that every Serbian man and woman have their place in society. Everyone needs to work in the name of the state, be it at factories, at farms, or in the military.
Fan Nationalist Fervour
For years, our nation has been outcast and regretted their past deeds, but from here on out, it is time for us to rise!\nStojadinović, lead your Serbs! Let them all see that they're not afraid of anyone!
Above Pašić, Above Karađorđe!
Without Stojadinović, there would be no new Serbia! While we still pay lip service to the SONU, our foolish \
Court for the Protection of the State
The Republicans and the Socialists have chosen to break with the state instead of cooperating with the President - and so, it has become clear that they are full of traitors. In response, we shall establish a Court for the Protection of the State, a supreme unquestioned authority appointed by the President which will ensure that such betrayal will not go unpunished.
The Final Step?
The state and society are now at the President's fingertips, and only one thing is left to do - to decide where we shall steer the course of the Serbian ship from here on out. With a controlled, defanged opposition, and an army which has long since learned who the real chief in Belgrade is, nothing can stop us now.
§YThe Konspiracija§! will be curtailed and its §YPolitical Power§! loss will be §Ghalved§!.
Retain the Course of History
For decades, the People's Radical Party has fought for democracy and freedom to the Serbian people. We cannot turn away from this heritage now. Even in a Republic, we fight for the people, even in total war, we must champion the light of freedom.
The Pašic Cult
Nikola Pašić, one of the longest-serving Prime Ministers in Serbian history, is a figure worthy of the greatest celebration. Without him and his revolution, there would be no modern Serbia, and we would languish under the tyrant Obrenović dynasty to this day. All of Serbia must remember that.
Land Value Taxation
A proposal from the West offers to ensure equity in the countryside - reform under the basis of land value taxation, levying more taxes from those who own a lot of land and a small fraction from those who own little. To prevent the rise of massive agribusiness, it will be a good start.
Censor Socialist Publications
Socialism, Syndicalism, Communism, no matter the name, is a plague upon the Earth, defying national struggle in favour of meagre class concerns. Before this scourge weakens the strength of the Serbian polity, we must do everything in our power to keep them silent.
Tripartite Council on Economic Affairs
To ensure that the government's policy benefits everyone, not just one specific social class, we must establish a tripartite council between the government, the business and the labourers, allowing us to hear out everyone's concerns and make the right decisions in economic affairs.
Maintain the Anti-Socialist Front
From our position in the centre, we have chosen to throw our lot with the left. The Republicans and Radicals have joined forces to defend the republic from extremes on the left and on the right. While we will have to make a few concessions to the Republicans, it is our policy which shall prevail!
Veneration of the Revolution
We, the children of the First and the Second Serbian Revolutions, must never forget that it was the drive for freedom which brought us here, and that the freedom is worthy of the greatest protection. Živela Srbija, živela republika!
Liberation of the Woman
The Republicans call for the liberation of the sexes, stating that women are no lesser than men when it comes to their capabilities and potential, and so the government should fight deep-rooted beliefs restraining them to traditional roles. While we cannot agree to this assessment, we can certainly make overtures in this field to satisfy our coalition.
Break up Monopolies
The need for a more just economic system is something the Radicals and Republicans agree upon, and there are many businesses and corporations which do not follow regulations or are controlled by foreign capital. They need to be broken up, key assets must be seized, and a more competitive economy established.
The Great Union
For a decade, the urbanite leftists of the Republicans and Socialists have led Serbia - but they could not remain there forever, and at last, we and the Agrarians have returned to restore normalcy. And we have a lot of work to do.
Integrate Monarchist Parties
Despite the victory of the Serbian Revolution, monarchists remain in the Skupština, huddled up in minor Democratic State Party and Buđenje parties - however, they still hold some seats, and they would likely be able to work with us.
Expand Farm-to-City Connections
A lot of production and efficiency in the countryside are lost because of lacking connections between villages and major cities. With wide-scale public works expanding the road network and repairing the most poorly maintained ones, much of this efficiency can be regained.
Further Agricultural Mechanisation
The peasantry is the core of the Serbian nation, and we must enrich them to enrich all of Serbia. We need to continue providing them with modern machinery and modernise land ownership in the countryside to increase yearly crop yields.
Victory for the People
Against all odds, the Socialist Workers' Party has prevailed in the election of 1936 and gained a popular mandate for sweeping changes to the Serbian political system. Though our enemies are numerous, we shall weather the storm and bring the light of socialism!
Rule from Hotel Slavija
The Skupština, filled with reactionaries of various flavours, will undoubtedly oppose our ultimate goal of revolution. Prolonged debates in the legislature may cause our coalition members to change their minds, too. In response, we shall make decisions on major policy in the SRP party conference in advance, and only use the Skupština to enforce them.
Rehabilitate the Centrumaši
In the early 1920s, we broke with the moderate wing of the party, the Centrumaši, who went on to form the Socialist Party. Now that tensions between us have eased somewhat, let us propose a restoration of the united SRP and regain our lost members!
Sway Radical Republicans
The Republican Party is divided among many ideological currents, and the radicals among them are fairly left-wing, albeit not openly socialist. Let us sway them to our ranks and further build our power share.
Integrate Nationalist Rhetoric
As internationalist as we may be, Serbia's political situation requires us to appeal to patriotic feelings. Let us spread rhetoric that we shall defend the interests of the Serbian nation and restore its lost territories, just with a socialist bent - and win over necessary support.
The Legacy of Svetozar Markovic
Called the Serbian Nikolay Dobrolyubov, Svetozar Marković was the first true socialist philosopher in the Balkans, with a programme of social change that resonated with many in his time. As some say, all of us in Serbia who are democrats or socialists learned the political ABC's from Marković. If we remind the people that we truly stand for his legacy, they will give us a second chance to prove ourselves.
Prakticni Akcioni Program
While our ultimate goal is an inevitable revolution, we have a programme of Practical Action which details what social reforms we will accomplish immediately upon taking power, before the critical mass for a revolution is achieved. It is about time we began implementing it.
Nationwide SUZOR Coverage
The Republicans and Socialists have been mulling over proposals of healthcare coverage already, but we will not be satisfied with their half-measures. We shall ensure that everyone in Serbia has a right to free and affordable healthcare!
Democratise the Courts and Bureaucracy
Court and bureaucratic appointments are rife with corruption and clientelism, and they do not represent the interests of the people. Our Programme calls for the democratisation of these appointments, and so we shall make as many positions as we can electable.
Renew the Serbian Avant-Garde
Started by the Serbian Revolution, the Avant-garde in Serbia has begun to wane - many of their writers and poets are ardent socialists, however, and so we can gain a lot if we rejuvenate the movement, and ensure that it lasts for long.
Consolidate the Taxation System
Various taxations, levies and other financial burdens have been laid upon the Serbian poor, all seeking to take advantage of their situation and collect more taxation from the poor rather than the rich. We shall curb these excesses, abolish unnecessary taxes, and create one progressive income tax instead - which will yield more revenue and tax the rich more harshly.
State Appropriations
We need to dismantle monopolies and appropriate companies which violate laws and regulations - which, as we are responsible for the laws and regulations, can mean a lot of people. These industries shall be nationalised and put under much better management - one for the workers, not for exploitation.
Foster the Young Guard Clique
There are many junior officers within the Serbian Army who do not approve of the reaction of their superiors - and while they may not necessarily be socialists, they could work with us as long as we discreetly support them. Let us get a clique of loyal men in the Serbian Army, for when the times call for it!
Escalate the Class War
We should not rest when the bourgeois, reactionaries and Codreanites still control the Serbian state from the shadows! We need to out traitors, threaten traitors, and arrest traitors, one after another! Keep the allegations sensible for now, however - when we take power, we can root out the rot completely.
The Third Revolution
Four million people languish, suppressed by the brutish system of capitalism. Four million people will be freed, once we make the final step towards a true socialist state. All the pieces have been set in place, and only the call of the Vanguard Party stands between Serbia and the Third Revolution.
All three missions in the §HDefending the Revolution§! category have been completed.
With a self-coup, we shall overthrow the last vestiges of the capitalist state and proclaim a new path for Serbia.\nNew focuses will be unlocked.
Establish the Territorial Defence
The past has taught us that we cannot allow the army to be the only armed force on our soil, lest it takes action against us. The Territorial Defence shall be an official armed paramilitary of the revolutionary Serbian republic, and it will not only defend us from our enemies, but it will also ensure that the army is strictly ideologically controlled!
Promotion Frenzy
The purges of the past have drained the officer ranks of our army. It is time for us to finally give our due to the junior officers who supported us, and granted commanding roles to returning veteran revolutionaries as well.
Political Commissars
To ensure the loyalty of the new Serbian Army, all military units must be provided with political commissars. The goal of these officers is to make sure that the orders and actions of military units follow ideological goals, and grant us a backbone among the military ranks with which we can prevent rebellion.
Follow the Syndicalist Example
The Western Syndicalists have established a form of sustainable socialism which we will easily be able to adopt for use in the Balkans. Though we are not as industrialised, we can nevertheless follow the path of union primacy, worker-owned businesses and federalism to create a powerful, efficient socialist economy.
This path shall focus on concentration of resources in existing factories and modernisation along Western syndicalist lines, leading to a smaller, but more powerful industry.
Serbia's Unique Path
We are the torch of revolution in the Balkans, and because of our unique challenges, we need to follow a unique path as well. Our priorities shall be dual - to build up an industrial base as fast as possible, and to do it via worker self-management, which will allow state-owned factories to innovate while avoiding the pitfalls of wage slavery.
This path shall focus on rapid industrialisation and expansion of new, worker-owned factories, inflating the size of our industry.
The effect of this focus will depend on your choice between the §YFollow the Syndicalist Example§! and §YSerbia's Unique Path§! foci.
Land Collectivisation
We cannot allow land ownership to concentrate in the hands of private capital. Land shall be expropriated and collective farms established, which shall wield a large base of peasant labour to produce much more than small, individual farms.
Youth Work Brigades
The backbone of new industrial Serbian socialism shall be built with the sweat of our youth. They need to be integrated into socialist society from an early age - high schoolers and students shall be drafted into work actions and spend their time building roads and railways, gaining valuable experience and finding comrades along the way!
Transfer Industries to Their Workers
There shall be no exploitation, wage slavery, or bourgeoisie! Businesses shall be seized and returned to the workers which toil in them, state industries shall be established, and the wheels of the economy now turned by the interests of the people, not the wealthy few!
Institute Mandatory Union Membership
Divided between various trades, the workers of Serbia will be unable to defend their rights and organise. Following the examples of the CGT and the TUC, we shall unify all trade unions in Serbia into one organ - which just so happens to be controlled by the Socialist Workers' Party. Membership shall be mandatory.
Dreams of an Industrial Powerhouse
We do not have infinite time. We need to become a modern, industrial economy, surpass our fellow Balkan states, and join the ranks of advanced socialist states - what the bourgeoisie achieved in fifty years, we shall accomplish in five!
Ideological Indoctrination
A socialist society can hardly survive when there are so many people who still do not believe in its ideas. As our cause is innately right and sound, we shall tutor those who do not see it that way, and teach them to accept the cause of socialism. There is so much that schools, propaganda, and arrests can achieve.
OZNA
The defence of the revolution requires an organised response, which the Department for People's Protection will be able to provide. It shall be granted wide-reaching powers, notably the right to make decisions on free evaluation, regardless of the testimonies provided, and so lay its judgment faster than any bureaucratic rot. It shall be our judge, jury and executioner.
Socialist Realism
Art must serve ideological ideals, and so we shall ensure that artists and playwrights make the sort of content which will further the cause of socialism. They shall present socialism as a bright tomorrow and will not engage in unnecessary degeneracy.
Maintain Freedom of Expression
There is no reason to censor art or make it toe the party line. As long as the creative community does not openly speak out against socialism, they are free to express themselves in any way they want - and we should be proud of having this freedom.
Hunt the Escapades
We couldn't catch every reactionary during the Revolution - those who escaped our grasp have crossed the border and ended up in exile, where they plot our downfall and criticise our government. However, emigration is merely an illusion of safety. Our agents shall hunt them in the apartments of Berlin and the streets of Bucharest, and bring their scalps back to the Fatherland!
Anti-Republican Crackdown
We shall grant no quarter to the despised Republicans and Socialists. Every single one of them we catch will receive their due - the highest ranking traitors shall enjoy a death sentence, their underlings shall rot in jail, and the population will learn to fear a regime of terror!
Rehabilitate Apolitical Officers
Not all the officers in the Konspiracija were devout republicans, some jumped ship when they realised a Royalist restoration is imminent, and should be awarded greatly. The military will be one of our few bases of support leading up to the Restoration, and should be pacified.
A Grand Monarchist Coalition
Not all the politicians in the Republican interregnum were traitors. Some were monarchists like us, forced to adapt to the harsh conditions and left on the fringe of politics. We can rehabilitate them and integrate them into our government - our goal is the same, the return of the Karađorđevićs.
The Dictatorship of November 6th
The White Hand and their allies shall serve as regents until Petar II comes of age. When he does, he will be able to guide the nation according to his whim - but until that happens, we shall do whatever we desire. There is a lot of justice to be served and a lot of punishment to be done until then.
Unto All Traitors
The Serbian Army and society are infested with traitorous thoughts, and many in the Regency remember the suffering they caused. The White Hand were forced to act in secret, hide from the Konspiracija and their assassins - and now, they can have their sweet, sweet revenge. Let no injustice be unpunished and no holds be barred!
Royal Tours
The King is nearing maturity and his people need to know him more closely. We shall make a series of trips across the countryside, tour cities and villages alike, introduce Petar II to the populace and the elite, and instil their trust in their beloved monarch.
Enshrine Military Dominance
The Serbian Army are the saviours of monarchism and shall guide us forevermore! Let us ensure that military officers routinely hold political positions and sway the government in their favour, and thus empower them as the guardian angels of the Serbian people!
Absorb Secret Army Societies
The Serbian Army is rife with various secret societies, each with their own plots - they can be integrated into the White Hand one way or another, however, to ensure that our control over the military is absolute. We shall not suffer another 1926.
Foster Cooperation of the Elite
The higher-ups of Serbian society are smart enough to know that we will stay in power for long, and have offered us a peace branch. Let us create a thick web of clientelist contacts across the Kingdom and ensure that the elite and the wealthy are by our side!
God, King, Fatherland
The trinity of God, King, and Fatherland has guided the Kingdom of Serbia before, and we shall restore it to its rightful place again. The Serbian Orthodox Church will love to endorse us, and relying upon the faith shall win many supporters over to our side.
Militaristic Corporatism
We must control the forces of the economy to ensure that they benefit the Army and its supporters before anyone else. The elite and the wealthy who have backed our regime will grant us their due, this symbiotic relationship shall benefit both sides.
Centralise the Regent's Power
When the King assumes his throne, he will be able to lead Serbia as he sees fit. However, why not ensure that when the day comes, it will be our officials he picks as his most trusted advisors? If we empower the Regent and his clique, he shall appoint the right officials for the King to listen to and receive guidance from, consolidating our position for decades.
National Regeneration
Merely restoring the Royal family is not enough. We must build an ideal, regenerated state, which follows the order of nature once again and turns the power of the monarchy total. We are not merely reactionaries - we are revolutionaries, national revolutionaries, and we will build a new Serbian monarchy upon the ashes of the Republic.
United Active Labour Organisation
We cannot completely ignore the industry and progress - however, we shall ensure that the workers have a nationalist organisation to guide their efforts. The United Active Labour Organisation shall serve this role, creating a force of the frustrated masses out of the urban workers which shall propel us forth!
Zadruga Idolatry
The Serbian nation shall no longer be poisoned by the ideas of socialism, individualism and modernism! Our home is the village, and the zadruga community - here, in the idyllic countryside, where the rulers rule and the subjects serve, where solidarity prospers, we will found a new Serbia!
Domaćinstvo
The King must not be merely absolute. The King must be the second authority to God himself and God's viceroy on Earth. No creativity is possible without Him, the Domaćin, and everything in society must be dedicated solely to Him. Ruling with benevolence, advised by the leaders of the zadruga, He shall bring glory to Serbia.
Establish the White Eagles
The national revival needs to take a hold of the youth as well. We shall establish the White Eagles, a mass youth movement modelled after the successes of our Romanian comrades, which shall involve the active Serbian youth into a machine of propaganda, militarisation and violence!
The Ljotić Constitution
Minister Dimitrije Ljotić has drafted a proposal for a Royal constitution - a document which shall establish Serbia as a corporatist non-parliamentary monarchy based upon the mobilisation of popular forces and professional organisations accountable to the King. We should endorse this document as the future of the Kingdom of Serbia!
The March Conspiracy
The Živković regency and its inner circle can no longer be tolerated - with a swift strike, the old guard of the White Hand has been sidelined and King Petar II has been granted all the powers of his position! Under our guidance, Serbia can become a constitutional monarchy once again!
From Republicans to Constitutionalists
We have to recognise that our commitment to republicanism cannot be trumped by the chance to better the lives of our people. Organised into the Democratic Party, we shall accept the new monarchist order and work with it in order to establish a fair and just constitutional state.
Sway the Radical Nationalists
The radical monarchist wing are surely our greatest enemies - however, there are those among their ranks who simply wish for a revival of Serbian culture and nationality, though with violent means. It is a stretch, but we need to gain some favour from the former monarchists, the White Hand are unacceptable to us, and both us and the radicals hate the decrepit elite, so...
Untangle the Corporatist Web
In their few years of rule, the Radical Peasants' Democracy created a system of clientelism and corruption, fostering connections with the Serbian elite in order to gain their favour. We need to curb this web and establish a fairer economic system which will benefit the common man, not the entrepreneur.
Progress of the Sexes
The Republican Constitution of 1926 granted Serbian women the right to vote, and the constitutionalist Kingdom has kept it, but plenty of hurdles still remain before we can consider them to be truly equal with men. We are all humans with equal capabilities, and so we cannot be hamstrung by outdated traditions!
The Immortal Radical Party
A mere coup and a dictatorship cannot kill the People's Radical Party! We have once again endured suppression and our party members defecting to the SRSD, but we have survived and shall return to our role as the natural party of government of the Serbs.
Pardon the White Hand
The White Hand may have taken over Serbia in a bloody coup, but they are still Serbian patriots. Plus, they would much better off be our allies rather than an insidious threat plotting a counter-coup. Let us extend our hand towards them and craft an alliance with the monarchists.
Rural Outreach
You can take the Serb away from his land, but you can never take his attachment to the land away from the Serb. For millennia, the Serbian people prospered in rural village communes, and we need to do everything in our power to make sure this prosperity continues into the future.
Faith and Nationality
The Serbian Orthodox Church should be the backbone of our ideology, and we should get high ranking clergymen to bless our constitutional regime in order to gain the favour of the people.
Bestow a Constitution
The people of Serbia yearn for liberty and freedom, and we shall finally give it to them. Our scholars shall draft a modernised version of the Constitution of 1903 and the King shall promulgate it, establishing an official separation of powers, universal suffrage, and the rights of man.
Rural Credit Banks
Simply put, credit is lacking in rural areas, often concentrated in urban areas instead. Rural credit banks are a growing presence in agrarian countries and Serbia is no exception. These banking systems, created to give poor peasants access to much-needed financial support and credit, will help grow rural economies.
Regional Tractor Stations
In the modern day and age, hand tools and ploughs are being replaced by tractors and machines. If Serbia is to become a modern, advanced economy, it needs to have more of the latter, less of the former. Let us establish a system of leasing and borrowing state-owned tractors to improve agrarian productivity!
Immunisations and Literacy
Despite decades of rural education funding, the inhabitants of the Serbian countryside remain largely illiterate, nor are they provided with basic healthcare and livelihood. We should establish travelling companies of teachers and doctors to provide Serbian villages with immunisations and free lessons on basic literacy.
Montenegrin Opium Farms
Historically, Montenegro and Macedonia supplied the region as well as the rest of Europe with high quality opium. China may have taken the lead in opium production since then, but narcotics remain a lucrative field of production we need to keep investing into.
Invest in Zadrugar
As part of our agricultural mechanisation process, we need the industry to support it as demand for tractors, spare parts, and maintenance sharply rise. Thankfully, the Serbian company Zadrugar specialises in this industrial sector. With extra help from the state, they will be able to meet these growing demands with more ease.
Stabilise the Serbian Dinar
The stability of the Serbian Dinar, ensured by Prime Minister Vojislav Veljković, has always been Serbia's primary economic asset. Now, when a new economic crisis besets Europe, we need to ensure that this asset lasts, by any means possible.
Modernise Belgrade
While the capital has recovered from the destruction of the Weltkrieg, Belgrade remains relatively underdeveloped compared to other European capitals. More effort and investment are required to bring the great city into the modern world.
Resume Cash Crop Exportation
Serbia retains a very agrarian economy, but its isolation and the recent economic troubles did severe damage to its major imports. With the economy market prices largely stabilised, we can resume agricultural exports and invest these profits.
Form the State Railway Directorate
Currently, our various railways are controlled by three different, competing organisations, which makes investment and expansion an arduous process. To streamline this, we will centralise the directorates into the Serbian State Railway Directorate.
Overhaul Narrow Gauge Railways and Roads
Because of Serbia's geography, the nation has many lines using a narrow-gauge to limit expenses and traverse rough terrain with more ease. However, these lines have seen better days and were often built under lower standards and could use a general overhaul to improve their capacity and quality. In addition the roads connecting much of our rural country are in dire need of maintenance and expansion to meet the needs of both the common man and our own strategic interests.
Open the Turica Hydroelectric Plant
The Đetinja River near Užice has been used for the production of electric power since the turn of the century, and as industrialisation continues, we need more electricity than ever. Let us commission a new, larger hydroelectric plant on the river — named \
Nationalise SARTID
Funded by Austria's State Railway Company StEG, SARTID, or the Serbian Mining and Smelting Industrial Company, is the main ferrous metallurgy company in Serbia, responsible for mining, smelting and infrastructure related to the process, most importantly railroads. Now that we are free from Austrian watch, this company needs to fall to Serbian hands.
Nikšic Mining-Industrial Complex
The Nikšić region in Montenegro is rich in bauxite and other minerals, it has potential for hydroelectric power and it is strategically distant from our likely enemies in Bulgaria. We must order the state-controlled SARTID to heighten investment in the region and so tap into its potential.
Promote Economic Structuralism
To modernise and industrialise Serbia, Milan Stojadinović promotes his theory of economic structuralism. It calls for the state to promote industry reliant on materials produced domestically, and the need for the state to have control of monetary resources in order to redirect it to industries which need them.
State-Sponsored Construction Works
To industrialise the country and do so fast, the state needs to direct money and resources towards construction projects which are critical to the economy of the state and so need to be finished quickly. Let us create a system of these works and help the Serbian economy grow.
Expand the Bor Mines
Now that we have seized them from the claws of the Bulgarians, the mines in Bor could be expanded further with some increased government support. This will help us extract more resources in Eastern Serbia and increase our economic independence.
Education Reform
Once again reunited, we are able to pay more attention to reforms we were unable to pass before - such as reforming the poor and underfunded Serbian education system to raise a new generation of leaders and scientists.
Refashion Skopje
The capital of Southern Serbia, Skopje, needs to be modernised and turned into an outpost of Serbdom. Mosques shall be replaced by Officer Clubs, the city expanded to house new industrial zones, and monuments built to let the people know who liberated them, and remind them that they are Serbs.
Restore Paraćin Textile Industry
The town of Paraćin was one of the main industrial centres of pre-Weltkrieg Serbia, owing to its strategic location on the region's crossroads, and built up a strong woolmaking and textile industry. Under Bulgarian rule, it became a backwater and its industry decayed - but having returned to the Serbian fold, it can finally be restored.
Found FOMU
The Weapons and Munitions Factory in Uzice, or FOMU, is one of Serbia's most important producers of military equipment and, of course, munitions. All will be needed in the future as a storm brews over the Balkan region.
The Vidovdan Speech
The Vidovdan of 1936 will be different. As the world burns in economic crisis and the eye of the Austrian hegemon turns away from us, a once in a lifetime chance arises to restore the dream of a greater Serbia.
Form the Military Council
Proposed by General Milan Nedić in years gone by, a Reform Council would go a long way to expand and modernise our fledgling army. With the Austrians off our back, it's time to follow up on Nedić's proposal and commence his reforms.
Organise the Chetniks
Ever since the end of the Weltkrieg, the Serbian Chetniks that fought so bravely through an ultimately doomed war have been divided and aimless. By bringing their commanders together, we can foster a unified \
Modernise the Engineering Battalions
An unexpected result of our rapid re-armament. Though our frontline troops are effective, our support units have been figuratively left behind. The Reform Council has plans for their modernisation, and thus they've been put into effect.
Support Zastava
Zastava is one of Serbia's oldest companies and its main producer of firearms and artillery pieces. Supporting them will inevitably be beneficial as we continue to rearm and re-equip our military.
Training the New Guard
The Weltkrieg ended many years ago, and much of the Old Guard have either died or moved on. It's high time to train a new class of officers to lead our troops, armed with the vital knowledge of their predecessors.
Modern Howitzers
General Nedić has always supported the doctrine of \
New Army Tactics
War has changed. What worked two decades ago will not work today, especially with the advent of the Air Force and the Tank. The Reform Council has resolved to train our soldiers and officers alike in the art of modern warfare.
Begin Mechanisation
Until today, the Serbian Army has been built upon the strength of the soldier. However, with the never-ending march of technology, motor vehicles have become a key asset to increasing the soldiers effectiveness. From now on, we will motorise our forces, making them both faster and more well rested.
Import Russian Armour
In the vast plains of Eastern Europe, the fast, manoeuvrable Russian tank excels, and we have the opportunity to import their armour in order to put it to use in the Serbian armed forces.
Import [INT.GetAdjective] Armour
Syndicalist tanks, designed to support infantry formations and punch through German trenches, are hulking monsters impossible to stop. We have the opportunity to import their armour in order to put it to use in the Serbian armed forces.
Lessons of the War
As glorious as our victory over Bulgaria was, it wasn't a flawless one. Armed with vital experience from the front lines, the Reform Council has already drawn up plans to overcome the mistakes we made, and it's time to put them into action.
Serbian Mountain Corps
Terrain in the Balkans is very mountainous, especially in the lands we wish to reclaim. To assist in the wars to come, the Reform Council is planning the raising of a new, dedicated Mountain Corps. Equipped with the best weaponry and led by the best generals, they'll be our most elite forces.
Mihailovic's Redoubt
Colonel Draza Mihailović is, no doubt, a controversial officer. However, he is also a visionary, with superb plans for ensuring Serbia's defences are up to scratch in the case that our conquests backfire. Let's divert some funding and men to Mihailovic so he can create his \
Reestablish the Serbian Aviation Command
The Treaty of Wartholz banned the creation of any aerial forces for the Serbian Army, forcing us to rely on secret rearmament in the form of civilian \
Seek Foreign Contracts
Serbia's military air force is still young and needs a benefactor from which it can siphon planes, resources, and advisors - and there are several potential options in Europe we can choose from.
Belgrade Air Arsenal
A Serbian air force needs to not only wield a large amount of planes, but also be able to repair the ones they have and produce new ones to replace losses. For that, we should establish an Air Arsenal in the vicinity of Belgrade.
Local Aerial Dominance Doctrine
Further studies are to be conducted if Serbia is to master the skies. Never again shall the enemy completely dominate our airspace.
A Serbian Air Fleet
Our reforms have not gone without success. The Serbian air fleet may not be a titan of the war in the air, but it can safely be called a master of our own skies.
Attack Aircraft Acquisition
It is more than just patrol and scout planes we need for our air force - we must be able to attack back at any aggressor. Bombers and fighter-bombers will have to be our priority, and for that, we'll have to consider our benefactor and what they can provide.
Convert \
Throughout the Republican period, we established a system of \
Restore the Valjevo Airfield
The Valjevo Airfield was the primary base of the Serbian Aviation Command during the Weltkrieg - it needs to be restored and refurbished in order to house a new Serbian air force.
Promote Local Designs
Thanks to having more access to foreign expertise and innovations, our aircraft producers have begun to draw up their own designs, pushing Serbia further in the path of self-reliance.
Founding the Yugoslav Navy
The Serbian state never had a navy, having been landlocked until now. It will be a long road to build a navy to protect our new coastline and we will need help from our newly acquired territories and our existing riverine fleet to set the foundations.
Dockyard Construction
Our coastline has limited naval construction capabilities. It will take serious investment from the government to jumpstart a naval industry capable of fulfilling our shipbuilding needs.
Form a Merchant Navy
No nation has found prosperity without a proper trading fleet. Now that we are no longer dependent on foreign shipping, we can build our own merchant navy to carry goods in and out of Yugoslavia.
Focus on Light Ships
We would be deluded to think that we can afford, let alone build, a massive fleet. Small ships like destroyers and submarines will be more than enough to protect our coast and keep merchant ships safe from our enemies.
Shipbuilding Investments
Our shipbuilders are inexperienced and lacking funds; they will need further help from the government to rectify these issues. We will need to order more ships from them and expand our naval budget to accommodate the project's difficulties in acquiring tools, experienced specialists, missing components, and so on.
First Naval Exercises
The Yugoslav flag will be, for the first time in history, seen floating on ships out at sea. It will not be easy to create traditions for our new navy and we have relatively few experienced seamen in Yugoslavia, but this is the first step, and the Serbian people will show that it is capable of overcoming any challenge.
Under Bulgarian Hegemony
The Fourth Balkan War ended with the Pact's defeat and our country's humiliation. Now it is to the Bulgarians to rule over the region. Their troops already occupied us, and a new government had been declared under the State Party of Serbian Democrats.
New Government
A new government is proclaimed as head of state Živojin Perić to be in power by the Bulgarians. This government is a balance between the two Bulgarian worlds and the will of the Serbian people
Progressive Reforms
The new party launched a new series of progressive reforms. These reforms have as objective the reconciliation of the Serbian folk and appeasement of the remaining tensions. At the same time the State Party wants to secure its position in power and is frightened by the tyranny of the majority. Which direction the reforms will take?
Promote Scientific Education
Modernisation of the school curriculum has made it possible to open up more opportunities in the scientific sector by training new engineers. For the sake of the nation because effectively we can found more interest at forming new engineers who will work on improving the industrial and technological power of the nation than working on futile arts.
Legacy of Milan Piroćanac
Milan Piroćanac was a politician and prime minister of Serbia in the last century, he founded the Progressive Party and his ideas directly inspire the goals of our actual government, who considers him as a model. In his mandate he was focused on the modernisation of school and Serbian economy.
Deal with Domestic Enemies
Our nation is still crippled by terrorism and conspiracy against our new government. First a resistant second state: the \
Panslavism under Bulgarian Rules
Both Serbs and Bulgarians are Slavic people, they have close culture and language. Which in fact is a reason of unity between the two nations. Through Pan-Slavism idea we can unify Serbia and Bulgaria, improve the relations between us and finally maybe we will be able to achieve unification of Slavic nations in the Balkans.
Merge the Opposition
All Serbian nationalist parties must be united in the Serbian State Party. In this way we reduce the public opposition and this can increase the popularity of the party and give us more support.
Consolidate the State
The Serbian Government and the State must be consolidated, it cannot be left adrift like the former liberal democracy that we used to have. We need a strong state to support Bulgarian ambitions and Serbian people expectations.
Rebuild Serbian Industry
Following the defeat of the former government, our industry was destroyed by the Bulgarian enemy, now it is an opportunity to rebuild it once and for all this time we will relocate our industry to Belgrade to establish an industrial centre in our country.
Standardise the Dinar
The establishment of a standard currency is a combination between liberal and nationalist policy such as our government. It allows the creation of an unite of exchange which unifies the people and protects local economy.
Create the Banking Committee
The creation of a banking committee can create a financial stability. In fact this committee oversees every financial matter such as banks, price controls, monetary policy and finally currency regulation.
A Western-like Economy
Now that we have finished our reforms, after having brought stability by establishing our currency and relocating our industry. Thanks to the banking committee the economy of our country is growing. Now it's time to follow the example of Western countries like Germany and the United States in order to create a liberal and progressive vision in the Balkans.
The Eagle and the Lion
The world is changing. Who now has the strength to stand against armies of Serbia and Bulgaria? To stand against the might of the Eagle and the Lion and the union of the two Slavic nations. Together, my tsar, we shall rule the Balkans. The old world will burn in the fires of industry. The forests will fall. A new order will rise. We will drive the machine of war with the tanks and the trucks and the cannons.
Restore Conscription
The Treaty of Wartholz, among other things, prohibited us from enacting conscription or raising the size of our army above 35 thousand men. Without conscription, however, we will be unable to field any considerable force - thus, we must rectify this immediately.
Raise Reserve Divisions
While we followed the limitations of the Treaty on paper, in practice, large paramilitary formations and a reservist scheme meant that we were always able to raise new fresh divisions whenever we needed to. Now that the Treaty of Wartholz is dead, these plans can finally be put into place.
Leave the Wartholz Free Trade Area
Our post-war agreements with the Austrian Empire bound us to their economic bloc, strangling our budding economy and industry. These agreements need to go and our country must once again trade with the rest of the world fairly.
The Congress of Belgrade
If we are to topple the Bulgarian hegemon, we cannot do it alone. We will need the help of the other nations with outstanding issues with the Bulgarians. Now that Bulgaria is weakened and diplomatically isolated, we have the greatest opportunity possible. We must gather our allies in this endeavour and liberate Southern Serbia.
Resistance Behind Bulgarian Lines
There are over a million Serbs on the Bulgarian side of the border, and the past twenty years have not been kind to them. Even today, they call for a reunification with the motherland - when the war finally begins, they can serve as a powerful tool behind the enemy lines.
National Mobilisation
The Bulgarians may be weakened by economic failure and internal struggle, but they nevertheless are a formidable foe. Even with the support of our Balkan allies, we need to kick our industry into high gear and mobilise it to a capable war economy.
Cross the Great Morava
The Great Morava, the river at the heart of Serbia, one around which the modern Serbian state arose, is now a border between us and Bulgaria. Our brethren beyond it await - and today, we shall finally cross it! A glorious Fourth Balkan War awaits! Samo sloga Srbina spasava!
Together Against Austria
With the Bulgarian threat eliminated, it is time to turn our attention to our next and greatest enemy. The Austrians have been oppressing fellow Serbs for centuries, and our previous attempt failed, we have an opportunity to right this historical wrong. The Habsburgs are isolated; it is time to strike the dying husk down once and for all!
Operacija: Marš na Drinu
When Serbs and Austrians faced off in 1914, we were eventually overwhelmed by the Empire's superior might and their German allies. We must learn from our mistakes and think ahead - if we end up at war with the Austrians again, we need to have prepared in advance and march to war with a grand battle plan in our hands!
Contact Rural Militias
Much like their Serbian counterparts, Illyrian villages are communal and their countryside is still rife with armed citizenry, ranging from ordinary peasants to imitators of the Hajduci. Contacting them in secret, we can gather supporters, collect intelligence and prepare for an inevitable uprising.
Rely Upon the Prečani
The Serbian minority in Austrian lands, named the Prečani, have historically been the most enthusiastic supporters of a union with Serbia and the establishment of Yugoslavia - a fact we can harness to earn a base of support among the population during the war against Austria.
Immortal Yugoslavism
The formation of Illyria may have satisfied many Croatian leaders, but others can still be convinced to stand with the immortal banner of Yugoslavism. Bosnians and Slovenes can stand by the Serbian side as well - giving us a base of support in Austrian territory.
You will be able to flag §Gone§! additional state for Drina March war planning.
Piedmontianism
Germany was formed by Prussian military might and Italy by Piedmontian might. Yugoslavia must thus be formed by Serbian military might, and so, the concerns of the Serbian Army in the war against Austria should be our first priority.
Popular Mobilisation
A nation as small as Serbia will never be able to defeat the Habsburg Empire, even with fellow Balkan states on its side. Our only solution is to turn the South Slavs of the Empire against them, and rouse mass uprisings behind their lines which will propel us to victory.
Prepare the National Holdout
Because of our geography, it is very possible that we will be forced to capitulate Belgrade and its surroundings to the Austrians, much like we did in 1914 - this time, however, we can prepare for such circumstances in advance and move offices to Skopje from where we can continue the fight.
Raise a line of Level 1 §YLand Forts§! in §YKosovo§! and §YNiš§!.
The National Lottery
One way to fund our rearmament and prepare for a war against the Habsburg Empire is a national lottery - all citizens will be encouraged to purchase lottery tickets with appeals to national pride and possible wealth, and the profit from the lottery will go straight towards rearmament.
The Balkan Research Initiative
Bringing together the disparate nations of the Balkan will require great effort, but will prove beneficial in the long run. As the region is less developed than Western or Central Europe, it is imperative that we pool our scientific and technological resources together to stand a chance against our enemies.
Friends with Benefits?
The Serbs and Romanians have joined forces with one another time after time again - and after so much hardship endured together, perhaps it is time to consummate this relationship into something... closer? A union made more eternal, bonds crafted to withstand the test of time, and a marriage of the Balkan states in one economic and political union proclaimed?
The Belgrade-Salonica Railway
With Greece as a neighbour and friend, we have a new, secure route for trade and supplies. However, infrastructure in the region is lacking, certainly not helped by the decades of Bulgarian mismanagement. With some help from Athens, we can rectify this and improve our gateway to the world and relations with the Greeks.
$SER_YUG_balkan_federalism$
$SER_YUG_balkan_federalism_desc$
$SER_YUG_united_states$
$SER_YUG_united_states_desc$
$SER_YUG_three_named_nation$
$SER_YUG_three_named_nation_desc$
$SER_YUG_integral_yugoslavia$
$SER_YUG_integral_yugoslavia_desc$
$SER_YUG_royal_federation$
$SER_YUG_royal_federation_desc$
$SER_YUG_greater_serbia$
$SER_YUG_greater_serbia_desc$
Balkan Socialist Federalism
The idea of a federation of the Balkan peoples stretches to the 19th century, and while it has fallen out of interest for many, the socialist parties across the peninsula still hold out hope for a common brotherhood between everyone from Ljubljana to Constantinople.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia as an empowered Socialist Workers' Party.
The United States of Yugoslavia
Put forth by the founder of the Republican Party, Ljubomir Stojanović, the United States of Yugoslavia concept is a federal, presidential republic unifying the South Slavic peoples, with large ethnic and territorial autonomy to ensure cultural pluralism.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia as the Republicans or as a depowered Socialist Workers' Party.
Nation of Three Tribes
The goal of the Radical Party is a unitary, centralised, yet democratic South Slavic state, in which Serbia's role as a leader is enshrined. It is based upon the Three Tribes theory - Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, three tribes of one nation.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia as the Radical Party in a republican democratic regime.
Integral Yugoslavia
Integral Yugoslavism denies the existence of separate South Slavic nations and instead declares them all to be the same Yugoslav nation, separated by history. Such a state would be authoritarian and unitary, seeking to erase the differences between Yugoslavs.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia as an authoritarian monarchy or Stojadinović dictatorship.
The Royal Federation
A compromise between the federalist goals of pro-Yugoslav democrats and the restoration of the Serbian monarchy, a federal Kingdom of Yugoslavia would contain ethnic and territorial autonomy and a democratic legislature with the royal institution at the top.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia as a constitutional monarchy.
Greater Serbia
Yugoslavism is a mistake. We Serbs must not only be dominant, we must rule a Greater Serbia which encompasses all Serbs in the Balkans. Such a state is not a Yugoslavia at all, but rather a Serbian hegemony over the other South Slavs and minorities.\n\nWill this be Serbia's path?
Form Yugoslavia and then roll it back with an army coup.
New focuses and mechanics will be unlocked upon the formation of Yugoslavia.
New focuses and mechanics will not be unlocked. The Unification is over, all Serbs are under one state.
A federal Yugoslavia is focused on resolving ethnic tensions through the reduction of §YPatronage Requirement§!, thus allowing the government to maintain stability with a smaller amount of §YPolitical Capital§!. It lacks heavy-handed measures, but offers long-term stability.
A federal monarchist Yugoslavia is focused on resolving ethnic tensions through the reduction of §YPatronage Requirement§!, thus allowing the government to maintain stability with a smaller amount of §YPolitical Capital§!. Unlike its republican equivalent, however, it also gives access to heavy handed measures to give powerful one-time bonuses in case the situation requires it.
A socialist Yugoslavia is focused on resolving ethnic tensions with a large buildup of §YPolitical Capital§!. Almost every one of its unique focuses grants some form of permanent PC gain, allowing the government to maintain stability through mass political control.
An integral Yugoslavia is focused on resolving ethnic tensions via heavy handed centralist measures, often trading long term stability for powerful one time bonuses to §YEthnic Relations§!. It is a strategy of high risk, but also high reward.
A Radical-formed Yugoslavia does not have unique features for the resolution of ethnic tensions. It may be described as a jack of all trades, or as a least effective form of Yugoslavia due to its Serbian-dominated nature.
The Fate of the Konspiracija
Our friends in the military have played a role in Serbian politics for years. Whether we were allies or enemies, we have to understand their importance and that their leaders will not vanish anywhere once Yugoslavia is founded. Whether we have managed to curtail their venomous ideology or whether we will be merely a puppet of their desires will depend on what actions we have taken until now...
Integrate the Railway System
Before we can begin integrating our northern acquisitions, we have to connect them to the capital of the Union. Our borders no longer coincide with the main railroad tracks of the Habsburg empire, cities once connected to Vienna or Budapest must be reconnected to a Yugoslav rail network, and the Austrian policy of limiting inter-communication between South Slavic regions must be reversed.
Replace the Habsburg Legal Code
In pursuit of integration and centralisation, we must replace the old legal codes and administrative systems imposed by the Habsburgs, throw out or retrain judges and bureaucrats to follow a new Yugoslav legal code. Tradition and old practices will be lost, but the Croats and Slovenes will eventually adapt.
Unify the Education System
A united country needs a united education system - and while we cannot deny the differences between our internal ethnic groups, we must introduce them all to a united curriculum which will erase misunderstanding and misconceptions, not to mention help grow a new generation of talented individuals.
A Memorial For the Murderer of Tyrants
Gavrilo Princip, the brave Young Bosnian youth who made the fateful shots in 1914, should no longer be treated as a failure who doomed the South Slavs to untold suffering. After two decades, the Yugoslav idea he died for has finally been realised, and thus we can finally recognise him for who he truly was - a slayer of tyrants.
Recruit Former Illyrian Officers
Many Croatians, Slovenians and Bosniaks served in the Austro-Hungarian Army - while some are vehemently against Yugoslavia, others are more accepting of the new order. With enough incentive, we should be able to integrate them into the ranks of our general corps.
Expand the Universities
The universities in Zagreb and Belgrade are no longer enough for all the aspiring students in the country - and there is no better sign of modernisation than the expansion of the higher education system. Let us establish new institutions in Ljubljana and Sarajevo, and expand the existing ones, for the good of Yugoslavia!
Reform the Conscription System
As the integration of Yugoslavia continues, we need to extract more and more recruits from the former Habsburg provinces - let us reform the conscription system with this goal in mind. Every region shall have its conscription offices and be tasked with the collection of imposed quotas.
Brotherhood and Unity
The slogan \
Abolish Serfdom Remnants in Bosnia
The Muslim aristocracy in Bosnia shackled their peasantry with serfdom long after it was abolished elsewhere, and even today, the remnants of the practice choke the progress of the region. No more! We Serbs march under the banner of liberty, and we shall emancipate our fellow Orthodox, unjustly exploited by their lords!
Abolish Sharecropping in Croatia-Slavonia
Land ownership in Croatia remains greatly uneven, and while its peasantry are theoretically free, they are forced to sell their labour to landlords and struggle to live by their own. No more! Estates will be expropriated, new land plots will be drawn, and the power of the Croatian aristocracy will be broken!
Law on State Excise, Tariffs and Fees
Before further economic integration of our new territorial acquisitions can take place, we must reform the system of taxation and customs currently in place. Several taxation codes must be abolished and replaced by one fitting for all, and trade barriers between the North and the South must be taken down - this is the task of the Law on State Excise, Tariffs and Fees.
Modernise Industrial Tools
One of the issues we have faced over the years is lacking modern industrial tools, which has slowed the exploitation of vast resource reserves scattered across Yugoslavia. We need to dedicate funding to the purchase and acquisition of industrial tools from the world market to overcome this.
Exploit Bosnian Coal Reserves
Large coal reserves are scattered across the Bosnian mountains, but they remained untouched due to poor land use and limited exploration efforts. This changes today, and this resource will soon be linked to our economic system.
Kraljevo-Jelica Chromium Deposits
The Jelica Mountain near Kraljevo, in Serbian Morava, hosts large deposits of chromium, but they were inaccessible with the outdated equipment of Serbian mining companies of the past. This no longer limits us, and so the large quantities of this strategic resource will finally belong to the Yugoslav state.
Illyrian Copper
Copper can be found in significant quantity in Croatia and Bosnia, and with the advent of complicated electronics, it becomes increasingly valuable. Let us expand mining activities in the region and link this resource to our economic network.
Develop Tourism on the Adriatic Coast
The beaches and islands of the Adriatic coast are quite an attraction, and with a good investment plan, perhaps one day it will become the capital of tourism in Southeastern Europe. Let us begin this investment into the future of the Croatian economy!
Institutionalise Economic Structuralism
The economic structuralist policies implemented by the Serbian government prior to the unification of Yugoslavia must continue to guide our approach to economic affairs. Etatism and dirigisme are the two words which will describe our approach - the importance of the hand of the state in economic affairs should be recognised by everyone.
Subsidise Illyrian Forest Industry
Much of the economy of the mountainous province of Slovenia is based on the forest industry - in order to ensure the health and growth of this business, we need to subsidise it, providing jobs for thousands and paving the way for more advanced wood-based industry, such as furniture.
Foster Metalworking Development
Much of the industry in Yugoslavia remains light, based on food production, textile or lumber. The economic situation of today calls for heavy industry, however - and we have all the resources needed, be it coal, raw ore or electricity potential. All we need is a little push.
Nationalise Northern Arms Industry
To defend the state from its numerous enemies, we must have a monopoly on arms production - and so we need to seize control of the numerous arms production enterprises in the formerly Habsburg part of Yugoslavia.
The Federal Constitution
Our promise for the South Slavic peoples is a federation, modelled after the United States, which will have an elected President and a system of states which forms the backbone of the political structure. It is about time we implement this system and create a federal Yugoslav republic!
Proclaim the Unity of Serbo-Croatian
There are no Serbian and Croatian languages - only Serbo-Croatian, spoken by Serbian, Croatian and Bosniak peoples. It shall become the official language of Yugoslavia and all documents will be published in it, in both Latin and Cyrillic script, although other languages such as Slovene will remain recognised.
System of Local Governance
Under our leadership, a capable system of local governance was established in Serbia, and its experience can now be implemented across all of Yugoslavia. We will ensure fair election of local officials which will ensure that everyone's concerns are addressed.
Ally with the Muslim Landowners
The Bosniak Muslim landowners are afraid of losing the influence they held over the centuries - and we can ensure that they stay afloat, supporting their interests and the Yugoslav Muslim Organisation.
Renew the Resettlement
The Bosniak Muslim landowners need to be depowered! We will parcel away their land and distribute it to Serbian and Croatian peasants, breaking their power base and allowing us to control Bosnia much more thoroughly.
Concordat with the Holy See
The role of the Catholic Church in Yugoslavia is especially important to our Catholic citizens. We can make a Concordat with the Holy See to place the Catholic Church in Yugoslavia on the same footing as the Serbian Orthodox Church and so ensure that Catholic interests are adequately represented.
Referendum Federalism
One of Ljubomir Stojanović's ideas to ensure the stability of the United States of Yugoslavia was referendum federalism - allowing any territorial entity within Yugoslavia to hold a referendum and establish a separate federal state if they succeed. This will be a powerful tool in stabilising Yugoslavia.
Guiding Light of the Balkans
Together, in Yugoslavia, we have established a flame of democracy which the ages shall not extinguish! And this gives us a duty to enlighten the rest of the Balkans with this flame. Any Codreanites, Totalists or absolutists must tremble upon the sight of our liberating armies!
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to topple §YSocialist§!, §YNational Populist§! or §YPaternal Autocrat§! states in the Balkans.
Invite Foreign Experts
Aligned with the great power blocs in the world, we can much more easily import experts and professionals who will bring Yugoslav industry and army doctrine to the world standard. With this support, we may become a regional power in our own right.
Construct the Special Relationship
Since the Revolution of 1925, we have maintained close ties with the Internationale, importing their arms and expertise to aid us in the fight against our common foe, the Reichspakt. Now that the Internationale is victorious, we should make this 
The Anti-Imperialist Vanguard
Now that all of Germany's enemies have fallen, there are few, if any, powers in the world left who stand against the imperialism of empires such as Britain and Germany. It might sound crazy, but perhaps it is Yugoslavia's turn to pick up the torch, and become the vanguard of a fight for true democracy, not imperialism.
Expands the reach of the £decision_icon_small  §YTopple Tyrants§! Decision to states in §YAustria§!, §YAnatolia§! and the §YItalian Peninsula§!, allowing the democratic haven in Yugoslavia to §Ybuild a coalition of free nations against imperialism§!.
The People's Republics
We must heed the calls for decentralisation and organise Yugoslavia into autonomous People's Republics, organised around their specific ethnic group - all controlled by the federal Socialist Workers' Party. This will appease the needs of federationists without slipping our grip over the control of the state.
Anti-Nationalist Campaigns
Separatism and ethnic nationalism is particularism, placing national divisions above class ones, and must be fought wherever it shows its head. These traitors will be brought to justice, and a supranational socialist culture shall be built in their place.
Cult of the Common Heroes
Every nation needs symbols and heroes to build a national identity around, and Yugoslavia is no exception. We shall honour not Serbian or Croatian kings, however, but heroes of the common folk, such as the hajduci and socialist martyrs, whom a person of any ethnicity can respect and call their own.
The Collective Presidency
To give the office of head of state to a single person in a nation like Yugoslavia will bring serious issues. A Serb President will infuriate Croats, a Croat President will infuriate Serbs... No, we shall delegate head of state duties to a council of presidents, appointed from every People's Republic.
Supremacy of the Party
The gel which keeps Yugoslavia together is the Socialist Workers' Party. Party control must permeate every aspect of political and social life, and its membership established as necessary for careerism - all while making it open to entrées of any ethnicity, transforming it into a truly multicultural organisation.
A New Capital in the Heart
Keeping the capital in Belgrade will surely become problematic in the future - it will lead to accusations of Serbian dominance, and the local Serbian bureaucracy will end up dominating our offices. Sarajevo, a multicultural city in the heart of Yugoslavia, will be a much better capital.
Mass Secularisation
The religious split among Yugoslavs can be defeated easily - by eradicating this opium of the masses. Religious holdings will be confiscated and the nation secularised, and the education system will be transformed into a tool for rooting out religious practices.
Champion Balkan Socialism
In Serbia, we have built the first socialist republic in the Balkans, and from here, we have expanded its reach to the Southern Slavs. Now it is time for us to export the ideology further. We must not rest until all of the Balkans have overthrown their lords and masters!
Unlocks £decision_icon_small  §YDecisions§! to spread §YSocialism§! throughout the Balkans.
Integration of Bulgaria
Now that a sister republic has been established in the Balkans, we are ready to bury centuries of hatred and unify our separate nations into one greater South Slavic state. Our Bulgarian comrades are Yugoslavists as well, so they will surely reciprocate.
Dreams of a Federation
Ideas of a Balkan Federation have been floated around socialist circles for decades, but never got a chance to be implemented - until today. Now that we dominate the Balkan region, we can establish a political-economic union which will serve as the building block for our great federation.
Banovina Organisation
We must not fool ourselves with pretenses of federalism or local autonomy - Yugoslavia shall be divided into Banovinas, appointed and controlled from above, which will transcend ethnic boundaries and centralise the state in the hands of the all-Yugoslav government in Belgrade.
One National Myth
Serb, Croat, Slovene national myths must become parts of one Yugoslav national myth. It wasn't just the Serbs who fought in Kosovo - they fought in the name of all Yugoslavs. The Weltkrieg was the beginning of our united national struggle for independence, and freedom fighters such as Young Bosnia must be touted as heroes of all of Yugoslavia.
God, King and Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia must be invested into the persona of King Petar II, who shall be groomed into an all-Yugoslavian monarch. He shall attend national ceremonies of all major ethnic groups and the three leading faiths, and will be encouraged to give his future children not just Serb, but also Croat and Slovene names.
Destruction of the Yugoslav Tribes
Serbs, Croats, Slovenes, Bosniaks and others - they are merely tribes of one Yugoslav nation, and it is the job of our government to actively erase their differences. Foreign occupants divided us for centuries and created artificial boundaries between us, but now, we may finally tear them down and restore what was lost.
Ideologised Education
The education system must be subjugated to the ideological project of Internal Yugoslavism. All pupils in the nation shall be taught both of the scripts used by Yugoslav language dialects, and commemorate Serb, Croat, Slovene and Bosniak national celebrations alike.
Integralism of the Masses
We must ensure that Integral Yugoslavism is a lasting project in the consciousness of the people - we shall mobilise the masses in national demonstrations and organise them with state controlled organisations, and subjugate other ideologically aligned ones such as the Orjuna into the Yugoslavist project.
Language Standardisation
Centuries of being divided between different empires have led to some divergence in our languages - however, with a national language institute taking after the French model, we can start the standardisation of a Serbo-Croatian-Slovenian language which will then be used by future generations.
Unify the JRSD and the State
Integral Yugoslavism starts with the King's Party - and would not be possible without it. We must ensure the party's complete control over the state apparatus, so that no decision is made without the knowledge of our politicians in the party machine and the party machine can swiftly dictate orders without the need of legislative or judiciary involvement.
Greater Yugoslavia
We must not rest until all Yugoslavs are inside Yugoslavia, and all regions once graced by our presence are brought back to the fold. Bulgaria, Macedonia, Trieste - they all are naturally ours, and will become a part of a Greater Yugoslavia.
Drive to the Aegean
The existence of Albania, mandated by the Great Powers, was one of the great insults done against the Serbian people in the modern day - and the mountains of Macedonia still hold many Yugoslavs, belonging to the Bulgarian tribe. They must be brought to our fold.
Integration of Bulgaria
The Bulgarian state is as artificial as all other Yugoslav states - we shall erase its foolish independence, integrating it into Greater Yugoslavia.
Seize Trst and Pola
The city of Trst, named Trieste by the Italians, and the Istria region have unfortunately fallen our of our grasp during the war against Austria. This historical wrong can finally be made right - the ports of Trst will serve a Greater Yugoslavia at last!
Award the Piedmont of Yugoslavs
The Serbs have shed more blood and sweat for the Yugoslav dream than any other nation in Yugoslavia - therefore, as the unifiers of the Yugoslavs, we Serbs deserve a natural leading role in the state. All the power in Yugoslavia shall be concentrated in Serbian hands!
Promote the Cyrillic Alphabet
The Cyrillic script is the natural script of the Serbo-Croatian language and should be enforced - official documents will be written strictly in Cyrillic and bureaucrats from Croatia and Slovenia will be taught this script to use in everyday work.
Political Centralisation
Federalism will merely weaken our state and cause needless divisions. No, instead, the constitution of Yugoslavia should dictate that Belgrade has full control of all matters of state! A centralised bureaucracy will ensure that the stability of Yugoslavia is maintained.
Centralisation via the Ballot Box
We may be a democracy, but we have to understand that we face a threat from separatists and socialists who seek to take what is now rightfully ours. Through public pressure and the mobilisation of state officials to vote for established parties, we can ensure that this never comes to pass.
Heritage of the Two Revolutions
We Serbs are the most liberal of the Balkan nations - having experienced two revolutions which upset the established order and established a more progressive system. Thus, we are naturally fit to rule and guide the rest of Yugoslavia towards this liberal tradition.
Establish the Islamic Religious Community
To maintain peace in Bosnia, we shall make amends with the established Muslim clergy and create the Islamic Religious Community - it will be staffed by imams appointed from the Muslim clergy and be granted wide reaching powers regarding Islamic religious life.
Renew the Decrees of Settlement
The South is always one step away from unrest - now that we have unified the South Slavs, we can turn there again. Kosovo and South Serbia must be pacified and the natural Serbian order in those two provinces restored.
The Yugosphere
Now that we have unified the South Slavs, we must establish ourselves as a capable regional power with a sphere of influence in the Balkan region. We must always respond to foreign threats, be pragmatic, and subjugate our weaker neighbours.
Pragmatic Foreign Policy
We must not be blinded by ideological commitment when we make deals with foreign powers. In the increasingly hostile diplomatic atmosphere of the world, we can sway between various factions and reap benefits from all of them.
Force the Submission of Bulgaria
The Bulgars remain plotting in Sofia, waiting for a chance to retake the Vardar Valley. We shall shut these plots down with military force, and establish a friendly, loyal puppet regime in Sofia instead.
Subjugate Albania
In 1913, the Great Powers forced us to retreat from Northern Albania, and we had to let what is rightfully ours languish in Islamic rule. This illegal Albanian state shall be subjugated by military force and transformed into a loyal puppet state under Belgrade's overwatch.
The Yugosphere
Now that we have unified the South Slavs, we must establish ourselves as a capable regional power with a sphere of influence in the Balkan region. We must always respond to foreign threats, be pragmatic, and subjugate our weaker neighbours.
Pragmatic Foreign Policy
We must not be blinded by ideological commitment when we make deals with foreign powers. In the increasingly hostile diplomatic atmosphere of the world, we can sway between various factions and reap benefits from all of them.
Force the Submission of Bulgaria
The Bulgars remain plotting in Sofia, waiting for a chance to retake the Vardar Valley. We shall shut these plots down with military force, and establish a friendly, loyal puppet regime in Sofia instead.
Subjugate Albania
In 1913, the Great Powers forced us to retreat from Northern Albania, and we have been forced to let what is rightfully ours languish in Islamic rule. This illegal Albanian state shall be subjugated by military force and transformed into a loyal puppet state under Belgrade's overwatch.
The King's Constitution
Our promise for the South Slavic peoples is a federation, which will have a King at the top to mediate the system and a system of states which forms the backbone of the political structure. It is about time we implement this system and create a federal Yugoslav kingdom!
Proclaim the Unity of Serbo-Croatian
There are no Serbian and Croatian languages - only Serbo-Croatian, spoken by Serbian, Croatian and Bosniak peoples. It shall become the official language of Yugoslavia and all documents will be published in it, in both Latin and Cyrillic script, although other languages such as Slovene will remain recognised.
System of Local Governance
A capable system of local governance was established in Serbia, and its experience can now be implemented across all of Yugoslavia. We will ensure fair election of local officials which will ensure that everyone's concerns are addressed.
Ally with the Muslim Landowners
The Bosniak Muslim landowners are afraid of losing the influence they held over the centuries - and we can ensure that they stay afloat, supporting their interests and the Yugoslav Muslim Organisation.
Renew the Resettlement
The Bosniak Muslim landowners need to be depowered! We will parcel away their land and distribute it to Serbian and Croatian peasants, breaking their power base and allowing us to control Bosnia much more thoroughly.
Concordat with the Holy See
The role of the Catholic Church in Yugoslavia is especially important to our Catholic citizens. We can make a Concordat with the Holy See to place the Catholic Church in Yugoslavia on the same footing as the Serbian Orthodox Church and so ensure that Catholic interests are adequately represented.
Referendum Federalism
The Republican project for Yugoslavia promised an interesting feature - allowing any territorial entity within Yugoslavia to hold a referendum and establish a separate federal state if they succeed. If adopted by our royal federation, this will be a powerful tool in stabilising Yugoslavia.
Royal Grace
King Petar II Karađorđević is a different monarch from his father - a Western grown and educated royal, guided by a capable court which sees the implementation of constitutional monarchy as their main priority. Let the grace of our Modern Karađorđević touch all the peoples of Yugoslavia!
One day he will assume the throne as §YPavle I§!.
One day he will assume the throne as §YPetar III§!.
One day he will assume the throne as §YMihajlo II§!.
One day he will assume the throne as §YDušan II§!.
One day he will assume the throne as §YAleksandar III§!.
One day he will assume the throne as §YAlbert I§!.
In the other famed revolution of 1925, the Serbian people finally overthrew their monarchy and established the Serbian Republic, a bright light of liberty and democracy in the Balkans. For the past ten years, the Republic has languished under the restrictions of the Treaty of Wartholz, but the first sign of Austrian weakness will surely see those shackles tossed away. Can the Serbs regain what they lost in the Weltkrieg and light the torch of Yugoslavism again - all while keeping the freedom they finally achieved?
GFX_SER_intro
The Serbian Republic
The assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand by Gavrilo Princip, a Bosnian Serb nationalist, was the catalyst which caused the beginning of the Weltkrieg. Though Serbian forces fought valiantly and earned the world's respect by stalling the Central Powers advance for months, by late 1915 the entirety of the country ended up occupied. Divided into Austro-Hungarian and Bulgarian occupation zones, Serbia was exploited and burned, its adversaries seeking to enact revenge upon what they saw as a barbaric regime. This only emboldened resistance in the territory, however, and things on both sides of the front changed by 1918. Austria-Hungary, pressured by its German allies, finally began peace talks, while the Serbian resistance in Corfu, seeing the pitiful state of the Entente, came to the conclusion that even a bitter peace is better than annexation. King Petar abdicated and his son took the throne as Aleksandar II, who signed the punitive Treaty of Wartholz in 1919 - it restored a rump Serbia in the Austro-Hungarian occupation zone, forever tied to the Austrian sphere of influence.\n\nAn emboldened socialist movement in Belgrade, inspired by the Russian and French revolutions, and the opposition of the People's Radical Party got Aleksandar II to respond harshly. Political life was suspended, the socialist movement banned, and a Royal Dictatorship ushered in to maintain order in the defeated nation. This act only inflamed tensions in the country by the end, however, and it boiled over to revolution in 1925. The military, organised into the Konspiracija secret society, made an act of defiance against their King and orchestrated an assassination of Aleksandar II on December 3rd, which led the Royal Dictatorship to its collapse. Prime Minister Vojislav Veljković, surrendered to the opposition, which proclaimed a Serbian Republic.\n\nAfter a brief diplomatic standoff, the provisional government of Ljubomir Stojanović recognised the Treaty of Wartholz, and Vienna recognised the Republican government in turn. Today, Serbia stands as a burning symbol of democracy in the Balkans - at least on the surface. In truth, however, while the government may proclaim heartwarming goals like peace, welfare and prosperity, nothing in the Serbian government happens without the approval of the Konspiracija. This military secret society, deliberately styled after the Black Hand, seeks one thing and one thing only - the liberation of all Serbs outside of the Republic's borders. Again in the shadows, another conspiracy lurks as well - the White Hand, led by Petar Živković, which waits for a chance to overthrow the Republican interregnum and restore the underage son of Aleksandar II.\n\nAs 1936 begins, Serbia is still, nominally, a client state of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but this grip grows looser by the second, and once it finally falls, all of Serbia's enemies may tremble.
§MRepublicans§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Win the 1936 election with any government led by the §lRepublicans§!.\n£white_dot If the §RSocialist Workers§! are in the coalition and the coup isn't stop prematurely, fight it by calling on the group the conspirators didn't ally with in the \
Black Monday Hits Serbia!
Serbia was devastated by the Weltkrieg more than any other nation. It lost a quarter of its population and the entire nation was left plundered, half of it was annexed by Bulgaria while the rest had to accept massive concessions to the Austrian Empire. And yet, despite it all, Serbia endured, slowly rebuilding a stable, if weakened economy based around agricultural production and free trade. The reforms by King Aleksandar II's Prime Minister, Vojislav Veljković, were not undone by the Republican government, and so the stable Serbian dinar he fought for remained throughout the 1930s.\n\nThe collapse of the Berlin stock market has undone most of that work. Though Serbia is not as tied to the German economy as other countries in the region, the collapse of worldwide trade has tanked our agricultural exports and so left much of the economy in a void. A package of response measures and reforms is already being prepared, but the populace, hit straight in the pocket, no longer holds as much trust in the Republican Party. After all, they should have prevented this...
This is a disaster!
The Serbian Elections of 1936
The term of the second President of the Serbian Republic, Dragomir Vasić, is coming to a close, and on the fifth of October, new elections will be held to the Serbian Skupština.\n\nAccording to the Constitution of 1926, the Skupština is a unicameral legislature elected by all male and female citizens of the Serbian Republic in free, universal, secret ballot for a five year term. The government structure of Serbia is semi-presidential - the President is elected by the legislature, much like the Prime Minister, but has considerable power in domestic policy and the appointment of public officials, alongside the usual duties of representation of the state in foreign affairs. While the Prime Minister is dependent on the backing of the Skupština, the President serves a predetermined five year term no matter what is taking place in the legislature. That is not to say that he is all-powerful, however, and he needs parliamentary support for pretty much all appointments and legislation.\n\nThe electoral campaign in Serbia began late last year and continues into 1936. As the world veers closer to war, and so do the Balkans, the force which wins this election may get to decide the fate of the country for ages to come.
May the strongest party win!
The Vidovdan Speech
The Day of St. Vitus, or Vidovdan in the Serbian language, is considered to be the most important date in the national identity of Serbia. It is at this day in 1389 that the medieval Kingdom of Serbia defended its independence against the Ottoman Empire in the Battle of Kosovo, an event which forged the national myth of the Serbian people for centuries to come. Ever since 1918, however, the commemoration of the day has been silent and modest. It was the day when Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated in Sarajevo, an act many Serbs still cannot live past, for it has brought them so much destruction and loss. During the reign of Aleksandar II, a small monument was erected in Gazimestan to honour those who fell in the battle, but the observations there remained small.\n\n1936 was different. President Dragomir Vasić himself attended the observations in Gazimestan, drawing large masses of Serbs to visit the monument for the first time. There, to thousands of his countrymen, he made a speech - and the language was shocking. For the first time since the end of the Weltkrieg, the leader of Serbia declared that what they all experienced twenty years ago was a national humiliation - it robbed Serbia of its ancestral lands and people in Niš and Macedonia, and Serbia must not rest until it finds a way to return them to Belgrade's fold. The heroes and martyrs commemorated during Vidovdan fought for a free and united Serbia, after all, and the only way to honour their memory is to overthrow the shackles holding Serbia back today.\n\nThe speech was met with applause and patriotic chants. While Vasić's political opponents may denounce this as electoral pandering, everyone can tell that this marks a sharp turn in the history of Serbia - that it will no longer abide by the Treaty of Wartholz, and forge an independent destiny instead.
Živela Srbija! Živela republika!
Emboldened Socialist Movement
The ongoing economic crisis has dealt a serious blow to the mining industries in Montenegro and manufacturing in Belgrade, and the workers there are understandably unhappy. This creates a potent radicalised mass for the radicals on the left to take advantage of and build their support with - the Socialist Workers' Party and its call of labour empowerment is attractive to the average Jovan out on the street. They compete for this niche with the Socialist Party of Serbia, however - a reformist breakaway from the SRP composed of its moderate wing, which generally serves as the mediator between the Republicans and the Socialist Workers. Though still inherently socialist, they state that the material conditions in Serbia are not fit for a revolution and that socialism can instead be achieved through the parliamentary process. To which side will this mass bend to?
Workers support a worker party. It ain't rocket science.
Maybe the unemployed can be directed to the moderates?
Offer from the Konspiracija
The Konspiracija has been observing the election of 1936 from the shadows and the growth of the socialist movement in Serbia has left them concerned. There is no threat of a revolution, at least not yet, and the moderate faction of the SRP is firmly under the secret society's control, but they nevertheless present an unexpected factor in Serbian politics. And when the restoration of Greater Serbia is on the line, the thing which Konspiracija wants the most is no unwanted surprises. So, the military offers to provide its support to the Republican Party and start a secret intimidation campaign among the Socialist ranks. By pressuring some of their most vocal figures to shut their mouths and fall in line, the party will surely lose steam quickly.
Do it.
It's too risky...
Greenshirts
The People's Radical Party, hoping to mobilise more support for their electoral campaign, have begun to form uniformed paramilitary organisations to serve as the Party's arm in the countryside. These organisations, named the Greenshirts after their uniforms, are the idea of Milan Stojadinović, the leader of the party - and are very clearly inspired by the success of the Iron Guard next door. Though it may seem odd for a liberal, democratic party to copy the policies of a radical National Populist movement, it is also not illegal. Dragomir Vasić and the Serbian Republican Party now have to make a decision on how to respond to the Radicals' militarisation.
Find a way to curtail their activity
Fire must be fought by fire. Our own paramilitary!
Destitution in the Countryside
Three fourths of the Serbian adult population are engaged in agriculture, and the absolute majority of them are subsistence farmers, only barely growing enough food to support themselves and their family. The economic crisis has thus impacted these farmers severely. Many racked up debts in the months following the stock market crash and have lost their homes as a result, while others struggle to support themselves with the little land they have. This has made agrarian issues an important talking point in the election, and several parties have been isolated as the front-runners in the valuable farmer voting bloc. The Agrarian Party, run by Milan Gavrilović and Jovan Jovanović-Pižon have traditionally represented farming interests, but have yet to escape from the opposition. The Republicans have traditionally been an urban-centred party, but many of their members have been building support blocs in the rural Užice and Montenegro regions throughout the past decade. And finally, the Socialist Workers with their programme of radical land redistribution cannot wait to take advantage of the crisis...
Milan Gavrilović has always fought for the farmer.
The Republicans will find a solution.
The spectre of socialism is alluring...
Republican Election Strategy
Originally founded as the Republican Democratic Party, the Republicans consider themselves to be the successors to the Independent Radicals of the pre-Weltkrieg era, its left wing, republican-sympathetic faction in particular. It was founded by Ljubomir Stojanović and Jaša Prodanović in 1920 and instantly moved into opposition to Aleksandar II's Royal Dictatorship. Being the most vocal democratic faction in opposition to the King, it swiftly built up support and championed the Republican revolution. In the Serbian republic, it is the more left-wing of the two main establishment parties, the other being the People's Radical Party.\n\nInto the election of 1936, the Republicans go in with everything to lose - they have been in power for the past ten years, under presidents Prodanović and Vasić, and now face opposition from the left and the right. If they seek to remain in power, they need to prevent the centre from collapsing and ensure that neither the Radicals nor the Socialist Workers are able to muster a majority without them. What shall be their strategy in this election?
Stay the course, remain calm, and thus maintain the voter base.
Attack the Radicals, weaken the right.
Attack the Socialists, weaken the left.
Radical Election Strategy
The People's Radical Party is one of the oldest political parties in Serbia, founded as a liberal reformist party in 1881. It defined Serbian politics before the Weltkrieg, dominating the political scene under Prime Ministers Sava Grujić and Nikola Pašić and championing moderate reform. It had a falling out with the monarchy immediately after the war ended, however, as King Aleksandar II's personal distaste for Pašić led to his dismissal, the party moving to the opposition, and finally to the underground. It reluctantly supported the Republican Revolution of 1925 and stands as the more right-wing of the two main establishment parties in Serbia.\n\nThe Radicals, led by Milan Stojadinović, are in a comfortable position. While the left is infighting, the right is largely united, as the Radicals and Agrarians have a lot of shared ground, while minor parties like the Democratic State Party and Ljotić's royalist radicals are nothing to worry about. Should this stable powerful right be maintained, only the Radicals may be able to form a government once the election concludes. What shall be their strategy in this election?
Keep calm, carry on, and build a power base.
Support the Agrarians, we will need their backing.
Go on the offensive and attack both opponents.
Socialist Election Strategy
The Socialist Workers' Party was founded in 1919 as a merger of the Social Democratic Party of Serbia, Serbian trade union organisations, and Montenegrin socialists, and its ideology has since been left a syncretic mix of all ideologies to the left of the establishment. Syndicalists, Marxist socialists, social democrats and agrarian socialists all found a home in this party. It was banned by the Obznana during Aleksandar II's regime, but continued operating in the underground, supported the Republican revolution and joined parliamentary politics as the leftmost legal party in the Skupština.\n\nThe Socialist Workers' Party has to fight an uphill battle in the election. Even if they can harness enough anti-establishment rhetoric to achieve a plurality, they always have to worry about the possibility of an anti-socialist grand coalition between the Republicans and Radicals. Therefore, their goal is not just to grow their own support, but to ensure that their allies on the left can outweigh the rightists. What shall be their strategy in this election?
The Vanguard Party needs more support!
Send feelers for a left-wing popular front.
Attack the right, don't let them grow too strong.
The Election of 1936
Almost a year of campaigning and politicking has passed, and now the final step remains. Polling stations have been established across the country and the votes are cast to determine the victor of the election. The votes have been counted with little more than a few hitches, and they reveal that the results in the new Skupština will be that...
The Republicans win a majority!
The Radicals win a majority!
The Republicans and Socialists form a coalition!
The Radicals and Agrarians form a coalition!
The Socialist parties gain a majority!
The Republicans lead a left wing front!
The Socialists lead a left wing front!
The Republicans lead an anti-socialist front!
The Radicals lead an anti-socialist front!
Unrest among the Chetniks
The Serbian Chetniks recount history starting with the liberation struggle against the Ottoman Empire, where they served as auxiliary partisan forces in the Balkans to support the regular Serbian Army. After the Weltkrieg, the Treaty of Wartholz ordered all armed Chetnik associations to be dissolved, but the veterans of the partisan struggle remained and initially stood in favour of King Aleksandar II and his regime. By 1925, however, only the hardcore Royalists among their ranks chose to resist the fall of the monarchy, leaving the first few months of the Republic somewhat unstable — whereas many stood down and accepted the change in regime if it means that the dream of Greater Serbia can continue. Chetnik associations have since been reestablished and began to rearm themselves, but their loyalty to republicanism is still questioned.\n\nThe recent rise of the Socialist Workers' Party has left the \
Stojadinović is promising - the Chetniks back him.
The Konspiracija will prevent socialism.
They are a threat. Start pressuring the Chetniks.
Coup Attempt!
A mere few days after the election concluded, the streets of Belgrade have begun to buzz with activity. Not only were the rumours of royalist sympathisers organising a putsch against the socialist-influenced government true, but the situation is even worse than initially believed. The White Hand, led by the former commander of the Royal Guard Petar Živković, has been playing the strings from the shadows - this military clique, loyal to the House of Karađorđević, played a pivotal role in Aleksandar's Royal Dictatorship and never quite dissolved, only moving to the underground to foster their resistance.\n\nBelgrade awoke to the sound of gunfire as a royalist brigade marched in, locking down the city and surrounding the Skupština, taking [SER.GetLeader] and the members of the legislature hostage. Petar Živković gave his two demands; ending the exile of the House of Karađorđević and the appointment of him as Prime Minister. Technically, Živković isn't demanding for anything more, but logically he will strong-arm the restoration of the monarchy within days, unceremoniously ousting the republic. Members of the legislature were able to put out a telegram request for military assistance before the phone-lines were cut, but it's unknown whether it was actually received.\n\nHere, the members of the Skupština have two options to choose from. Either they can hope that the rest of the Serbian Army is behind them, or take to the streets to rally the people into a popular guard which will resist the putsch.
Rally the people to resist the coup!
Rely on the Army to save us!
The result will depend on whether the royalist Chetniks have made any alliances with civilian politicians...
The result will depend on whether the royalist Chetniks have gained influence in the military...
A Failed Coup Attempt
A mere few days after the election concluded, the streets of Belgrade have begun to buzz with activity. The rumours of royalist sympathisers organising a putsch against the socialist-influenced government were true. The White Hand, led by the former commander of the Royal Guard Petar Živković, has been playing the strings from the shadows - this military clique, loyal to the House of Karađorđević, played a pivotal role in Aleksandar's Royal Dictatorship and never quite dissolved, only moving to the underground to foster their resistance.\n\nBelgrade awoke to the sound of gunfire as a royalist brigade marched in, locking down the city and surrounding the Skupština, taking [SER.GetLeader] and the members of the legislature hostage. Petar Živković gave his two demands; ending the exile of the House of Karađorđević and the appointment of him as Prime Minister. Yet, the coup attempt only lasted a few hours. Royalist putschists were unable to take control of the communications or cut the phone lines, so the supreme command of the Serbian Army were soon informed of the mutiny.\n\nGenerals loyal to the Konspiracija secret society, firmly in control of almost the entire army, immediately moved republican military units to Belgrade. The putschists, surrounded themselves, outgunned and unable to break the government, soon surrendered. Democracy in Serbia was safe, and paradoxically the radical nationalists in the Konspiracija saved the socialist government from being overthrown.
But... how will we overthrow THEM?
The Fall of the Republic
The Republic made one last attempted stand, and yet died with a whimper. No help came for the surrounded Skupština and all the parties eventually surrendered - except for the joint Socialist parties, whose representatives were arrested by troops commanded by Petar Živković - who has received the title of Prime Minister as well as the rank of General. The Constitution of 1926 has been suspended and is effectively meaningless, and Živković has declared that the Kingdom of Serbia is once again reborn.\n\nThe heir to the Serbian throne, Prince Petar Karađorđević, the only son of Aleksandar II, has spent his entire life in Canada, living under the tutelage of his uncle Prince Pavle. As soon as the news of the Karađorđević Restoration arrived, however, the 13 year old boy began his journey back to his homeland - and an anxious Serbia awaits him.
Long live the Kingdom!
The Republic Endures
Živković's coup collapsed within hours. The soldiers rallied to the side of the White Hand faced off against reinforcements - and fearing that the Republicans will only be able to rally more support as time passes, most of them stood down after brief skirmishes. Petar Živković and the royalist officers commanding the conspiracy have all been seized and arrested. For their conspiracy to overturn the Constitution and destroy the democratic republic, all of them received harsh prison sentences, and the White Hand conspiracy has dissolved for good. The threat of royalist resistance has finally ceased.
Thus unto all traitors.
Serbian Resistance in Niš
The Nis region, which has so far remained staunchly Serbian despite two decades of Bulgarisation, is growing heated. Underground resistance by Serbian militants has spilled over into several clashes across the mountains and forests, claiming the lives of Bulgarian soldiers occupying the region. It's pretty clear that this unrest has been instigated from Belgrade - the revanchist government in charge there cannot wait to seize Niš from our hands once and for all.
Damn Serbs...
The Return of the King
The thirteen year old heir to the throne, Prince Petar Karađorđević, has arrived to Belgrade airport by plane, with a small entourage composed of diehard Royalists and his uncle Prince Pavle. Here, they were met by Petar Živković, the Serbian Army, and thousands of civilians wishing to witness their new monarch. After a brief car tour across the city, the entourage arrived to St. Michael's Cathedral, much like his grandfather and namesake had done so three decades ago, and to symbolise the end of a brief Republican interlude, a coronation ceremony was held, where the teenager was dressed in Serbian royal regalia, crowned and anointed as the new King of Serbia, Petar II.\n\nDue to his young age, a Regency will have to be established, and while Živković is sure to lead it, he will require the support of sympathetic politicians from the former Republic to remain in power, as few of them as there are. The King himself, however, does not seem to be that satisfied with the change of affairs. Though he understands the duty of kinghood bestowed upon him, the poverty and gloom of his new kingdom is a jarring change from Canada, where he's spent his entire life. Still, however, though he may reign, he does not rule, and so his opinion matters little.
Long live the King!
The Assassination of Jaša Prodanović
The first President of the Serbian Republic and one of the most venerated statesmen from the Republican Party, Jakov \
Understood.
Clipping the Wings of the Hawk
Locked away in their lodges and secret discussion groups, the Konspiracija and the rest of the Serbian militarist lobby probably assumed that the whims of the civilian government are little to worry about. They owe their republic to the efforts of the nationalist-minded conspiracy, and they would not dare to make any more than a show of force against them. They ended up paying for their overconfidence.\n\nWith each passing day, more and more evidence of the Army's hand in the assassination of Prodanović came to light, all of which, coupled with some clever propaganda and opinion swaying here and there, turned the population against the military. The nation united itself in a cry for justice, not just for Prodanović, but also for hundreds of others who have been disappeared, executed or crippled by the iron hand of the military.\n\nThis was no longer 1903 and a revenge coup d'etat would not work. Hence, the Konspiracija accepted its defeat. One by the other, resignations came from the army and from the bureaucracy, of officers and politicians who have been revealed to be complicit in the conspiracy, and see no other option but to step away. While it might only be a temporary victory, it is the first real one achieved against the Konspiracija.
Liberty survives another day.
£national_populist_texticon §YNational Populist§! popularity is capped to a maximum of 15%.
Fading Democracy
Whether through a calculated move or as an act of unprecedented boldness, the democratically elected government of Serbia chose to make a stand against their benefactors, openly accusing the Serbian Army and its secret cliques of having murdered the former President. The motivations behind this turn, no matter what they were, matter little today, as their results have been disastrous. Sensing that the civilian government is making the accusation from fragile grounds, the Konspiracija has retaliated, mobilising everything at their disposal.\n\nThe coalition in the Skupština has fractured as more and more deputies voice their concern with the President's \
Several months have passed, and little action is seen from the government or the law enforcement. Is it fear, knowing that if they poke too deep and accuse someone too powerful of having committed the murder? Or is it a secret acceptance that the Konspiracija have grown too powerful for anyone to control? The investigation has receded, and soon, the courts hastily declared that the former President was shot by a lone Royalist fanatic.\n\nNo longer can the President and his ministers walk safely in night, knowing that they might be next on the secret society's kill list. Their last chance to blunt the fangs of \
Alas...
£national_populist_texticon  §YNational Populist§! popularity is capped to a minimum of 11% (Level 2 Konspiracija Control)\nAll anti-Konspiracija focuses and ideas are disabled.
Elections of [GetYear]
According to the Constitution, elections to the Skupština are to be held every five years. The term of the current assembly has expired and the time has come to elect a new one - which shall elect a new President and a cabinet of Ministers to govern the country for the next five years. While there are numerous parties beginning their campaigns, only two stand a chance at gaining enough seats to form a new government. Which one shall prevail?
The Republicans form a left-wing popular front again.
The People's Radical Party takes the lion's share of the vote.
Ivan Mihajlov Crosses the Border
While Bulgaria has been reeling from the loss of its rightful lands across the Balkans, Macedonian refugees on our soil have been plotting their next move and getting ready to spring to action. A leading role in this movement has been assumed by Ivan Mihajlov, a Macedonian war veteran, reserve officer and law professor in Sofia, who served as an aide to the legendary leader of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation, Todor Aleksandrov.\n\nToday, our law enforcement authorities report that Mihajlov and several dozens of Macedonian veterans have vanished, and rumours tell that they have secretly crossed the Serbian-Bulgarian border. And it appears that they crossed it well prepared, with weaponry and supplies to boot.
...Observe the situation.
Return of the IMRO
The mere mention of the Vnatrešna Makedonska Revolucionerna Organizacija (Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation) will fill elderly Serbians with troubled thoughts. An ultranationalist, revolutionary terror group, the IMRO long fought for a Bulgarian Macedonia, with brutal pre-Weltkrieg uprisings in Ilinden and Tikveš against any power that got in the way of their so-called \
The mere mention of the Vnatrešna Makedonska Revolucionerna Organizacija (Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation) will fill elderly Serbians with troubled thoughts. An ultranationalist, revolutionary terror group, the IMRO long fought for a Bulgarian Macedonia, with brutal pre-Weltkrieg uprisings in Ilinden and Tikveš against any power that got in the way of their so-called \
Oh God.
The Lull in Macedonia - Round #[?IMRO_round_system]
The mountains and hills of Macedonia make the region a godsend to any would-be guerrilla revolutionary, and so, the conflict against the IMRO takes place in the form of irregular, small-scale warfare. Armed Macedonian bands, the Chetas, infiltrate the rest of Macedonia from the organisation's headquarters in the mountains, against which the Serbian Army and law enforcement responds with regular patrols and similarly small-scale organisation. Our resources in this war are limited, however. Should we defend the larger cities in the north such as Skopje? Or should we focus on the rural mountainous south?
Focus on cities in the north.
Focus on villages in the south.
Victory!
The Macedonian rebels struck at midnight, but our forces were prepared, and retaliated harshly. After several engagements across the countryside, the IMRO has suffered serious losses and was forced to retaliate. The war continues, but we have scored an impressive victory today.
Thus unto all criminals!
Defeat!
Our strategy has turned out to be miscalculated. Positions which were reinforced ended up spending the last month twiddling their thumbs whilst the Macedonian revolutionaries successfully raided several undefended villages and supply depots. While we can still try to make up for this loss, the IMRO has scored a victory today.
Hunt down those criminals!
The Lull Ceases
The irregular small-scale warfare in Macedonia cannot last forever. The tension in the region is picking up and the General Staff reports that the roads are safe for large army movement - should the situation allow it, the Serbian Army may be able to launch a full scale offensive into IMRO-occupied regions. The results of the guerrilla conflict in the past three months will have effect, too - and they are...
The IMRO gains an advantage
Serbia gains an advantage
Chaos and Disorder in Macedonia
Our efforts to restore order in southern Serbia have been hamstrung by a loss of order in many of the region's districts. The IMRO have been hard at work, assassinating officials, raiding villages and eliminating communications to see this through - and because of their efforts, our ability to respond has been severely paralysed.
Bastards!
Occupation of Pirin Macedonia
The ongoing conflict in Serbia has spilled over to Bulgarian soil - combatants of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation, seeking a refuge from Serbian authorities from which they will be able to plan new offensives and terrorist attacks, have landed in the Pirin region in the southwest. Since then, they have seized effective control of the region. Our authorities and any of their attempts to maintain order there have been powerless, and Mihajlov's organisation has established a \
Not great, not terrible...
Assassinations!
Not content with merely sowing terror in the local populace of Macedonia and the Serbian people, the IMRO have moved on to targeting soldiers and officers of the country's armed forces. Throughout the past few weeks, their fanatical hitmen have been active in gunning down Serbian officers or taking them out with car bombs, with little regard for their own lives and safety. Though we have hastily increased security measures to keep our commanders safe, the IMRO's work has had the effect they wanted - the Serbian Army reels from the damage caused, even a few of our highest commanding officers have been incapacitated and will not be able to return to the front lines for some time.
You will pay back in blood for every life you claimed.
The Fall of Macedonia
Days turned to weeks and weeks turned to months, and the war in Macedonia has bent more and more against Serbia's favour. Waves of soldiers are sent to maintain order in the region, and yet return in coffins. With each casualty, with each act of terror, the opinion of the populace has increasingly turned against the Serbian authorities, and as they failed to put the situation under control, the situation has turned completely uncontrollable. In the end, a temporary retreat from the region has been called, to consolidate the army's positions in the north and cut unnecessary losses.\n\nSkopje, the capital of Macedonia, is now a picturesque sight. Burning Serbian memorabilia in bonfires, triumphantly standing atop of buildings and mosques, Macedonian militants wave their red-black banner and chant the words of the \
Damn it...
We shall not stand for this! Death to Bulgaria!
We shall not stand for this! Death to Macedonia!
Open Warfare in Macedonia
As war unfolds around Serbia, the Macedonian region grows even more unruly than before. Soldiers once used to police the countryside are forced to be diverted elsewhere, giving the IMRO room to breathe, and allowing them to enact the next stage of their plan to liberate Macedonia. In the mountains surrounding the Vardar Valley, voivodes of the IMRO have gathered to proclaim the independence of the \
They refuse to hide any more. And so, they shall die.
Order Restored in Macedonia
A victorious military campaign has put an end to the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation's terror in Southern Serbia. Their armed bands and detachments have been scattered one after the other, crushed by superior Serbian arms, and order has been restored completely. Hundreds, if not thousands have perished during the conflict, and the civilian population has suffered greatly, both in reprisals and in acts of terror. Now that the flames of civil war have receded, however, some peace has returned to the region.\n\nFor the time being, Southern Serbia will remain under military occupation and reconstruction will have to take place before it is integrated back into the greater Serbian nation once again.
Hurrah to Serbdom!
War is Imminent!
As our allies' armies mobilise and march to the borders of our enemies, there is a certain truth. Within weeks, [SER.GetNameDef] will be at war, aiming to reclaim their lost lands. It is time for us to do the same, so we are ready to invade once the declaration of war has been sent.
We will be ready.
Serbia Mobilises for War
We have received worrying news from Belgrade. It appears that Serbia, along with her allies, are mobilising for war against us. Despite their attempts to cover up their intentions, armies have been seen preparing along the borders of the Empire. We haven't yet received an explanation from the Serbian Embassy in Vienna, however many officials believe it's only a matter of time before a formal declaration of war is handed to the Emperor.
We will defeat them like last time.
The War Against Austria
The army is ready, planes are fuelled and a formal declaration of war, on behalf of our allies within the [Root.GetFactionName], has been written up. War against Vienna is imminent, almost certain, but not everyone is on board with it. At the eleventh hour, [Root.GetLeader] met with a group of [Root.GetRulingParty] ministers in private. The cadre of officials all share similar concerns about our chances. [AUS.GetNameDefCap] is a formidable military force, thousands of our men will die, and a victory is nowhere near assured. Revanchism is one thing, but is gambling the fate of the [Root.GetAdjective] nation worth it?\n\nAfter a prolonged meeting, and a correspondence to foreign minister, the officials exited their meeting with their intentions made clear.
In the midst of our war against [AUS.GetNameDef], we have received information that our allies are finally following suit. To them, war against Vienna is imminent, even if not everyone is on board with it, but we have been fighting the conflict for a while now, and can thus only wait for their support to finally come.
To war, Austria Delenda Est!
We will not go to war today.
Onwards, for victory!
The Balkan Research Initiative
Recently, [From.GetNameDef] has set up the \
Of course we'll join!
We don't trust them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Join the Research Initiative
Today we received word back from [From.GetNameDef], who have rejected our invitation to the Balkan Research Initiative. In their polite, but firm statement, [From.GetAdjectiveCap] diplomats cited their inability to trust our intentions behind the organisation, and subsequently do not feel comfortable sharing their state secrets with Belgrade.
Their loss.
End of the Balkan Research Initiative
Today, [From.GetAdjectiveCap] embassy has given us a rather expected telegram. Following our declaration of war on a member of the Balkan Research Initiative, [From.GetNameDef] has taken the executive decision to remove us from the Initiative with immediate effect, while also holding onto the military and industrial plans that we had shared with them in the past. In essence, we have forfeited our rather privileged position.
Today, [From.GetAdjectiveCap] embassy has given us a rather expected telegram. Following our exit from the [From.GetFactionName], [From.GetNameDef] has taken the executive decision to remove us from the Initiative with immediate effect, while also holding onto the military and industrial plans that we had shared with them in the past. In essence, we have forfeited our rather privileged position.
Drat.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wishes to Join the [Root.GetFactionName]
We have received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef], in which they have requested to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. In their message, they cited the long-standing bonds between [From.GetAdjectiveCap] and our governments, while also pledging their military and air force towards any future conflicts the [ROOT.GetFactionName] finds itself in. How should we respond?
More allies are always welcome.
They're more trouble than they'd be worth.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Alliance
It appears our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] have borne fruit. Today, diplomats from [From.GetNameDef] met with our officials, formally accepting our request to rejoin our former brothers-in-arms in their future conflicts against the capitalists. In the coming days, a formal treaty will be signed between [Root.GetNameDef] and members of the [From.GetFactionName], solidifying our reforged diplomatic bonds.
It appears our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] have borne fruit. Today, diplomats from [From.GetNameDef] met with the Prime Minister, formally accepting our request to rejoin our former brothers-in-arms in their future conflicts against the Syndicalists. In the coming days, a formal treaty will be signed between [Root.GetNameDef] and members of the [From.GetFactionName], solidifying our reforged diplomatic bonds.
It appears our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] have borne fruit. Today, diplomats from [From.GetNameDef] met with our officials, formally accepting our request to rejoin our cultural brothers in their future conflicts against the hegemon of Europe. In the coming days, a formal treaty will be signed between [Root.GetNameDef] and [From.GetNameDef], solidifying our reforged diplomatic bonds.
It appears our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] have borne fruit. Today, diplomats from [From.GetNameDef] met with the Prime Minister, formally accepting our request to join our former enemies in their future conflicts against the Syndicalists. In the coming days, a formal treaty will be signed between [Root.GetNameDef] and members of the [From.GetFactionName], solidifying our reforged diplomatic bonds.
Allies once again!
Let us hope the other side of the trenches is more welcoming...
[former_pact_leader.GetNameDefCap] Disbands the Belgrade Pact
Today, we've received an urgent message from [former_pact_leader.GetNameDef]. Following recent diplomatic negotiations, [former_pact_leader.GetAdjectiveCap] officials have moved to disband the Belgrade Pact, citing that the situation of Europe has immeasurably changed, and a small regional alliance will be unable to protect the Balkans from external threats any longer. They've implored us to follow their lead in seeking protection from larger powers, and have apologised for the situation.
Important news has reached us today - [former_pact_leader.GetNameDef] has officially dissolved the Belgrade Pact, having announced an alliance with [future_serbian_ally.GetNameDef]. It seems that while the Belgrade Pact was useful for containing regional threats in the Balkans, it would ultimately be unable to stand against the major powers in Western Europe by itself, hence [former_pact_leader.GetNameDef]'s decision to join the [future_serbian_ally.GetFactionName]. The question to be asked now is if we follow them or strike our own path instead.
Time to seek our own path.
Contact [future_serbian_ally.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and ask for an alliance.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Alliance
It appears our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] have failed. Today, diplomats from [From.GetNameDef] gave a formal response to the Prime Minister, rejecting our attempts to join the [From.GetFactionName] outright. It appears that for now, for better or worse, we'll remain diplomatically isolated from the major powers of Europe.
So much for \
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks to Join Our Alliance
Following the dissolution of the Belgrade Pact, [From.GetNameDef] has been left isolated, surrounded by many nations that have lukewarm relations with it at best. We have received a message from their embassy in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. Left with little alternative, the government of Bucharest has requested ‘cooperation' between our two nations in military affairs. There is a condition attached to this however. In exchange for [From.GetAdjective] entry into the [ROOT.GetFactionName], we must officially renounce all claims to Bessarabia and the [From.GetAdjective] majority territories in Galicia. This is certainly a steep price for us to pay although the benefits are also significant - denying Germany one of its major oil suppliers as well as potentially gaining us a major ally in the Balkans. What should our reply be?
Following [SER.GetNameDef] entry into the Russian Sphere, we have received a request from [From.GetNameDef], a former Belgrade Pact member. It seems as though they have weighed up their options following its dissolution and have expressed their interest in entering a military alliance with us. Should we accept, or is their membership unneeded?
[SER_russia_accept_ally_text]
[SER_russia_refuse_ally_text]
It is time for us to put this feud behind us.
Bessarabia is Russian!
Welcome aboard!
No, we don't trust them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused!
We've received a response from [From.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] about our request for a military alliance today. After careful consideration, we have been declined entry into the [FROM.GetAdjective] sphere, stating that our foreign policy and national goals simply did not align with theirs. It appears as though we will have to look elsewhere for assistance.
They are either crazy, or desire our territory. Probably both.
The Serbian Radical Union
The People's Radical Party and the Agrarians have maintained close ties between each other ever since the latter's formation from Main Association of Serbian Agricultural Cooperatives in 1919. While the Agrarians have generally been a movement representing very specific rural concerns, their alliance with the Radicals granted them the ability to address them, while the Radicals could not say no to a reliable partner in the Skupština and outside of it — a mutually beneficial relationship.\n\nWith the initiative of President Milan Stojadinović, the two parties have made a next step in their cooperation by joining into a single party — the Serbian Radical Union. The President will maintain his role as party leader in the new association, but party elections will be held in all chapters to determine the vice-chairmen and secretaries, with one of the vice positions already reserved to Milan Gavrilović, the leader of the former Agrarian Party.\n\nNicknamed \
A toast to our new comrades!
Stojadinović's Call for Action
The situation in the Balkans and across the world has not necessarily developed to Serbia's advantage.\n\nHowever, the natural mission of the Serbs still remains. There is no other nation capable of being to the South Slavs as Prussia was to the German peoples, or Piedmont was to Italians. Only once we complete this objective will the South Slavs be able to prosper in peace - as today, divided between different tribes, they are dominated by foreign powers and unable to wield the full extent of their abilities. Today, after twenty years of rest and preparation, the Serbs are once again at war, with the exact same goal in mind.\n\nI recognise the hesitation of my peers and the people of Serbia, having suffered greatly the last time this has happened. I believe that Nikola Pašić had the same hesitation in his heart when the first Austrian shells fell upon Belgrade and we were subject to the torment of their occupation. And to ensure that this does not happen again, I propose a regime of national unity, a period in which all Serbs will be able to set their differences aside and work together for a joint future. While the Skupština will remain, its composition will have to remain the same until the South Slavs are finally united, and decisions in the assembly made from here on out not by partisan differences, but by the needs of the Nation and its liberating goals.\n\nI have spoken to the Republican and Socialist leadership, and while there is obvious reservation among their ranks, I have to ensure them that I do not seek to use this as means of making myself rule alone. The Constitution will remain throughout, and I will make sure to orchestrate a summit of representatives from each of the parties where we will be able to delineate national policy...
Intriguing...
Conflict within the Consolidated Government
The Council for National Unification, though created with the goal of fostering national unity in the face of future conflict, is not immune to internal squabbling. Uniting several ideologies within the inter-party committees, it is bound to see those parties disagree on the road ahead.\n\nThis time, issues arose between the Radicals and Republicans, the former forced to defend their nation-consolidating policies against the latter's criticism of the possible violation of democratic principle.
The Council for National Unification, though created with the goal of fostering national unity in the face of future conflict, is not immune to internal squabbling. Uniting several ideologies within the inter-party committees, it is bound to see those parties disagree on the road ahead.\n\nThis time, issues arose between the Radicals and Socialists - an understandable disagreement between the internationalist ideal of the SRP and the Radicals' vehement hatred of such nation-erasing viewpoints.
The Council for National Unification, though created with the goal of fostering national unity in the face of future conflict, is not immune to internal squabbling. Uniting several ideologies within the inter-party committees, it is bound to see those parties disagree on the road ahead.\n\nThis time, issues arose between the Republicans and Socialists - the latter attacking the capitalistic and undemocratic measures of the consolidated government, and the former forced to reluctantly defend them.
Stop! Get some help!
Petar II Placed in House Arrest
After several incidents over the regency period have finally eroded the patience of Petar Živković's regency council, the teenage King has been placed under house arrest to withdrawing from public life until his eighteenth birthday. All of his public appearances and foreign attendances have been cancelled and replaced by attendances by ministers of the Royalist cabinet.
Good riddance!
A Visit at Midnight
The office of the President has received a lone visitor tonight, in between the soaking rain and thunder. No forewarning, nobody else in tow, just a lone Dragomir Vasić, excusing himself past the Presidential Guard by informing that he is here for an emergency meeting with a fellow member of the Council of National Unification. Though hesitant, the President accepted his predecessor into the office.\n\nFormer President Vasić was never known for constraining himself with proper etiquette and manners, and did not break character tonight, either. Without mincing his words, the Republican declared that he saw through Stojadinović's intentions - whenever he spoke of defending Serbia through national unity, he only sought personal power to himself and to his clique within the SRZ. Turning himself unchecked by the Skupština, he is eroding democracy, building a cult of personality around himself, and following immediately after the late King Aleksandar.\n\nVasić stopped just short of an ultimatum to the President, but nevertheless informed that the Radicals and the Republicans are now at an impasse, and the rest of the Republican party committee agrees - they are heavily discussing on the future of the SONU, and if it becomes any more clear that Stojadinović is using his emergency powers to consolidate his rule into an autocracy, then they will fully withdraw their support - preparation for war against Austria, real or fictional, will not be above their commitment to democracy.
What are you insinuating?! I work within the Council's constraints!
You reassure Vasić that the SONU will relinquish its duties to the Skupština after the war against Austria.
Is this talk of treason? Treason against me?!
Vasić loudly proclaims \
The SONU is fully committed to democracy.
The SONU is §Rnot§! fully committed to democracy.
The Fall of SONU
Before the Skupština, representing the Republican delegation, Milan Grol delivered a speech explaining that their party was no longer able to cooperate with President Milan Stojadinović and the Radical Union — all while delivering cold comments on the, as the former Prime Minister put it, \
Fine. Democracy is a rotting corpse anyway.
Importing Aviation Expertise
Throughout the post-Weltkrieg period, there were two power blocs we could rely on for rearmament. The Russian state, as weak as it has been left by the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, has never shied away from supporting the Serbian cause, either out of the feeling of Slavic brotherhood or because of geopolitical advantages. In the West, however, the Syndicalist states, especially France, have increasingly become a valuable trade partner ever since the Republican Revolution. After all, we have a common enemy - Austria and Germany - whom the Syndicalists would love to see destabilised by a resurgent Serbia.\n\nEither of these powers, if they are currently in the condition to support us, can help us to rebuild the Serbian air force.
The Russians.
The French syndicalists.
We need to be self-sufficient.
Rebuilding the Air Fleet
Aiming to rebuild our nonexistent air fleet from scratch, we once again turn towards our foreign contractors. The mass-produced Russian air force has enough old fighter planes to go around to build an entirely new air force with, whereas our comrades in the West are less endowed in that regard. On the other hand, the French air command is willing to cooperate with Serbian manufacturers on the production of local, French-influenced fighter designs.
Tap the Russians.
Tap the French.
Focus on local designs.
Attack Aircraft Acquisition
A fleet of fighter planes is of little use if we cannot use our air force to support the troops on the ground - thankfully, we have several options to choose from. The vast size of Russia means that the Russian air fleet specialises in tactical bombers, which can make long distances, strike enemy formations hundreds of kilometres away, and return safely. The French, on the other hand, rely on smaller, faster fighter-bombers, designed to strike German forces over the border, which are superior at dogfighting and can strike enemy troops far more accurately.
Tactical bombers will give us the long-term edge
Fighter-bombers are more useful in this region
Vidovdan
Vidovdan represents the day to commemorate Saint Prince Lazar and the Serbian holy martyrs who gave their lives to defend the true faith during the epic Battle of Kosovo against the Ottoman Empire on June 28, 1389. It is regarded as a national holiday in Serbia.
Serbia will never forget its heroes!
Construction of the Belgrade-Salonica Railway
Since the end of the 4th Balkan War and our reclamation of Macedonia, Serbian and Greek contractors have been upgrading and connecting the rail lines from Belgrade to Salonica, which would allow for a continuous journey between the two nations' heartlands. Today, the first Belgrade-Salonica train journey was undertaken, starting in Serbia and snaking south into Greece. The journey was finished by a meeting of the Serbian and Greek prime ministers, a show of political unity between the Balkan nations.
Serbia will never forget its allies!
[From.GetName] Wants to Buy the HMS Lion
[From.GetName], which is in a process of industrialisation and rearmament, has offered to buy the outdated battlecruiser HMS Lion which will become the flagship of their navy. This will surely lead to better relations with the [From.GetAdjective] government and can help them in taking on the navies of their neighbours.
We could profit from selling this old junk.
No, every ship is needed!
[From.GetName] Agrees to Sell Us the HMS Lion
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to sell us the HMS Lion. The ship is now on its way to our ports. With this addition, our navy can reign over the Adriatic Sea.
A day for celebration!
[From.GetName] Refuses to Sell Us the HMS Lion
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused to sell us an old battlecruiser to serve as the flagship of our fleet. We have to search for another solution.
We will remember this.
The Final Step?
Throughout the past few years, democracy in Serbia has been increasingly eroded - and today, it is unrecognisable from the militant republic it had been a mere few years ago. The Council of National Unification still stands, technically, but the parties which haven't already withdrawn from its membership have long since been turned into controlled opposition, mere puppets to pretend that Serbia is now anything but a one-man dictatorship. Political crackdowns are now commonplace and elections are suspended permanently. The Konspiracija, seen by a few as a guarantee of the Republic, now stands completely behind the President - his regime has made Serbia stronger than anyone could have expected, and it's no secret that quite a few officers in the military like his style of rule...\n\nToday, only one question is left to answer - where shall Stojadinović lead Serbia next? The masses of uniformed paramilitaries on the streets and the corporatist clique in charge will both follow the President wherever he will go. Should he merely draft a new, authoritarian constitution to maintain his regime for decades? Or should he tap into a small, long suppressed, but nevertheless existing monarchist current deep within the Radical Party? Pašić and his party never truly broke their vows to the House of Karađorđević, and now that republicanism has been completely destroyed, could anyone stop Stojadinović from inviting the heir to the throne to serve as his puppet?
I am the Vođa, the new Autocrat!
Send a letter to Canada, the Kingdom is reborn!
Control over Populace Consolidated
So much has been accomplished in such a short time. Despite their pacifist origins, the Socialists led a war against Bulgaria with no fear in their eyes, and returned victorious. Niš, Skopje, and other cities once ripped from Serbia are once again a part of the nation. And it was not merely a successful war which the regime of the left has brought. Already, important social reforms have been put into place, their first dividends trickling down to the people below - a show of generosity which the frustrated masses will not forget in a while.\n\nThe strength of the government among the people is greater than ever.
All in a day's work.
Control over Military Consolidated
The Serbian military, long a hotbed for reactionaries, conservatives, monarchists and conspiracies seeking to control the civilian regime, was believed to be the greatest challenge to the newly elected SRP government. Even it has failed to stop the ongoing cause of the revolution, however - its old conservative generals are now retired in their cabins, removed from power, all while a new guard of uppity officers are running the military-like petty kings.\n\nThe strength of the government among the military is greater than ever.
All in a day's work.
Control over Parliament Consolidated
The left-wing regime came to power in the form of a coalition, working together with moderate groups and parties towards a common goal. Though observers initially predicted that the Socialists and Republicans will work as a moderate force against the revolutionary SRP, this has proven to not be the case. One after another, these moderates have either been frightened into going with the SRP's policies or changed their ideological positions entirely, engulfed by a wave of revolutionary sentiment which permeates all of Serbian society today. Even the members of the Skupština who are in opposition can do little to make things change - the power of the legislature is increasingly being eroded.\n\nThe strength of the government among high politics is greater than ever.
All in a day's work.
The Revolution
With the support of thousands of citizens on the street and commanding absolute loyalty from the Party, the Nation and the Army, President Trifun Kaclerović slowly dictated the final step of the Revolution to a silent, paralysed Skupština. Besieged by reactionaries seeking to extinguish democracy and restore the monarchy, he has no choice but to call a state of emergency and begin the thorough transformation of the state to ensure that the interests of the people are forever guarded. In Belgrade, Niš, Podgorica and other cities, popular militias were seizing power from local authorities and enacting justice upon all they deem enemies of the people. The army, paralysed by purges and losing out in its influence, had little power to stop the uprising, and one after the other, its leadership were being arrested for charges real or imaginary.\n\nIn the midst of the burning revolutionary flame, the Serbian Socialist Republic has been proclaimed - and the Socialist Workers' Party as its sole legal party.
Death to Codreanites and the bourgeoisie!
Collapse of the Socialist Workers' Party
The Socialist Workers' Party was elected with the promise of truly staggering reform - a path of revolutionary socialism which, at least for a while, swayed a large portion of the population. A year has passed since, however, and little has been accomplished thus far. While some achievements have indeed been put into place, the lack of action against the enemies of the workers has left a large radical wing of the party alienated.\n\nConvinced that the SRP has betrayed the cause of socialism and become a class-collaborationist party, rather than one which fights for a worker's revolution, this wing has broken away, initiating the collapse of the Party into several movements. President Trifun Kaclerović now only commands the moderates of the party in the Skupština, and although they have now merged with the moderate Socialists, they no longer command a majority in the legislature and will hardly be able to command majority support for their plans from there on out. Chances are that the voters will not be kind to the Socialists in the next election, either...
But what about unity in the face of reaction?!
The Kingdom's Future
The October coup and the restoration of the monarchy have allowed hundreds of exiles to return to Serbia - these were hardline monarchists, loyalists of the Karađorđević dynasty, who were either expelled from the Republic or fled on their own accord. These ten years of exile have had a toll on many of them - coping with the loss of the monarchy was difficult, and the conditions of exile hardened their resolve. The rise of the Iron Guard in Romania had its effect as well - it showed to Serbian monarchists a way how the monarchy can not only survive, but be strengthened and its energy rejuvenated for the modern age.\n\nHaving returned home, these radical monarchists have joined forces with Dimitrije Ljotić - one of the few monarchists who participated in the elections in the Serbian republic, and whose far-right ideas are in close accord with the movement. To them, the restoration of the monarchy is only the beginning of the journey. The Kingdom fell for a reason, it became too passive and did not mobilise the support of the people, and abandoned its traditional roots, which insidiously eroded its stability from within. Nothing less than a complete restructuring of society will satisfy them.
These energetic youths have some good ideas...
The Dictatorship of November 6th
Having stabilised his power after the initial chaos, Petar Živković has made an official announcement to the Serbian people today. From here on out, the newly reborn Kingdom of Serbia will be run by a Regency Council, appointed from members of the newly established \
For God and Fatherland!
The Serbian Radical Peasants' Democracy
Formed soon after the Royalist coup to legitimise their newly established rule, the Radical Peasants' Democracy is still young and its ideology is not yet fully defined. Its members are gathered from all across the monarchist movement, from moderate politicians drawn from the former establishment, to veterans of the White Hand secret society, to radical young officers who spent their years in embittered exile. In the following years, the actions and reforms of the Regency shall define its nature, and decide the form of state which Petar II will inherit.
We shall tread the correct path.
Matters of the Regency
The radical monarchist faction within the Radical Peasants' Democracy continues to grow, subsuming more of the party and of the greater monarchist movement. Today, a prominent publication was released in their unofficial newspaper, \
The radical monarchist faction within the Radical Peasants' Democracy continues to grow, subsuming more of the party and of the greater monarchist movement. Today, the White Eagles paramilitary organisation has held a mass rally on the streets of Belgrade, proclaiming their support to the restored Serbian monarchy and calling for the \
The radical monarchist faction within the Radical Peasants' Democracy continues to grow, subsuming more of the party and of the greater monarchist movement. Today, large masses of White Eagles, ZBORniks and other radical monarchist organisations organised a mass impromptu volunteer labour action in the Serbian countryside. Hundreds of nationalist youth were sent to villages and individual farms to help the local farming communities without payment. Though the effects of the action were meagre, it was heavily propagandised in nationalist newspapers, describing it as a living example of the Zadruga ideal - communalism and a return to the agrarian nature of the Serbian people.
The White Hand, forever loyal supporters of the House of Karađorđević, continue to consolidate their hold over the Radical Peasants' Democracy and the greater monarchist movement. Today, a large military parade was held on the streets of Belgrade, the rejuvenated Serbian Army has chosen to showcase both its military might and its loyalty to the monarchy. Famous Serbian military marches were rehearsed and the parade was finished with a dramatic singing of the anthem of the Yugoslavian movement, \
The White Hand, forever loyal supporters of the House of Karađorđević, continue to consolidate their hold over the Radical Peasants' Democracy and the greater monarchist movement. Today, the military has chosen to give hell to known underground resistance - several republican and socialist leaders, as well as defectors from the army who opposed the coup of 1936 were rooted from their hiding holes. During the Republican interregnum, the Monarchists were violently repressed, and only the sycophants and the harmless radicals were allowed to operate, aiming to discredit the movement. Now that they were in power, they could take all the revenge they wanted.
The White Hand, forever loyal supporters of the House of Karađorđević, continue to consolidate their hold over the Radical Peasants' Democracy and the greater monarchist movement. Today, General Petar Živković and his clique have successfully made several important contracts with the Serbian upper class - the businesses who believed themselves to be threatened by radical Republican and Socialist rhetoric, and former leaders of the NRS who chose to change sides during the Coup of 1936. The ties between the Radicals and the White Hand go far, and while they have been severed somewhat in the past, Živković has diligently worked to restore them ever since the declaration of the November 6th Dictatorship.
Several scandals and internal conflicts have shaken the Radical Peasants' Democracy in the past few weeks. It appears several of the more ambitious personas in the party have spoken out against our current direction, leading to debate and open conflict over the extent of the Regency's powers and ideological bent. It appears that the lack of a defined direction in our party is shaking its integrity.
For King and Fatherland!
Long live Serbia!
Stop! Are we not allies?!
Whispers in the Shadows
Our King Petar II is rapidly reaching maturity, and yet the system he is about to inherit does not satisfy everyone in the Kingdom - neither in the army nor in the government. It is highly expected that either the White Hand or the radical monarchist caucus will gain control of the affairs of the state and maintain this control after the King's eighteenth birthday. For those who remember his father's Royal Dictatorship unfavourably, such a future is hard to swallow - is it not a mistake to blindly cling onto this despotic past, when it might have been the reason why the Kingdom fell in the first place?\n\nFortunately for those who were democratically aligned, King Petar II did not grow up to be an incompetent figurehead swayed easily by his Regent's ambitions. Already, he has shown a propensity for independent action opposing the wishes of his officials directly, with a political vision behind it. With this in mind, he has been approached by a slowly developing conspiracy in the shadows of the Regency, commanded by General Dušan Simović, a leading member of the Konspiracija before the October coup.\n\nIn a series of secret talks, General Simović has offered the removal of the Regency and the bestowal of all of the royal powers to him before maturity. With Živković, Ljotić and other hardliners sidelined, a provisional government will be able to spearhead the creation of a constitutional monarchy, just like the one he left in Canada years ago.
Give General Simović the green light.
Keep these talks secret, but decline.
Ides of March
The key role in the coup was played by officers in the Serbian air force, who were completely loyal to Dušan Simović and so acted out the general's orders without question. Alongside loyal elements of the army, they seized control of communications in Belgrade and cut telegraph lines in preparation for the main event. King Petar II himself had to take initiative in the next part, a decision made despite protest by numerous conspirators due to the monarch's age and thus assumed unreliability. Nevertheless, the plot proceeded.\n\nOn the day of the coup, the King held a feast where all the leading personalities of the Regency, including the Regent, Petar Živković, and the informal leader of the radical faction of the Radical Peasants' Democracy, Dimitrije Ljotić, were required to attend. Rising up from his seat before the attendees, Petar II declared himself of age and the assumption of his full royal powers - his first act as an absolute monarch is to call for the arrest of everyone in the room. Before anyone could protest, the conspiracy activated, and armed officers stormed the hall.\n\nThe King later made a speech on the radio confirming this transfer of power to the celebration of Belgrade's citizens. Demonstrations in support of Petar II and Dušan Simović continued for several days after.
Long live the King!
The New Government
The fall of the White Hand is now all but certain - but who shall lead Serbia from here on out. Eager to assert himself and picturing a romantic vision of a peaceful, beloved constitutional monarchy in his mind, Petar II has expressed his wish to appoint a Prime Minister from the Democratic Party. They are former Republicans and moderate Radicals who reformed themselves as a constitutional monarchist party, endorsing the restoration of full democracy and the amendment of the Constitution of 1903 to fit the needs of the present day.\n\nGeneral Dušan Simović, however, is not as eager to take such a sudden lunge to the left. Picturing himself as a mentor to the young monarch, he offered a government formed by the People's Radical Party instead - this veteran political machine has survived much political upheaval over the years and a brief Regency Dictatorship certainly could not kill them either. Their politicians promise a return to the golden years of Petar II's grandfather and his namesake, and their conservative ideals will certainly make a transition from the dictatorial Regency more palatable for the monarchists who supported the coup.
We need to appease the former republicans
A renewed Radical Party will restore Serbia's Golden Age
Elections of [GetYear]
According to the Constitution, elections to the Skupština are to be held every four years. The term of the current assembly has expired and the time has come to elect a new one - which shall propose a cabinet of Ministers to the King which will govern the country for the next four years. While there are numerous parties starting their campaigns, only two stand a chance at gaining enough seats to form a new government. Which one shall prevail?
The Democratic Party forms the new government
The People's Radical Party wins handily
The King's Regime
His Majesty the King of the Serbs, Petar II Karađorđević has finally come 18 years of age today, and in an impressive ceremony in the city of Belgrade, he has finally symbolically been granted all the powers of the throne. Regent Petar Živković, generals and officers of the White Hand, and the Cabinet of Ministers all bowed before the King as he proclaimed that he shall defend the integrity of Serbia and the Crown with all of the power that has been bestowed upon him.\n\nForeign observers mutter that little is expected to change in Belgrade after the event. The Regency may have resigned, but the influence of its years in power lingers, and the faction of the Radical Peasants' Democracy which gained control of the party in the preceding years will almost certainly form the new government. King Petar II may be a different man from his father and grandfather, but he remains only a symbol - the Royal Dictatorship, which he has little control over, will certainly continue for years if not decades.
This is a new page in the history of Serbdom!
We, the loyal servants of Karađorđević, triumphed!
The Putsch
Though the Yugoslav state is fresh, already resentment with the new state of affairs begins to build up — or, rather, a search for an opportunity to accomplish plans sought for many years.\n\nThe only real ideology of the Konspiracija secret society is Serbian supremacism, and the idealistic goals of Yugoslavism and a union of the South Slavs have little place within it. The Serbian Cultural Club has been drafting ideas of a \
Long live Greater Serbia!
Chaos in the North
After the defeat of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, numerous soldiers and officers in the Imperial armies refused to switch their sides to Yugoslavia - either they were loyal to the regime in Vienna and now expressed this loyalty by separatist sympathies, or they believed that the Serbs would never give as much autonomy as the Kingdom of Illyria granted to the Slovene, Croatian and Bosniak nations.\n\nThe coup in Belgrade has massively emboldened these remnants, who now organise into mass resistance pockets and seize town after town in the chaos. The Serbian Army reports that control has been lost over much of former Illyria, and more importantly, the Prečani communities in Croatia and Bosnia are being threatened. This has pushed the Nedić putschist government to begin a full force military operation against the Croatian, Slovene and Bosniak uprisings.
These traitors shall be crushed!
The ASOS
Deputies in the Skupština who vehemently opposed the putsch and managed to escape house arrest have made their way to the south of the country, where, in Montenegro, they reformed into a shell of a parliament. Most of the deputies were Socialist Workers, Socialists and left-wing Republicans, who had the most reason to fear the new Konspiracija regime and thus resist it.\n\nThough there were some battalions and reservists which swayed to their side, the exiled Skupština initially appeared toothless, until it began forging alliances with the militant Yugoslav left. Former Pelagićevci guerrillas led by Vukašin Marković rose up one after another and they were followed by Montenegrin, Macedonian and Albanian separatists, allowing this movement to consolidate a semi-strong grip over the south of the country.\n\nIn Cetinje, it declared the formation of the Anti-Reactionary Assembly for the Liberation of Serbia, and have effectively transformed into a Third Internationale-aligned revolutionary organisation.
These traitors shall be crushed!
The Great Betrayal
The actions of President Stamboliyski, in going through with the unthinkable and pledging a formal alliance with the Serbians, were still fresh in the minds of all Bulgarians. It would be an understatement to say that it was controversial and without much debate, but for the most part, it seemed to be swept up in the whole host of other changes that had come to Bulgaria in recent years.\n\nToday this decision has given even more reason to its controversy, as Serbian premier Milan Stojadinović has gone against all pledges of supposed Yugoslavist republican brotherhood, and declared that the Serbian monarchy is to be reinstated.\n\nThe response has been almost unanimous, and the government is hearing for Bulgaria to sever all relations with Serbia immediately. The question remains as where else will Bulgaria be able to look to in the world, and if the dream of a true Yugoslavia is fully extinguished forever.
We can never stand for this!
Surely they don't really mean it? This has to be a joke.
Fall of the Bulgarian Eagle
With a swift and sudden stroke, the Bulgarian overlordship over the Balkans has been overthrown. Their so-called \
Excellent.
Serbia under Bulgarian Occupation
Following the war between Belgrade Pact and Bulgaria in order to destroy Bulgarian hegemony in the Balkans and despite the numeric superiority of our armies, Serbia has been defeated. Since that moment, Bulgarian troops entered Belgrade and secured the last pockets of resistance. The precedent government has been partially arrested, the other party having escaped.\n\nThe Bulgarian authority has put in power Živojin Perić, the leader of the State Party of Serbian Democrats. The party was already in power between 1920 and 1925 but had been overthrown by the Republican Revolution. Now it's upon to them to rebuild the country and reinstate their policies.
A new country must be built.
Beginning of the Progressive Reforms
The party has initiated a series of new reforms to implement their ideas in the country. These reforms will impact the social situation of the country to appease the population. But at the same time they are trying to secure power in Serbia and confront the \
We need to respect democracy and the majority principle.
We need to face off this tyranny by establishing an appointed upper house.
Second Step of the Reforms
Following the debate about the \
We need to ensure the good living of the Serbian people.
Only the one who works should be awarded.
Final Step of the Reforms
Finally after all these debates in the party, the last proposal has emerged. Some members with the most liberal thoughts are thinking about reforming the legislature. Reforms such as the emancipation of women or more protection for workers. These ideas are in continuity with the previous proposal of minimum wage. Meanwhile, the more authoritarian members of the party are afraid of the situation that this proposal could bring to the country. They are instead proposing to take control of the legislature. The government would then control the executive and the legislative power, strengthening its power and taking finally an authoritarian path.
Serbia is a modern country with a modern thought!
Only a strong state can preserve the government from falling down.
Progressive Reforms Take a Liberal Turn
The reforms are now complete and after many decisions between implementing a liberal thought in Serbia or reinforcing the new government authority. The reforms have finally taken a liberal path. In promoting equality, protecting democracy and applying proposals such as a minimum wage, or legal reforms, Serbia has reached a new status as a modern nation and can now be called a model in the Balkans.
Long live Serbia!
Progressive Reforms Take an Authoritarian Turn
The reforms are now complete and after many decisions between implementing a liberal thought in Serbia or reinforcing the new government authority. The reforms have finally taken an authoritarian path. In facing off the dangerous tyranny of the majority with an appointed upper house, creating a welfare system based upon assurantial Bismarck ideas and finally merging executive and legislative power, the Serbian government has finally secured its power and can be recognised as a strong state in the Balkans.
Long live Serbia!
A Meeting in the Shadows
This morning a letter has been sent to the president office. It was a meeting proposal from a remnant of the Konspiracija, he proposed to meet only the leader of the state at 12 pm in a dark suburb of Belgrade. It's been a while since Bulgaria dominates the Serbian nation and some members of the government including Živojin Perić are beginning to consider a possibility of rebellion. Maybe this meeting could lead to a new opportunity but a dangerous one.
Meet him.
No way we betray Bulgaria, arrest him !
Involve Members of the Government?
Following the meeting, it turned out that the resistant was an outstanding member of the Konspiracija whose objective is to invert Bulgarian hegemony with a stab in the back. Živojin Perić and he decided then to unite Serbian resistance against the Bulgarian oppressor, putting aside all forms of ideological misunderstanding. This union will be called \
They can't be trusted.
Perhaps we could gain some political support.
Involve Generals?
The Serbian Army has been humiliated during the war against Bulgaria. Some of our generals do not support collaboration with the victorious. Should we involve them? This could compromise the furtivity of the NCR but at the same time could give us some officer support in case of war.
We shall remain stealth.
Perhaps we could gain some military support.
Find Military Equipment?
Some warehouses in our country are filled in of infantry equipment from the previous war and the Weltkrieg. These guns rot in the dust while they could be useful for our rebellion. The issue is that these hangars are protected by either Bulgarian soldiers or Serbian corrupted soldiers. We could try to bribe them or infiltrate the places discreetly. There's still a chance that one of our operations fails and our stealth could be compromised. What should we do ?
Let's not take any risk for that.
We need these guns at all costs.
Find more Men?
Since the beginning of the century, Serbia loses a lot of men in every war where she was involved. The Weltkrieg and the Fourth Balkan War have been the most deadly. Now for our insurrection we need men to fight the Bulgarian oppressor. By chance, many Serbians appreciate the government for its reforms but see of a very bad eye the alliance with Bulgaria. This will give us many men against them.
Let's not take any risk.
We need these men for the final fight.
Hiding Guns in Churches?
Since the creation of our movement, its furtivity is essential. In fact it's with its stealth that we will be able to declare the most surprising independence from the Bulgarians. Some of our partisans are suggesting that we should hide guns in the churches, like the little ones in the countryside. This way, the guns will be better hidden than in some warehouses of the government and when the uprising will rise, we will be able to get them back without nobody being able to bother us. However, this move poses some ethical problems and some members of the NCR are against the idea of using sacred places in our plans. What should we do?
Do it.
Don't touch the churches.
Recruiting Mercenaries?
Now we know how much support we got. How many guns, men and allies we have already and even what to do with these guns. However, we don't know if it will be enough to seize our independence by force even if we surprise them. Maybe it would be wise to recruit some mercenaries for the moment of the rebellion. We could pretend that we recruiting mercenaries to help with the Bulgarian war effort. It could work for a while.
It's too risky.
We need them.
Clouds are Piling Up
The dice are rolled now, we have to wait and see what our decisions will lead to. We will prepare our insurrection against the Bulgarian oppressor. There are several possibilities: either we have been keeping our movement stealth or we didn't keep it discreet enough, in this case, the uprising can simply fail or Bulgaria can discover the conspiration and destroy us sooner than we expected.
Pray for Serbia.
Independence Succeeds
We were able to maintain sufficient stealth throughout our conspiracy, the Bulgarians did not expect us to rebel, which gives us the advantage by surprise.
We have the high ground.
Conspiration Failed
We couldn't be discreet enough, Bulgaria was suspicious of what we were doing, they sent troops to strategic points and arrested some members of the conspiracy. The rebellion failed, we are not powerful enough to take over the strategic points. We can no longer be independent.
It's over.
Conspiration Discovered!
Bulgaria found out what we were doing, they preferred to prevent rather than cure, the Bulgarian armies are preparing to crush us.
Our fate is sealed.
We Managed to Declare Independence
While Bulgaria had its back turned we managed to become independent. But not by surprise, some seemed to have informed them about it...
To death.
The [SER.GetAdjective] Monarchy
The Serbian Monarchy has had a storied history, with the House of Obrenović emerging as Princes of an independent Serbia shortly after the 1878 Congress of Berlin. Raised to a King in 1882, their Austro-philic foreign policy drew the ire of Pan-Serbian ultranationalists, who staged a bloody palace coup in 1903 and killed King Alexander I. The National Assembly then invited the exiled Petar Karađorđević, descendent of an earlier Prince Alexander deposed by the Obrenovićs, to take the throne, reflecting a shift towards an Russo-philic foreign alignment. Contrasting with the generally unpopular King Alexander I, King Petar I was fairly popular for respecting constitutional rule and reigning during Serbian victories in the Balkan wars.\n\nSerbia's fortunes took a turn for the worse in the Great War. Crown Prince Alexander I, who effectively took charge of the monarchy after the start of the war, narrowly avoided losing the throne to the Montenegrin Prince during peace talks. His father abdicated the throne rather than accept the separate peace Alexander lobbied for, and thus Alexander became King Alexander II of Serbia.\n\nThe ensuing Treaty of Wartholz was deeply unpopular in Serbia, and Alexander's rule took an authoritarian turn in 1919 using a miners' strike as a pretext for his Obznana. With the help of Prime Minister Vojislav Veljković, Alexander ruled through the Central Powers backed \
[SER.GetNameDefCap] shall become a republic.
[SER.GetNameDefCap] shall become a monarchy.
Coronation of King Petar
Petar II Karađorđević has finally come of age recently and the [SER.GetAdjective] government has worked to organise a lavish coronation ceremony attended by representatives from [ROOT.GetName] and other allied states. While traditionally held on his birthday, logistical complications emerged and ultimately the ceremony was set for today - an anniversary of the initial restoration of the monarchy by [Root.GetAdjective] occupation authorities, a solemn reminder of the continued dominance of foreign powers on the country. Of course, both [SER.GetAdjective] and [ROOT.GetAdjective] officials thoroughly deny any deliberate connection, insisting it was merely a coincidence.\n\nRegardless of the politics, the ceremony was grand. As he swore an oath to defend the (remaining) integrity of [SER.GetName], he was symbolically granted all the powers of the throne. Of course, in practice, little has changed. Just as the regency council had little influence in the practical governing of the country, power remains largely in the hands of the Prime Minister - hand-picked by our ambassador a few years ago. King Petar II may be a symbol of stability and tradition, but he is also a reminder of the ruthless international environment that marred the reigns of the last few Kings.
May he rule well.
The Belgrade Pact
The newspapers of Bulgaria are abuzz today with news coming from Serbia — the diplomatic event which many saw as years in the making, a pact between Serbians, Romanians and Greeks, has finally been finalised, and the Belgrade Pact has thus been born. Few view this agreement naively — the Bulgarian political consensus, no matter if it leans left or right, understands that the signatories of the treaty will use it as a weapon against Bulgaria.\n\nSome were more alarmist than others. The largest daily newspaper in Sofia, \
We'll keep the Tricolour flying here!
The Return of the Karađorđević
Established in 1925, the Serbian Republic was radical, overtaken by left-wing agitators who inspired the Bulgarian left across the border, and increasingly militaristic - however, at least they did not have the accursed House of Karađorđević on the throne. This changed today, as in a bloody coup, the secret royalist military society White Hand has overthrown the recently elected government of Serbia and declared the restoration of the Kingdom in a half-empty Skupština. The heir of the Serbian throne and the son of Aleksandar II Karađorđević, Prince Petar, is expected to arrive to Belgrade in a couple of days.\n\nThe House of Karađorđević seized power in Serbia after the slaughter of Aleksandar I and the entire Obrenović dynasty by the Black Hand, and they held nothing but disdain for the Bulgarian peoples of Macedonia. Both Petar I and Aleksandar II endorsed Serbianisation campaigns in the region after seizing it in the Balkan Wars, humiliating the local population by forcing them to declare themselves as Serbs, and often resorting to terror. Alas, they were not overthrown during the Weltkrieg and stayed in power, though in a mere rump state - and it appears even a Republican revolution cannot keep them down for too long.\n\nThe news from Belgrade have galvanised the Bulgarian population and further sharpened conflict in the Niš region, all while dealing a blow to the republican cause in Sofia. The officer corps is resolute and takes these news with pride, however - if history has made a mistake and restored Aleksandar's child on the throne, then it shall be up to Bulgarian shoulders to rectify it.
We shall avenge the occupation of Macedonia, once more!
Ljotić's Speech
The right wing of the Serbian political spectrum, beyond the People's Radical Party and the Agrarians, is mainly composed of monarchists, and among them two movements are the most notable. The State Party of Serbian Democrats was the sole legal party of Aleksandar II's Royal Dictatorship and lingers on as a small moderate monarchist party, concentrated in a few constituencies where they are the strongest, and as they were too insignificant to threaten the republican order, they were allowed to remain legal after the Revolution. The second is a party formed after the Revolution for a new generation of monarchists, named \
We will watch him closely.
Shots in the Dark
The news reports are still flying in and the story is still being pieced back together, but here is what is already known.\n\nMajor Živan Knežević, an induct into the Konspiracija secret society and an officer in the Serbian Army, was making his way home in Belgrade alongside a fellow soldier, when the two of them realised that they were being followed. Not wishing to take the risk, the two men hastened their pace, hoping to either come across civilians to use as cover or a phone booth to call the police, but neither came. Instead, the mysterious assailants opened fire, seriously wounding Knežević and killing his peer - wounded, the officer was dragged out of sight and so was the corpse besides him.\n\nIt took the police two days to be informed about the officer's disappearance, and a search across Belgrade was immediately initiated - Knežević was found, but by then, it was already too late, as he was long since dead. Police officers found his corpse in the outskirts of the city, and it was left with a message:\n\n\
How dare they...
Revenge
Once again, the law enforcement of the Republic has been mobilised after reports of a committed high profile murder - and this time, it took only a few hours before officers in Kragujevac were met with a horrifying sight in the poor districts of the city - several officers from the Serbian Army, relieved a few years ago because of suspicions that they belonged to the White Hand, stabbed and hanged by their feet publicly. A few children playing football around the block explained that some strange looking men hanged them there not too long ago.\n\nOnly the dimmest failed to realise who was behind these murders. Not only was Major Živan Knežević a respected member of the Serbian Cultural Club and the secret organisation behind it, but he was also the brother of Radoje Knežević, a commander in the Serbian Air Force, a leading member of the Republican Party and the Konspiracija. While the military is understandably silent about the events, and Knežević merely expressed his solemn grief at his brother's death, it's almost certain that these assassinations were made as an act of righteous revenge.\n\nAnd, again, much like everyone expected, the police closed the case a few days later, stating that \
We are a stable democratic republic, please believe us!
The Fourth Balkan War
In the first two decades of the twentieth century, three Balkan Wars shook the region — two were local affairs, fought only between the Balkan states themselves, whereas the third is more commonly known as the Balkan front of the Weltkrieg. For almost two decades after its conclusion, worldwide observers expected it to be the last, too. After all, the Weltkrieg left Bulgaria a hegemon in the Balkans and its three competitors shattered, held down by oppressive peace treaties for having chosen the wrong side, and divorced from much of their core lands. Surely, in a Europe redrawn according to Germany's whim, there is no room for revanchist ambitions in the Balkans.\n\nIt is clear today, as thousands of men across the region take up arms, that those predictions were wrong. Was it the weakness of so-called \
Forward!
Zenitism
The loss in the Weltkrieg marked a fundamental change in Serbian society, and its culture was no exception. An absolute majority of Serbian males died in the war, and almost a quarter of its total population, while the few who remained had to return to burned homes, looted towns, abandoned farms and broken dreams. To cope, many turned to art to express their frustration and sorrow — and yet, the onset of Aleksandar II's Royal Dictatorship stymied the development of Serbian art and culture under heavy censorship. The Republican Revolution of 1925 let this pent up energy loose, and the following decade has left its mark in Serbian culture as a period of avant-garde art, literature, and cultural critique. Few movements were more exemplary of this period than Zenitism, named after the arts magazine \
The youths are troublesome as always
Aurora Borealis Sighted
Much of Europe, including Serbia, was met with a shocking sight tonight - an aurora borealis, extending as far as the Mediterranean and colouring the sky in blood-red colour. For many, this was a beauty to behold, but the superstitious immediately took this as a sign from the God above. Clearly, with such a show, he was trying to tell the people something - though, was it a warning, a favour or a threat.\n\nThe most striking interpretation came from a Serbian preacher in the Morava countryside, who interpreted this as a sign of the first thing. It was a warning, and no ordinary warning, to the people of Europe - in his town and surrounding villages, he proclaimed that God is aware of an impending apocalypse, and one not driven by the four horsemen, but rather by the peoples of Europe themselves. In less than ten years, the rivers of the continent will run red with blood much like the sky ran red that night, a ferocious eagle, its wingspan large enough to cover Europe, will fight a storm of ice and snow from the east, and declare itself a defender of the world from a pure evil... yet its heart is just as dark as the evil it claims to fight.\n\nA fascinating tale. The panic caused among the superstitious is anything but fascinating, however.
Stop looking at the sky!
The First and the Second Revolution
One of the most renown political philosophers and legal professors in the republic of Serbia, Slobodan Jovanović, has published a revision to one of his first works, \
The Serbian tricolour flies for freedom!
The Dinaric Race
The concept of the \
...what odd ideas.
The Last Vojvoda
Not long after the beginning of the war against Bulgaria, we have received an unexpected letter from Petar Bojović, the famous commander of the Serbian Army during the Weltkrieg. Of the four Vojvodas — the highest-ranking commanders of the Serbian Army before and during the Weltkrieg, equivalent to Field Marshals — he is the last one still alive, and after over a decade of retirement, he has once again offered his services to the Serbian nation, for what he describes as \
The Serbian Army welcomes your command!
Let us use his endorsement for propaganda
The Last Vojvoda's Letter
Upon returning to the Serbian Army, Vojvoda Bojović brought with himself a letter, which, according to the general's instruction, was to be given directly to the teenage King, Petar II. Respecting the legendary commander's order, the Regency did as requested, and the King received it without a hitch. It read:\n\n\
I will keep that in mind...
The Entente and the Serbs
As time passes and Serbia increasingly asserts itself in the world, the question of its future in foreign affairs begins to rise. Once the South Slavs are united and Serbia truly a power to be reckoned with in the region, which foreign alliance shall it join itself with, if any? For a country with its geopolitical position, several choices are available, each one with their ups and downs. The Entente is often mentioned among these discussions - and for some, they may appear to be a natural choice. After all, it was the British and French empires that the Serbs fought side by side with during the Weltkrieg, and their third-power status means that Serbia would be able to more easily stay away of the greatest wars of Europe while not being completely vulnerable.\n\nThese ideas are being squashed by the President, however. Though he has seldom hidden his hatred for the British Empire before, Dragomir Vasić has now made it even more clear to his cabinet and his peers in the Republican-led coalition. Speaking to Nikola Milovanović, the President did not mince his words:\n\n\
Mr President, you are overreacting...
President Vasić's Last Speech
Having served for two entire terms, Dragomir Vasić has been the head of state of the Serbian Republic for much of its existence, his political thought and policies defining the nation's path since the Republican Revolution. The two term limit has finally caught up to him, however, and upon the conclusion of this year's election, the outgoing President has made his way before the newly elected Skupština to give one last speech to the parliamentarians.\n\nThe President's speech could be divided into two parts. In the first, he congratulated his fellow Serbs for their dedication to the values of the Republic, and the sacrifices they have made in war and peace alike. It was a difficult task to lead Serbia when he has personally experienced the horrors of war and knew what he would resign his fellow Serbs to. After this recognition came a warning, however. The Balkans and all of Europe remain infested with tyrants. Absolutists, Syndicalists and extreme nationalists continue to oppress their own people and will surely seek to put out the light of liberty in Serbia in the years that follow. To counter that, Vasić gave Serbia his advice - to stand their guard no matter how overwhelming the odds may be, and find a coalition of like-minded nations with whom they may protect democracy together. As the first Serbian Revolution, led by Karađorđe, has proven, the Serbian people value their freedom above all else and Vasić expressed hope that they will continue to do so for centuries to come.\n\nIt is believed that after leaving office, the President will return to literary and educational work - he was a prolific writer before, and the Academy of Fine Arts in Belgrade has already expressed interest in giving him a position in their professor ranks.
So long, Čiča Dragiša!
Prince Paul's Visit
The Kingdom of Serbia has received a prestigious visitor today - Prince Pavle, the cousin of the late King Aleksandar II and thus uncle of the reigning monarch, Petar II. The Prince arrived from Canada by plane, met by a humble delegation from Petar Živković's regency council which brought him to the restored Royal Palace, where he met his nephew and the Regent. There, he was briefed on the achievements made by the Royalists ever since the beginning of the Regime of November 6th - the destruction of republicanism and a restoration of Serbian national pride cited immediately.\n\nPavle did not seem to pay much attention to the description of the political situation, and soon requested to speak to his nephew in private. The generally careless and inattentive Prince turned serious for a second and explained his concerns - could Petar not see that Živković, Ljotić and their men were merely trying to restore what his father had once built? A dictatorial regime, with a King at the top, which will merely turn the populace more furious and force them to turn to the same violent means as retaliation. It was this failure to understand the people which led to Petar's father's death.\n\nNow, Pavle asserted that he didn't have a perfect solution - in fact, the Prince stated that if he somehow became the Regent himself, he would do a far, far worse job than Živković - however, he instead raised a question to Petar: what will he do when he assumes full powers? The Regency will not last forever, after all. Will he meekly accept the authoritarian order or will he try to accomplish something new?
The Regency knows this country better than I ever could.
We both saw the system in Canada. It works... and perhaps it can work here, too.
Visiting Uncle Carol
Though still under the close supervision of the Regency, King Petar II has nonetheless been deemed mature enough to join official state delegations to foreign nations — the first of them being Serbia's neighbour and close ally, Romania. For the young monarch, this was not merely a state visit, either, but a family reunion as well — through his mother Maria, Petar II was the nephew of Carol II of Romania. The assassination of Aleksandar II had thus shaken the Romanian royal family as well, especially once his wife and Carol's sister fled to her homeland.\n\nThe young King's motorcade in Bucharest was greeted by jubilant crowds. Under orders, his vehicle stopped by an assembly of Serbian monarchists exiled in Romania ever since the Republican Era — many of whom had formed close ties with the Iron Guard during the following years, seeing Codreanu's salvationist ideology as the best way to restore Serbia's strength, and so hailed their monarch with a Legionary salute. After official diplomatic ceremonies, Petar was invited to the Royal Palace, where he shook hands with \
The start of a beneficial friendship?
Lapčević's Speech
Though Serbia looms closer and closer to war, not all in the republic are eager for it. Today, on the podium before the Skupština, a speech has been made by Dragutin Lapčević, representative from the Socialist Party of Serbia. An elderly veteran of socialist politics in Serbia, Lapčević was one of the founders of the Social Democratic Party of Serbia to which both Socialist and Socialist Workers claim primogeniture, and a critic of the legendary Dimitrije Tucović. Even before the Weltkrieg, Lapčević earned fame as a vehement opponent of war and Serbian militarism, and today he spoke with the same purpose behind him.\n\nIn his speech, the politician vividly detailed the loss which the Serbian nation suffered the last time when they instigated a foolish war - an entire generation dead or wounded, and the few who remain have been forced to pick up the pieces. If they had sworn in 1918 to never suffer such travesty again, then it seems that their leaders have completely forgotten these losses. Not only that, Lapčević states, but the President and his government have lied to the entire nation about their motives, and to the world as well. They claim to fight for the liberation of the Serbs, but in fact, they are controlled by an ultranationalist, Codreanite clique in the military, which will subvert democracy if it means sending thousands of Serbs to the meatgrinder in Macedonia.\n\nThe speech and its content, if it spreads across the public, is bound to galvanise the population and raise doubt so close to the war against Bulgaria. And yet, is it right to suppress the voice of an opponent and thus, ultimately, prove his point right?
I hate what he says, but defend his right to say it.
Censor the official publications.
Constitutional Project Discussions
Under the order of Petar Živković, the Regency government of the Kingdom of Serbia has formed a committee for the drafting of a new Constitution, one which shall be implemented as soon as King Petar II reaches maturity. As it will certainly define the future of the state for years, if not decades, it is a matter of utmost national importance, and as such important monarchist politicians and leading legal scholars alike have been invited to voice their opinions. There are a handful of red lines, however. The consensus among the handpicked delegates from the Radical Peasants' Democracy is that the Constitution must guarantee a strong regime, with a lot of reserve powers for the King and the curtailment of what they describe as \
What the Regency offers must be the right path.
Petar II intervenes in the discussions despite his inexperience.
The King's First Radio Address
Though our King by the Grace of God, Petar II, has reigned in Serbia for years now, and he is rapidly maturing, the average Serb is unfamiliar with him. Petar II has stayed in relative isolation ever since his arrival to Belgrade, tutored by his regents and kept mostly out of the public eye. This cannot stay forever, however, and to facilitate the monarch's connection with his future subjects, he has been recruited to make his first radio address to the Serbian people.\n\nA relatively simple address in a similar style to the State of the Union addresses across the Atlantic, it is expected to simply inform the listeners on the news from the government and their goals for the following year - though, to avoid it sounding completely robotic to the public, the script allows some leeway for the speaker. Of course, the main theme of the address has to be kept - but perhaps there is room for a few criticisms towards the regime in between the meaningless appeals to patriotism?
The King sticks to the script.
The King sprinkles opinions of his own.
Conflict within the Skupština
While President Milan Stojadinović and the Radicals under him have managed to form a coalition of the entire right, such a vast \
How is that man not in a psychiatric ward?!
The Defence of Belgrade
Today marks the 25th anniversary of the defence of the city of Belgrade — on October 7th, 1915, Austro-Hungarian and German forces crossed the Sava and Belgrade rivers to engage the undermanned defenders of the city. Despite inferior numbers, equipment, and supplies, the overrun Serbian forces were not outdone and put up the best challenge to the attacking forces as they could.\n\nThe high point of Serbian heroism during the battle came from the Second Battalion of the 10th Infantry Regiment, commanded by Major Dragutin Gavrilović. Alongside with the Belgrade Gendarmerie and local volunteers, they were the first line of defence against the advancing enemy forces and marched to battle with the grim knowledge that they will fall one by one for Belgrade and the Fatherland. In a final act of defiance, Major Gavrilović gave a rousing speech where he announced to his men that their regiment has been erased from the records of the Army, hence there is little for them to do except go forward to glory, for King and Country.\n\nThe valiant defence of the Serbian defenders did not prove to be enough and the White City fell, but under the orders of Field Marshal August von Mackensen, a monument was erected in Austrian-occupied Belgrade, which still says \
They fought until their last dying breath.
The Second Toplica Uprising
Sparked by years of festering resentment towards Bulgaria rule, the destitution of many Serbian farmers during the post-Black Monday economic crisis, and finally the further inflaming of Serbo-Bulgarian tensions because of Operation Nishava, an uprising has broken out in the Toplica region. While this uprising is far from the first in the territory Bulgaria annexed from Serbia during the Weltkrieg, it has surpassed others in size and ferocity. Over two thousand armed insurgents were reported occupying several towns by the Bulgarian military.\n\nThe response of the Bulgarian Army was characteristically brutal. Regiments of the Ohrana, the successors to the chetas of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organisation organised into self-defence groups, were the first to respond, using acts of terror and intimidation to quell resistance in the region, often with significant civilian casualties. Once the Bulgarian Army joined the response efforts, the Chetniks were driven to the mountains, the town of Prokuplje was burned down after a prolonged firefight, and reprisals against the population began.\n\nThe members of the Belgrade Pact condemned the atrocities almost immediately - especially Serbia, which declared that it will defend the interests and safety of its Serbian inhabitants by any means necessary. Bulgarian officials rebutted the claims, and accused the government in Belgrade of sponsoring the resistance in turn. Whether it was true or not, Serbia now had a justification to attack - and as both countries mass units on their border, it seems they are ready to use it.
That's the moment we have been waiting for!
They shouldn't have gotten carried away...
The Rise of the Conspiracy
Though Serbia owes its republican democracy to the Konspiracija and the other secret conspirators within the Serbian Army, it appears that their influence over the country has grown greater than anyone could have anticipated. A cabinet which is not approved by the militarists has little chance of surviving for more than a few months, more and more resources are being diverted strictly to army matters, and nationalist fanaticism grows more and more powerful in public society.\n\nSome even suspect a possible coup, or worse - after all, how could one possibly trust an organisation inspired by the Black Hand itself?
No good...
§RAre you sure you know what you're doing?§!
The Man with a Hundred Faces
They thought he was dead - certainly, assassinating reactionaries across the world under the aegis of Britain's R.E.D. had to have come back to bite him one day, he must have vanished years ago for a good reason... And yet, the legendary assassin from the Black Hand, Mustafa Golubić, made his presence known to our government today, arriving to Belgrade with no fanfare and introducing himself to our officials. After the end of the Weltkrieg, Golubić fled Serbia after threatening to kill Aleksandar II, ended up in Vienna, joined Britain's secret service and spent the following decade adventuring across the world, furthering the cause of Syndicalism the only way he knew how, via the bullet.\n\nHearing Serbia's turn to the world revolution, Golubić arrived to give his humble congratulations. Though requested to stay in Serbia and train its secret services, the assassin declined, stating that he cannot stay in a single country with his skills - however, he can aid his Serbian peers in organising an assassination. Where shall we put his services in, however?..
There are some enemies of the people around...
A Bulgarian general or minister would help...
An Austrian general or minister would help...
We won't miss a few IMRO comitas...
Best let the lion sleep in his den.
Mysterious Disappearances
Several important officials in our army and government have either been found dead or mysteriously vanished. While this will not put our regime to a halt, it will make military operations harder for a bit before replacements are found.
String of Disappearances
Within a short period of time, several officials in our ministry of defence and the army have either vanished or turned up dead - assassinated, by an unknown assailant, whether a private individual or a foreign government hostile to ours. Only one testimony has given us any sort of lead - and it claims that they witnessed Mustafa Golubić, a legendary assassin who vanished during the Interwar period and was presumed dead. It has since been dismissed as extremely unlikely.
The man with a hundred faces...
The Legacy of Stefan Dušan
The impossible has happened. After a victorious campaign against the Ottoman army, Serbian soldiers march across the streets of Constantinople, admiring the historic buildings and establishing administration for a long military occupation. So little time has passed since the time when Serbia was a minnow in the Balkans, much less the world — now, it reigns over the City of the World's Desire.\n\nFor the Serbian people, Constantinople is not merely a city, it is a symbol. It was supposed to be the crown jewel of Stefan Dušan, the first Tsar of the Serbs, who expanded the medieval Serbian principality to its largest extent, with the dream of crafting a new Roman Empire with the Serbs at its head. Alas, as he mounted a crusade against the Turks, he died prematurely, leading to the collapse of his Empire and the beginning of the end for the Balkans.\n\nFrom there, everyone knows how history went. Though Serbs and the other Slavs fought bravely, resisted, bit back in the fields of Kosovo and elsewhere, they were subjugated one after another, and centuries of despised Turkish yoke followed. Today, the armies of the Kingdom of Serbia have achieved what Tsar Dušan could not, and the Ottoman Empire has been forced to its knees.\n\nAs a symbolic act, King Petar II has been invited to attend the occupation of Constantinople for a brief ceremony — where, inside the Hagia Sophia, he was crowned in the style of the first Tsar as the historical sources tell us, and granted the title of \
Centuries of Turkish yoke, avenged at last!
The Royal Compound
In 1924, King Aleksandar II began the construction of a new Royal Palace in the prestigious Dedinje neighbourhood in Belgrade. It was supposed to be a compound of several palaces, buildings, a garden and a chapel, constructed in Serbo-Byzantine style and adorned with the King's vast collection of art. The Revolution of 1925 interrupted the construction works and left them unfinished, however, and the Republican regime ceased the construction. The Thatched House, where King Aleksandar II used to reside and oversee the construction, was returned to the public and parts of the unfinished Palace were turned into a museum.\n\nToday, the Regency considers continuing the construction, although a decade of neglect will make it costly, which got moderates from the former Radical Party to offer another solution. During the Republican period. the traitors built a palace for their Presidents in the heart of Belgrade, a simple and functionalistic building which pales in comparison to European royal palaces, but possibly good enough for the Royal Family regardless. In addition, such a move would show the Republicans that a fall of the monarchy is now a distant dream.
The Royal Palace shall be completed!
We shall turn the Presidential Palace into the King's home!
Legacy of the Southern Colonisation Decree
In 1919, King Aleksandar II signed the Decree on the Colonisation of the Southern Provinces into law, as one of the key features of postwar land reform in the Kingdom of Serbia. This decree ordered the abolition of serfdom and sharecropping in Kosovo, the expropriation of estates formerly held by Albanian and Turkish landowners, and the settlement of Serbian war veterans in these vacant holdings. This marked a period of ethnic settlement in Kosovo, expulsion of thousands of Albanians, and ensuing conflict.\n\nTo the Serbs, Kosovo holds sentimental value as the location of the legendary Battle of Kosovo in the 14th century, and the official line of the Serbian government was that the Albanians were recent settlers, brought by the Ottoman Turks, and thus integration of Kosovo into Serbia was seen as a righting of a historical wrong. Finally, thousands of war veterans were on the streets of Serbia, they had been promised land during the Weltkrieg, and Aleksandar's Royal Dictatorship was anxious to satisfy their demands to avoid rebellion. The colonisation of Kosovo was deemed to be a failure, however. Kosovo remained staunchly Albanian and the population was left inflamed, and many of the colonists returned home or emigrated to the West after failing to make a living.\n\nThe colonisation was disrupted by the Republican Revolution, although some settlement continued for a few years before the Decree was finally abolished in 1931. Still, the scars of its legacy are as clear as day in Kosovo, and it will take a long time for the region to heal.
The Albanians are still resisting?
The Decree was a mistake, but Kosovo should be ours.
SKK Agitation
Seeking to expand itself into all sections of Serbian political society, the Serbian Cultural Club is recruiting new members, reaching out through personal contacts to numerous members of the Skupština and party officials in order to attract them into club meetings and discipline them closer to the Club's patriotic, irredentist line.\n\nEver since it was founded in the early '30s, as a civilian arm of the Konspiracija and its plotting in Serbian life, it has sought to integrate politicians, intellectuals and artists from the entire ideological spectrum - and their official ideological line of a strong Serbian identity in a strong Serbian nation can appeal to bleeding-heart socialists and aggressive nationalists alike.
A few seminars never hurt anyone
Try to obstruct their actions
Konspiracija Requests a Minister's Removal
Our cabinet has been approached by General Borivoje Mirković, one of the leading members of the Konspiracija organisation in the military, and he has come bearing troubling news. The Army has issues with the presence of one of the lesser ministers in our cabinet — as General Mirković informed us, that minister has been actively agitating against the remilitarisation of Serbia and the \
Of course, it will be done
That minister is a good man and will stay
Bojović Retires
The \
So long, Lion of Bregalnica!
Republicans Win Serbian Elections
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Can idealism really survive in the Balkans?
Serbia marches into the future!
And yet, now they seem more... assertive.
They talk of peace, but still prepare for war.
Surely, some wide-eyed Serbs pose no danger.
Radicals Win Serbian Elections
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
A pragmatic Serbia for a pragmatic age?
Serbia returns to her true path.
As long as their army keeps growing...
A Serbia for who, exactly?
Didn't they lose the last war?
Socialists Win Serbian Elections
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Established at the end of 1925, the young Republic of Serbia has recently held the third national election in its history. Between Black Monday, renewed ethnic violence in Bulgaria, and creeping rumours of a \
Socialism? In the Balkans?
Bulgarian robbers, your time is near!
Better them than Bulgaria...right?
They may destroy Serbia, but not us!
Bulgaria can handle these rabble-rousers.
The Balkan workers have a new champion!
Royalist Coup In Serbia!
Shocking news from Belgrade: almost 11 years after its foundation, the Republic of Serbia is no more! According to reports, a coup was launched by rightist Chetnik paramilitaries angered by the entrance of socialists into the government, sponsored by the royalist circle known as the \
Serbia comes full circle, it seems.
Our greatest mistake, finally corrected.
Ugh...will you get your acts together?
Good. Let them fight amongst themselves.
The last king was cooperative, so...hurrah?
Well, we hope Petar enjoyed his stay.
The Return of the King
The foreign office of Serbia has received a new and unexpected message from Canada - it comes from the heir and current claimant of the Kingdom of Serbia, Petar Karađorđević. Taken from his home in Belgrade when he was merely two years old, the Crown Prince was tutored by Prince Pavle in Canada, where he ingratiated himself with the British nobility and lived a life far removed from his homeland. Now that he has matured, however, a patriotic call to return to his homeland has pushed him to ask whether he has a chance to return.\n\nThe Crown Prince has sworn that upon returning home, he will renounce his claim to the Serbian throne and live the rest of his life as a private citizen in Belgrade. In addition, he swears to avoid political affairs, and will not back any monarchist organisations in Serbia seeking to achieve his restoration. Even then, however, the heir's presence in Serbia would certainly mobilise local royalist agitators - so is it worth it to grant Petar the right to return?
He can return as a private citizen.
No, the Republic will never allow him to return.
The Fifth Balkan War
The Serbian armies gather on the border with the Austro-Hungarian Empire - unlike twenty years ago, they are not mobilised for defence against the invaders from the north, but are gearing up for an attack, intent to crack the Habsburg empire in a sudden blow and bring forth its demise. Though the regime in Belgrade may shine with confidence, spewing propaganda about the liberation of their brethren beyond the Drina River, the mood on the ground is considerably less optimistic. There is a common theme across letters written home by Serb soldiers gearing up for the war - does the Belgrade Pact really stand a chance in this war?\n\nTwenty years ago, Serbia stood against the Austro-Hungarian Empire, and in spite of all the bravery which Serb soldiers showed during the campaign, their country was ripped apart, battered and burned. Today, their enemies are even stronger, while their allies are even weaker - so is there really a reason to be so confident about their victory?\n\nThe war begins regardless, however, and for the politicians in Belgrade, there seems to be no option but to strike now. Those who wish to liberate their fellow South Slavs fear that if Austria is left alone for any longer, it will rebuild and rejuvenate, becoming impossible to ever challenge again. Those who believe in the cause of Yugoslavism fear that if their flame is not rekindled, or, god forbid, Serbia loses the war again, then the dream of South Slavic unity will become history. Serbs and Croats will be separated forever, and the last hope of Yugoslav brotherhood will fade.\n\nUnless the Pact pulls off an unlikely victory.
We shall make our last chance count.
Montenegrin Federalist Gains in Local Elections
Several months prior to the parliamentary elections in the Serbian Republic, local elections for mayors and district councils have been held in Montenegro - and the Montenegrin Federalist Party (Crnogorska federalistička stranka, CFS) has acquired an impressive victory. A majority of the mayors, district councils and other notable elected positions in Montenegro are now held by their members. In addition, the CFS also plans to contest the Montenegrin seats in the parliamentary elections, and both of its leaders, Sekula Drljević and Novica Radović, are standing for the Skupština.\n\nThe CFS is the moderated successor to the Montenegrin Greens, a guerrilla movement loyal to the House of Petrović-Njegoš which operated in Montenegro during the 1920s. When the unification of Serbia and Montenegro into a puppet kingdom under the Karađorđevićs was proclaimed by the Central Powers, these guerrillas organised in the mountainous region and remained active until the Republican Revolution. While radical members of the movement continued the struggle, as they could hardly expect the restoration of the House of Petrović-Njegoš even in a Montenegrin federal unit inside Serbia, moderates and Montenegrin politicians led by Drljević and Radović sought to negotiate. President Jaša Prodanović granted them amnesty and signed several concessions for the Montenegrins into law, such as increased local autonomy and recognition of the Montenegrin language.\n\nNow that 1936 rolls around, the CFS remains a powerful force in Montenegro, and their deputies in the Skupština may prove crucial in swinging the election, depending on who they choose to work with.
The Montenegrins work with no one!
They form an alliance with the Republicans.
They negotiate with the Socialists for federalisation.
Who Will Be the Serbian Savinkov?
The impact of Boris Savinkov's rise to power, pronouncing a new ideological foundation for the future of Russia and possibly all of Europe, could not be understated. Especially not in Serbia, a country with deep historical and cultural ties with the East Slavic hegemon. A new political treatise with a rather inflammatory name — \
Hopefully, no one
Birth of the Crown Prince
Today, on [GetDate], the Royal Family and the Kingdom rejoice, for the next-in-line to the throne, a healthy boy, has just been born to King Peter II and his wife, Queen Alexandra.\n\nThe joyous occasion has been marked throughout the country with cannon fire, bellringing and a festive Te Deum at St. Michael's Cathedral, celebrated by the Patriarch himself. The Prime Minister has also announced that, in order to properly celebrate the momentuous occasion, numerous prisoners will be pardoned or will have their sentences reduced. Not only that, but new schools are planned to be built throughout the country and an extraordinary debt forgiveness programme is to be implemented, to help the vast rural population of the Kingdom and endear them to the baby boy, their future King.\n\nThe prince will be baptised with water blessed from the Monastery of Hilandar on Mount Athos, founded by Saint Sava himself and bearer of the Icon of the Three-Handed Theotokos, and the ceremony is to be attended by Albert of the British Royal Family, a close friend of King Petar, who was invited to serve as the prince's godfather, as well as by his royal cousin Mihai of Romania, with whom Petar developed a bond after returning to Serbia. In addition, large crowds are expected to attend the ceremony, and join in the happiness of the House of Karadordevic.
He shall be named Pavle, after my beloved uncle.
He shall be named Petar, after my illustrious grandfather.
He shall be named Mihajlo, after my Romanian cousin.
He shall be named Aleksandar, to honour and redeem my father's name.
He shall be named Albert, after his godfather.
He shall be named Dušan, to honour our Nemanjic forebears.
Royalist Coup in Serbia
The Serbian Republic, declared in 1926, has proved to be short-lived, as unrest and socialist agitation following the election of 1936 has pushed elements of the army loyal to the House of Karađorđević to organise a putsch.\n\nLed by the secret military society known as the White Hand, commanded by Petar Živković, the army has overthrown the Socialist Workers' Party and declared the restoration of the Kingdom of Serbia. It remains to be seen what form of government will be formed under the following Regency, but the Republic seems to have been extinguished for good.
It was inevitable.
We meet again, heirs of Karađorđe...
Serbia Forms Yugoslavia
The resurgent Serbian state has won stunning victories against the Bulgarian and Austrian empires. Today, a new state of Southern Slavs has been declared in Belgrade, formally uniting Serbs, Croats, and Slovenes into one, united state. The concept for this country has been known as \
Let's hope this will bring peace in the Balkans.
Croatia Revolts!
Our relations with the Croatian population have declined to the point where they have taken arms against us! Underground resistance has risen up, supported by large sections of the population and veterans of the war against Austria. While destroying this rebellion will eliminate the most violent of the separatists, it will also cost a lot of lives, and we need to make sure this does not happen again.
Blasted separatists!
Bosnia Revolts!
Our relations with the Bosniak population have declined to the point where they have taken arms against us! Underground resistance has risen up, supported by large sections of the population and veterans of the war against Austria. While destroying this rebellion will eliminate the most violent of the separatists, it will also cost a lot of lives, and we need to make sure this does not happen again.
Blasted separatists!
Slovenia Revolts!
Our relations with the Slovenian population have declined to the point where they have taken arms against us! Underground resistance has risen up, supported by large sections of the population and veterans of the war against Austria. While destroying this rebellion will eliminate the most violent of the separatists, it will also cost a lot of lives, and we need to make sure this does not happen again.
Blasted separatists!
New Yugoslavia Mechanics
As we have successfully formed Yugoslavia and unified the South Slavs, we have unlocked a new focus tree branch as well as a new set of mechanics which shall define gameplay from here on out. Formed of numerous conflicting nationalities, Yugoslavia inevitably has to juggle all of their interests, and appease as many as possible to maintain order, or else fall to disarray. How this may be achieved and what actions you shall be required to do as you lead the South Slavs in a new era of history is explained in the Decisions tab.
I will take a look.
New Spending Round
The patronage we have divided between all the nationalities of Yugoslavia has come and gone, and we have renewed our controlled Political Capital, allowing us to try appeasing them yet again.
I will take a look.
Elections of [GetYear]
The Constitution of Yugoslavia mandates us to hold elections to the National Assembly every four years. Several political parties are competing in the race, and the victor will be able to form the new government. Though the fundamental form of government has already been determined, the new government will still be able to implement some economic or social policy of its own, not to mention steer the Union of South Slavs through the hardships of modern geopolitics. And the results are...
Victory to the Republican-Democratic Party!
Victory to the Radical Party!
A surprise Socialist Party victory!
Victory to the Democratic Party!
Formation of the Democratic Party
Formation of the Republican-Democratic Party
The formation of Yugoslavia has prompted a major change in the political spectrum. The liberals in the Serbian Democratic Party have taken the advantage to show their commitment to Yugoslavism by proclaiming the formation of the first \
The formation of Yugoslavia has prompted a major change in the political spectrum. The liberals in the Serbian Republican Party have taken the advantage to show their commitment to Yugoslavism by proclaiming the formation of the first \
The formation of Yugoslavia has prompted a major change in the political spectrum. The liberals in the Serbian Republican Party have taken the advantage to show their commitment to Yugoslavism by proclaiming the formation of the first \
Long live Yugoslavia!
Radicalisation of the Radicals
The formation of Yugoslavia has pushed the Radicals even further to the right. Now, isolated even more by the massive transformation of the political scene, they have begun to embrace Serbian supremacist rhetoric and the remnants of the dying Monarchist movement. Those in Serbia who did not wish for the formation of Yugoslavia, believing it to be the dilution of an ethnic Serbian state, now find a home within the NRS. As the Republicans have turned increasingly Yugoslavist, they aim to consolidate the old Serbian population in their competitor's absence.\n\nNew party leadership elections are expected to take place in a month's time, and they will decide the future goals and ideology of the party.
The formation of Yugoslavia has pushed the Radicals even further to the right. Now, isolated even more by the massive transformation of the political scene, they have begun to embrace Serbian supremacist rhetoric and the remnants of the dying Monarchist movement. Those in Serbia who did not wish for the formation of Yugoslavia, believing it to be the dilution of an ethnic Serbian state, now find a home within the SRZ. As the Republicans have turned increasingly Yugoslavist, they aim to consolidate the old Serbian population in their competitor's absence.\n\nNew party leadership elections are expected to take place in a month's time, and they will decide the future goals and ideology of the party. The Agrarian faction within the \
I serve the Serbian union.
The Fate of the Konspiracija
The contacts which we have in the military have revealed to us that the Konspiracija secret society has dissolved. Its leading commanders such as Dušan Simović, the Nedić brothers, and Borivoje Mirković have parted their ways, considering their primary goal to be complete. The same news, although more openly, came from the Serbian Cultural Club - this nonpartisan intellectual organisation has declared the changing of their primary objectives, now seeking to campaign for the interests of the Serbs within a united Yugoslavia.\n\nThis is not to say that their legacy will be gone. The effect of the Serbian republican period, marked by cooperation and then conflict with the Serbian military, will linger on for a long time, and the strength of the Konspiracija upon the foundation of Yugoslavia will determine this impact.
Not a good page of our history...
Republican-Democrat Leadership Elections
Composed from numerous factions united across Yugoslavia, the Republican-Democrats understandably have many strong political figures among them who wish to lead the party in the following years - so, to ease the tensions and form a united party line, leadership elections for the RDS are being held. The party chapters across the country are expected to send delegates to Kraljevo, where the party national conference is being held and where the new leader of the Republican-Democrats will be decided.\n\nMilan Grol is the leading contender - Dragomir Vasić's Prime Minister and a leading politician in the former Serbian Republican Party in his own right, he is expected to lead the party in a moderate, federalist direction. Srđan Budisavljević, a Prečani Serb and one of the leaders of the Croat-Serb Coalition in Illyria, challenges his candidacy, however. For long, the Prečani have been the strongest advocates of integral Yugoslavism promoting a more aggressive unification of the South Slavs and the centralisation of Yugoslavia - and should Budisavljević take over the party and win the next elections, he will surely seek to implement this goal. Finally, some delegates turn to Albert Kramer, a Slovene politician who is seen as an acceptable compromise for many factions in the party.\n\nThe ballots are counted and the next leader of the Republican-Democrats is...
Milan Grol!
Srđan Budisavljević!
Albert Kramer!
Formation of the ORJUNA
Not long after the formation of Yugoslavia, its most radical nationalist element began to organise in support of the new state, and with the backing of regional officials in Dalmatia and Lika, the Yugoslav Progressive Nationalist Youth, later renamed to the Organisation of Yugoslav Nationalists (ORJUNA), has been founded in Split.\n\nThough open to members from all across Yugoslavia, it is generally dominated by Dalmatian Croats, and supports a radical unitarian Yugoslavian idea. It sympathises with National Populism and operates a paramilitary wing, the Action Groups, which unite hundreds of war veterans and young radicals with the goal of keeping Yugoslavia alive and destroying any separatists, via any means necessary. Already, they have gained a penchant for violence and terror - raiding and bombing separatist newspaper offices, violently beating up socialists and Croatian nationalists on the streets, so on and so forth.\n\nThe formation of the ORJUNA has prompted Croatian nationalists to organise as well, spiking tensions across the Habsburg half of Yugoslavia.
Not good...
Yugoslavian-Syndicalist Special Relationship
Much like us, Serbia had a revolution in the 1920s - a democratic one, which overthrew the autocratic monarchy and established a free republic. Though they did not adopt syndicalism, they established a free, liberal and socially-oriented society, which the Internationale quickly made ties with. As Serbia's goals aligned with ours, the Internationale supported it with arms and technical expertise - and it seems that our support has been helpful, as the Serbian republic has established a Yugoslavian federation after wars against Bulgaria and Austria.\n\nNow, the Yugoslavs reach out to us, asking to integrate into the Internationale's system in Europe. Not as a member of the alliance, but rather as an aligned, neutral state, which will maintain close friendly ties with our regime and receive trade advantages. Yugoslavia is not socialist by any means, but they are economically and socially progressive, so perhaps there's no harm in the agreement?
Let us continue our friendship
Sounds like the bourgeoisie trying to escape our wrath...
[FROM.GetName] Accepts!
The Internationale has agreed to our proposal, and Yugoslavia is now an aligned state of the global Syndicalist alliance. A victory of our diplomacy!
Huzzah
[FROM.GetName] Declines!
The Internationale has declined our proposal, to them, ideological warfare is more important than allies in the Balkans, as it seems.
Unfortunate
Radicalisation of the Party of Rights
The Croatian Party of Rights had initially dissolved after the foundation of Yugoslavia, but has gathered once again, this time with the stated purpose of defending the \
That doesn't sound good
The Vukovar Congress
The Socialist Workers' Party was unique in that it kept contacts with its peers across the border long before the formation of Yugoslavia. The SRP and its counterpart in Illyria with the same name cooperated on joint policy and future plans, and now that the South Slavs have been reunited, it is only natural that a congress will be held in Vukovar to unite all of the socialist factions into a single, united fist. Even the Socialists have been invited, even though they once broke from the orthodox SRP after the Centrumaši split.\n\nStill, it is not guaranteed that the party will unify. Two decades of separation have left their impact - the ideological line of the Illyrian and Serbian socialists has diverged, the former more in line with Western syndicalism and the latter seeking to tread a uniquely South Slavic path.
Let us await the results
Integration of Bulgaria?
Our socialist brethren in Yugoslavia have finally proposed us our final step towards the unification of all South Slavs - the official integration of Bulgaria as a new People's Republic inside the Yugoslav federation. We may not have another chance to create this hegemon of southern Europe, so should we take this chance?
We shall unite with our Serbian brothers
Independent foreign policy has served us well
Integration of Bulgaria
A summit of [SER.GetLeader] and [BUL.GetLeader], alongside their respective Ministers of Foreign Affairs and other diplomats, has approved the agreement, and from here on out, Bulgaria is the newest People's Republic inside Yugoslavia. The Bulgarian Army, its highest command as well as the rank and file will be integrated into the Yugoslav Army, and additional representatives to the National Assembly will be elected to represent the new Bulgarian constituents. The integration of such a large country has not gone without issues, of course, and it is expected that Bulgaria will severely tip the already delicate balance inside Yugoslavia, but the future appears bright for the federation of the South Slavs.
A new page in the history of the Balkans!
Bulgaria Refuses
The government of Bulgaria has refused our proposal, stating that independent foreign policy has served both of our states well this far and it will make sense to keep it. When the entire world inevitably becomes engulfed in revolution and nationalist barriers are overthrown, we will unite, but it will come in the future.
Alas
Birth of the Croatian Revolutionary Organisation
The radicalisation of the right-wing of the Croatian Party of Rights ever since the formation of Yugoslavia, and the inability of the government in Belgrade to stabilise the state in time, has finally concluded in the birth of something worrying. No longer appeased by any sort of reconciliation talks or federalist promises, these radicals have organised around the underground magazine \
Perhaps Yugoslavia was a mistake...
Separatist Newspapers Attacked
Criticism of Northern Wealth in the Assembly
Issues Teaching Serbo-Croatian
Integralist Philosophers
Conflicts with Sufi Orders
Yugoslav Germans Protest Discrimination
A series of bombings and violent assaults has broken out across the country. Serbian nationalists and Yugoslav integralist paramilitaries have struck, attacking a well known ethnic separatist magazine. Their offices have been bombed and one of their editors was assaulted on the street, beaten to the inch of their life for speaking out against the integrity of the state. The news shook his ethnic community, and while calls for separatism have died down somewhat, the stability of Yugoslavia takes another blow.
Centuries of life in separate empires has left Yugoslavia in deep wealth disparity. It is no secret that the northern provinces - Croatia and Slovenia specifically - are far more developed and prosperous than the backwards South. This reality has sparked an angry argument between Croatian and Serbian deputies in the National Assembly - the Serbs call for greater redistribution of wealth from the North, levying taxes on Croatian and Slovene businesses to fund development in Serbia, Macedonia and Montenegro, while the Croats despise the prospect, their deputies declaring that they have no obligation to carry the economy of the entire union on their shoulders. The government's ministers are requested to intervene and make a decision on the debate.
Though Serbo-Croatian is enforced as the official language of Yugoslavia, trying to enforce it has been met with issues. Not only are there regions where literacy remains minimal - the mountains of Bosnia, Macedonia and Montenegro, for example - but the difference in script is a more difficult hurdle to pass than anticipated. Bureaucrats and officials proficient in Latin and Cyrillic are rare, the Austro-Hungarian policy of Latinisation during the First Weltkrieg has left many Serbs sceptical towards Latin alphabet usage, while many Croats and Slovenes arrogantly refuse to accept Cyrillic as an equal to their Western script. Something has to be done about the disparity, and swiftly.
A circle of philosophers associated with Integral Yugoslavist thought have published a proclamation calling for the centralisation of the state and the erasure of what they describe as \
Much like in the rest of the Islamic world, Sufi lodges are prolific among the Balkan Muslims, disseminating their spiritual teachings in informal gatherings, learning circles, and other venues, be it private and public. Though never banned or discouraged by the Austro-Hungarian government, they were supervised and put under the jurisdiction of mainstream religious clerics, a practice which has continued under Yugoslav administration. After the conquest of Bosnia, the government in Belgrade reestablished the Islamic Religious Community (Islamska Vjerska Zajednica - IVZ), a centralised institution controlled by an appointed chief cleric and a four-member council, with jurisdiction over Muslim religious affairs.\n\nMainstream Muslim clerics have no love for the alternate interpretations of Islam that the Sufi offer, however, and so have begun using this institution to enforce Sharia law for the entire Muslim community in Yugoslavia. An intra-religious conflict is brewing in Bosnia, and the government is forced to take a side.
Alongside millions of their fellow Slavs, Yugoslavia also inherited over half a million Germans from the former lands of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Concentrated in Slovenia, Croatia and especially Vojvodina, where they are one of the largest ethnic groups in a highly diverse region, they are the descendants of immigrants and colonists who arrived over centuries of Habsburg rule. Now fallen under rule from Belgrade, these Germans lost their privileges and status, and are more often than not treated as a potential fifth column. Estates of German landowners were seized and distributed, the Swabian German Kulturbund faces legal issues ever since inception, as government officials see an organised German minority as a threat to the state.\n\nFrustrated by this discrimination, a collection of German intellectuals have made a petition demanding change. They state that they are loyal citizens of Yugoslavia and should be treated as ones, not as a traitor recruitment centre.
Terrible...
We have to reduce the disparity somehow
Zagreb should not pay for everything
But for now, we have to work with what we have.
Odd people, but still our supporters.
The IVZ have a right to enforce their reading of the Quran
Curtail the imams for a while, appease the Sufi
Make a few promises
Maybe the Germans really are traitors?
The End of the Vukovar Congress
The Congress was attended by socialists of all ideological alignment across Yugoslavia - and several weeks of debate, discussion and conflict have finally concluded in a comprehensive agreement. From here on out, a vast popular front shall be built from Serbian and Illyrian socialists, the Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia, which shall continue the role of the Serbian SRP as the only legal party and guiding force of the socialist state.\n\nSyndicalists, national socialists, anarchists, and social democrats who changed sides have all been absorbed into this hegemon of a party, which has already begun to establish itself across all the regions of Yugoslavia and subsume the instruments of the state.
The Congress was attended by socialists of all ideological alignment across Yugoslavia — and several weeks of debate, discussion and conflict have finally concluded in a mostly comprehensive agreement. From here on out, a vast popular front shall be built from Serbian and Illyrian socialists, the Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia, which shall continue the role of the Serbian SRP as the only legal party and guiding force of the socialist state.\n\nNot everyone has agreed with this merger, however. Citing the dedication of Serbian socialists towards a purported \
The Congress was attended by socialists of all ideological alignment across Yugoslavia - and several weeks of debate, discussion and conflict have ended in complete failure. Both the Serbian and the Illyrian side of the Congress continuously criticised the leadership of the SRP for their inability to take advantage of their victory in the Serbian elections of 1936, a moment which should have been a final victory for the party and yet resulted in compromise and failure.\n\nIn the end, the socialist movements of Yugoslavia dissolved, the social democrats leaving the congress to continue their separate work as the Socialist Party of Yugoslavia, and Croatian socialists concentrating around the Syndicalist Party as the main challenge to the Serbian SRP in the revolutionary socialist niche.
The Congress was attended by socialists of all ideological alignment across Yugoslavia - and several weeks of debate, discussion and conflict have finally concluded in partial agreement. The moderate Socialists left the Congress very quickly, disappointed by its revolutionary direction, and continued their work as the Socialist Party of Yugoslavia, while the rest of the Congress drafted a comprehensive unification of the entire radical socialist left into the Socialist Workers' Party of Yugoslavia. Though the party continues to face several issues, such as the question of whether the inevitable socialist revolution will maintain Yugoslavia or dissolve it into ethnic states due to it being an artificial creation, for now, the socialist united front stands.
So be it.
New Leadership for the Vanguard Party
After the Vukovar Congress, the newly integrated Illyrian socialists have raised the question of leadership. Trifun Kaclerović, elected as President of Serbia in 1936, has led Yugoslavia thus far, but a Slovene and Croat bloc in the Party has challenged this, stating that while his soft guiding hand has been effective thus far, him staying in power means the perpetuation of Serbian dominance. Should a united Yugoslavia not stray away from that, if it wishes to present itself as a nation for all Yugoslavs?\n\nA coalition of the Bosnian and Croat deputies have proposed Milan Gorkić — Bosnian socialist ideologue of Czech birth who was active in Habsburg-ruled Illyria before the War of Liberation. Gorkić proposes that the national question is just as important for socialist Yugoslavia as the class question. A socialist state must not be an oppressor of peoples, and must represent them — the SRPJ, in his vision, should be reorganised, establishing sub-parties for every major ethnic group, while the country itself must be turned more federal.\n\nThe Serbian faction of the Party, seeking a compromise, has proposed Moša Pijade, well known Serbian socialist writer and ideologue of Sephardic Jewish origin, who has been a key actor in proliferating socialist ideology in the Serbian republic and drafting the ideological tenets of the Serbian SRP. If elected, Pijade calls for an even stricter adherence to socialist doctrine, uniting Yugoslavia above ethnic lines and sweeping the party of \
President Kaclerović has led us well so far.
Moša Pijade will make the party truly doctrinaire!
Milan Gorkić will establish peace between Yugoslavs!
Inter-Party Criticism
Several years have passed, and yet Yugoslavia still appears on the brink of ethnic conflict. Increasingly, large sections of the SRPJ have grown frustrated with the government of Milan Gorkić. They have increasingly begun to criticise the party leader as a right-wing deviationist whose policies have proved a failure, and a fairly capable coalition has organised around former member of the Croatian SRP, Josip Broz.\n\nBroz has too denounced Gorkić as a rightist deviationist, claiming that his focus on the national question is clearly born out of his hidden nationalist sympathies. Instead, Yugoslavia should seek to integrate all of the nationalities scattered across the Balkans into one federal, \
Gorkić survives votes of no confidence and consolidates control.
Gorkić has betrayed the Party and shall be removed!
Serbia
Serbian
Serbia
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbian Socialist Republic
the Serbian Socialist Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbia
the Serbian Republic
Serbian State
the Serbian State
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Kingdom of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
United States of Yugoslavia
the United States of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavian
Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Socialist Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Yugoslavia
the Republic of Yugoslavia
Petar II
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1923, in the Old Royal Palace, Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe first and only child of Aleksandar II Karađorđević, the last King of Serbia before the \
Temporary National Representation
§YBackground:§! §LPrior to the first elections being held in the now-united Yugoslavia, the new state is temporarily being ruled by representatives chosen from each of its constituent nations.§!
Milan Grol
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1876, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Principality of Serbia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMilan Grol received a multi-disciplinary education studying philosophy, literature, theatre and arts. After a stint in Paris, he returned to Serbia in 1902 as a teacher and a writer, frequently lambasting King Alexander I and the Obrenovic dynasty in the press. Around this time, he began to affiliate with the left, joining the Independent Radical Party. His career in theatre came to an end with the start of the Weltkrieg. He moved to Geneva during the conflict and began to rededicate his life towards his political writings and activism.\n\nThe end of the war would see Serbia occupied and humiliated. Grol returned to his homeland to see a devastated nation, and soon helped found the Serbian Republican party. Victory in the 1931 elections saw Grol assume the post of Prime Minister under Dragisa Vasic. As a consequence, he was seen as the natural successor to Vasic, and went on to win the Presidency. Carrying legacy of Ljubomir Stojanovic on his shoulders, Milan Grol and his party are now empowered to bring about the reforms they've dreamed of over the land.§!
Dimitrije Ljotić
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1891, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Mirko Korolija
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1886, in Kistanje, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!
Nikola Uzunović
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1873, in Niš, Danube Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Moša Pijade
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1890, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Milan Gorkić
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1904, in Bosanski Brod, Banja Luka District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Josip Broz
§YBorn:§! §LMay 7th, 1892, in Kumrovec, Varaždin County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Vukašin Marković
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1874, in Stijena, Principality of Montenegro§!
Trifun Kaclerović
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1879, in Boka, Torontál County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe \
Nikola Grulović
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1888, Beška, County of Syrmia, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia§!
Živko Topalović
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1886, in Užice, Užice District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Dragomir Vasić
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1885, in Gornji Milanovac, Morava District, Kingdom of Serbia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDragomir \
Milan Stojadinović
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1888, in Čačak, Rudnik District, Kingdom of Serbia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNamed after King Milan of Serbia, Milan Stojadinović was born to the family of a rural judge, and followed the same course as many in the Serbian intellectual class. A childhood friend of Živko Topalović, he sympathised with socialism in his youth, before pursuing national liberation over class struggle. Ending up in the People's Radical Party instead. Stojadinović spent the time before the Weltkrieg outside of Serbia, studying in Western universities and representing the Ministry of Finance abroad, and returned to his homeland just in time to serve in the Balkan Wars.\n\nThe Serbian exiles in Corfu, including Stojadinović, needed bureaucrats — men who would make sure that as few of their thinned ranks starve and wither away. Stojadinović, as a clerk in the Ministry of Finance, distinguished himself as a capable economist and negotiator, helping stabilise the Serbian dinar, raise funding for the remnants of the Army, and ensure distribution of the scarce resources. The Prime Minister and leader of the Radicals, Nikola Pašić, recognised his efforts, and Stojadinović became his protege. When Pašić was dismissed after the end of the war on Aleksandar II's orders, Stojadinović resigned as well. He returned to a modest and calm life as a banker and university professor.\n\nThe tide of the Republican Revolution caught Stojadinović as well, many saw him as a republican sympathiser. When Aca Stanojević invited him to the refounded Radical Party, he accepted. Years pass, the old generation of Radicals pass away, and the calm, collected and intelligent economist Stojadinović was the natural fit to lead them. The dilemma of unifying the South Slavs is on his mind, but so are the lessons passed down to him by his mentor: \
Milan Gavrilović
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1882, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Živojin Perić
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1868, in Stubline, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Petar Živković
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1879, in Negotin, Krajina District, Principality of Serbia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTo his enemies, he is known as a deadly intricate webweaver, a nefarious puppetmaster who held Aleksandar II hostage and crafted the infamous Royal Dictatorship following the Weltkrieg. To his followers, he is known as the most loyal a monarchist could possibly be, a soldier who has stood by the House of Karađorđević as long as he lived. Petar Živković was born in 1879 and followed the prestigious career of military service. He rose to become a member of the Royal Guard, a position in which he played a crucial role during the events in 1903, as he was the guard who opened the entrance to the Royal Court and allowed the Black Hand to extinguish the House of Obrenović. Živković soon became disillusioned with the Black Hand, however, believing that their leader Apis was plotting to overthrow the Karađorđevićs as well. Following the advice of Crown Prince Aleksandar, Petar created the White Hand - a rival to the Black Hand, dedicated to the protection of the ruling dynasty.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, Živković disposed of his Black Hand rivals at last, sentencing Apis and his comrades to death in the Thessaloniki Process. Though Serbia lost the war, his power only continued to grow. It was his advice that Aleksandar followed when proclaiming the Obznana and declaring the Royal Dictatorship. Some even rumoured that he held the King's dirty secrets, forcing the monarch to dance to his will. Unfortunately, as powerful as he was, he could not predict, nor prevent, the Revolution. In the midst of the monarchy's collapse, he made sure to secure the two-year-old heir, Petar II, and place him in the hands of Prince Pavle in Canada. The White Hand transformed into a secret society, taking revenge on the Republican officers, sowing terror and plotting their return to power. Always more accustomed to court politics than terrorism, Živković despised this change, instead spending his time in exile coordinating his underlings. Waiting for the moment to return - until, someday, he can finally right the wrongs of the last decade.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1879, in Negotin, Krajina District, Principality of Serbia§!
Collective Leadership
Petar Bojović
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1858, in Miševići, Bosnia Vilayet, Ottoman Empire§!
Konstantin Popović
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1908, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Arsenije Jovanović
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1907, in Zavala, Principality of Montenegro§!
Milan Nedić
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1878, in Grocka, Belgrade District, Principality of Serbia§!
Milorad Petrović
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1882, in Sumrakovac, Timok District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Dragoljub Mihailović
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1893, in Ivanjica, Čačak District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Ljubomir Marić
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1878, in Galovići, Užice District, Principality of Serbia§!
Milutin Nedić
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1882, in Sopot, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Dušan Trifunović
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1880, in Svilajnac, Resava District, Principality of Serbia§!
Bogoljub Ilić
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1881, in Požarevac, Požarevac District, Principality of Serbia§!
Dušan Simović
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1882, in Kragujevac, Kragujevac District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Dragoljub Mijajlo Dinić
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1881, in Kragujevac, Kragujevac District, Principality of Serbia§!
Milan Spasić
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1909, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Sima Marković
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1888, in Kragujevac, Kragujevac District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Mihailo Ilić
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1888, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Aleksandar Cincar-Marković
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1889, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Serbian Cultural Club
§YFounded:§! §L1932, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Serbian Republic§!
Aleksandar Ranković
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 28th, 1909, in Draževac, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Konstantin Pećanac
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Dečani, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!
Slobodan Jovanović
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1869, in Újvidék, Bács-Bodrog County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Filip Filipović
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1878, in Čačak, Rudnik District, Principality of Serbia§!
Milan Srškić
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1880, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Principality of Serbia§!
Ninko Perić
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1886, in Bojić, Podrinje District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Milan Aćimović
§YBorn:§! §LMay 31st, 1898, in Pinosava, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Dragutin Gavrilović
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1882, in Čačak, Rudnik District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Mladen Žujović
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1895, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Momčilo Ninčić
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1876, in Jagodina, Morava District, Principality of Serbia§!
Miloš Savčić
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1865, in Svilajnac, Resava District, Principality of Serbia§!
Dobrica Matković
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1887, in Šarani, Rudnik District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Petar Kosić
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1881, in Bujačić, Valjevo District, Principality of Serbia§!
Dragomir Stojanović
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1878, in Knjaževac, Timok District, Principality of Serbia§!
Under Army Command
§YBackground:§! §LThe command of the navy has been assigned to the army, to allow for greater cooperation between the armed forces.§!
Zdenko Ulepić
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1906, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Ljubomir Ilić
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1902, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Pavle Savić
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1909, in Thessaloniki, Vilayet of Thessaloniki, Ottoman Empire§!
Svetozar K. Popović
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1901, in Belgrade, Belgrade District, Kingdom of Serbia§!
Duško Popov
Ivan Mihajlov
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1896, in Novo Selo, Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIvan Mihajlov was born to a Bulgarian speaking family in the mountains of Macedonia. A region soon ripped and torn by ethnic tensions and war. Even his life is a good glimpse into rapid-fire changes which the region had to endure. Mihajlov began his studies in a Bulgarian men's high school in Thessaloniki before it was closed by the Greek administration during the First Balkan War. Thus he briefly transferred to a Serbian one in Skopje, before finally finishing his education in Bulgarian-occupied Macedonia. Finally moving on to study law in Sofia. During the Weltkrieg, Mihajlov enlisted in the Bulgarian army, and came into personal contact with IMRO leader Todor Aleksandrov.\n\nAfter the war, Mihajlov became Aleksandrov's personal secretary. The IMRO, having accomplished its goals at last, dissolved. To consolidate their gains, Aleksandrov led Mihajlov and the right-wing faction of the organisation into the \
IMRO Joint Command
§YFounded:§! §Lin Skopje, Macedonia§!
