Southern Rhodesia Focus Tree
Zimbabwe
Zimbabwean
Zimbabwe
Zimbabwean Commune
the Zimbabwean Commune
Zimbabwean Commune
the Zimbabwean Commune
Zimbabwean Commune
the Zimbabwean Commune
Rhodesia
Rhodesian
Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Southern Rhodesia
Zambesia
Zambesian
Zambesia
Zambesian Commune
the Zambesian Commune
Zambesian Commune
the Zambesian Commune
Zambesian Commune
the Zambesian Commune
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
Zambesian Federation
the Zambesian Federation
ICU
ISL
ICU
Labour
Reform
Rhodesia Party
SAP
Reform
National
National
Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union (Africanist)
Industrial Socialist League
Industrial and Commercial Workers' Union (Syndicalist)
Labour Party
Reform Party
Rhodesia Party
S. Rhodesian South African Party (Conservatives)
Reform Party
S. Rhodesian National Party (Moderates)
S. Rhodesian National Party (Extremists)
United Party
United Rhodesia Party (Rhodesia wing)
Rhodesia Party
United Rhodesia Party (Reform wing)
African Explosives and Industries Rhodesia
Salisbury Arsenal
Dorman Long Rhodesia
Marmon-Herrington Rhodesia
de Havilland Rhodesia
Vickers-Armstrong Rhodesia
Anglo American Rhodesia
Engen Rhodesia
Racial Segregation
Much like in South Africa, the larger part of the Southern Rhodesian population are native black Africans, but a small demographic of Southern Rhodesian English-speaking whites hold all political power and enforce a system of segregation. During the integration in the Union this dynamic changed little, if anything it became more severe, and now with the detachment it is not expected to just disappear.
Responsible Government
The white settler population had been lobbying for local responsible government for years, but the British South Africa Company, South Africa and Great Britain favoured integration into South Africa instead and forced the colony to integrate into South Africa as a province. But now, a responsible government has finally been achieved, probably in a more extensive form than it would have ever been if it had been granted in 1922.
Gonarezhou Game Reserve
The Gonarezhou area is a natural hotspot for wildlife with a high diversity of landscape around the sandstone cliffs of Chilojo. The government has decided to mark the area as a Game Reserve, so the wildlife can flourish unreservedly.
Protected Wildlife
The Southern Rhodesian government has chosen to divert additional funding to the protection of its wildlife, which flourishes on the country's savannahs.
Safari Tourism
The investments in the wildlife protection is paying off, and a slow but steady stream of Safari tourists from across the western world are trickling in to view Southern Africa's fauna.
Southern Rhodesian Sugar Revival
Much needed investment now given to South Rhodesia's sugar industry is starting to give small returns.
Support the Maize Farmers
Supporting the Maize Farmers has allowed for cheaper produce.
Invest in RCL&R
Investment in Rhodesian Cattle Labour & Ranching company has expanded the beef industry tenfold.
South Rhodesian Economy Stabilised
With a small boom in beef export, the South Rhodesia economy has begun to stabilise.
Industrial Conciliation Act
Unencumbered Railway Works
The infamous Railway Unions which have made infrastructure works through the savannahs of the Rhodesia's so cumbersome have been severely curtailed, allowing us to finally progress infrastructure projects which have been on the table for years.
Cooperation with the Trade Unions
We have reached an accord with the infamous Railway Unions which have made infrastructure works through the savannahs of the Rhodesia so cumbersome. With this agreement, with concessions on both sides, we can stride into the future with renewed unity and confidence.
Southern Rhodesia Currency Board
The Southern Rhodesia Currency Board controls the intermediate phase between the phasing out the South African Pound which was made Southern Rhodesia's currency when we entered the union and the restoration of the Southern Rhodesian Pound.
Southern Rhodesian Central Bank
Now that we have achieved our independence, it has become time that we fully control our own fate, and this includes our own currency. The new Central Bank of Southern Rhodesia shall henceforth maintain control over the currency of our nation.
Increased Immigration
Implement Tariffs
With relations still strained, South Rhodesia has opted to implement tariffs.
Trade Concessions
Trade concessions have been made to South Africa in a hope of reducing the animosity that both nations have to each other.
University College of Rhodesia Expansion
By expanding its grounds, the government hopes the college will become the think tank of Africa.
Education Reforms
The flow on effects of the education reforms are being felt within both the research and production sectors of South Rhodesia.
Nationalised Utility Companies
Only the government can be trusted in this vital infrastructure that runs Rhodesia.
Nationalised Railways
With the railways nationalised, the government has been able to exert more control within South Rhodesia.
Subsidised Utility Companies
With Government grants, the nation's utility companies are beginning to roll on forward.
Subsidised Railways
Further subsidies within the utility sector have led to a small boom in the sector.
Emergency Fortifications
The Rhodesian Staff Corps
Allied Military Exchanges
Reformed Army Command Structure
Enhanced Munition Production
The South Rhodesian Air Corps
[ROOT.GetAdjective] Expansion
Form the Zambesian Federation
Northern Rhodesia and Nyasaland have a significant economic dependence to Southern Rhodesia. Now that we have recovered these regions it seems only natural to incorporate the resource-rich regions into a Zambesian Federation which will represent a stronghold of Britain's influence in this region.
Re-establish Imperial Control over Northern Rhodesia
With chaos having overtaken the German colonial order, it is our duty to restore order in Northern Rhodesia, a rightful imperial possession rich of resources.
Establish Control over Mozambique
With chaos having overtaken the Portuguese colonial order, it is our duty to restore order in Mozambique, lest its chaos imperil the imperial possession around it.
The §Yauthoritarian wing§! will become the §Ydominant§! in the §YReform Party§!.
The §YRhodesia Party§! and the §YRight-Wing of the Reform Party§! become a single §YUnited Rhodesia Party§!.\nAll market liberal popularity is converted to authoritarian democrat.\n
§YThomas Nangle§! is elected as the new leader of the §YReform Party§!. He will become the official head of the opposition.
Responsible Government at Last
The time has come to build a responsible, British-style government to our lands.
Border Infrastructure with South Africa
It would be wise to set up border fortifications to defend from possible incursions from our southern aggressor.
Issue Passports
It is essential for our new nation to give passports to our citizens.
Establish the Gonarezhou reserve
The Gonarezhou is vast and filled with beautiful wildlife, and we must keep it this way. We should consider declaring it a national reserve in order to better protect its natural state.
Combat Poaching
Poaching has become a large threat to the Rhodesian wildlife, it is essential that we take measures to eliminate the poaching of wildlife.
Attract Wildlife Tourism
Our natural wildlife is a gift. Knowing this, we could use it to our advantage by gaining some extra revenue by attracting safari tourism.
Anglicise the Bureaucracy
Now that we are, for the first time, beholden only to our own desires, we need no longer account for Afrikaans, the South African language rarely spoken north of the Limpopo, in our bureaucracy. English, and only English, shall do...
Invite Imperial Experts
It is utterly important that we invite experts from the crown to guide us in building up our newly independent homeland.
Expand the Native Reserves
The current native reserves are small and their people are overcrowded. It is only natural that we expand these reserves to allow for some prosperity in the native communities
Draft a Constitution
A constitution will provide us with stability and certainty of future governance. It is of the utmost priority that a constitution for Southern Rhodesia is drafted.
Establish the Southern Rhodesia Currency Board
In order to better manage the currency situation here in Rhodesia, we must establish a currency board which will guide this process.
Legalise Sweep-staking
Sweep staking, should it be legalised, would provide us with a large amount of much needed income. This course of action is necessary if we wish to continue to grow our new economy.
Bring back the Rhodesian Pound
Having regained our independence from the Union of South Africa, it would be most wise to restore our old currency - the Rhodesian Pound.
A Stable Administration
A responsible government brings prosperity and stability to a nation. With our fast growing economy, it is fair to call our administration stable.
Attract Immigrants
Rhodesia has always been a place desirable to immigrants. Encouraging furthe immigration and increasing the infrastructure required to receive them could only benefit us.
Cross the Zambezi
Across the Zambezi lays North Rhodesia, taken from the British after the collapse of their empire, we have yet to be under the same flag. However, an opportunity may just allow us to take back what is rightfully ours.
Reform the Education System
Our current education system, is... well, lacking to say the least. In order to better improve the welfare of our people, we must reform our system of education.
Establish The Supreme Court
An essential part of a Responsible Government is accountability, creating a supreme court to reside over the interpretation of laws and the constitution.
Curtail the Railway Unions
The railway unions are a nuisance for the progress of our nation. In order to advance our railways, we must suppress them.
Negotiate with the Railway Unions
While we could just suppress the unions, it may be more beneficial for the overall unity of the nation if we were to work with them.
The Salisbury-Beira Line
A massive project, it as been decided that a line will connect Salisbury and Beira by railroad.
Industrial Conciliation Act
The Industrial Conciliation Act borrows heavily from its South African counterpart with its end goal to protect the interest of white workers over their black counterparts.
Fixing the Damage
The Boers were not kind to us, with our civilian infrastructure heavily damaged during the fighting. Thanks to our Entente benefactors, we have the funds, and the means to make most needed repairs.
Expand the University College of Rhodesia
An initiative has been put into place to expand the University College of Rhodesia to promote the immigration of intellects to Southern Rhodesia and to allow for trades to be taught in an effort to kick start South Rhodesia economy
Expand our Infrastructure
Southern Rhodesia is fairly far away from... Basically everywhere besides South Africa. If we are to diversify our currently predominantly agricultural economy to seriously compete with our South African neighbours, we need to work on our national infrastructure.
Support the Rhodesia Sugar Refinery
Such cash crops, like sugar are vital to the recovery of the South Rhodesian economy. With this in mind, we shall support our local sugar refineries via the means of stimulus packages.
Develop Bulawayo Industry
Bulawayo has always been the centre of Rhodesian industrial hub. With further investment from the Entente, we further develop vital industrial hub.
Subsidies Northern Maize Farmers
Akin to our sugar industry, our maize production must be supported if we are to further recover our industries, with subsidies being afforded to our farmers.
Tariffs with South Africa
Relations are still rocky between Salisbury and Pretoria, with neither wishing to make any accommodations towards each other. With this, we must impose harsh tariffs on any goods that hail from South Africa, till such a time such accommodations are made.
Economic Reconciliation
Though we have had our differences, diplomats from both South Africa and Rhodesia have been looking to ease tensions. With this in mind, trade between the two nations has normalised, with both nations accepting each other goods.
Counter Cattle Diseases
With further research and development into preventives of diseases that effect our lucrative cattle industry has allowed for the use of more land previously unsuitable, allowing for a small expansion of rural towns within the country.
Invest in RCL&R Ltd.
RCL&R Ltd. have proven themselves to be a company worthy of investment, it would be wise to help their growth.
Economic Boom
Salisbury has recovered from the Third Boer War, and its economy has stabilised greatly.
Nationalise the Utility Companies
Under the control of the government, we will be better able to run the utilities of our nation.
Nationalise Rhodesian Railways
The railway companies have proven themselves to be unable to run the railways properly. It has been decided that they are to be nationalised.
Subsidise the Utility Companies
Instead of nationalisation of the utilities, it would be better if we were to give them subsidies to improve their growth.
Subsidise Rhodesian Railways
Instead of nationalisation of the railways, it would be better if we were to give them subsidies to improve their growth.
Support Salt Extraction
Rhodesia is not a particularly large exporter of salt products but miners have long-eyed up potential commercial reserves in mines and river-beds. With the debacle of the railways fixed, some additional funding will ensure that the salt-miners have access to good infrastructure, making the industry a valuable commodity.
Mobilise the Territorial Force
A rally cry has begun in Salisbury, with it being heard as far as Broken Hill. Young men are flocking to our cause to supplement our forces to fight off the Boer menace. With the territorial force in action, we can win this battle once and for all.
Requisition Necessary Supplies
We cannot hope to match the fiery war engines of our allies in the Northern hemisphere and so will have to make do with whatever comes to hand. Be they German arms smuggled from up North to dusty museum pieces, we must have arms and we must have factories to make them.
Emergency Fortifications
Being in the middle of the colonies and with a lack of natural defences to the South we'll need to make do by building whatever fortifications we can. Blockhouses, stockades and trenches will have to make do in lieu of concrete and iron but they're cheap and will still make do.
Reorganise the Rhodesian Staff Corps
The Rhodesian Staff Corps has been the primary military force of South Rhodesia for some time but the civil war has shown that it is currently in a lacking state and not prepared for the incoming conflicts. With some adjustments it can be a force of the modern century.
Establish the Salisbury Arsenal
Rhodesia currently lacks a proper military infrastructure of its own, we can start to rectify this by building a proper arsenal in the capital. Guns, bombs and artillery win wars.
Adopt Allied Weapon Standards
To ensure ease of supply maintenance, production and leasing, we will need to adopt official allied weapon standards. While many of our weapons have served as well, they're simply no longer up to scratch and we cannot afford to get finnicky over precious ammunition.
State Grants for Munition Factories
While we are starting to see the birth of a military industry, we would do well to empower the local captains of industry to help build it further. State grants will ensure that new munition plants are on the construction agenda for the next few years.
Expand River Patrol Forces
Rhodesia is a land-locked nation but one with a large swathe of volatile rivers that can house domestic insurgents and foreign agents. While a brown-water navy is no substitute for the RN, it can give us some valuable sailing experience.
The Rhodesian Coast Guard
Against the odds we have secured a coast and access to the sea. While we're not exactly a seafaring nation, we shall follow in Father Britain's tradition and establish our own coast guard.
The Rhodesian Air Lease
Airpower will be key to the next war, but lacking the planes or know-how in designing them, our allies have offered to provide us with planes to reverse engineer and put towards our own fledgling air corps.
The South Rhodesian Air Corps
Following in the footsteps of modern warfare developments, it is high time that we formed our own air service to support our infantry on the battlefield.
Frontier Listening Posts
Knowledge is half the battle and being aware of enemy troop movements will give our forces an edge in any conflict. Erecting covert listening posts in the frontier will be great boon to our efforts.
Land-Air Coordination Practice
Air units cooperating with their land counterparts is a necessary component of modern warfare, we should ensure that our infantry and pilots are trained well in the practice so as to avoid any mishaps.
Incorporation of the BSAP Units
The British South Africa Police is, officially, the police force for the territory of Rhodesia but the line between police and army is blurred. An already trained paramilitary force, the BSAP could easily form the bedrock of our army if we opt to incorporate them properly.
Create the Rhodesian African Rifles
While there has been reservations about their integration, coloured and African troops proved their mettle in the first Weltkrieg and askari have countlessly shown themselves to be loyal. By creating a unit of African soldiers, staffed by white NCOs, we can tap into considerable reserves.
Bush Warfare Exercises
Large swathes of Rhodesia is covered by thick jungles and deep bush, hardly the most hospitable terrain for soldiers and fighting alike. However, if we to put our soldiers through specialised training camps in the jungle, we can ensure that they will be suited to all kinds of African warfare.
Pursue Ground Force Motorisation
Largely flat, Rhodesia makes itself an ideal terrain for speed-based warfare with trucks, cars and armoured personnel vehicles becoming ever more important. Motorisation of our ground forces is essential to keeping them up to scratch.
Light Infantry Training
It is imperative that our forces remain highly mobile and skilled in the art of movement. Having bulky units will just bog our forces down, instead our soldiers must learn how to be swift and light-footed.
Study Foreign Tank Development
Lacking our own designers we must rely on our allies for military development. With tanks becoming an increasingly important part of warfare we should study foregin tank desings and how they might be used in Rhodesia.
Expand the Integrated Hospital Units
Fighting in Africa is a nasty and brutal affair with all manner of tropical ailments waiting in the wings to snatch a wounded soldier. By expanding the integrated army hospital units we can make sure that more of our men return to the battlefield.
Procure Advisors from Friendly Nations
With the army rapidly expanding, there is a great need for allied military advisors and instructors that our own forces can consult. Doctrines can't be developed by veterancy alone!
Reform the Internal Command Structure
With major military reforms underway, the internal command structure is showing its inefficiencies and age. A major overhaul is needed to keep it at the peak of efficiency.
Integrate the Northern Regiments
Many North Rhodesians crossed the Zambesi to fight during our struggle and since then have formed unofficial paramilitary 'Northern Regiments'. Highly skilled, very eager and trained in warfare more suited to climates North of the Zambesi, they could prove a great boon to us.
Form the Rhodesian Intelligence Corps
Warfare is changing and is now fought in the shadows as well as the battlefield. Lacking our own intelligence service, it is a priority we rectify this at once and see that our secrets are safeguarded.
Experimental Special Forces Training
Owing to our experiences in the Boer War, it has been proposed that we investigate the possibility of experimental parachutist forces. Quick and agile, death from above could very well become the killing blow for our opponents.
Masotsha Ndlovu
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Saba, Matabeleland§!
Charles Mzingeli
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Plumtree, Southern Rhodesia§!
Harry Davies
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1878, in Wales§!
Thomas Nangle
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in St. John's, Newfoundland Colony§!
Percy Fynn
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1872, in Queenstown, Cape Colony§!
Ernest Lucas Guest
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1882, in Grahamstown, Cape Colony§!
Godfrey Martin Huggins
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1883, in Bexley, Kent, England§!
Hendrik Verwoerd
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1901, in Amsterdam, North Holland, Kingdom of the Netherlands§!
Herbert James Stanley
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1872, in England§!
Lawrence Keller
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1885, in Poplar, Middlesex, England§!
George Walker
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1912, in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England§!
Hugh Williams
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1889, in Flintshire, Wales§!
Otilia Liebermann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1890, in Outdtshoorn, Cape Colonr§!
James Cowden
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1869, in Bowning, Colony of New South Wales§!
George Mitchell
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1867, in Ayrshire, Scotland§!
Allan Ross Welsh
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1875, in Bedford, Cape Colony§!
William Winterton
John de Lisle Thompson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 12th, 1904, in Cape Town, Cape Colony§!
William Eric Campbell Tait
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1886, in Morice Town, Devon, England§!
John Sidney Morris
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1890, in Didsbury, Lancashire, England§!
Charles Warburton Meredith
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1896, in Wynberg, Cape Colony§!
John Ellis Ross
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1893, in Kent, England§!
British South Africa Police
§YFounded:§! §L1889, in Macloutsie, Bechuanaland Protectorate§!
Regional Hegemon
Regional Hegemony
The time has come to carve our place in the sun.\nHave your faction own 150 states.
Defender of Democracy
Bastion of Democracy
Ensure all countries in the world are either of the following ideologies:\n$social_democrat_coloured$\n$social_liberal_coloured$\n$market_liberal_coloured$\n$social_conservative_coloured$
Harbinger of a New Order
A New World Order
Ensure all countries in the world are either of the following ideologies:\n$authoritarian_democrat_coloured$\n$paternal_autocrat_coloured$\n$national_populist_coloured$
Successor of the Internationale
Socialist Countries Only
Non-Socialist Countries Only
Democratic Countries Only
Reactionary Countries Only
Countries At Peace or Same Enemies
Non-Socialist Countries
Socialist Countries
Non-Democratic Countries
Declaring Country is Faction Leader or a Player
Declaring Country is Considered Major or is a Player
Blocked
Second Weltkrieg
Target Country
World Situation
Second Weltkrieg
Faction leader or player decides the goals
Southern Syndicalist Alliance
Defeat Argentina
Control all Argentine states.
Democratic Alliance of the Caribbean
Bastion of American Democracy
The Americas have long been plagued by extremism whether it be through foreign intervention or domestic instability. It is time to end this tyranny and spread democracy to the rest of the continent!
Liberal Pact
People's Vanguard
Revolutionary Front
Unite Central America
About a century has passed since Central America as a political entity last existed. Time to revive a united Central America once more!
Bombay Pact
Reunification of India
Control all Indian states.
Andijan Alliance
Pishpek Pact
Survive the Russian Onslaught
As Russia takes more land in Central Asia, our resistance becomes more and more formidable.
Pan-Turkic Pact
Achieve Turkic Unity
For too long have the Turkic peoples of Central Asia been the victims of Russian, Chinese and Persian imperialism. At last we must unite together to prevent the mistakes of the past.\n\nOwn all states in Central Asia, East Turkestan and the state of Ashkhabad.
Baltic Last Stand
Baltic Sovereignty
Control all Baltic states.
Intermarium
League of European States
Small Pact
Liberation of Europe
With enemies surrounding us on all sides, we have been tasked with the seemingly impossible task of liberating Europe. We have nothing to lose by resisting.\n\nEnsure all countries in Europe are in our faction.
Reichspakt Western Europe
Reichspakt Eastern Europe
Reichspakt Central Europe
Internationale Western Europe
Internationale Western Mediterranean
Moscow Accord Eastern Europe
Moscow Accord Central Europe
Entente Western Europe
Entente Western Mediterranean
Entente Eastern North America
Co-Prosperity Sphere Northern China
Co-Prosperity Sphere Southern China
Chinese United Front Northern China
Chinese United Front Southern China
League of American States
Organisation of American States
Socialist League of the Americas
Joint Pacific-Atlantic Command
Reinforce the Monroe Doctrine
As longtime protector of the Americas, we must restore our influence on the continent. In the process, all foreign influence and the socialist threat must be eliminated.
Torchbearer of American Socialism
With the destruction of the capitalist system in America, it is time to carry the torch we lit and spread it from Alaska to Patagonia. Only then can a new order be enforced.
Secure America
The cooperation between the West and East Coasts is a necessary decision to ensure a victory in the Second American Civil War. American democracy must be restored at any cost!
Belgrade Pact
Balkan Liberation
Own all states in Danubia and the Balkans.
Cairo Pact
Guardian of the Middle East
Own all states in the Middle East, Anatolia, Caucasus, North Africa, Sudan, Horn of Africa and Central Asia.
Asia-Pacific Friendship Association
Asian Peoples' Anti-Imperialism League
Internationale of the East
Asian Peoples' Internationale
New Asia Alliance
Global Revolutionary Federation
Anti-Imperialist Crusade
Western Influence must be eliminated from Asia and the Pacific. The continent's centuries of exploitation has lasted long enough and the time has to execute the final blow to the imperialist powers.\n\nOwn all East Asian, Indian, Central Asian and Pacific states. Excludes the Middle East.
Asia-Pacific Treaty Organisation
The Asian Federation
The World Federation
Champion of East Asian Democracy
Have all countries in East Asia, Oceania and India be either:\n$social_democrat_coloured$\n$social_liberal_coloured$\n$market_liberal_coloured$\n$social_conservative_coloured$.
Asia-Pacific Security Pact
Wuxing Protocol
League of Free Asian States
National Liberation Front
Asia-Pacific Non-Aligned Movement
Secure the Sinosphere
If China is to return to the world stage, it ought to reclaim what it lost to the major powers a century or more ago. In the process, we shall aim to secure the amptly named Sinosphere.\n\nOwn all states in China (including all claims), Korea, Japan, Indochina and Singapore.
Chinese United Front
China's Last Stand
The bonuses scale based on how many Chinese states are controlled by the enemy.\nThe more Chinese states the enemy controls, the greater the bonuses.
Co-Prosperity Sphere
Hegemon of Asia and the Pacific
Subjugate all countries in East Asia, India, Australia and the Pacific. This excludes Central Asia and the Middle East.
Austro-Hungarian Monarchy
Donau-Adriabund
Sarajevo Accords
Protector of the Balkans
Own all states in Danubia, Italy, the Balkans, Anatolia, Poland and Ukraine.
Entente
Restoration of the Old Order
Recover every British and French core, claim and colony.
Third Internationale
Eastern Front of the Third Internationale
Fourth Internationale
Fifth Internationale
Communist Internationale
World Revolution
Ensure all countries in the world are either of the following ideologies:\n$totalist_coloured$\n$syndicalist_coloured$\n$radical_socialist_coloured$
Moscow Accord
Second Moscow Accord
Eurasian Treaty Organisation
Holy League
Petrograd Accords
Kharkiv Accords
Minsk Accords
Riga Accords
Vistula Accords
Warsaw Accords
Prague Accords
Belgrade Accords
New Entente
Masters of Eurasia
Own all states in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Central Asia, Xinjiang, Mongolia and Manchuria.
Reichspakt
Global Hegemony
Ensure every country outside of the Americas has joined the Reichspakt.
Create a Collaboration Government in [From.GetNameDef]
Create a Collaboration Government in [?country_to_initiate.GetName]
Create the European Section
Recruit in [From.Owner.GetNameDef]
Create the North American Section
Create the South American Section
Create the African Section
Create the Middle Eastern Section
Create the Asian Section
Create the Oceanian Section
Create the Indian Section
Recruitment in Europe
Recruitment in North America
Recruitment in South America
Recruitment in Africa
Recruitment in Asia
Recruitment in Oceania
Recruitment in India
Recruitment in the Middle East
Local Agent Recruitment
We need agents who can blend into the local communities. Some of these can be found within our own country, but we will have to make a concerted effort to identify, recruit and train them.
We will gain a local agent from §Y[From.Owner.GetNameDef]§!. This agent will be harder to detect when infiltrating and operating in §Y[From.Owner.GetNameDef]§!.
A local agent from §Y[From.Owner.GetNameDef]§! becomes available for recruitment if we have an open §YOperative Slot§!. This agent will be harder to detect when infiltrating and operating in §Y[From.Owner.GetNameDef]§!.
Autonomous State
Semi-Autonomous State
Unlocks an §YEspionage Operation§!:\n
Is invited into our faction.
Strengthen Resistance
§LPartisans in enemy-occupied territory are desperate for support to continue the fight. They are tying down significant amounts of enemy troops, and would be a very effective investment.§!
Capture Cipher
§LCapturing an enemy codebook, or acquiring it by other means, would give our codebreakers a decisive advantage in their efforts.§!
Infiltration via Parachute
Agents will be dropped into the area via parachute. Flying low and at night will avoid any interference from enemy fighters.
Deployment via Submarine
Agents will be delivered close to the shore by one of our submarines. We have already reconnoitred possible landing sites and the timing of enemy patrols to avoid detection.
Infiltration across a neutral border
Agents will infiltrate across a neutral border. Border guards in the area are expected to be less alert and we have already identified a number of areas where border patrols are very infrequent.
Diplomatic Passports
Agents will use diplomatic passports to enter the country and move around. We expect enemy counter-intelligence to try and tail them, but this can be overcome with sufficient training.
Create Supply Caches
Our agents will set up a number of hidden caches of explosives and other equipment, in preparation of a general uprising once the resistance is strong enough.
Distribute Weapons
Our agents will organise and coordinate a series of weapon drops. The weapons will then be handed to trusted members of the local resistance.
Organise Training Camps
Our agents will hold courses in escape & evasion skills as well as basic fieldcraft. The most promising students will then proceed to basic firearms training.
Coordinate Resistance Groups
Our agents will travel around to coordinate various resistance groups. Forging an alliance between the politically fractured units will take some doing.
Pickup by Airplane
One of our airplanes will cross into enemy territory at night, find a marked field, land, and pick up our agents.
Pickup by Submarine
One of our Submarines will be on station at a designated pickup point along the coast. Timing will be of the essence as enemy naval patrols do cover the area.
Hiking across the border
Our agents will escape by crossing the border at night in a remote location. Local guides are standing by to assist in navigating the treacherous area.
Going to ground
Our agents will lay low and blend into the population until they are ready for the next mission. Should an opportunity arise to exfiltrate by other means, they will take it.
Make Resistance Contacts
§LAny support we can offer to the partisans active behind enemy lines would become far more effective if we had a way to communicate and coordinate with them.§!
Bribe Soldier
We have a man on the inside and will provide him with the necessary funds to steal a codebook and turn it over to our agent.
Commando Raid
Our Agent will scout the area and signal a commando unit to land and capture codebooks and encryption equipment. We will also try to capture one or two encryption specialists for interrogation.
Use Seduction
Our Agent will contact a person with access to the cyphers and use their charm - or other means - to secure a copy.
Reverse Engineer
A simpler version of the country's primary encryption machine is commercially available. We will acquire a version legally and then use it to help us reverse-engineer a decryption machine.
Create Radio Circuits
The team will distribute radios to resistance members and teach basic radio protocol, especially with an eye towards avoiding enemy radio-direction finding.
Distribute Pigeons
The team will distribute trained homing pigeons to various breeders connected to the resistance. They will be used to carry messages back to our lines.
Strategy Briefings
Our Agent will brief the leaders of various resistance groups on planned operations to coordinate resistance support.
Smuggle Cyphers
One of our double agents will request a new copy of the currently active cypher to be transferred. Coordination with other services is underway to ensure that the drop-off is not interrupted.
Steal Aviation Industry Blueprints
§LWe have received a number of very worrying reports that the enemy is ahead of us in several areas of aircraft design. If this is the case, we could attempt to gain insights into exactly how far ahead they are and utilise these findings to advance our own research.§!
Infiltrate Navy
§LWhile the close-knit crews of [From.GetAdjective] ships offer few avenues of infiltration, the support staff back home is another matter. Getting someone on the inside would give us valuable information as well as the opportunity to support more difficult operations later.§!
Infiltrate Civilian Administration
§LThe [From.GetAdjective] government has numerous weakpoints through which we might infiltrate an agent into its operations. Doing so would give us valuable insight into the internal workings of [From.GetNameDef] as well as giving us an opportunity to utilise this agent in future operations against [From.GetNameDef].§!
Infiltrate Air Force
§LThe [From.getAdjective] Air Force is the youngest of the [From.GetAdjective] armed forces. As such, it has in its ranks many people of unusual backgrounds. We could exploit some of them to get a man on the inside.§!
Infiltrate Army
§LThe [From.GetAdjective] Army has a number of individuals in its ranks that could be turned to provide additional information and support for future operations.§!
Steal Military Blueprints
§LOur intelligence analysts believe that [From.GetNameDef] has made significant advances in the field of Ground Warfare and military engineering. A more thorough investigation, coupled with some more direct methods, might yield some valuable insight for our own research projects.§!
Steal Industrial Blueprints
§LIt appears that our industry is lagging behind [From.GetNameDef] in several areas. With a bit of cunning and a little subterfuge, we may be able to close the gap considerably.§!
Steal Naval Blueprints
§LThe have been reports that the [From.GetAdjective] seem to be ahead of us in some areas of naval engineering. We might be in a position to acquire some of that tech for reverse-egnineering.§!
Offer Bribe
Our agent will identify a person in financial difficulties and offer a substantial sum to provide us with support. Funds will be made available from the treasury.
Apply Charms
Our Agent will enter into a very close and intimate relationship with someone on the inside to gain information and leverage on them.
Turn Prisoner of War
We will identify a usable Prisoner of War in our care, turn him to our side, and then repatriate him. He will no doubt be interrogated, but with proper training he will be able to overcome this.
Contact Ideological Supporter
We will use diplomatic back-channels to identify and contact members of the [From.GetAdjective] administration with political views not shared by their government and encourage them to work for us.
Offer Bribe
Our Agent will offer a substantial sum to an engineer involved in the project.
Apply Charms
Our Agent will get close to a person involved with the project and apply their charms to gain additional insights. While we don't expect anyone to hand over a full set of blueprints for some quality company time, pillow talk is often unguarded.
Infiltrate Naval Design Office
Our Agent will enter a smaller supplier in naval construction as a minor employee and use this position to make copies of available plans.
Steal Prototype
After undergoing basic flight training, and accompanied by a test pilot of our air force, our agent will gain access to a prototype and fly it to our lines. A fighter escort will be arranged to ensure the prototype reaches us intact.
Infiltrate Middle Management
Our Agent will utilise provided references and a doctored CV to gain employment in the middle management in a major company. From this position, they should be able to provide information on that company as well as the industry as a whole.
Plant Explosives
Working with local resistance members, our operatives will infiltrate the plant in the dead of night, place explosives near load-bearing structures, and thus collapse the entire factory hall on top of the production equipment.
Organise More Meetings
Interviews with workers have shown that holding extensive meetings to discuss minor issues has the effect of dramatically slowing down production, at minimal cost for our operatives.
Destroy Bridge
Local resistance has identified a bridge forming a lynchpin of enemy supply efforts in the region. Our operatives will bring down the span with a few pounds of high explosives.
Collapse Tunnel
The main railway line in the state runs through a narrow tunnel. Our operatives have identified the structural weakpoints in the construction and will utilise explosives to collapse the tunnel.
Remove Roadsigns
Our operatives will knock down street signs and turn others around in an effort to make navigation by occupation troops more difficult.
Immobilise Rolling Stock
A handful of sand in the lubrication points of a railway carriage will eventually make it grind to a halt, thus blocking a rail line until it can be repaired. Even a small number of disabled cars could collapse the entire system.
Burn Storage
Local resistance have identified storage units that contain highly flammable compounds. Under the cover of night, our operatives will set fire to the storage and then withdraw in the ensuing confusion.
Destroy Mining Equipment
Local resistance groups have pointed out that a lot of the heavy equipment used in mining is extremely vulnerable. Our agents will utilise explosives to disable a number of critical pieces to grind the entire mining operation to a halt.
Sabotage Industry
§LResistance in enemy territory has requested support in disabling a local industrial plant.§!
Sabotage Infrastructure
§LResistance in enemy territory has been waging a low-key effort against enemy infrastructure, but has so far lacked the resources to make a heavy impact.§!
Sabotage Resources
§LResistance in enemy territory has informed us of enemy efforts to extract resources in the state. A well-placed wrench thrown into those plans would prevent that.§!
Rescue Captured Operative
§LOne of our assets has been taken off the board by the enemy. We must get it back, and quickly, before it is permanently removed from play.§!
Free In Transit
Our operative is moved by car between the prison they are kept in and the place where they are being interrogated. We know the route, and will send a small unit to lay an ambush, kill the guards, and free our operative.
Liberate Camp
While under interrogation, our operative is kept in a camp with other important prisoners. We will mount an attack on the camp with a small unit, overpower any guards present, and liberate our agent.
Smuggle in escape gear
Our scientists have developed a set of escape tools. We have a local contact that has agreed to take the package. Our operative will then utilise the tools given and make their way to the rendez-vouz for exfiltration.
This operation might burn an §YInfiltrated Asset§!.
Focuses local resistance on targeting industry and increases the chance of successful attacks.
Focuses local resistance on targeting infrastructure and increases the chance of successful attacks.
Focuses local resistance on targeting resource extraction and increases the chance of successful attacks.
Orchestrate Coup
§L[From.GetNameDefCap] is ripe for a regime change. A few good, reliable people - with proper support - could topple the rotten structure propping up the [From.GetAdjective] government.§!
Set up Planning Committees
Our team will meet with some sympathetic politicians to discuss the possibility of a new government being formed to administer [From.GetNameDef] after we occupy it, and form some small work groups that will work out the details.
Train Paramilitary Forces
Our team will organise and train some units to aid the new government in maintaining law and order. Until the new government is organised, they will help with keeping the rear areas secured.
Contact Military Officers
Our team will follow some leads that indicate that some retired military officers are deeply unhappy with the current [From.GetAdjective] government and would be willing to help us create a new government following our occupation.
Prepare Collaboration Government
§LHaving a friendly government in charge of [From.GetNameDef] would allow us to concentrate on our other enemies and free up troops to pursue other objectives.§!
Decoy Tanks
We have invented cheap decoys that look like tanks from a distance. We will place these in easily observable locations and make sure the enemy has plenty of time to notice them.
Radio Deception
We will set up a small unit of radio specialists, pretending to be the signals detachment for a much larger formation. They will also be using an older version of our cyphers, to make it easier for the enemy to read their messages.
Deliberate Leaks
Some of our agents in foreign countries will ensure that they are being indiscreet around the right people, thus making sure the enemy gets the desired information through 'trustworthy' sources.
Press Releases
We will invite reporters to write very detailed stories about some of the things we would like the enemy to know about.
Utilise Double Agents
We have turned a number of junior informants of the enemy intelligence service. They will be encouraged to supply the other side with the right kind of information.
Plant Evidence
We will mount a small operation at a location the enemy controls but which we are not currently interested in, and make sure that we leave plenty of evidence behind.
Release Pow
A captured enemy officer is due to be repatriated home on humanitarian grounds. Before he leaves, we will make sure that he accidentially sees a number of things.
Plant False Intelligence
§LWe know that [From.GetAdjective] Intelligence is active in our country. Sometimes, it is better to give someone looking for information just what they want to hear.§!
Despite some trouble with finding the dropzone in the dark, the team landed safely.
With a first attempt dashed by high waves, a second landing attempt the next day was met with success and delivered the team safely to shore.
Under the cover of very adverse weather, our team found the previously scouted trail and proceeded across the border without further problems.
The team had no trouble getting into the country and deftly avoided the tail enemy counter-intelligence put on them.
The small courier plane managed to find the pickup point with little issue, and delivered the team safely back to our lines.
After several tense days of playing hide and seek with a local enemy patrol, our team managed to arrange a pickup and leave the area undetected.
The team escaped by crossing the border under the cover of night, utilising a local guide to help them find a way through the border defences.
Our team has blended in with local civilians and is currently making plans to either make their way back to our lines or stay in the area for further assignments.
While the enemy conducted a few recon sorties in the area, we can not be certain that they spotted the decoys and were convinced by them. We are awaiting confirmation from other sources that they took the bait.
Our radio operators produced a lot of traffic. Whether the enemy actually monitored any of it is hard to tell.
We made sure that enemy agents were supplied with a number of small leaks that paint an altogether different picture of reality. Whether the other side bought it remains to be seen.
Our Department for Public Information has ensured that press coverage in friendly and neutral papers is roughly how we want it to look.
Our double agents have supplied the other side with a generous helping of information - some of it even correct, to ensure that the enemy continues to trust them.
The raid we conducted was a complete success, and the other side recovered plenty of evidence of our operation. Early reports indicate that there have been a number of troop movements in response to it already.
The officer was driven close to several military encampments and was allowed to notice a variety of unit patches for divisions that don't actually exist.
The team planted the explosives successfully and brought down the building. Damage to the machine tools is reportedly light, but it will still take a lot of time to rebuild.
Our agent successfully infiltrated the middle management of the target company, and has aggressively restructured processes to find greater synergies by driving engagement with key stakeholders. Productivity has dropped significantly.
The team planted the explosives and set the fuze to coincide with a passing train. Between the explosion and the damage of the derailed train, the entire span has dropped into the river.
After identifying structural weakpoints, the team placed explosives and withdrew. While damage to the tunnel is repairable, it will take some time until the tunnel is fully usable again.
The team successfully removed roadsigns at a number of important intersections and replaced signs on other locations, creating great confusion amongst drivers unfamiliar with the area.
The team infiltrated a railway depot and successfully sabotaged a number of vehicles. The effects should only become apparent after the vehicle has run for a couple of kilometres, stranding it on the open track.
The team successfully set fire to the local storage areas, destroying hundreds of tons of stored resources and severely impacting the ability to maintain a stockpile.
The team managed to sabotage most of the heavy mining equipment. While some of the damage may be superficial, it will still create some serious bottlenecks in the production flow.
We made contact with an engineer in financial difficulties and convinced him to part with some secret papers in return for some convertible currency.
Our agent found an engineer in need of some personal company, who has been very open about his work.
Our agent successfully infiltrated a naval equipment supplier and made copies of a number of key component blueprints.
The prototype was successfully recovered and flown to a friendly airfield. Our engineers are now taking it apart.
The time spent by our agent in the management of a small company has significantly increased our understanding of the enemy economy. We are still investigating reports that productivity increased while our agent was working there.
Our agent obtained a full copy of the codebook from an unnamed source in exchange for some valuables.
A small Commando unit successfully raided a radio station and managed to obtain copies of the current cypher before it could be destroyed.
Our agent was able to convince a person in possession of the cyphers to part with them.
Our agent managed to convince their contact in [From.GetNameDef] to send them a full copy of the cyphers used to communicate with them.
Our agent has successfully obtained an example of the enemy's encryption machine. While less capable than the military models, it will still allow us a great deal of insight into their operations.
The team set up a number of planning groups to organise the new government and ensure a smooth transition of power once combat operations are over.
The team has organised a number of reliable men, some with military experience, into small paramilitary units, which will help in guarding the rear of our advancing army.
Our team has made a few contacts with retired military officers, who may be convinced to help in organising a new government so long as they may play a role in it.
With the support of a small Commando unit, our team was able to execute an ambush and recover our agent while they were being moved to a new location.
Mere hours before the prisoners were due to be moved, a small Commando unit managed to liberate the prison where our agent was being held.
Our agent received the escape tools and successfully broke out of the prison under the cover of night, evading search teams and patrols for several days before being able to make contact.
Our agent successfully convinced a soldier on active duty to work for us in return for a significant sum of money.
Our agent has begun a relationship with an active soldier, who has become a quite reliable source of information.
Our Department of Psychological Operations has successfully convinced a prisoner of war about the justice of our cause and sent him back to the other side.
Our agent has made contact with a number of officers who no longer support the current [From.GetAdjective] regime.
The team has made contact with several resistance units and instructed them in radio technique, leaving a radio operator with each one.
A number of pigeons were dropped behind enemy lines with instructions on how to feed and care for them.
The team instructed resistance members of planned operations in their sector, set priorities for intelligence gathering, and arranged supply drops.
The team set ups several arms and munitions depots in concealed locations to improve the striking power of the resistance.
The team distributed weapons to a number of resistance cells and instructed the members in their use.
The team held courses in basic fieldcraft, small-arms maintenance and demolitions.
The team gathered representatives of the largest resistance groups to properly coordinate operations on a larger scale and ensuring supplies were directed where they are most needed.
Scout Targets
The team will reconnoitre the targets, take photographs and provide the latest information on the location of high-value targets.
The team provided accurate information on the location of enemy headquarters and other important locations only hours before the attack commenced.
Mark Targets
The team will use pre-arranged signals and markers to allow our forces to more easily detect high-value targets.
Despite having to be done at short notice and in darkness, the markings were very successful at directing our forces to the most important targets.
Sabotage Communications
Our team will cut telephone lines and ambush messangers to disrupt enemy communications in the crucial first few hours.
Our team successfully disrupted enemy communications, leading to a slow response to our attack.
Direct Units
When the attack begins, our team will direct our units to the most valuable targets by radio.
Our team has been very successful at directing our units, increasing the damage done to the enemy.
Occupy Bridges
Our team will seize bridges in the area, preventing their destruction and blocking enemy counter-attacks.
The team successfully overpowered the guards at a key bridge and cut the wires for the demolition charges, allowing our forces to proceed unhindered.
Coordinated Strike
§LTo achieve victory over [From.GetNameDef], we must strike a crushing surprise blow.§!\n\nPrepare §YPort Strike§! and §YStrategic Bombing§! air missions in the target region and they will strike as the operation completes and initiate war between us.
We will declare war on §Y[From.GetNameDef]§! through a surprise attack. When activated all prepared Port Strike and Strategic Bombing in the target region will execute multiple times without air defence being able to intercept them.
§ROur pilot found the designated landing place lit up brightly with floodlights from several enemy anti-air units, and decided that the operation was compromised.§!
§RThe submarine waited at the agreed-upon extraction point for several hours, but no message was received from shore indicating that our team was ready for extraction. The crew reported increased enemy activity on the shore during that period.§!
§RThe guide on the other side of the border waited in vain for our team to appear, until he had to abandon his post due to an approaching enemy patrol.§!
§RThe team has so far failed to make contact during the pre-arranged schedule. We have no further information on what happened to them.§!
Outlook
§HRisk:§! $VAL|-%0$
§HBonus Outcome:§! $VAL|+%0$
Operation: 
§GSAFE§!
§RRISKY§!
§RDEADLY§!
§YROUTINE§!
§GGOOD§!
§GEXCELLENT§!
The enemy has equal or better radar technology.
The operation was an immense success, and yielded §Gbonus rewards§!!
Intelligence Operations: $VALUE|=-%0$
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will focus more of their efforts on sabotaging local resource extraction.
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will make a large effort to sabotage local resource extraction.
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will focus more of their efforts on sabotaging local factories.
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will make a large effort to sabotage local factories.
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will focus more of their efforts on sabotaging local infrastructure.
Local Resistance in [From.From.GetName] will make a large effort to sabotage local infrastructure
Several revolutionary cells were organised and have begun operating in the enemy rear.
We have placed a number of reliable people in positions of power, allowing them to quickly take over adminstrating liberated territories.
Several battalions of worker militia stand ready to guard critical installations.
Our agent has successfully convinced trade unionists and workers to begin a major strike.
Our assets in the country have been placed to capture critical infrastructure when the uprising begins.
On receipt of the start signal, our agent led several units to capture their assigned objectives. The rebels have successfully taken control of a slice of territory.
In the confusion of the uprising, we have lost contact with our operative. We may never find out what happened.
Gain one random §YAgency Upgrade§!
Infiltrate Atomic Programme
Our nuclear weapons programme is behind other countries. We should plan an operation to infiltrate foreign atomic weapons programmes and acquire vital blueprints and data.
We will place an agent inside the [FROM.GetAdjective] nuclear research programme who will attempt to pass technical documentation that can be used in our own atomic project.
