Education Society
Chung Hwa Education Society
Youth Association
Sarawak Advanced Youth Association
Anti-Imperialist League
Sarawak Anti-Imperialist League
Students' Delegation
Kuching All Students' Representative Delegation
Dayak Association
Sarawak Dayak Association
Chamber of Commerce
Chinese General Chamber of Commerce
Persatuan Kebangsaan
Persatuan Kebangsaan Melayu Sarawak (Sarawak Malay National Union)
Persatuan Melayu Muda
Persatuan Melayu Muda (Young Malay Association)
Persatuan Melayu Muda
Persatuan Melayu Muda (Young Malay Association)
Pergerakan Pemuda
Pergerakan Pemuda Melayu (Malay Youth Movement)
Raja Putih
Raja Putih (White Rajahs)
Datu Patinggi
Datu Patinggi (Paramount Chiefs)
United People's Party
Sarawak United People's Party
Sarawak
Sarawakian
Sarawak
People's Republic of Sarawak
the People's Republic of Sarawak
People's Republic of Sarawak
the People's Republic of Sarawak
People's Republic of Sarawak
the People's Republic of Sarawak
Republic of Sarawak
the Republic of Sarawak
Republic of Sarawak
the Republic of Sarawak
Republic of Sarawak
the Republic of Sarawak
Republic of Sarawak
the Republic of Sarawak
State of Sarawak
the State of Sarawak
State of Sarawak
the State of Sarawak
East Malaya
East Malay
the State of East Malaya
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Raj of Sarawak
the Raj of Sarawak
Wu Chan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1904, in Haifeng County, Guangdong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOriginally known as Wu Zantian, the leader of the Sarawak Anti-Imperialist League's humble origins began in the Guangdong countryside, born to a once wealthy peasant family that had fallen on hard times. He spent his youth working the fields, until in 1925 he joined most of his family in emigrating to Sarawak. They settled in the Kuching Chinatown and became grocers at the Siniawan markets, financing an opportunity for Wu to travel to Japan the next year and seek a higher education. He was able to apply at the Tokyo Higher Normal School, where he changed his name to Wu Chan.\n\nDespite being born and raised in the southern heartlands of the Chinese Revolution, it was not until his arrival in Tokyo that Wu became acquainted with radical politics. At this time he was primarily influenced by Chinese Anarchism, the Japanese Left and the Third Internationale. By the early 1930s Wu abandoned his studies, citing the ongoing Japanese imperial meddling in Manchuria as a burden on his conscience that prevented him from continuing to study at a Japanese school. He moved to Shanghai where he made contacts with the local chapter of the Kuomintang through some fellow ex-students and founded a local newspaper entitled \
Yang Zhanmou
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Great Qing§!
Ong Kee Hui
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1914, in Kuching, Raj of Sarawak§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe great scion of the Ong family is practically the face of younger Chinese Sarawakians who distinguish themselves not through resting on their wealth and privileges, but instead through political organising. Hui was born into the family of the \
Jugah Barieng
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Kapit, Raj of Sarawak§!
Ong Tiang Swee
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1864, in Kuching, Raj of Sarawak§!
Abang Haji Abdillah
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 13th, 1862, in Kuching, Raj of Sarawak§!
Abang Haji Mustapha
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in the Raj of Sarawak§!
Charles Vyner Brooke
Vyner I
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1874, in Westminster, London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles Vyner de Windt Brooke was born abroad, during one of his mother Margaret's many sojourns away from the White Rajahs' adoptive homeland of Sarawak. Though groomed to one day inherit the Raj from his father Charles Brooke, his strict upbringing in British high-society and his education at Winchester and Trinity College had initially left Vyner shy and unassuming. Upon his return to Sarawak in the late 1890s he was appointed his father's aide-de-camp and sometimes his regent. He had an impressive martial career, quelling native insurgencies in Sarawak and serving in the British military before and during the Weltkrieg. Gradually, Vyner broke out of his shell and came to enjoy the privilege he held as heir presumptive and later Rajah.\n\nUpon inheriting the throne in 1917 he used his middle name to distinguish himself from his father, and initially ruled in tandem with his younger brother Bertram, believed by many to have been Charles' preferred choice of successor. His brother was something of his opposite; a once bold and charismatic man who had grown introverted with age. As such, it did not take long for Vyner to dominate Sarawak's government as the brothers' shared responsibilities fell entirely on his Vyner's shoulders.\n\nSchemers such as the \
Bertram Brooke
Bertram I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1876, in Kuching, Raj of Sarawak§!
Anthony Brooke
Anthony I
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1912, in Bradfield, Berkshire, England§!
Council Negri
§YFounded:§! §L1903, in Bintuli, Raj of Sarawak§!
Muhammad Rakawi bin Yusuf
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Kuching, Raj of Sarawak§!
Ahmad Tajuddin
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1913, in Istana Pekan, Brunei Town, State of Brunei§!
Abang Othman
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Raj of Sarawak§!
Sarawak Focus Tree
Reign of the Rajahs
Reaffirm Vyner's Rule
Enforce the Abdication
Sarawakian Oligarchy
The Democratic Transition
Evolving the Division System
Residential Patronage
Expand the Rajah's Role
Codifying the Succession Laws
Reforming the Resident System
Constituent Autonomies
Extending the Franchise
A Native Led Future
The Perlembagaan Rakyat
Fostering Native Democracy
Strengthening the Executive
Ketuanan Melayu
Malay Only Government
Limit Foreign Citizenship
Expropriation of Colonial Assets
Revitalise the Ummah
Reign of the Young Malays
Nativise the Resident System
Counteract the Anglo Dominance
Three Stars of Sarawak
Pursuit of Industrialisation
Encouraging Multiethnic Harmony
Three Stars, Three Principles
Nusantara Socialism
Ousting the Landlords
Redistribute Noble Wealth
Protecting the Rights of Labourers
National Capitalism
Government of the Masses
Three Stages of Revolution
Restructure the Paramilitaries
Inviting Foreign Experts
Kuching Military Academy
Tackling Corruption in the Forces
Militarising the Constabulary
Ranger Heritage
Expanding the Volunteers
Centralising the Command
Tear Out the Rot
Constructing a Loyal Officer Corp
Bornean Jungle Training
The Sarawak Doctrine
Homegrown Expertise
Mandated Army-Party Membership
Mass Recruitment Campaigns
Communal Militia Inspiration
Look to the Svobodniks
Developing Kuching
Beginning the Bornean Highway
Brooke Dockyard Refurbishment
Black Gold of Brunei
Subsidisation of Forestry
Sabah Steelworks
Sarawakian Coast Guard
Protecting Oil Exports
Bukit Stabar Airstrip
Establishing a Native Airforce
Sarawakian Paramilitaries
While the troops of [SAR.GetNameDef] may have achieved great renown for their achievements and valour, especially the Rangers, [SAR.GetNameDef] formally lacks a single unified army and instead continues to rely on a more decentralised approach of multiple different paramilitary units. Despite it not being as effective as a regular army in conventional warfare, fighting in the lands of Borneo is rarely conventional, and may grant [SAR.GetAdjective] troops the advantage when the time comes.
NBCC Influence
The British North Borneo Chartered Company is one of the only foreign corporations that have ever been granted economic concessions to in Sarawak. From this they have long been exploiting Borneo's resources for their own profit, much to the detriment of the local peoples, especially those in Sabah and Labuan. In these two eastern territories, the company was and effectively still is the only form of law and government, competing with the government in Kuching.
Reign of the White Rajahs
The Brooke family have ruled Sarawak ever since the territory was first granted to James Brooke, the first White Rajah, by the Sultan of Brunei. It was under this dynasty that the nation of Sarawak would emerge, and continue to thrive and survive under both British and German protection. With Sarawak now nominally independent, a White Rajah continues to sit on the Raj's throne, ready to lead the nation forward into this new future.
The Sarawakian Oligarchy
The Brooke family have ruled Sarawak ever since the territory was first granted to James Brooke, the first White Rajah, by the Sultan of Brunei. It was under this dynasty that the nation of Sarawak would emerge, and continue to thrive and survive under both British and German protection. With Sarawak now nominally independent, a White Rajah continues to sit on the Raj's throne, bringing with them great reforms to the nation, although ones that have so far benefited few but the ruling circle.
A Modern Raj
The Brooke family have ruled Sarawak ever since the territory was first granted to James Brooke, the first White Rajah, by the Sultan of Brunei. It was under this dynasty that the nation of Sarawak would emerge, and continue to thrive and survive under both British and German protection. With Sarawak now nominally independent, a White Rajah continues to sit on the Raj's throne, bringing with them great reforms to the nation, which have planted the seeds of democracy that shall hopefully spring forth a modern and renewed nation.
Perlembagaan Rakyat
The Perlembagaan Rakyat, or People's Constitution, is the document which has set in motion a great number of democratic reforms in the state of [SAR.GetNameDef]. The new constitution has put forth significant reforms to the Council Negri to attempt to make it a democratic legislature for all citizens of [SAR.GetNameDef], the rights of all citizens no matter their race have been legally guaranteed, and the special status of the other states in North Borneo have been officially recognised. While only time will tell how effectively and thoroughly these constitutional elements will actually be implemented, it appears that [SAR.GetNameDef]'s future will be a democratic one.
Seeds of Democracy
While political interest groups and organisations have always existed in [SAR.GetNameDef], the reforms made to the Council Negri have led to these groups officially reorganising themselves into proper political parties ready to operate within the system. It will certainly take time for these new parties to fully ingratiate themselves into the system, but with every step made towards this goal the people of [SAR.GetNameDef] are becoming more and more confident in the new constitution and the state as a whole.
Empowered Executive
While [SAR.GetNameDef] may be free from foreign rule, and reforms have been made to the Council Negri to give the nation's people a greater voice, true power in the nation still sits firmly in the hands of the small ruling circle, with nothing being done on a political level without a direct order from the top.
Ketuanan Melayu
As far as the ruling Pergerakan Pemuda are concerned, [SAR.GetNameDef] is a state that belong solely to the Malays who inhabit it, and they have made clear of their intentions to ensure this remains the case. While not outright hostile to the non-Malays living within the nation's boundaries, the government has left no room for doubt that it will always prioritise the rights and desire of the Malay people over these non-Malay 'guests' who still make up a significant portion of the population.
Reign of the Young Malays
Even with the White Rajahs no longer in power, control over [SAR.GetNameDef] still rests firmly in the hands of a strong executive ruler and those favoured within his ruling circle. Despite not being as corrupt as the Vyner regime of old, to many little seems to have changed outside of the removal of many 'colonial remnants' which served to potentially restrict the ruling circle's influence.
The Three Stars of Sarawak
Socialism has reached North Borneo, and its people have been united under a three starred banner, representing the three main ethnic groups of the Malays, the Chinese, and the Dayaks. It is through uniting these people under one socialist banner that the government of [SAR.GetNameDef] hope to free the nation from the legacies of colonialism, and bring it forwards to a bright red future.
Three Stars, Three Principles
Having been liberated by a Kuomintang led government, the leadership of [SAR.GetName] have taken great inspiration from the teachings of Sun Yat-sen and other Kuomintang leaders when shaping their vision for the new state. While North Borneo may not be China, they believe that concepts such as the Three Principles are truly universal, and can guide the nation forward no matter where it may be located.
Nusantara Socialism
While many regard socialism to be at its most developed extent in western nations, the government of [SAR.GetNameDef] believes that ideas formulated at home and amongst the citizens of its neighbouring regions are a much more valuable source of inspiration. Taking elements from thinkers from mainland Malaya, those across the sea in Java, and even in the Philippines, they hope to develop a brand of socialism that truly fits the peoples of Southeast Asia.
Social Revolution
While Sarawak has finally been liberated from the jaws of imperialism, our nation is not yet truly free. Sarawak and its people must ride the national revolution to its logical conclusion, liberating all aspects of its society. Sarawak's social revolution will see women freed from the feudal social order, and the downtrodden classes will finally march as equals to the bourgeoisie. Sarawak shall stand up!
Tentera Darat Sarawak
The old paramilitaries that used to make up the bulk of Sarawak's armed forces have been swept aside in favour of the development of a proper standing army to defend the nation. While unlikely to ever compete with the armies of the world's great powers, in time it is hoped that an army strong enough to defend the nation from any reasonable threat can truly be developed.
Copying the Communal Militias
To the socialist government in [SAR.GetNameDef], no soldiers have ever better exemplified the true spirit of the cause than the militias of France. While Borneo is no France, and its people may not be as energised as the French were, it is hoped that if even a fraction of it is emulated the soldiers of Sarawak will fight as hard as the nation needs them to when the time comes.
Studying the Svobodniks
While [SAR.GetNameDef]'s paramilitaries may have been disbanded in favour of a standing army, it does not mean that the nation's government does not recognise how effective the tactics employed by such troops can be. Seeing the paramilitaries that aided in the rise of Savinkov as the exemplary example of such tactics, they have begun to introduce elements into the army's training inspired by these Russian loyalists they have come to admire.
Vyner's brother §YBertram Brooke§! will be chosen as the new Rajah of Sarawak, reigning as §YBertram I§!.
Vyner's nephew §YAnthony Brooke§! will be chosen as the new Rajah of Sarawak, reigning as §YAnthony I§!.
$HEJ_totalist_party$
$HEJ_totalist_party_long$
$HEJ_totalist_party$
$HEJ_totalist_party_long$
$HEJ_totalist_party$
$HEJ_totalist_party_long$
Hizb al 'Ijtimā'ī
Hizb al 'Ijtimā'ī
Hizb al Hurriyyāt wa al 'Adālah
Hizb al Hurriyyāt wa al 'Adālah
Hizb Hurrat al 'Arab
Hizb Hurrat al 'Arab
Hizb al Tahāluf
Hizb al Tahāluf
Āl Sa'ūd
Āl Sa'ūd
Āl Sa'ūd
House of Saud
Āl Sa'ūd
House of Saud
§RClaiming the title of Caliph will likely anger and outrage many of our neighbours, we should be careful about such an act...§!\n
The Ikhwan is already out on a raid
Preparations for the War of Unification
For years we have waited for the opportunity to unite the Arabian peninsula under the House of Saud. Sadly the Ottoman watchdogs did not sleep with both eyes closed and when the British Empire fell in 1925, they more than rewarded their Rashidi lapdogs for their \
Arabian War of Unification
The Final Struggle for control over the Arab interior is rapidly approaching as the Ottoman behemoth is crackling under the weight of the worldwide economic depression, temporarily unable to maintain peace on the peninsula. All Emirs will have to pick a side for the future of the Arab world will be written in blood and the losers will find themselves disgraced, cast aside or slain on the field of battle.
Imminent Collapse
Whilst the deserts of Arabia are no strangers to war, its economy and agrarian base can not sustain long conflicts without intermittent armistices and decisive victories. Should either the House of Rashid or Saud find itself on the verge of victory, the other will have no choice but to admit that it does not have the capacity to sustain a lengthy siege or a war of attrition.
Sway the §YRuwala§!
Sway the §YAnizzah§!
Sway the §YDhafir§!
Sway the §YMutair§! (Mishari ibn Busayis)
Sway the §YUtaibah§! (Sultan ibn Humaid ibn Bijad)
Sway the §YUtaibah§! (Abd al-Rahman ibn Rubayin)
Sway the §YDuwasir§!
The Ikhwan Rides Out
The Ikhwan or 'The Brethren' is a tribal militia used by Ibn Saud as a key element within our army. Zealous religious warriors, they are not bound by loyalty to Ibn Saud but by allegiance to the strict morals of Islamic society. Renouncing all Western advances, the Ikwhan wish to purify the Islamic world of its decadence and unite all Muslims in a single unitary state.\n\nNonetheless they are an unruly and barbaric force, slitting the throats of all male prisoners they encounter and fighting with swords and lances. This makes them a worthy asset however to Ibn Saud, as their zealotry and bloodthirstiness is used in their infamous raids on the territories of our neighbours.
Raid Qatar
Raid the Trucial States
Raid Asir
Raid the Hejaz
Raid Basra
Raid Baghdad
Raid Damascus
Raid Medina
White Peace between Muscat and [SAU.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Join the Cairo Pact
Times have changed and the once undefeatable Ottoman war machine has lost steam. With Arab nations and groups flocking to the green banner of Egypt who clamours to fight for the liberation and glory of the Arab peoples, our Emir as well questions his relation to the Porte. We already had a whiff of freedom these last few years so after all... why not? Why shouldn't we keep it?
Leave the Cairo Pact
Fighting side by side with the Egyptians, we were able to beat the Turks. With this task done, it is time to end this marriage of convenience. We shall strike out on our own, and lead the Arabs ourselves!
Salafi Discontent
Even after the military defeat of the Ikhwan, many still sympathise with them openly, and others plot for another revolt. Measures must be taken.
Heavy Jizya Payments
Every Christian and Jew living in Arabia pays a fair price for the freedom and peace we brought.
Warriors of Faith
We will free our fellow Arabs! We will take down the Great Turk and those who stand in our way! God is Great!
Salafi Madrasahs
Our wisest men are now not only properly funded, but have the capacity to expand and grow their great schools of Law and Faith.
Trading Expertise
Our trading expertise is yielding us great benefits with our contacts.
Food Imports
We are buying foodstuffs en masse and building a foundation for the future.
Illiterate Populace
Many, if not most of our people are too uneducated to properly aid us in the ways we need them too.
Islamic Welfare
Charity towards the needy is one of the five pillars of our faith; the many poor, destitute and the orphans and widows of war will not fall to poverty under our rule.
Archaic Economy
Our economy is still based on small time agriculture, pastoral activity and Oil trading.
High Morale Troops
Well equipped and motivated men, our forces fight for more than their mere nation, but for the Holy Cities, for Faith and their Sovereign.
New Arabian Army
Our reformed armed forces now act with renewed vigour and independence from politics, and god willing will bring us victory in the battlefield.
Arabian Horsemanship
Our horsemen, equipped with the finest steeds and steeled by years of raids, have answered the call and will fight for us in the coming war for the world.
Desert Logistics
Our forces are trained to make the best of our terrain and know paths foreigners do not.
Unifiers of Arabia
The Rashidi dogs are dead and the road to a unified Arabia lies wide open. Sally forth and claim Victory!.
Morals Police
Religious observance and public morality shall be enforced in order to keep our land pure.
Islamic Education
Using public funds, we have expanded our higher learning institutions.
War of Unification
Triumph of Allah's Will
War for the Peninsula
Saudi Focus Tree
Fulfil Our Destiny
Our conquest shouldn't end here! All Arabs must unite under Arabia!
Claims on Asir
Without the larger power to back their pitiful land grab, we can finally hit Yemen with full force. Southern Arabia will be ours!
Hit Egypt
For too long have the apostate ways of the Egyptians misled the faithful. Now, we must unite all Arabs under our rightful rule!
Hit Libya
Now we reach west, towards lands we yet don't rule; we will see the Atlantic like the old Caliphs and liberate every Arab under the rule of western puppets.
Invade the Imamate of Oman
The duality of power in Muscat & Oman is greatly hampering their capacity to resist the Ikhwan and has left vast swathes of land defended solely by its local inhabitants. With the Ottoman Empire doubting the cost of sustained operations in the region and an Imamate refusing to cooperate with their troops, we have a window of opportunity to invade and destroy them before Oman & Muscat can form a united front.
Saudi Hegemony
Our allies have served their purpose. With the Rashids's and their allies gone, no tribe has the means to stand in our way. A new era begins for Arabia, and the Saudis call all the shots now.
Expand Oil Hold
For a long time we allowed local lords and chiefs to freely do with the Oil in their land as it pleased them; not anymore! Every man must do his duty to strengthen our position...
Consolidating Fringe Arabia
As the flames of war lessen, we can finally set roots on the rich region of Yemen. Once called Arabia Felix by the Rum due to the immense wealth of its rulers, these lands have long been held by Ottoman forces but also divided by petty sectarian squabbles which must be dealt with.
Develop Yemen
The cities of San'ā and Aden are among the largest in our realm, and their merchant classes will eagerly accept our help to develop and improve their lands, and ensure that they finally reach this new age of wonders we live in
Tighten Control over Arabia
There have been many years since we held Ha'il and the surrounding areas, and many of our old allies have forgotten their allegiances. Paying visits and showing respect to these lords, and convincing them our just intentions, will, God willing, take not much time.
Purge the Rashidis
The last of the Rashidis are in hiding, both on lands we control and abroad. The only way to truly consolidate our rule and to end delusions of grandeur from lesser houses for good is to end their line, in a definitive fashion
Purge the Ikhwan
The Ikhwan have fulfilled their mission of liberating Arabia from the yoke of undeserving lords, and yet dared to revolt against the hand that fed them. Like a stern father, we must punish those who don't recognise the new pecking order in Arabia, where the Saudis stand absolute.
Dealing with the Trucial States
The Emirs of the Trucial States have long cowered behind the might of Britain and the Ottoman Empire. Now this so-called protection is at an end and they will serve their new nation.
Consolidating the Realm
Our tribal allies will all gather again, and will be convinced by our wise arguments that our Emir is the sole supreme lord of Arabia. Of course, things are a little more complicated than that, and a concentrated effort must be made to reach that end.
Saudi Legal Code
While we will still preserve local law and legislation, we need to draft a proper legal code to be established in the entirety of our Kingdom's territory.
Protect the Minorities
For centuries, despite our differences, we have respected the rights of the Christians, Jews and other peoples under our rule, as it was instructed by the Prophet himself. We must ensure that all of our subjects, no matter their creed, are safeguarded.
Absolute Leadership
There is no time for deliberation and liberalism; there is only time for action. A leader must not waste his time listening to those lesser than him, but rather focus on his own opinions and his most trusted advisors.
Realm of the Arabs
All of Arabia is under us, and nothing can stand between us and the destiny of our people, to be united as one, under one single monarch: a Saud.
Houses of Wisdom
As our forefathers during the Abbasid Caliphate did, we have established several houses of knowledge in our realm. We shall bring forth a new golden age of Arab wisdom!
Land of Faith
With the support of our clergy and wise experts of faith, we shall build Arabia into a paradise for the faithful, God being our witness.
Cleanse Fringe Arabia
Too many Turkish and German double agents, even atheist liberals roam the streets in the cities of Yemen and Oman. Their sinful lives revolve around spreading unrest, and we will ensure they can't do that.
Cleansing of Heresy
Too many Turkish double agents, Rashid and Hashmid loyalists and even atheist syndicalists roam the streets in the lands of Arabia. Their sinful lives revolve around spreading unrest and we will ensure they can't do that.
Law of Faith
A new law is in place of Arabia; the Canon Law as established by the Prophet, blessed be his name. Arabia is no place for apostates!
Jizya
Those who are not of the faith will enjoy our shelter, and for a nominal tax will be fairly and justly protected. We, unlike the honourless Turk, fulfil our deals.
Gather the Amirs
All the lords of importance in Arabia are to be gathered and convinced to join on our new, bright order.
Trading Regulations
If the Kuffar are so interested in Oil, let them pay for it. The funds will reach the right hands, and in return they will be allowed to dig deeper.
Funds for the Faith
Petroleum's military and economic importance has exploded since the turn of the century. Though the port of Abu Dhabi, already bloated with the spoils of trade in black-gold, God's servants shall have their reward. God willing of course.
Ghazis
Gather men of faith! The time for great effort arrives! Your strength and determination is what separates you from the honourless curs that serve the idols!
Warriors of the Faith
Every true Muslim warrior knows that when fighting for Arabia, they fight for God, Country and their very families. There is no effort that can be spared, the time of great struggle is near!
Hunt Apostates
We will start a crackdown on the so called 'syndicalists', jumped up guild masters who think their labour is a god. Of all silly western notions, this one is perhaps the most poisonous, and we must cut down this evil. God willing, we will succeed.
Destroy Dissent
Nothing is worse than a traitor. Not only of the faith, but of our homes, families and all we stand for! The shame of it! Alas, we must treat them with the steel they deserve.
Madrasah Funding
Our greatest scholars will now gain the proper funding they require, and hopefully fund new schools here and abroad, for all the faithful who wish to learn.
Kuffar Weaponry
One thing we know: Our old weapons won't do. We need to learn and copy the Christian Empires in their technology for battle, for to not do so would be to endanger the Faith itself!
Saudi Caliphate
For centuries, the title of Caliph has laid vacant, save for empty claims from small states, such as Sokoto and some Turkish empire. But now, with control over the holiest sites of Islam and the entirety of Arabia, we already *are* the leader of the faithful, tis' only a matter of making this point official.
Establish Morals Police
We will work to establish a Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, which will actively seek to root out cultural and mental degeneracy in our lands. Such is a wise way to keep our Ulema content.
Lawful Succession
We will establish a clear system of succession based on principles of seniority, wisdom and faith, for every king after the first of this new Arabia will lead it most wisely.
Trading Expertise
For millennia the Arab people had become rich not due to the bounty of the land, but by their expertise in trading. Now more than ever we are strapped for funds and goods, and we need to put all the merchants and diplomats we can into good use!
Military Imports
We need weapons in order to defeat the Ottomans and anyone that would stand in the way of Arabia. To that end, let us import our weapons from abroad.
Weapons Acquisitions
'This is just a misunderstanding! These are just hunting rifles for the Emir's personal collection. I assure you that everything is in order.'
Reverse Engineering
'It's *not* a Gewehr! It's the Abu Dhabi made Bunduqia Sabah rifle; entirely original design, I assure you.'
Armament Plans
We have many warriors which are capable and brave, but far fewer guns that are actually usable on a modern battlefield. If we are to take victory and ensure our freedom, we must ensure we have the best available to us.
Arsenal of Arabia
More than just having the minimum of guns, we need to have a surplus; ammo, ships, tyres, bandages, food, livestock; Arabia's arsenal has many needs which must be fulfilled lest we will fall to our enemies.
Caravans of Tomorrow
Railways will slowly replace old methods of transportation, and soon every city, nook and cranny of our great land will be within a day's ride to a train station and the larger world. We need to prepare our industry for that.
Foreign Advisors
As we advance our industrial and military programmes, the lack of know-how begins to become and issue, and we desperately require foreign men to help Arabia back to its feet after such devastating centuries.
Expand Oil Operations
Our oil wells have been working at sub optimal capacity; even if we need foreign aid and plenty of time, ensuring we can exploit this resource should be our top priority.
Intensify Food Imports
It's no simple task to feed a nation in times of war, especially considering our enemies are likely to have naval superiority. We are planning to make stocks and secure supply channels to make sure that they cannot hope to starve us into submission, and to diminish all kinds of famine in times of peace.
Improve National Logistics
Building a railway is more than placing the tracks, for much planning is involved before even the first bit is in place. While we are not ready to build a railway yet, the infrastructure of the country can be improved to let it happen in the near future.
Industrial Raw Materials
Our lands hold little in a way of metals usable for industry, and thus we have to search far and wide for viable deposits of minerals our industries are about to be starved for, beginning in the mountainous regions of our land.
Literacy Campaign
Our beautiful words and deep knowledge must be spread far; to allow the people to live in ignorance of the world is to be the most cruel of tyrants, for all men should know his words.
Education Reform
It takes more than reading and writing to make a scholar, much like the ability to speak does not make one intelligent. Proper education for our young, and not only those who can afford tutors, will take decades to truly build, but we must start this most important step today.
Dig for more Oil!
Wealth flows throughout this land. And if our people have one failing, it is the love of wealth. It is sweeter than water, it is more powerful than the sword, for any sword can be turned aside with a blank check. Oil will buy us a thousand guns, and why, a thousand guns, they are the start of an Empire!
Combat Poverty
More than our moral duty as Muslims, to aid the poor is the surest way to create prosperity and a healthy realm. Little can we do to make the people love us, if they can barely scrape by bread and crumbs! We must ensure that not only the most poor, but also widows of the men who gave their lives for Arabia, have some kind of safety net to fall on, sponsored by our wise state.
Integrate the Hejazi Economy
By some called the centre of Islam, the Holy City of Mecca is the pearl in the crown of any would-be Arabian warlord. Not only does it entail a degree of prestige otherwise impossible to acquire, it is also the end-point of the Hajj which even today is already our primary economic drive. Far more developed and with a modern bureaucracy, its incorporation into our realm will however not be a sinecure.
Arms Industry
Our industry now should focus on the defence of the realm, as we work to divert funds and resources towards defence expenses. We must now allow our armed forces to lack the vital equipment they so desperately need!
Refurbish Towns and Villages
As the future slowly arrives to Arabia, it is time for us to improve our villages and towns to prepare for the coming of industry, and the settling of the wandering tribesmen.
Airports for Arabia
Connecting our cities not only by land, but by air, should be a priority for our new government. The added bonus of allowing greater military traffic certainly is a nice one...
Building a Better Future
A better future is more than new buildings, or new books, or new goods; it's changing the way we see the world, and thus changing the world itself. God's light again shines over us, and we will make this earth a better place, even if the cost is high.
Build Universities
The final step our plans for education is naturally the higher learning, and revitalising the science and advancement than once were synonymous with the Arabic language. Naturally, more hawkish advisors see more 'practical' gains from such universities...
Recruiting Effort
Many young men risk idling by the great histories in motion, and will not even hear a call to arms! This cannot be tolerated, and every man in Arabia will be reached out on how to fight for the Emir and his people.
Contest the Gulf
Many would call it the 'Persian' Gulf. But we know better, and we will make sure the world does too!
Protect Oil Shipping
Our oil exports are a very vital part of our economy, and our enemies know this. To ensure that the shipments safely reach the Indian Ocean, a proper oceangoing navy will be needed, and the crews to maintain it.
Al-Hasa Naval Base
Once part of the Ottoman Basra Vilayet, Al-Hasa will now be properly refitted to be our main port for the foreseeable future.
Naval Exercises
As we prepare for confrontation with [PER.GetNameDef] and other hostile powers in the Arabian Gulf, we will conduct navy exercises to ensure our fleet has actual experience at sea when conflict flares up.
Liberate the Holy Cities
The holy cities of Mecca and Medina are held in bondage by the Ottoman Turks. It is our holy duty to liberate these holy cities under our banner.
Mobilise the Tribes
Every tribe in these lands has sworn to help us, and now we are at war with foes which wish to undo all we have fought for so long. Fulfil your oaths! Come to us, for your Emir calls for aid!
Army Command Modernisation
It's high time we modernise the way our army is led, away from the lords and into the army, which will be properly organised following foreign military doctrine, with different branches for different types of units and theatres.
Establish Arabian Air Force
We should look into establishing the first ever Arabian air-force and rule the skies above the desert dunes.
Establish Mechanised Brigades
In this new age, we must ensure our capacity to adapt is as present as our bravery and integrity. Mechanised and Motorised infantry forces will play a grand part in our reconquest of the homeland!
The New Arabian Army
As our army reform continues, more political effort must be done to ensure it works at a similar capacity to that of Major Powers, lest we will be sent back to the dustbin of history. The time has come for us to spare no effort in making sure to end tribalism and factionalism in our armed forces and prepare it for the coming century.
Arabian Horsemanship
Ever since before the time of the Caliphate, we Arabians were well known as excellent horsemen, and trusty warriors are one thing that we'll surely need. As our cavalry divisions modernise, they are expected to operate in a distinct Arabian fashion, still.
Desert Warfare
We know how to fight in these lands, better than anyone else. Our men have fought off our rivals for decades now, and many more foes are to come to our sands. But they will be defeated, and learn to hate sand.
Desert Logistics
Moving armies through the desert is oftentimes impossible if you do not know the way; a wrong turn may have your forces trapped in trackless desert, or straight into an enemy trap!
War of Resistance
We live in an age of total war, where even limited conflicts put everything at stake. Your young nation can fall just as fast as it arose, and be crushed under the iron heels of history. We must resist! Forever Arabia will be Free!
GFX_SAU_intro
The Emirate of Najd
The Weltkrieg was one of many signs that we, the House of Saud, are destined to rule this land. In the hour of their greatest hubris, the Hashemites were abandoned by their infidel puppet masters and left for dead to the Turks. While our inactivity in the war proved most fortuitous when it came time to avoid Ottoman retaliation, the decadent Turks held no real sway over us. Now we bide our time, gathering warriors, money, and expertise to strike at the Rashidis, who think they can play both sides by accepting Hashemite warriors and pay lip service to the Porte, and finally unite Arabia under our flag!\n\n§CDecisions to prepare for the war with Jabal Shammar are available.§!
Najd and Hasa
Saudi
Najd and Hasa
Sultanate of Najd
the Sultanate of Najd
Sultanate of Najd
the Sultanate of Najd
Sultanate of Najd
the Sultanate of Najd
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi
Saudi Arabia
Saudi Arabia
Saudi
Saudi Arabia
Abdulaziz Ibn Saud
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1875, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAbdulaziz Ibn Saud, the mortal rival of many dead men, now turns his sights towards Saud ibn Abdulaziz Al-Rashid. This rivalry began when the young Ibn Saud was ejected from his tent in Riyadh by the Rashids. Never a pawn of Emirs, Ibn Saud's father rallied the destitute men of the coastal Emirates to the great goal of his dynasty, Wahhabism. The Rashids were then ejected at the cost of many men, including their only western ally. Ibn Saud himself started many feud the Saudis inherited, as he expressed hatred towards any Arab who turned their nose up towards Bedouins. This seed of anger had passed onto his men, who inherited his ferocity and may turn this youthful fury against him yet.§!
Saud ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1902, in Kuwait City, Emirate of Kuwait§!
Rashid ibn Abdul-Aziz ibn Saud ibn Mohammed al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Najd§!
Abdullah ibn Abdul Rahman al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Sa'ad ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd and Hasa§!
Khalid ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1913, in Riyadh, Emirate of Riyadh§!
Muhammad ibn Abdul Rahman al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd§!
Abdullah ibn Jiluwi al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd§!
Faisal ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1906, in Riyadh, Emirate of Riyadh§!
Khalid ibn Muhammad al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in the Emirate of Riyadh§!
Sa'ad ibn Abdul Rahman al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Noura bint Abdul Rahman al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1875, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd§!
Muhammad ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1910, in Riyadh, Emirate of Riyadh§!
Mansour ibn Abdulaziz al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §L1921, in Riyadh, Emirate of Najd and Hasa§!
Abdullah ibn Faisal al-Saud
§YBorn:§! §Lin Riyadh, Emirate of Najd§!
Muhammad ibn Abdullah al-Aiban
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Riyadh§!
Yusuf Yasin
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Latakia, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Muhammad ibn Ibrahim Al ash-Sheikh
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Riyadh, Emirate of Jabal Shammar§!
Army Council
§YFounded:§! §L1921, in Riyadh, Sultanate of Najd§!
