Patagonia Focus Tree
Coalition to Dismantle Andesia
Anti-Imperialist League
South American Socialist States
The Revolutionary Fires
Despite the attempts of the Argentinian government to quell the flames of revolution, our movement is still alive, and growing stronger by the day. While our victory is far from certain, we must start preparing for the final showdown against the reactionaries in the north.
The Three Economic Issues
The Patagonian landscape has not been easy on our movement. We will need to be smart if we wish to prevail on the battlefield, and to prepare ourselves for it, we must first survey the issues that plague our local economy.
Arms Smuggling
Our first step towards a Patagonian industrial revolution is to give ourselves the means to defend our revolutionary state from the reactionaries to the north. As we even lack the means to set up an industrial base, however, we'll need to look abroad for whatever weapons our meagre resources can get us.
The Patagonian Fishing Industry
The sizeable Atlantic fishing industry in Patagonia was effectively shuttered by the revolution. Before we can build a navy to defend our coasts, we must first help our fishermen reclaim the seas and restore Patagonia's mothballed merchant fleet. Above all else, this will help us feed both our people and our army.
Exploiting Resources
The Patagonian economy is grievously underdeveloped with many of the region's riches being left trapped beneath the earth. There is no reason for this other than the neglect of the previous regime, and now that we're in control of our own fate, we'll have to jump-start a resource industry to support both our people and our revolutionary army.
Industrial Planning Scheme
The old regime left Patagonia in a state of abject destitution, lacking any semblance of modern industry. Patagonia's own industrial revolution will have the ultimate goal of bringing prosperity to our people, but before we can fulfil it, we'll need to establish the supply chains needed to fuel it from abroad.
Central Construction Agency
Abandoning the exploitation and whims of the free market, we'll set up a central planning committee in Puerto Madryn to oversee future developments in the region. By setting clear goals for ourselves and our workers, we'll be able to create the basic industry and infrastructure that Patagonia needs more efficiently.
British Industrial Assistance
Through the great efforts of our labourers, the goal of turning Patagonia into a fully modern industrialised state is finally within reach. With industrial assistance from Britain, this goal should become achievable.
Communard Arms Production Assistance
To liberate Argentina from reactionaries, we should increase our military production. By requesting tools and machinery in France, we can ensure a steady stream of guns being produced by Patagonian hands for our war effort.
Chilean Naval Assistance
Our comrades in Santiago have aided us with soldiers, guns and resources since the dawn of our revolution. They are willing to provide some industrial assistance in our shipbuilding.
Request Submarines Designs
Forts and land warfare can only get us so far. If we wish to strike against our enemies, we will need to request old submarine designs from our allies in Britain. Even if they can only spare a few relics from the Weltkrieg, it would go a long way to safeguard our coastline from hostile forces.
International Officer Training
Most of our navy is currently commanded by a mix of the captains of converted civilian vessels and inexperienced civilians voted into a commanding position. If we could convince the Third Internationale to help us train our officers, it could prove invaluable in our efforts to strengthen our navy.
Coastal Defences
Should our coast guard be forced back into port or sunk, our cities will be completely exposed to naval landings by the reactionaries. To prevent them from employing such cowardly tactics against us, we must build defensive fortifications along our coast.
Population Surveys
In order to properly prepare for the incoming war, we need to carry out a census of our population, and begin drafting conscription lists, as we will need to dig our claws deep for every reserve soldier we can send to the front.
Rally the Workers!
The Frente Obrero's Cause is just! The workers of the north would be wise to see this, and while their voices are kept quiet by the northern regime, we can still reach them via our informants and hidden transmissions. We will help them reach our lines so that they can help us overthrow the regime that dared oppress them.
Women at Arms
Our adversaries to the north have held down the women of Argentina for far too long. Therefore, we'll give a rifle to every woman that's willing to serve in our army in the spirit of equality and actively encourage more to do so. While some petty traditionalists may disagree with this measure, it'll help greatly to even out the odds against Buenos Aires.
Mass Recruitment Scheme
In order to make up the difference in manpower, we need to bring as many people as possible into our ranks. We'll set up recruitment offices across our revolutionary state and send out officers throughout the countryside to encourage people to volunteer for our cause. While the hastened efforts may degrade our army's quality slightly, it'll effectively solve our manpower crisis.
Improvised Weaponry
Just like we had to cut some corners to make up the difference in manpower between us and Buenos Aires, we need to do the same for our equipment. We'll set up a series of workshops in the countryside and use Patagonian ingenuity to turn common civilian utilities into deadly weapons of war. A makeshift weapon is better than an empty hand!
Encourage the Unwilling
Our enemies gravely outnumber us, and to make up for this weakness, we'll need to encourage the unwilling to do what's right and take up arms against the enemy. While this move will disrupt Patagonian society, it's better than ending up as slaves under the reactionaries.
Chilean Military Aid
As we stand on the precipice of war, our comrades on the other side of the Andes have informed us that they're ready to step up their military aid to us. This will go a long way towards equipping our fledgling revolutionary army with proper guns.
Internationale Guns
Our comrades in Chile can only provide us with so much. In order to make sure every soldier has a rifle and enough ammunition to make up for the superior numbers of the counter-revolutionaries, we'll need to look abroad for help. Thankfully, our comrades in Paris and London will be able to provide us with what we need in the spirit of red solidarity.
Indiscriminate Conscription
In order to solve our manpower shortages, we may be forced to expand the size and scope of our conscription efforts. Every man and woman needs to do their duty for the revolution. Even if the quality of our army will suffer until we win the war due to the influx of unfit soldiers into the ranks, an unfit soldier is better than no soldier at all.
Call for Chilean Volunteers
Many of our comrades across the Andes are eager to spread the revolution and fight for their country, but are unable to enlist and fight in the Chilean army. We need to get the message to as many of them as possible that there's a ration, a rifle, and an opportunity to spread the revolution on our side of the border.
Call for European Manpower
Even if we gave a rifle to every man and woman in Patagonia, we'd still be outnumbered. To match our enemies, we must call on our comrades in Europe to help bolster our ranks. Luckily for us, the cradle of the world revolution is full to the brim with revolutionaries who are eager to help the socialist cause. All we need to do is to put out the word and help them reach our shores.
International Force
There are untold thousands of aspiring and veteran revolutionaries across the world who are ready, willing, and able to enlist with us. We only need to spread the message and aid as many of them as possible to join us. While this will lead to some coordination issues between our soldiers, it'll make sure our ranks are full.
International Air Volunteers
While the idea of a Patagonian air force is presently unrealistic, our increased contacts with foreign revolutionaries have allowed us to reach out to experienced pilots around the world ready to turn the skies red. While these daredevils can only provide their own planes, having them on our side will deny the capitalists the uncontested skies they're expecting!
An End to the Manpower Crisis
Desperate times have indeed called for desperate measures but thanks to our efforts, we now boast a force that can stand up to the oppressors in the north. When the foe comes to try and take our freedom away, we're finally ready to fight them with a fully manned revolutionary army!
Fortify the Border
With the enemy's superiority in numbers and equipment, a defensive stance is not out of the question. By dotting our front line with fortifications and trenches, we'll make sure that our former oppressors will pay a heavy price for every inch of Patagonian soil they try to steal from our liberated workers!
Infiltrating the North
Fighting the enemy on their terms will be the death of us. Instead, we'll destroy our foe by fighting unconventionally and forcing them to meet us on our terms, not theirs.
European Way of War
Most of our fighters are militiamen and guerrillas without any formal military backgrounds. While more than capable of defending our country, some of our European comrades are offering to help us organise our divisions according to a more regular model. Integrating more of these veterans to train our militias will also help us improve their overall efficiency as well.
Strike the Railroads
Argentina is a vast land of mountains and rivers. This forces the enemy to rely heavily on railroads to move their forces through the country. If we could prepare a series of railroad sabotages, we should be able to temporarily cripple their mobility in the first crucial weeks of the war.
Infiltrator Cells
Argentina is a vast land of mountains and rivers. This forces the enemy to spread its forces throughout the country. If we could infiltrate and sow the seeds of rebellion, we should be able to temporarily tie up their resources in the first crucial weeks of the war.
International Armour Specialists
The Weltkrieg proved the effectiveness of tanks in modern breakthrough operations. For our revolutionary armed forces to fully transition into a modern army, it's necessary for us to develop a mechanised branch. By soliciting help from British and French engineers, we should be able to speed up this process significantly.
Standardising Our Tactics
The very decentralised nature of our forces has led to a situation where each squad has its own tactics and methods, and sometimes they aren't even that organised. While unpredictability has its advantages, we should at least standardise our army tactics to the point where our officers can at least predict what moves their comrades can be expected to make.
Veteran Instructors
Since our revolutionary army mostly consists of volunteer militias drawn from the local population, their quality is severely inconsistent from regiment to regiment. By carefully picking out and embedding some of our more capable and experienced veterans with our fresh recruits, we'll be able to even out their performance and better preserve the army's institutional knowledge.
Unconventional Supply Networks
The way we fight means that our revolutionary soldiers often find themselves outside of anything resembling a conventional supply chain. By setting up forward supply caches ahead of advances and training our fighters to better forage for supplies behind enemy lines, we'll vastly improve our overall supply situation.
Foreign Doctrine Assistance
As our army gains experience, our tactics are also improving. However, now that we're starting to move away from the basics, we need to start defining what shape our grand strategy should take, and we should look to the Internationale for help in this matter.
Mandatory Militia Training
The constant threat from counter-revolutionaries in Buenos Aires and beyond is forcing us to mandate that our citizens undergo a basic militia training regimen. By preparing our people both physically and mentally for future conflicts, they can be turned into combat-worthy soldiers far more efficiently once their service to the revolution is needed the most.
A Militarised Society
There can be no permanent peace with the counter-revolutionaries, and to safeguard our revolution, we'll need to militarise our society for the inevitable conflicts that lie ahead. With a citizenry that's prepared and ready for war, anyone foolish enough to wage war against our lands will be met with fierce resistance from every layer of society.
The Revolution Successful
Against all odds, we stand triumphant. Our country may be rubble, and our people may need to adapt to this for a time. But let's not forget that it was us workers who got this country up and running, and as such, we shall do so again!
The First National Trade Union Congress
Coming from a tradition of Republican democracy, Argentina had never had a Trade Union Congress up to this point, and while many are anxious to see this historical event, many are wary of it being simply a masquerade for a dictatorial regime. As the gates to the old Congress open to the Union delegates, the fate of the nation hangs in the balance...
The Anarchist Radicals
With Severino di Giovanni now serving as the acting chairman, the Anarchist Radicals of the USA have come out on top of the other factions decisively. With a very harsh stance on religion, inequality and nationalism, the Anarchists will attempt to sweep whatever remained from the old Argentina away, and make the Argentine territory a nation for all workers of the world.
Female Rights Debate
With the conservative regimes trying to keep women as separate from men for a long time, the coming of more liberal regimes over the years changed the outlook for many of them, leading to the creation of many feminist organisations and the inclusion of women in many areas like cinema with equal status. However, Giovanni wishes to take this a step further, and such matters will need to be discussed in the congress...
Confront the Church
Argentina de-facto has never been a secular country, with the church playing the role of a major power broker in politics. However, with the coming of the revolutionary regime, this is clearly at an end. With Severino's men at the ready to prosecute every member of the clergy in Argentina, it is only the congress that stands between them and the complete removal of the church from the nation...
Build a New Society
Now that the Congress' tasks have been completed, Severino has offered to pass a bill severely weakening the Congress, in exchange transferring most of its duties to a Federal council elected by regional councils. While that may reduce our control over the farthest regions of our nation, it will allow the more industrialised sectors to run more smoothly.
The Anarchist Moderates
With Soto remaining in his post of chairman, the USA remains on top of the other Trade Unions, and is now preparing to carry out sweeping changes to the nation. While ideologically driven, Soto is by far a pragmatist within the revolutionary movement, and he'll seek to compromise the anarchist ideals with the society he now has the duty to rebuild. Only time will tell whether this will be successful...
Moderate Decentralisation
While a compromising man, Soto is still an anarchist, and has therefore ordered for some of the responsibilities of the Congress to be delegated to local and regional councils, only keeping largely essential tasks for the central government. While the balance of power hasn't shifted as dramatically as originally envisioned, it still marks a change from the centralised nature of the Argentinian system.
War Preparations Bill
While it would be the wish of many anarchists to completely abolish the Congress, the truth is that there are many reactionary regimes glancing at our nation, waiting for a time of weakness to strike. As such, the Chairman has proposed a War Preparations Bill for the congress, extending his rule and the existence of the Congress indefinitely until 'The times of reactionary aggression are at an end'.
Root out Reactionaries
Our nation cannot be safe from foreign reactionaries if local reactionaries aid them in snuffing out our revolution. We can give these traitors no quarter, and as such, we shall stage a national effort to capture any and all who may threaten our revolution.
Knowledge Transfer To A New Generation
Perhaps our most valuable resource is the vast number of war veterans throughout our society. Though a lot of them are starting to become unfit for the harshness of the front lines, their wealth of knowledge must not go to waste. By assigning more of them to train the next generation of soldiers, we'll increase our training efficiency.
Defensive Measures
The revolutionary war taught us to rapidly prepare defences even with the slimmest resources and material at our disposal. If taught more broadly, these lessons could allow us to improve our fortification construction speed without cutting back on their effectiveness.
Federal Militia Recruitment Drive
While every region is free to have their own militia, we still require a federal army to fight against the reactionaries. The proposed solution to this by the regional councils is to 'draft' a percentage of their regional militias that will instead fight for us for a period of time agreed on with each council. While it may not provide for the best trained forces, it will certainly give us ideologically driven soldiers.
Reconciliate with the Church
With the Argentinian Catholic church having stood as a major power broker for decades, if not centuries dating back to the colonial era, it may be wise to re-approach them in order to secure our regime...
Pass Revolutionary Laws
With the coming of a revolutionary government, it is time for the congress to give the workers what they want. With the passing of worker friendly laws, like paid vacations, the creation of democratised workplaces, authorising handouts for the unemployed and disabled, we are sure to gain the support of the industrial workers of the nation!
Cooperate with the UC
The Union Civica, the coalition representing the Union Civica Radical and the Union Civica Radical Antipersonalista, have openly supported us, with many of their members joining the FORA to give our trade union extra weight in the Congress. As well, we had already been supportive of each other's policies over the years, and it is only right that now that we stand on top we give them a place in our government.
The Socialist Party Moderates
After decades of struggle, the Socialist party has finally managed to become the dominant force in Argentine politics. Unsurprisingly, it has been fairly well received by the public, as the Socialist party already had a history of sensible compromises and welfare bills, and it is expected that their rule, while not as radical as the other unions, will still try to reform our nation in favour of the workers.
Reinstate Municipal Elections
The Socialists were never in favour of reforming Argentina around the Trade Unions, and as such, have proposed a bill in the Congress to allow for the Municipalities to elect their officials once more unrestricted. While receiving harsh protests from the opposition, the majority of the socialist party ensures that the bill will not have any severe complications.
Hold Provincial Elections
As part of their efforts to restore the Argentine Republic back, the Socialists have proposed a bill that will allow the individual provinces that make up Argentina to vote for their governors once more. While they have had interim governors since the end of the civil war, it is now time for the people to give the role to someone of their choosing.
Restore the Suspended Constitution
The final step to fully bring back the Argentine Republic is to restore the constitution of 1898. While some revolutionaries may loathe its existence, our founder Juan B. Justo was a staunch defender of constitutionalism, and while the option to reform it to adapt it to our rule will remain on the table, we must first fully reintroduce it.
Expand the Hogar Obrero
The Hogar Obrero, a construction cooperative created by the founders of the PS back in 1905, has long since been the preferred housing company for the Socialists. With our government in power, we should expand their operations, and include them in public works programmes so that we can end homelessness in Argentina once and for all.
Establish a Free Market
The founder of the Partido Socialista, Juan B. Justo, was a loyal follower of the ideas of free trade and the wealth it brought. However, he was also mindful of how workers could be exploited out of their earnings. As their successors, we shall seek to establish a competitive internal free market, ensuring that only cooperatives or other forms of worker-favourable organisations can truly compete in it.
Maintain Revolutionary Democracy
Despite the pleas to return to the old constitution, the truth is that the revolution has changed Argentina forever. It'd be a mistake to return to the old system, and instead we should seek to consolidate the Socialists' power on the Trade Union Congress, as opposed to bringing back the old congress, regardless of how much that may insult other parties...
The Ugartistas
The Ugartistas, rising from a small club to a sizeable faction of the Socialists with the victory of the revolution, they seek a new approach to Socialism, one that merges the ideas of Argentine nationalism, American Anti Imperialism and other concepts like Agrarianism and Economic Democracy. Only time will tell whether this mix will work out for or against the new Chairman.
Introduction of Worker Self-Management
With the Chairman secure in power, he has decided to pass a bill on the Congress, asking to nationalise a series of key companies in Argentina. However, he has stated he does not wish to add them to the state machinery, but instead allow the workers to manage the company from now on.
Encourage Worker Cooperatives
In order to promote a smoother transition to a socialist economy, the chairman has proposed to hand out loans to entrepreneurial enterprises so long as they are managed by the workers. While the loans may not come cheap initially the rewards we will reap in the long term may be worth our investment.
Collaborate with the CGT
The Central General del Trabajo, nearly destroyed by the other unions for having collaborated with the older Argentinian regimes, is fully loyal to Baldomero's cause. As such, we should seek to reward their loyalty by giving attention to their requests, and granting some of their members access to our funds for some of their projects...
Encourage Patriotism
While a Socialist nation, Baldomero sustains that our fight against imperialism and capitalism didn't start in 1921, but in 1810 when our forefathers seceded from Spain. As such, the very image of Argentina stands as a testament to anti Imperialism. In order to further cement this idea to the public, he has launched an education and propaganda campaign so that every Argentine can be a patriot without shame!
United South American States
While we respect the Internationale's intentions towards world revolution, it is hard to trust our defence to nations that are so far away and that have had their cultures and histories tainted with so many acts of savage imperialism against our continent and many others. As such, we will look towards ourselves for protection, and start a new faction that will look after the South American nations.
Breadbasket of the Revolution
Argentina has been known for a long time now as the 'Granary of the world'. With the syndicalists in Europe in a warpath against the reactionaries, we need to utilise this strength of our nation to our allies advantage, and provide them with some much needed supplies.
The Communist Supremacy
Despite having suffered a major setback when the October Revolution failed in Russia, the Argentinian Communist party has managed to reach power regardless, and now holds the majority of the seats in the Congress. While their shared dream with the Bolsheviks of a new world order under a Communist banner may still be far away, this victory has certainly brought them one step closer.
Economic Aid for the Internationale
Argentina is hardly an industrial power comparable to Britain and France, but we have significant agricultural sector and rich natural resources. With proper convoy system, this material aid can reach the European coasts and support their struggle for the better world.
Join the Third Internationale
With our cities and industry rebuilt and the workers safe from Capitalist predation, we can once more turn our gaze towards the international revolutionary struggle. The hammer of Marx and the sickle of Lenin shall rise over the world as we bring the might of the Proletariat down upon the Capitalists.
Permanent Conscription Brigades
Conscription Brigades were adopted by Communist militias while we waited to attack the reactionaries. While some level of success was achieved, the revolutionary plans of the Communists require a larger military force, and so they have chosen to implement conscription brigades permanently, so our forces will have enough manpower to continue helping the World Revolution.
Begin Primitive Socialist Accumulation
With the writings of Yevgeni Preobrazhensky as background for our ideas, it is now time for our nation to jump from a strictly agrarian exporter to a major industrial hub. To do this, the state will appropriate the rural peasantry's surplus product in order to accumulate capital to promote industrialisation by monopolising the export of these products.
Militarisation of Labour
Following Leon Trotsky's theory of militarisation of labour, we shall begin drafting our citizens for auxiliary duties. While not everyone may be happy with this measure, it is their responsibility as a liberated working class from the yoke of the bourgeoisie to aid their fellow workers, and the state that protects them, to face off against the foes that may threaten it.
Submit Unions to State Machinery
While worker unions are important, proven by the fact that a group of revolutionary unions were able to overthrow the Argentinian regime, there's no denying that a time of crisis, sacrifices have to be made. Our nation needs to increase its production levels if it wishes to keep the foreign reactionaries away, and as such, the nation's unions should put their petty squabbles to rest and submit to the party.
Five Year Plan
With the first stepping stone towards industrialisation having been started, we still have a long way to go. In order to accelerate this process, we shall enforce a Five-year plan, with a series of goals to meet and investments to make.
Aid the World Revolution
As our commune slowly but surely stands up again with its own two feet, our comrades in Europe are now struggling for all the workers in the world, and as committed internationalists, it is our duty to aid them in their struggle so we may free all the workers of the world from the oppression of Capital.
Expand the Bureaucracy to the North
With a relatively successful economic bureaucracy established in the South during the revolution, now that we own the north, it is high time we began importing aspects of it to the newly liberated areas of the Argentine Commune.
Expropriate the Haute Bourgeoisie
While nationalisations of farmsteads and companies had already been part and parcel of living in Revolutionary Patagonia, the situation up in the north is far different. Vast swaths of land as well as many industries are owned not even by Argentine entrepreneurs but by magnates in Germany. This cannot be allowed to stand, and so the Congress will authorise the immediate nationalisation of these assets.
Formalise Laws
Many of the rules and guidelines we would follow in Patagonia weren't attached to any legal framework. However, we can take much of what we established and use it to help integrate many parts of Argentina.
National Land Reform
In an effort to deal with the rampant inequality in Argentina, we will undergo a national Land Reform scheme, which aims to reduce the property size of the large land owners, and to expand on the size of the small ones. This way, we can help even out the market and help the working class grow as there's more than enough land in Argentina to share.
Integrate Old Bureaucracy
While some would argue that integrating parts of the old Republican system in Argentina would be a mistake, the truth is that Argentina had taken a slight pro-Worker turn during the last three decades, only coming to a grinding halt with the Uriburu coup. As such, there are plenty of agencies we can simply just annex to our current administration.
Create the CSE
One of the major threats our nation now faces is that of foreign subversion. With many nations looking at us with evil intentions, we must stand fast and repel their efforts of deceit and treachery. For that, we will need to create an agency that will take care of such matters, and so we shall create the Comité para la Seguridad del Estado.
Education Reform
The last education reform in Argentina was undergone ages ago, and with reactionary lies still littering the books of today's youth, we will need to heavily revise the current curriculum. This could, if done properly, also ensure future generations don't see our regime with hostility, as many of their parents currently do...
Further the Social Revolution
Argentines have long had a fascination with old European aristocracy. This is what catalysed much of Buenos Aires to be remade in the image of Paris. However, this way of thinking paid no mind to workers, and as such, we should cultivate a new image for these structures, one of contemporary France and Britain. We are sure to slowly but steadily ingrain worker solidarity into Argentine culture!
Railway Expansion
While Argentina already has a railway network, to continue the industrial growth our industry railways should be expanded and modernised. This will also help with supplying our troops during the war.
Urban Development
The previous regime had taken steps to develop the industry of regions like Buenos Aires and Cordoba, but they were not enough. Too much of the development was left to the whims of the free market and capitalist exploitation, with the former regime now ousted we can begin a proper and revolutionary industrialisation befitting of the people.
Moderate Anarchist Development Scheme
The old capitalistic system of industrialisation was haphazard and only benefited the Bourgeois class' interests. Instead, we should hand the power and means of production to the workers themselves through a system of local councils who will democratically decide how to better develop their local economies.
Radical Anarchist Development Scheme
The capitalistic system of industrialisation was criminal in both its neglect of the worker, and its inability to satiate the demands of the people, but we shall change that. Not only will we develop an industry to serve Argentina, but also the workers of the world by promoting the most devoted to the world revolution to lead the workers councils that will freely and democratically guide Argentina towards its destiny.
Socialist Development Scheme
The capitalist system of economics is inherently predatory, but we can tame its excesses through the democratisation of the workplace through unionisation and workers cooperatives. A more mutualistic system will allow entrepreneurs to still innovate and develop, while giving the workers the ability to create an economy that serves the workers, rather than the greedy capitalists.
Communist Development Scheme
Learning from the experiences of Vladimir Lenin, we shall implement a policy of Central Planning. We cannot allow the haphazard development of any part of our economy and instead shall utilise a series of 5 year plans to achieve rapid growth and development.
Resource Exploitation Scheme
With the Argentinian industry slowly getting back and running, we are quickly running into raw material shortages as we surpass the pre-revolution standards. While importing will do for now, Argentina is a vast nation with untapped resources in many regions, and as such, a committee has been created by the Congress in order to organise the extraction of said resources.
§gAllows us to invite other South American syndicalist nations to our faction. The chances of them agreeing to join depend on their opinion on us.§!
§6Unlock decisions to:\n - £GFX_radical_socialist_texticon  Invite other South American socialist nations to our faction;\n - £GFX_in_combat  Attack reactionary regimes in South America;\n - £GFX_supply_texticon  Create organisation for economic cooperation;\n - £GFX_civ_factory  Make investments into our allies' industry;\n - £GFX_research_icon  Coordinate research efforts.§!
South American Socialist States
$FOP_united_south_american_states_desc$
Invite [From.GetNameDef] to the [Root.GetFactionName]
South American Socialist Research Cooperation
Invite [FROM.GetName] to South American Socialist Research Cooperation
Invest Into [FROM.GetAdjective] Economy
Industrial Support from South American Socialist States
Create the §YOrganisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
With our alliance expanding, we should expand the cooperation between members in economic sphere. Our economists Diego Abad de Santillan and Antonio de Tomaso have proposed a creation of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation - an organisation to provide a platform to compare policy experiences, seek answers to common problems, identify good practices and coordinate domestic and international policies of its members. It is a tempting idea that can bond the members of the alliance together but it will require a lot of investments before paying off.
Has created the §YOrganisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
§7Invites [THIS.GetName] to the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!
Member of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation
Adds Modifier: §YMember of the Organisation for South American Economic Co-operation§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!).\n\nFor each additional nation that joins the organisation this modifier will increase by ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!)
§gTo form Andesia, communist Patagonia should own territory of all South American countries except Brazil and Guyana. It is not necessary to set up military occupation on conquered territories; instead, puppet regimes can be installed in subjugated South American countries and later those puppets can be annexed via decisions.§!
Decided to form §oAndesia§!
Has not created §YAndesia§!
§OIf we join the Internationale, other members of the faction will be against us achieving the dream of Andesia until the Second Weltkrieg is over§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to form §oAndesia§!
All countries in §YAmerica§!:\n   Has socialist government
§O[FROM.GetName] has a socialist regime - although we can label them as 'reactionaries' and 'traitors of the Revolution' and attack them anyway, it will come at a price.§!
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YSouth America§! that don't have a socialist government
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YCentral America§! that don't have a socialist government
Enable decisions to liberate countries in §YNorth America§! that don't have a socialist government
The internal resistance against §oAndesia§! has been eliminated
§YEconomical Chaos§! has been dealt with
American Scientific Treaty
Declare Andesia
The dream of [ROOT.GetLeader] has come true - all of Hispanic South America is now unified under the flag of Andesia. The question of whether this new socialist utopia will last or disintegrate after the dust settles is still up in the air.
First Andesian Congress
It's time: members of socialist movements from all across Andesia are gathering in Buenos Aires to decide the future of the continent. The congress, which will define Andesia's governmental structure and lay the groundwork for the state, will be headed over by Chairman [ROOT.GetLeader].
[FOP_AND_establish_local_governments_scripted]
Federalise Andesia
Empower the Central Government
[FOP_AND_establish_local_governments_desc_scripted]
Although the original concept theorised by Justo was to make Andesia a unitary state, members of socialist movements persuaded him to instead offer autonomy to Andesia's regions and turn it into a federation. This way, the new Pan-Hispanic state will be more stable since local governments will have more authority, but Argentina and Justo will have less power over Andesia.
Chairman Justo is determined to make Andesia a unitary country with no regional autonomy, instead subjugating the entire state to the government in Buenos Aires. Justo will have more control over the new Pan-Hispanic state in this manner, but there will undoubtedly be more resistance.
Spread Marxist Ideas
Let the ruling classes tremble at a Communistic revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win.\nWorking Men of All Countries, Unite!
Suppress Reactionaries
Unfortunately, not all Andesian people have accepted our ideals or at least ceased opposing them. Counterrevolutionaries continue to terrorise and cause mayhem. A strong [ROOT.GetAgency] should be able to track out and apprehend state opponents.
Embrace Andesia
Political turmoil is beginning to dissipate as governmental structures are established, ideology is propagated, and counterrevolutionaries are suppressed. Years will be needed to overcome the remaining resistance, but at least many of the issues have been resolved.
National Unification
Slowly but surely people of Andesia are embracing the idea of Pan-Hispanic harmony. The South American nations' union is strengthened by their shared foes, as well as by their shared history and culture.
Create Central Planning Committee
The Andesian economy is in disarray because, prior to their unification, South American countries had different economic systems. The government's top priority is to combine these systems to create a self-sufficient and efficient economy. The Central Planning Committee will be in charge of completing those objectives.
Economical Integration Programme
Andesia has radically varying climates, resources, and levels of industrialisation. Economical Integration Programme should help to reduce economic turmoil and increase economic efficiency - we have excellent manufacturing capabilities and a large market. It's time to connect them together.
Socialist Agricultural Reforms
One of our government's primary concerns is achieving self-sufficiency in food production. While broad collectivisation is not a possibility due to the high risk of revolts, we may modernise agriculture on new areas through mechanisation and the use of fertilisers. It may not entirely fulfil our political objectives, but it will keep our populace fed and prevent peasant revolts.
Andesian Industrialisation
With the food issue handled, the next phase in our economic plan is industrialisation. While we lack the means for widespread industrialisation, a more gradual method might be chosen to incrementally establish new factories in Andesian cities.
Defence Against Imperialism
The foundation of [ROOT.GetName] caught reactionaries off guard, but they are not sitting idle - foes are gathering along our borders, dreaming of our demise. It is time for socialists in America to get together and fight reactionaries!
Liberate Central America
We must liberate Central American nations and push reactionaries away from our northern borders!
Liberate South America
It is time to attack the remaining reactionaries in South America; we cannot afford for them to exist so near to the borders of Andesia.
Strike the Empires
To ensure Andesia's free future, all reactionaries in the Western Hemisphere must be eradicated. The war will be difficult, but if we win, the age of peace and prosperity may finally begin.
Liberated America
The entire American continent has been liberated, and the period of wealth for [ROOT.GetName] has begun. We will forge our bright future alongside comrades from other American countries.
Resistance to Andesia
Despite liberating most of Hispanic America from their Bourgeois capitalist and neo-colonial corrupt governments, we have faced steep resistance from the local population. From the mountains of Chile to the jungles of Ecuador and all the way up to the oil fields of Venezuela the people of our new glorious state still deny their shared common 'Andesian' ancestry and identity and so have taken up armed resistance in hopes of fracturing our socialist utopia.
Lingering Resistance to Andesia
The government's economic and political measures to unite Andesia have weakened the resistance.
Political Instability in Andesia
Although the majority of the opposition has been subdued, there remains a period of political instability caused by the formation of Andesia. Enough time should pass before the government can operate properly.
Economical Chaos
Merging the Economies Together
Andesian Red Army
Federalised Andesia
Unitary Andesia
Integrated Andesian State
The Andesia Project
'Andesia' - a dream of [ROOT.GetLeader] - is envisioned as a state that will unite Hispanic South America from mountains of Chile to oil fields of Venezuela under communist banner, with himself as a leader guiding the united South America to its better future...
Declare Andesia!
Following the independence of the United States of America in 1776 and Haiti in 1804, the struggle for independence by the Hispanic American countries sparked a sense of unification, especially in South America where were cooperative efforts under Simón Bolívar in the north and José de San Martín in the south.\nThe decay of South American Pan-Americanism came with nationalism rising in the region. The Central American Federation disintegrated in 1838, Venezuela and Ecuador withdrew from Gran Colombia in 1830, Argentina and Brazil fought continuously over Uruguay, all three countries defeated Paraguay in the Paraguayan War (1865-1870), and Chile defeated Peru and Bolivia in the War of the Pacific.\n20th century, however, brings unification ideas back to life. With imperialist powers attempting to subjugate the South American nations via economic dominance, political influence and military force, [ROOT.GetLeader] feels that the only way for Hispanic America to defend itself against imperialism is by forging a united South-American front.\nA new entity, 'Andesia', is envisioned by [ROOT.GetLeader] as a state that will unite Hispanic South America from mountains of Chile to oil fields of Venezuela under communist banner, with himself as a leader guiding the united South America to its better future...
The Revolutionary Army
Our army has gone from their humble beginnings as a struggling militia to the heroic vanguard that liberated Buenos Aires. Their respite will be short, however, as the reactionaries surrounding us want nothing more than to take our hard-fought freedom away from us. We must prepare for the conflicts that lie ahead by properly organising this fighting force.
Focus on Decentralisation
Instead of relying on a rigid top-down command structure, ours is an army of the people that can act on their own initiative. By giving them the freedom they need to strike while the iron is hot instead of dealing with military bureaucracy we'll further bolster the potential of our militias.
Keep the Militias
The red militias and guerrillas won the last war and they'll win the next one as well. Instead of adopting the failed doctrines of our vanquished oppressors, we'll use the resources of our new state to strengthen the force that won us our freedom in the first place.
Command Structure Reorganisation
After removing the restrictive nature of a conventional military hierarchy, ours is an army of the people that fights for the people. It's an army of revolutionary workers that fight for a just cause rather than lofty ambitions and an army of peasants that know how to be self-sufficient without relying on barked orders.
A Rifle for Every Man
The eagerness that our people have shown to join the ranks of our militia means that our enlistment offices often have more volunteers than we have guns in our armouries. To rectify this problem, we must fine-tune our production of rifles so that we can arm every single aspiring revolutionary in Argentina!
A Red Army
The militias may have won the day thanks to our resolve and cunning. Going forward, however, we ought to convert this underdog guerrilla force into a professional standing army able to take the fight to the enemy.
Socialist Military Industry
Our revolutionary army began as we made our own weapons in our homes and workshops to guard against the oppressors. With the full resources of the state behind it, we're now able to build a fully-fledged military industry to support the expansion of our revolutionary army.
An Army of Professionals
Continuing with our reforms, we'll gradually turn our hardened militias into a disciplined army, combining the best qualities of the old and new system. When we're finished, our army will be one made out of professional, well-drilled soldiers led by the finest officers that emerged from the revolutionary war.
No Quarter for Counter-Revolutionaries
Our army's unique background as an guerrilla army means that most of our officers have a great deal of experience as insurgents. Since they know every trick in the book, that means that they also know how to break any kind of counter-revolutionary insurgency should they form in lands that we've liberated.
Establish a New Hierarchy
A decentralised force can win battles on a tactical level, but on a strategic level it's often no better than an angry mob. As we have no shortage of experienced leaders, we should be able to create a new command structure with officers hand-picked out from the most experienced units to lead our new army.
Militarisation of Electronics
While it's been a historically underdeveloped sector of Argentine industry, our military has made it clear that it wishes to modernise the electronics that we produce so that they may be used to enhance the efficiency of our armed forces and our R&D departments. Perhaps we should allocate some funds towards these endeavours?
Colegio Militar de la Revolución
Because of its foundation as an insurrectionist army, our forces have primarily evolved through trials by fire. With the Buenos Aires military college under our control, however, it's time that we started to use its facilities to train the next generation of our revolutionary vanguard.
Copy Foreign Models
Our war for liberation led to countless thousands of guns and other pieces of equipment flooding into our country from the European powers. Studying these weapons and using that as a blueprint for future arms production would allow us to more rapidly catch up with the foreign arms industries.
No Forts Left Standing
Since the inception of our army we've had a difficult time overcoming enemy field fortifications. By modernising both our field artillery pieces and the equipment used by our engineers our army will be far more potent on the offensive.
Expand the Vanguard
The many types of extreme battlefield conditions that we face necessitates that we allow for an expansion of our special forces branch. They will continue to serve as the vanguard for our revolutionary struggle and their skills will continue to save the lives of our regular infantrymen.
Protecting the Andes
Because of the vast amounts of mountains that surround us, deploying specialist forces trained to overcome these harsh geographic conditions and armed with modern equipment would give us an edge in future conflicts in such terrain.
CITERA
The ever increasing needs of our army to improve its equipment has necessitated the establishment of a research institute devoted solely for the technological advancements of the armed revolutionary struggle.
Crossing the Rivers
From the many wide rivers in Argentina all the way up to the Amazon rain forests, there are many inhospitable and dangerous potential battlefields for our army to surmount. Rather than frivolously wasting the lives of our soldiers, we'll leave these jobs to our army's most elite forces.
Rapid Coast Guard Expansion
We must restore our coast guard with all haste. Traditionally it's acted to help us protect our fishing industry, but going forward the threat of war means that we need to make sure our long coastline is protected from hostile ships and submarines.
The Second Dreadnought Race
The Argentine navy used to be the mightiest in South America. If we are to reclaim the Atlantic from the capitalists we must reclaim this role and build a mighty fleet of capital ships once again. Our shipyards will have to toil day and night if we are to win the second South American dreadnought race!
An Army Extension
The primary function of the air force should be to support our army as it carries the torch of the revolution forward. As such, we'll focus on close support planes that will devastate the opposition on land.
An Independent Air Force
Rather than being there to supplement an existing branch, we'll let our air force focus on its natural strengths. As such, the air force will be its independent branch of our military, focusing on aerial supremacy and the destruction of our enemy's strategic targets.
Armada de los Pueblos
After reclaiming all Argentine lands we must now reclaim the seas as well. By formally founding the People's Navy and establishing its basic institutions we'll take our first bold step towards doing so.
Escuela Naval Militar
Towards the end of the war the institutional knowledge of the old regime vanished along with it. If we want our navy to be able to challenge the reactionaries in the Atlantic ocean in the future we must restore the old naval college under a loyal administration so that we can teach the next generation of naval officers.
Argentinian Navy Schematics
At the end of the war, the old regime fleet capitulated to us as we marched towards victory. We were able to capture naval schematics of Argentinian navy so we can rebuild and expand the revolutionary fleet.
Revive ASTARSA
Argentina's history as a naval power came to an abrupt end when the old regime scuttled its fleet at the end of the revolutionary war. Bringing back their old shipbuilding facilities and using them to serve the revolution should be our top priority if we are to contest the Atlantic once more.
British Naval Assistance
The Union of Britain boasts the greatest revolutionary navy in the world and the richest naval traditions in the Internationale. Thanks to the ties developed with our revolutionary comrades, they're ready to send a handful of engineers our way to oversee our naval modernisation programme.
Cut the Arteries of Capitalism
Our navy won't be able to match those of the capitalists fast enough to make a difference in the conflicts in our near future. Fighting with limited means and striking our enemies from the shadows suits us just fine, however. We did it in the forests and mountains, and we'll do it at sea as well!
Fuerza Aérea de la Comuna Argentina
As of now, our air force programme is in its initial phases. Our first goal should be to formally found the air force of [FOP.GetNameDef] and set up the institutions necessary for us to start painting the skies red!
British Pilot Instructors
One of the important aspects of building competent airforce is pilots training. We don't have experienced aviators but our British comrades do.
Secure the Skies
We have a lot of catching up to do before we can liberate the skies from the capitalists. By diverting extra funds to the development of more advanced fighter models the days of hiding in forests whenever an enemy plane appears will soon be over.
Develop New Bombers
In the past, our enemies grew accustomed to bomb us with impunity. We were weaker back then, and now that we've grown stronger it's time that we returned the favour by developing our own bomber craft to support our war effort.
Expand the Air Force Academy
Our army has held a role of primacy as far as our military education goes. As such, we've been able to produce a far smaller amount of quality air officers than most of our peers. If we don't want to be outdone by the imperialists, we must devote more resources to improve their training.
Sink their Ships
As a good portion of the Argentine navy was sunk or scuttled during our revolution, our enemies have both a numerical and technological advantage over our navy. Our air marshals believe that this shortcoming can be rectified by using torpedo bombers to interdict the enemy's fleets.
Radar Research
Needless to say, by only detecting the enemy's planes when they're above us means that we've caught them too late. By researching and developing radar technology we'll be able to receive early warnings of any incoming enemy forces well ahead of time.
Strategic Bomber Development
Heavy bombers will lay waste to the imperialists. They will have no forts to protect them, no factories to produce their weapons of oppression, no railroads to ferry their troops across. By paralysing their war effort we'll make victory all but certain.
The Revived Monarchy
While simply unthinkable up to a few months ago, the Patagonian royal family, has returned to the Patagonian region as the new rulers of the area, its power restored like a southern phoenix. While the Argentines may weep at the sight of such an insult, it is only a correction of a historical error, a cause our monarch spent years defending, and the people of Patagonia finally have a nation to call their own, away from the tyrannical yoke of Buenos Aires.
Securing Legitimacy
King Bernard understands that, while his position has been secured in the aftermath of the war, he still requires the compliance of the local population to carry out a successful rule, and is now on the lookout for allies to the new regime. Thankfully, not only the local natives have long resented the rule imposed on them for decades, but our influence abroad can secure funds and the clout necessary to gather these groups under our umbrella.
The Sociedad Caupolicán
The Sociedad Caupolicán Defensora de la Araucanía has been one of the largest Mapuche organisations in recent times, and with the restoration of the Patagonian monarch recognised by the Mapuche peoples, it should be no surprise that King Bernard is contacting them to cement his rule. While there are ceremonial and administrative issues to deal with, they can with certainty become of the cornerstones of the political life of our new kingdom.
The Federación Araucana
The Federación Araucana, one of the newer political forces among the Mapuche community, has quickly grown into relevance with the restoration of the Kingdom. As such, it could be beneficial for both of us to close ties and cooperate for the sake of restoring stability to Patagonia, while also asserting ourselves as not just another occupying force, but as a government of law, justice and order unlike those the folk of these lands had to endure for so long.
Restore the Teaching of Mapuche Language
Despite the resistance of the Mapuche people, Spanish was introduced as the hegemonic language in the region when they were soundly defeated during the Desert War. However, with the recreation of the monarchy, such neglect cannot be allowed, and the teaching of both languages will ensure that the oblivion Buenos Aires desired for the Mapuche language never comes to pass, while keeping existing Spanish education ensures good relations with nearby nations.
Status of the Foreigners
Without the obligation to import colonists that Argentina has, questions have been brought up about the status of immigration in our fledgling state. Our lands are certainly not very populated, but there is a real concern among nativist groups that an excess of people may arrive from Europe, fleeing the terrors of war and Syndicalism. Whether fully allowing settlers to come or restricting them in some fashion, however, is up for the King and his advisory council to decide.
The Religious Issue
While most of the lands of South America are unanimously, or almost entirely so, Catholic, the generations of immigrants from Europe and the native populations all profess different faiths than that of the Spanish, or even our Monarch itself. While a state absolutely cannot lack an official faith to guide it, we should be careful as to not alienate those who live in these lands and call it home, for the realm can ill afford unrest in these troubling times.
A Legacy of Survival
It is said that the harshest of lands create the hardiest of peoples. While Patagonia never had the wealth of the Incas, our people for centuries fought them back, and the Spaniards afterwards, were kept at bay from out lands thanks to our bravery and hardiness. Not with superior numbers, but by learning and adapting to the changing conditions of warfare. Not only by bravery a people endures, for that we did not lack in the previous century, but with force of arms as well.
Economic Development
These lands have faced much war and hardship over the last decades, and the situation was further aggravated by years of rule under red brigands and looters. We have a unique chance of not only rekindling the spirit of the nation, but to restore its wealth and standard of living, and go even further beyond into prosperity. However, every journey starts with small steps, and the King and his advisors must deliberate on which paths to take on this road.
Safeguarding Silversmithing
As with most cultural habits of the native peoples of the southern edges of the land, the renowned silversmiths of the Mapuche have been impoverished and oppressed since the conquest of this land. Few remain that know the art, but most of them are old masters, that, if found, can be of immense help to further our efforts to protect the culture and way of life of the peoples of our realm.
Agrarian Reforms
After the syndicalist brigands overran most of Patagonia, those who owned land and herds found themselves in dire states. Much of their possessions were 'collectivised', that is, stolen and ran into the ground by socialists who don't know the first thing about the lay of the land. By making sure the lands go back to their rightful owners, not only can we right a moral wrong, but we can use their expertise to immensely improve the wealth of the realm.
Industrialisation
Never has manufacture taken a hold in these lands, much less large scale factories, as development was impossible under the constant oppression and mismanagement from Buenos Aires. A centralised plan is needed to improve our economic situation and safeguard the future of our state, but even such grand plans often have humble beginnings, and we should start by making basic factories of the most essential goods first and foremost.
The Old Ways
Ours is a harsh land, where agriculture is difficult, and fertile land rare, and as such much of our wealth comes from the herds of sheep and the fishing in the coasts of the south. Once booming industries whose wealth attracted immigrants the world over, years of syndicalist mismanagement and violence have kept the land from being developed to its full potential, and still owned by very few.
A Brave New World
The relatively barren lands of Patagonia have little to offer for large scale cash crops, but in the modern world, wealth comes not from such methods, nor hunting or fishing, but from the great fires and rising buildings of industry. Our monarch's contacts abroad, coupled with the low labour costs and tax burdens, should be enough to kickstart industrial plants in the major cities of the Kingdom, and bring Patagonia to the 20th century.
A New Army
While our people has a brave warrior tradition, an honourable legacy from times of gallantry, times have changed. Now, modern machines of war can dwarf any effort an unequipped man can pour in the battlefield, as there is little bravery can do to pierce the plating of enemy armour. We need to prepare our soldiers, brave and few as they are, as to ensure that our efficiency in battle is maximised, and our new kingdom is not brought to ruin so soon after its re-establishment.
Our Army Traditions
The greatest defence of the kingdom is its people and its land. Inhospitable to most outsiders, the chilling polar winds, the high mountains, and the vast steppes are the first and most important line of defence of the tribes. Our people have defeated the great Spanish and Inca empires in war by outsmarting the juggernauts and ferociously countering their so-called plans of conquest with daring raids and sabotage operations, in preparation for decisive battles.
Restore the Kollellaullin Training
For centuries a closed guarded secret, the ways of close quarters combat of the Mapuche peoples can be now taught to anyone under the King's service. While the process is arduous, we will ensure that the men enlisted will be more effective in close quarters, and the training will help instil the needed discipline in the limited number of men at our disposal.
Request French Military Mission
Much like Patagonia, France found itself occupied by syndicalist brigands who sought to destroy the nation, its culture, and its faith. Many of the righteously outraged officers moved elsewhere, becoming exiles in either Algiers or across the courts of Europe and the palaces of the Americas. By formally establishing posts to recruit officers and attract technical and planning personnel, we can ensure the realm's military is capable of defending the nation from the dangers abroad.
A New Cavalry
The great plains and steppes of Patagonia are suitable for the training and raising of horses, but also for their continuous use in battle. In these places where no road was ever imagined crossing, the great machines find themselves at a disadvantage, but luckily for the King and his allies, our horsemen not only will know the lay of the land, but receive training to perform in even the harshest climatic conditions, so the riders of the south can once again prove their worth in combat.
The Status of Mapuche Culture
Decades of persecution damage a culture in many ways. Some are visible, like the abandoned villages and stolen artefacts, but others, more subtle, such as the loss of oral tradition, knowledge, and language - all of which were almost ruined by the Castilian occupation and their active persecution of native cultures. Now, with the crown's authority protecting the people, the culture of the Mapuche can properly be recorded for future generations to come.
Summon a Native Congress
In order to establish a proper ruling body for the Kingdom as a whole, we need not only Mapuche representatives, but ones from all tribes under the protection of the crown, great and small. With the envoys of all the tribes, peoples and organisations gathered, we will form a Royal Council which will help His Majesty while he adjusts himself to his new country, by taking on several administrative tasks and roles for him.
A Trading Tradition
As the communities in the area now ruled by our Kingdom were traditionally small, trade was needed to maintain the flow of goods between the small realms of tribes that encompassed it. While times have certainly changed, our strategic position at the very edge of the world is once again an advantage, as the constant turmoil across the North Atlantic increases shipping traffic in the far south, putting our realm and its ports in a uniquely advantageous position.
Demand Repatriation of Mapuche Artefacts
The poverty imposed by the cruel measures of the occupying colonisers drove many chiefs and holy men and women to sell their most prized possessions to be able to simply eat. Silverware, weapons, art; all taken away to be shown as some curiosity to arrogant men in Buenos Aires. Thankfully, His Majesty knows that requesting these artefacts back is a trivial matter, considering the current situation and proper subjugation of the former oppressors.
Port Expansion for Natives
While for a long time the ports of Patagonia were designed by immigrants, for immigrants, now the time has arrived to make sure the riches of the sea belong to Patagonia's people. While much was damaged, even more destroyed, in the wars that ravaged the land, we will rebuild and persevere, as the folk living in the former land of giants become giants in their own right, riding above the tempestuous waves of the southern Atlantic.
Royal Personality Cult
The figure of our king is not one widely known to the populace, not only due to his limited grasp of the language, but because much of his work to restore the kingdom was done behind the scenes. Thus, his lifelong struggle for Patagonia often passed as a quest for personal ambition rather than duty and selflessness. As we establish more and more schools throughout the country, we cannot neglect the need to remind the people of the great life and cause of Antoine, King of Patagonia.
Basic Military Production
While we have many allies abroad that can supply us with weapons in times of need, the fact is that the nation remains at permanent risk, until we have at least a minimum degree of self sufficiency in our weapons manufacturing. While truthfully, the numbers won't be high, the numbers of our small and elite military are also not, and as such, we predict that even small plants can supply our forces locally to perform at an optimal level.
Proclaim the King as Permanent Toqui
While traditionally, the role of Toqui was one of the military commander in chief, elected by the tribes in times of war, the Crown is now the main guardian and defender of the peoples of the region, and as such, is the de facto toqui, perhaps the greatest of them in history. By solidifying the powers and roles of the monarch with primarily native than foreign titles, we can ensure that even our government itself is safeguarding the lifestyle and culture of the native peoples.
Legacy of Toki Leftraru
Every nation has a hero, a founding figure of chivalry, honour, and ideals that stands the test of time. The greatest of all Toquis, the man known to the Europeans as Lautaro, fought the greatest empire in human history and won, leading the Mapuche people to victory in key engagements. His work uniting the tribes, and laying the foundations which our monarchs would later build upon, cannot, and should never be, forgotten by those who now reap the fruits of his labour.
Status of Kindred Native Tribes
While considered the main native group of Patagonia, the Mapuche are not the only natives of Patagonia. The Chewel Che, who lived here even before the Mapuche, are a broad group of locals who inhabit western Patagonia, and who have suffered even more than the Mapuche during the occupation. However, their very name is an exonym, a Mapuche word for 'hardy people', and they will endure, but now, they have their native kin to help defend and guard their rightful lands.
Diplomatic Connections
Our King, while in his lifelong exile, spent much of his time making friends in high and low places across the courts and palaces on both sides of the Atlantic. Even more important, news of our people's plight, which only grew under the rule of the bandits of the Worker's Front, has garnered great amounts of good will among foreigners, and such, our struggle to rebuild the nation will find many ready allies across the world.
§RAll national spirits and offmap factories that are added by focuses in this tree are removed upon winning the conflict against Argentina.§!
§gForeign volunteers are returning home:§!
§gApply the following effect if they agree to send more support:§!
§gApply one of the following effects depending on our army idea:§!
§OVictory against reactionaries has been achieved and the county is united once again, but much work must be done before Argentinian nation is unified, economy - rebuilt and all enemies of the state - eradicated.§!
§OWhat could possibly go wrong?§!
§HAfter taking this focus, the Socialist Party will hold internal elections in 60 days!§!
§CWe shall now determine the direction of our nascent state and the status of the revolution.§!
§gWe will hold municipal elections soon.§!
§gWe will hold provincial elections soon.§!
§CWe will restore the suspended Constitution and declare ourselves the Republic of Argentina.§!
§RThe revolution shall continue and the old order shall be relegated to the footnotes of Argentinian history.§!
§CThe old bureaucracy can be repurposed to help integrate Argentina. What was once an unjust system to oppress the farmers and workers of Argentina can now be used to empower them!§!
§g$unlocks_decisions$ to build new §Yfactories§! as a baseline for future industrialisation§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §rModerate Anarchist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §rRadical Anarchist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §RSocialist plan§!
This will allow us to take £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to build new §Gfactories§! as part of the §oCommunist plan§!
§OThe Second Weltkrieg is over§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to infiltrate Argentinean states.\n§OInfiltration should be performed before the war starts.\nWe may find less success with infiltration if Argentina strengthens its counter-espionage.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to prepare sabotage of Argentinean railways in infiltrated states.
§7Upon the start of the conflict with Argentina we will be able to sabotage railways in this region.§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to prepare resistance cells in infiltrated states.
§7Upon the start of the conflict with Argentina we will be able to start terror campaign in this region, blowing up factories and distracting troops in the area.§!
Modify §H$FOP_hogar_obrero_expansion$§! or §H$FOP_introduction_of_worker_selfmanagement_idea$§! by\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: [?0.1|=%0+]
We have nothing to spare for [FOP.GetNameDef].
£manpower_texticon §H10000§! £war_support_texticon §H5%§!
£manpower_texticon §R10000§! £war_support_texticon §R5%§!
It costs $FOP_anti_syndie_rebellion_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
Any [ARG.GetAdjective] state was §Hsuccessfully sabotaged§!.
Any [ARG.GetAdjective] state has §Hactive resistance cells§!.
Steel Refining has continued
Oil extraction has continued
Agreed to cooperate with §YUnion Civica§!
Ongoing Infiltration Mission
Ongoing Sabotage Mission
Ongoing Resistance Mission
Coast Guard Expansion
Undersea Expansion
Dreadnought Expansion
Navy Expansion
Fallout of the Morality Bill
The New Status Quo
Patagonian Population Survey
With the Patagonian Population Survey results now in, we were able to find several spots in Patagonia that had been unaccounted for. Mostly just rural villages in the farthest corners of the frontier, but they will nonetheless supply some useful manpower for our armies.
Conscription Brigades
Mass Recruited Force
Mass Conscription Drawbacks
Women at Arms
Mass Recruitment Scheme
Improvised Weaponry
International Force
Unconventional Supply Networks
Mandatory Militia Training
Organise the Troops
Patagonian Defence Force
Administrative Chaos
Resistance to Socialism
Resource Exploitation
Decentralised Military
Economic Fallout of the Revolution
Revitalised Industry
Widespread Toleration
Footsoldiers of the Revolution
The CSE
Restored Constitution
Revolutionary Democracy Maintained
Argentinian Food Shipments
Argentinian Limited Material Aid
Argentinian Material Aid
Argentinian Extensive Material Aid
Argentinian Material Aid for The Internationale
Industrial Factory Donations: §G2% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
Industrial Factory Donations: §G5% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
Industrial Factory Donations: §G10% of §YArgentinian§! Factories§!
§7Assist both §Y[ENG.GetNameWithFlag]§! and §Y[FRA.GetNameWithFlag]§! in their struggle against reactionaries with food supplies and material assistance. We are able to select, how much can we spare, starting from:§!
§7And scaling up to:§!
§7We will receive §Y$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$§!: §G+5%§! - §G+20%§! depending on selected option.§!
New Socialist Hierarchy
Revolutionary Breadbasket
Militarised Labour
Economic Democracy
Hogar Obrero Expanded
Revolutionary Laws
War Anarchism
Female Equality
A New Society
Foreign-Owned Factories
Expropriating the Foreign-Owned Factories
Primitive Collectivisation
Nationalised Foreign Railways
Infrastructure Expansion
Native Support
Mapuche Code Talkers
Improved Agriculture
Foreign Contacts
European Model Force
A Mapuche Force
Native Figurehead
Native Idol
A United Kingdom
Patagonian Resistance
Illegitimate Republic
The First Five Year Plan
Producing Guns for Patagonia
Due to our lack of stockpile to provide for our revolutionary friends in Patagonia, we've redirected part of our production to them for the moment.
§gUnlocks the ability to cooperate with §lUnion Civica Radical§! and §cUnion Civica Radical Antipersonalista§! to restore democracy in Argentina§!
Resistance Cells
Rebellion!
Despite the belief that a revolution in the arid wastes of Patagonia would be impossible, the Frente Obrero Patagonico has managed to endure against all odds. Thanks to an opportune Chilean intervention forcing Argentina to accept the new status quo or face a war unprepared at a time of great economic hardship, the FOP has managed to grow in numbers, drawing people disillusioned with the old regime in Argentina. However, the ties that bind the different factions in the FOP are thinner than they look from afar, and perhaps victory in the civil war will only be the match that will set off the powder keg...
GFX_FOP_intro
The Revolutionary Fires
Argentina was in a state of chaos during the Weltkrieg, with British companies exploiting its people and resources to get everything they could for the war. This lead to unrest throughout the nation, but especially in the south of the country, in Patagonia. Extremely poor working conditions brought the rise of Socialism and Syndicalism, with thousands of people refusing to work and rioting through the streets. The British forced the Argentinian government to intervene, turning riots into rebellion during the events that led to the Semana Tragica. The situation only escalated further and further from there, with the LP growing in strength in the main cities, particularly with the Buenos Aires City Oligarchy.\n\nHowever, deep in the south of Argentina, a new type of unrest grew. What started as a simple strike of rural workers became a general strike in the south, demanding for the payment of wages that had been due for months and the improvement of working conditions. While an agreement was reached at first with the creation of the 'First Rural Agreement of the Patagonia', when the land owners didn't keep their promises, the workers started another general strike, forcing an armed retaliation by an expedition lead by Lieutenant Colonel Hector Benigno Varela. The workers, trusting Varela after he had helped create the first agreement, would try to negotiate with the officer, only to be met with a dreadful realisation: Varela was there to demand nothing more than unconditional surrender of the strikers, and he was willing to shoot all who opposed to keep control of the Patagonia.
The Patagonia Rebelde
The workers, rallied behind the figure of Antonio Soto and Jose 'Facon Grande' Font, decided that the time for revolution was now. Despite the disarmament clause in the original Rural Agreement, most of Soto's anarchists had left their weapons to Alfredo 'El Toscano' Fonte, after he and many other more radical 'anarchists' refused the agreement, and so Soto found himself having to ally with the Patagonian bandit in order to get the equipment to arm the workers to fight.\n\nAfter the initial victories of the Army, the workers dealt a decisive victory at La Anita farm, and with the coordination of the FORA through telegraph lines and message runners, the Second Great Patagonic Strike only grew and grew in strength, with the Argentine army being unable to deal with it without sparking heavy political backlash in the capital for the popular UCR in power.
The Contemporary Frente Obrero Patagonico
Many years later, the fires of the revolution continue to burn in Patagonia. Chile had to step in and protect the FOP from the north, and so holds much sway in how the nation is run. Antonio Soto, leader of FORA and one of the main participants in the revolution, has lead the nation ever since, leading a loose and fragile coalition of Anarchists, Communists and Radical Socialists. Due to political instability, proper elections have not been held yet, however Soto has promised to step down from his position once the crisis with Argentina ends, whatever the result may be.\n\nThere are worries that the election won't take place in time, for due to the rise of Carlés in the north, people fear that an invasion will happen soon. However, with the Patagonic Strike being seen as the beacon of anarchism and socialism by many, international support both by the Internationale and by willing anarchists and exiled Bolsheviks alike is not in short supply, and so the workers that may appear to be stranded in such an apparent desolate wasteland like Patagonia may still stand a chance...
§MSindicatos - Radicales§! / §MSindicatos - Moderados§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot To have the radicals win, have Giovanni achieve the majority in the USA elections; to go moderate, have Soto and Arango achieve victory.\n£white_dot Have more Syndicalist popularity than Radical Socialist or Totalist once the focus \
The Internationale supports Andesia
Grandes Trabajos de Progreso
A new war is on the horizon, and reactionaries in Buenos Aires can launch it at any time, therefore we must be prepared. New roads, supply hubs, expanded food production and railway network have the potential to significantly strengthen our supply chain and allow us to deploy additional troops.
Construct Supply Hub near [ARG.GetAdjective] Border
Expand [CHL.GetAdjective] Railways to Patagonia
Expand Food Production in [FROM.GetName]
Upgrade Roads in [FROM.GetName]
Islas Malvinas Development
Improve Infrastructure on the Islands
Move Argentines To the Islands
Expand the Southern Atlantic Naval Bases
Socialist Immigration
After stabilising our nation, we are now able to take advantage of the rising immigration to our nation. Many socialists and syndicalists in Europe see the necessity of spreading their ideology to the world, and we are the first socialist South American nation that has the chance to spread it across the continent. This gives us the opportunity to further boost our population and to become the South American home for socialism.\n\nProjected Immigration Report for [GetYear] : §G[?FOP.fop_im_factor]%§!
Attract [FROM.GetAdjective] Socialists
Immigration to Argentina
Adds Modifier: §YImmigration to Argentina§!
§LAfter stabilising our nation, we are now able to take advantage of the rising immigration to our nation. People from the Old World, running from wars and instability, are eager to settle in Argentina. Immigration speeds up ongoing industrialisation but increases tensions in the society.\n\nThis modifier will be increased with more immigrants arriving to our country.§!\n\n
Steel Refining Begins
Steel Refining Expands
Oil Extraction Begins
Oil Extraction Expands
Patagonian Resource Exploitation Completed
Integrating Northern Argentina
Expanding the Administration
End the Chaos
Integrate the Northern Administration
Rebuild the Administrative Structures
Appoint Revolutionary Bureaucrats
Handling the Civil Unrest
Propaganda Offensive
Secure the Proletariat
Suppress the Countryside
Re-educate the Military Officers
Reconstructing the North
Begin Reconstruction
Rebuild the Cities
Rebuild the Industrial Centres
Collectivise the Countryside
Strike the Reactionaries!
Strike [FROM.GetNameDef]!
Nationalise British Rails
Nationalise German Rails
Industrial Expansion Plans
Industrialise [FROM.GetName]
[FOP_socialist_civs_for_state_loc] of [FROM.GetName]
Socialist Industrialisation
Anarchist Development
Communist Expansion
Sabotage Decisions
In order to lay the groundwork for our invasion of the North, we have received plans to infiltrate and begin to sow chaos and disorder behind the reactionary lines. Sending in our brave comrades to sabotage infrastructure and stir up the local populace to aid us in our revolution.
Infiltrate [FROM.GetName]
Prepare Railway Sabotage in [FROM.GetName]
Prepare Terrorist Cells in [FROM.GetName]
Conduct Railway Sabotage
Launch Terror Campaign
LP
Liga Patriótica Argentina\n§LA far-right paramilitary group similar to the Romanian Iron Guard, the Liga Patriótica Argentina has become the most influential political organisation within Argentina since the Chistmas Coup.\n\nLiga was found in 1919, when Carlés was appointed as a commander of the paramilitary volunteers that were sent in to end protests of the workers on English-owned plant. 'Liga Patriótica Argentina', as they called themselves, were responsible for the murder of hundreds of striking workers. In 1921 and 1922, during the rebellion in Patagonia, LPA forces caused gruesome acts of violence against strikers both in Patagonia and during a general strike in Buenos Aires.\n\nIn 1930 Liga participated in Uriburu's coup, who, with the support of the army and the LPA, ousted the government and installed a corporatist, ultranationalist military dictatorship. In 1932, the military regime collapsed after Uriburu's death. After a power struggle, UCR member Julio Roca became the new head of state. Roca began to seek a peace settlement with the Patagonians. Carlés took advantage of the popular outrage and launched a coup d'état on the 24th of December 1935 when Liga with the support of navy and parts of the military captured the capital.\n\nThe LPA sees the salvation of Argentina, the return to former greatness and the removal of all hostile elements as their primary goal; they act extremely populist on the outside, claiming to serve the Argentinian people for a greater good.\n\nFounded: §Y1919§!\nIdeology:\n- National populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Nationalism§!\n
Libertadores de Junio
Libertadores de Junio (Grupo de Oficiales Unidos)\n§LIt is a secret club that reflects and comprises 'the heart and soul of the military leadership.' It is also known as the Group of United Officers (GOU). Created during Julio Argentino Pascual Roca presidency in 1933 due to military opposition to possible peace treaty with Patagonian socialists.\n\nAlthough they oppose ex-President Roca's conciliatory stance with the FOP's 'godless socialists,' they are disillusioned of Carlés policies, viewing him as a 'dangerous radical,' and would prefer a firmer hand, one that has the backing of the Argentine people behind it...\n\nThis group has strong nationalist and Catholic ideas.\n\nFounded: §Y1933§!\nIdeology:\n- Militarism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Catholic conservatism§!\n
PJ
Partido Justicialista\n§LAlthough not a party they are an important group, they comprise Juan Domingo Perón's political network who themselves are only a few radical Argentine officers and some trade union leaders. Perón espouses a concept of a party in service of a strong and just leader who would unify the population into bringing about social justice, these ideas however marginal, hold great appeal to a population tired of political squabbling and sterile dictatorships. It remains to be seen whenether Perón's group hold any sway in the new Argentinian political climate.\n\nFounded: §Y1930s§!\nIdeology:\n- Populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Personality Cult\n- Reformism§!\n
UCRA
Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista\n§LThe UCRA was part of a broad movement calling itself 'anti-personalist', which questioned the figure of Hipólito Yrigoyen (president from 1916-1922 / 1928-1930), whom they accused of being 'personalist' and undemocratic. Created in 1924 from a rupture within the UCR, In the 1928 elections, it presented the candidacy of Leopoldo Melo, who lost to Hipólito Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR. Starting in 1932, it joined the coalition called the Concordancia that won the 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca becoming a president.\n\nFounded: §Y1924§!\nIdeology:\n- Conservatism\n- Capitalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDN
Partido Demócrata Nacional\n§LThe PDN (PNA until 1932) was one of Argentina's oldest political parties and closely connected to the Roca family, who provided two Argentinian Presidents in the last 50 years: Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz (1880-1886, 1898-1904) and Julio Argentino Pascual Roca (1932-1935).\n\nIt was created on March 15th, 1874, after the union of the Autonomist Party and the National Party. It was since its inception a highly important party, and the Roca family became very influential within the party, with Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz becoming a president in 1880-1886 and 1898-1904. It later became the bedrock of la edad de oro (1880 - 1916), boasting a booming economy and a flood of immigrants from Europe which strengthened Argentina's industry, becoming one of the most prosperous contries in the world before the Weltkrieg. Meanwhile, its main rival became the Radical Civic Union (UCR). It was criticised for its use of election fraud, which lead to PNA dissolving with its members joining Conservative Party and the Democratic Progressive Party.\n\nFollowing Uriburu's death in early 1932, the PNA was reborn as Partido Demócrata Nacional (PDN) for the upcoming 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca being its leader, and PDN, thanks to electoral fraud, won by a landslide. Roca was inaugurated president, and he promised to find a compromise with their syndicalist neighbours Patagonia and Chile. Although many hoped that Roca would bring back the good old times and strengthen Argentina's position globally, this did not happen.\n\nAlthough he took a less radical course than Uriburu and developed plans to recapture the lost territories at Patagonia, launching small skirmishes into FOP territory and successfully retaking Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego thanks to the navy, he scrapped plans to send the army into Patagonian core territory, deciding to focus more on improving the economy. Roca's takeover disgruntled the military and the LPA, and due to his political liberalisation, rumours started to spread in 1935 that there would be an imminent peace settlement with the Patagonians, causing outrage across the nation. This was enough for Carlés and the LPA to launch a coup on Christmas day, putting Roca and his ministers under temporary house arrest as Carlés proclaimed himself President.\n\nFounded: §Y1932§!\nIdeology:\n- Economic liberalism\n- Conservative liberalism§!\n
UCR
Unión Cívica Radical\n§LFounded on June 26th, 1891, the party quickly became influential over Argentine politics, causing the 1893 Radical Revolution and the 1905 Radical Revolution, which later led to reform in terms of election fraud. Two presidents of Argentina to be part of the Radical Civic Union were §YHipólito Yrigoyen§! and §YMarcelo Torcuato de Alvear§!.\n\nIn 1916 the Argentine General Election took place, being the first where the Roque Sáenz Peña Law was implemented, establishing universal, secret and compulsory male suffrage. Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR, ended up winning the elections.\n\nHis tumultous presidency between 1916 - 1922, with the secession of Patagonia, had Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear replace him as the UCR candidate for the 1922 elections, which he won. Argentina saw slight economic improvement right until the British Revolution occurred, which led to the crash of April 1925. Despite this, Alvear ordered the navy to capture the Falkland Islands and South Georgia. This increased morale and trust in the government, but led to the radicalisation of the military which had been previously humiliated by the Patagonian Rebellion, and now stood in the shadow of the popular navy.\n\nIn 1928, Yrigoyen was surprisingly appointed as the Radical Civic's Union candidate for the general elections instead of the current and relatively popular Marcelo Alvear. Despite this, Yrigoyen won by a large margin, which led many to speculate that it was due to election fraud.\n\nYrigoyen's most important opposition was the military, which started planning a coup against him. This eventually happened on September 6th, 1930, as Uriburu, with support from Carlés and the LPA, took over and proclaimed himself president of Argentina, banning political parties, arresting democratic politicians and suspending the 1853 Constitution. Yrigoyen's supporters, called Yrigoyenists, were tortured alongside other political opponents of his regime. Yrigoyen himself was held under arrest at the Martín García Island.\n\nUriburu eventually died in early 1932, and Argentina went back to democracy under conservative politician Julio Argentino Pascual Roca.\n\nFounded: §Y1891§!\nIdeology:\n- Liberalism\n- Radicalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDP
Partido Demócrata Progresista\n§LAfter its creation in 1914, it gained some popularity and gained over 100,000 votes in the 1916 general elections. It became Argentina's third-most important party after the popular Radical Civic Union and the National Autonomist Party, battling the spot with the Socialist Party. After Uriburu's coup, the Democratic Progressive Party regained some popularity.\n\nFounded: §Y1914§!\nIdeology:\n- Social Democracy\n- Protectionism\n- Federalism§!\n
FORA
Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (IX Congreso)\n§LThe Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA), sometimes simply called Partido Socialista (PS), is a broad moderate socialist party which mostly backs the course of Soto and Lopez Arango. The party is dominated by two influential and charismatic figures: Manuel Baldomero Ugarte, an old guard socialist with nationalist anti-imperialist and Hispanicist roots and Alfredo Palacios, who was the fist elected socialist deputy in the Americas back in 1904. Baldomero's and Palacios' alliance however is quite weak and they are only interested in upholding their pact until the country is finally “liberated”. Other important members of the PS include Alicia Moreau de Justo, leading Argentine anarchist, and Nicolás Repetto, called by some the 'Father of Argentinian Socialism' who however mostly lives off of past glories.\n\nFounded: §Y1901§!\nIdeology:\n- Radical Socialism§!\n
USA
Unión de Sindicatos Argentinos\n§LIn 1936, The Anarcho-Syndicalists are by far the most influential political faction in the Patagonian Worker's Front. The moderates, under the leadership of Antonio Soto, hero of the Patagonian Rebellion, and Emilio López Arango, one of the most important theorists of the anarchist labourmovement in Argentina and a FORA member from Buenos Aires, have ruled the FOP in a stable coalition for over ten years; Soto and Arango are seen as ideological unifiers, however radical circles within the party have begun to criticise the moderates louder than ever in recent times, demanding further decentralisation of the state to finally achieve the long-awaited Anarchist utopia. The radical wing of the USA is dominated by Severino Di Giovanni, a native Italian who only arrived in Patagonia after the horrors of the Italian Civil War, and Miguel Arcángel Roscigna, a known criminal pushing for the very controversial 'expropriative anarchism'.\n\nFounded: §Y1922§!\nIdeology:\n- Syndicalism\n- Anarchism§!\n
CUSC
Comité de Unión Sindical Clasista\n§LThe CUSC is dominated by Bolsheviks, communists and other right-leaning socialists, many of whom hail from Russia. Chairman of the party is Victorio Codovilla, former leader of the old Buenos Aires-based Communist Party of Argentina, but the true power within the CUSC lays in the hands of Rodolfo Ghioldi; Young, charismatic and radical, he is seen as superior to Codovilla by many of his party colleagues. The latter however has good relations to the Bolshevik émigré community in the Commune of France and therefore to the Syndicalist International as a whole, making his position fairly entrenched as of now. The infamous bandit Alfredo Fonte, while largely irrelevant in politics, also has ties to the CUSC leadership, along with the infamous 'politician' Liborio Justo.\n\nFounded: §Y1929§!\nIdeology:\n- Communism§!\n
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
UD
Unión Democrática
Argentina
Argentinian
Argentina
People's Republic of Argentina
the Democratic People's Republic of Argentina
Argentinian Free Territory
the Argentinian Free Territory
Socialist Republic of Argentina
the Socialist Republic of Argentina
Araucania
Araucanian
Araucania
Andesia
Andesian
Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
United States of Andesia
the United States of Andesia
Patagonia
Patagonian
Patagonia
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Patagonian Workers' Front
the Patagonian Workers' Front
Argentine Commune
the Argentine Commune
Argentine Commune
the Argentine Commune
Argentina
the Argentine Republic
Rodolfo Ghioldi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRodolfo Jose Ghioldi began his career in the Argentinian Communist party right as it formed in 1917, being elected as the vice-president Federación de Juventudes Socialistas. He worked as a teacher the following years as the revolution in Russia waned, and once the events of the Semana Tragica and the Patagonia Rebelde occurred, he was laid off from his work during the following red scare due to his political views. Seeing little purpose in staying in his home city of Buenos Aires, Ghioldi pulled strings in the Communist Party to be sent to Patagonia with his brothers Americó and Orestes. After his arrival, factional disputes between the Party and the Anarchists led the leader of the party, Luis Emilio Recabarren, to eventually commit suicide. With the help of Moisés Isaakovich Kantor, Ghioldi was quickly able to campaign and become the leader of the Communist Party, leading it from 1924 onwards with the help of his brother Orestes. The compromising nature of Ghioldi was able to help defuse the tensions between Anarchists and Communists in Patagonia, helping both coordinate their efforts against their common enemy in Argentina, but while this has made him a respectable figure among moderate circles and the opposition, the radicals within the Party have been quick to accuse Ghioldi of favouring other parties' interests above theirs.§!
Antonio Soto
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1897, in Ferrol, Province of La Coruña, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntonio Soto Canalejo's' father died when he was very young, and he was forced to move to Argentina with his brother when he was just thirteen years old. Already as a teenager, he was exposed to the anarchist ideals by the people he met while he travelled with the 'Serrano-Mendoza' travelling theatre company. He participated in a strike of trade employees in Trelew, Chubut province, that turned into an open rebellion, with him fighting alongside the strikers. Although the revolt was crushed, he gained valuable experience for his future uprising.\n\nWhen the Second Patagonic Strike came about, after wealthy landlords decided to ignore the requests that had been agreed between the strikers and the government, he decided to join up with the strikers and organise their insurrection. The strike led up to a stand-off at the 'La Anita' farm, where Soto rallied the disillusioned workers with a fiery speech and managed to hold back an army detachment lead by Lieutenant Colonel Varela. His forces began growing with simple workers who wanted better working conditions and eager idealists alike, slowly but steadily managing to drive the army to a stalemate until the affair became public and the government called off the military. 'El Gallego' has become a legendary figure for the workers in the FOP and anarchists worldwide, and having allied with Emilio Lopez Arango in order to secure the stability of the USA, much is expected from the chairman for the following years...§!
Manuel Baldomero Ugarte
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1875, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy family, he attended the 'Colegio Nacional de Buenos Aires', where he became an avid reader and enthusiast writer. In 1897, he travelled to Paris in order to continue his studies. He assisted Philosophy and Sociology courses and began following Jean Jaurés after the US's intervention of Cuba in 1894, where he began manifesting his hatred towards imperialism. He joined up a group of young writers in Argentina and they all affiliated the Partido Socialista. However, the Partido Socialista's conservative leadership by Juan B. Justo quickly antagonised the young group, which formed its own more combative faction within the PS.\n\nWhen the FOP broke off, Ugarte couldn't stand Juan B. Justo's inaction, and decided to leave towards the newly-born nation. While Ugarte has shown devotion to the revolutionary ideals, he also has many differences with his fellow revolutionaries. He staunchly defends freedom of religion and the concept of nations, reaffirming his love for the Argentine nation and culture. However, he also believes in joining forces with other socialists in order to stop imperialism into South America, and as such, he'll strive to unite South America under his banner.§!
Antonio III
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1888, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L\
Liborio Justo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of the Argentine General Agustin P. Justo, 'Quebracho' was raised within a military background as his father worked as headmaster of the El Palomar Military Academy, allowing Justo to spend time with whom, ironically, he'd end up fighting against during the revolution. While generally shielded by his father from the anti socialist regimes that kept appearing in Argentina, Liborio decided to embark on a personal crusade southwards, first touring through the vast expanses of Patagonia to mingle with the rural peasantry, and later to fully join the revolutionary movement as an asset, having prepared for it bringing as many books as he could muster from his father's collection in El Palomar. Quickly, he became one of the most important assets for the Communist militias trying to face off the Argentine Army, and while far from being as skilful as his father, he proved to be a decent field commander. This, paired with his firebrand advocacy for South American revolution and the overall overthrow of Capitalism, quickly allowed him to rise in relevance in the Communist party, and while he originally lacked the political clout to beat Ghioldi, Liborio eventually got his chance to shine in the coup against the government. Now standing as chairman, Liborio has even publicly stated that he sees himself as a 'Messiah of the Latin American Revolution', and that the Argentine revolution is just the first step towards a bigger plan...§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of the Argentine General Agustin P. Justo, 'Quebracho' was raised within a military background as his father worked as headmaster of the El Palomar Military Academy. He entered the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Buenos Aires in 1919, during the zenith of the University Reform. Liborio quickly subscribed to this political movement and through out the 20s would publish related articles. Soon Justo subscribed to Marxism, as well as bolshevism and joined the ranks of the CUSC. Later Justo left for Patagonia to participate in the 'Argentine Revolution', where he would meet many important individuals who would propel his career. Overtime Justo began to agitate more and more for Patagonia to take a similar course to that of Bolshevik Russia, advocating for an internationalist, centralised and communist government. Within the CUSC he would lead the growing 'radical' wing, which aims to wrestle the leadership of the party from the 'moderates', led by Rodolfo Ghioldi. Quickly, he became one of the most important assets for the Communist militias trying to face off the Argentine Army, and while far from being as skilful as his father, he proved to be a decent field commander.§!
Paulina Mansurova
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of Russian Bolshevik exiles, Paulina learned from her family the crude reality of the Russian Civil War. Nevertheless, when the FOP formed, she decided to risk her life in order to help the revolution. Despite not having formal military experience, her handling of both Spanish and Russian language have facilitated communication between the military staff and many of the Russian exiles who now reside in the FOP.§!\n\n§YNotes: She's known to be in contact with Mikhail Frunze and Mikhail Tukhachevsky, from whom she's currently learning formal military strategy.§!
Miguel Arcángel Roscigna
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMiguel Arcángel Roscigna, inspired by the assassination of police chief Ramón L. Falcón at the hands of the anarchist Simón Radowitzky in 1909, began taking an interest in anarchism and reading anarchist literature during most of the 1910s, taking part in several anarchist groups. In 1924 he made up his mind and decided to aid Radowitzky and several anarchists to escape from the Ushuaia Penitenciary by signing up as a prison guard there. With the aid of Apolinario Barrera and the Chileans Ramón Cifuentes and Ernesto Medina, they were able to organise a successful breakout and reached the FOP just as the Argentinian coastal guard was about to catch up to them. Since then Roscigna has signed up in the FOP's militias and his popularity after the breakout has led him to be chosen to lead by his own troops. However, learning about the events in the Russian Revolution, he has grown wary of the communists in the FOP, and actively works to sideline and hinder their influence.§!\n\n§YNotes: Close friend of Radowitzky and of Buenaventura Durruti. Aligned with the Radical anarchist faction. Strongly opposed to the Communist Faction.§!
Marc Augier
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1908, in Bordeaux, Gironde, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMarc Augier grew up amidst the chaos and suffering of the Weltkrieg. After the defeat at the hands of the Germans and the Civil War, the Revolution brought with it peace and prosperity. Augier graduated into college under a syndicalist government, where he started a law degree but eventually left to pursue his passion for Alpinism. He also expressed sympathies for the Sorelian faction and served in the local militias. During an expedition to Patagonia, he came into contact with life in the 'Revolutionary Frontier', a place where bureaucracy hadn't yet 'corrupted' the revolution. Seeing how formidable the Andes were and that all help was welcome, he enlisted into the Patagonian Army in 1932. He quickly climbed through the ranks due to his expertise in mountain warfare, as well as Ugarte's political support.§!\n\n§YNotes: He's known to be in contact with Jacques Doriot, but he has so far refused to return to France, where he thinks his primitivist views will still clash with those of his fellow revolutionaries. Aligned with Ugarte's faction.§!
Umberto Lanciotti
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1894, in Forano, Umbria, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAt the age of 19, Umberto emigrated from Italy to France and then to the United States in order to find work. While in the United States, he went on to a long and prolific career of hopping from one job to the next, accumulating experience in coal mines and refineries, automobile factories, and banks. With the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, he ran into issues with the law and went into hiding, finding his way to Detroit where he became an active participant in the anarchist scene of the city. In June of 1920, he served as a waiter aboard the cruise ship Andrea Costa where he secretly returned to Genoa, working alongside the new Socialist Republic to repair the railroads before leaving for Britain surreptitiously 7 months later. In March of 1925, he then travelled to Buenos Aires and then crossed the Rio Negro to link up with the Anarchist forces there, meeting Severino di Giovanni. His ability to clandestinely move about and terrorise the forces of the reactionary north, along with his fierce loyalty and determination, quickly prompted him to rise up the ranks.§!\n\n§YNotes: Aligned with the Radical Anarchist faction.§!
Kurt Gustav Wilckens
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1886, in Bad Bramstedt, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving studied for most of his youth to become a gardener, economic hardship forced him to enlist in the German Army in 1906 where he was assigned to the Garde Schutzen Bataillons of Prussia. When his mandatory 4 years of service were over, he travelled to the United States to learn more about gardening, and it was there where he learned about anarchism. After taking part in several strikes and industrial sabotages, he was deported back to Germany in 1920. Having learned in the US about the growing anarchist movement in Argentina, he quickly sailed once more towards the new world, arriving at Buenos Aires the 29th of September 1920. He began working in the FAUD sponsored local newspaper 'Der Syndikalist' of the German community until the Great Patagonic strikes came to be. After the initial months of near disbelief at the events, Wilckens decided to join his brothers in the south with Andrés Vázquez Paredes helping in his escape. Despite his extremely pacifist posture, he has decided to join the FOP's militia and his gentleness as well as his conviction has managed to make him rise through the ranks.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although willing to take up arms for the anarchist ideals, Wilckens despises violence in all of its forms. Aligned with the Moderate Anarchist faction.§!
Esteban Lucich
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Dubrovnik, Kingdom of Dalmatia, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEsteban Lucich lacks any formal military experience, but he has become friends with the illegalist anarchist professor Germán Boris Vladimirovich, who has convinced Lucich to join the FOP's army. Since then, Lucich has proven his strategic talent, although he has proven to be cruel towards his own troops in order to reach his objectives.§!\n\n§YNotes: Lucich is known to have a psychotic and ruthless personality, which gives him a bad reputation among the FOP's populace and his troops. Aligned with the Radical anarchist faction§!
Micaela Feldman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1902, in Moisés Ville, Santa Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a Jewish family that escaped the Tsarist pogroms, Mika has taken an active political role since she was 15 years old. In 1923, Mika flees to the FOP with her husband, Hipólito Etchebéhère. She has since then joined the FOP's army, gaining plenty of experience with the constant skirmishes along the border with Argentina.§!\n\n§YNotes: Aligned with the Communist faction.§!
Juan Antonio Moran
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1895, in Rosario, Santa Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was a helmsman sailor by trade and twice became secretary of the Federation of Maritime Workers. He also led port strikes that were notorious for their ferocity. Juan Antonio Morán participated in the 1922 General Strike in Buenos Aires, where he fought alongside members of the Federation of Maritime Workers against paramilitary Liga Patriótica squads. Later, he and the majority of the Federation's active members joined protesting workers in Patagonia, where he is in charge of the fishing industry, convoys to Chile and the Internationale, as well as naval reconaissance.§!
Luis Alberto Quesada
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1919, in Lomas de Zamora, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFearing prosecution, his parents fled to Patagonia in 1922. He is still pursuing his military education; for example, in 1935, he visited the French Commune and received basic military training as a pilot. He is one of the Patagonian army's youngest corporal officers, but he shows great promise.§!
Alfredo Palacios
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1878, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfredo Lorenzo Ramón Palacios has long since been a symbol of the growth of moderate socialism in Argentina. Known as the 'Lawyer of the Poor' for accepting to act as lawyer in cases where his clients, usually working class members, could not afford his services without charging them, Alfredo became the first Socialist deputy in Argentina by earning the votes of the workers of the Immigrant-dominated neighbour of La Boca. As deputy, he continuously pushed for pro-labour legislation, but due to the complicated Argentinian political landscape or his own personal convictions, he was never able to finish any of his mandates as deputy. Having being kicked out of the Socialist party in 1915 for accepting to duel another politician (an act that was forbidden by the party), he worked mostly as Professor in the Universidad de Buenos Aires until he became headmaster of the Universidad Nacional de La Plata. Unlike the Ugartistas in the Socialist Party, Palacios silently opposed the Patagonian revolution, choosing instead to campaign for change within the system until the Christmas Coup forced Palacios to go into hiding. Resurfacing after the Patagonian victory, Alfredo was quickly able to utilise his political clout to earn his candidacy to General Secretary, and now, he stands as the leader of the Argentine nation. An idealist man, Palacios seeks to follow Juan B. Justo's dream, and so he'll seek to restore the Argentine Republic as it was before the revolution, before continuing to reform it into being a workers' paradise.§!
Severino di Giovanni
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1901, in Chieti, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSeverino Di Giovanni arrived in Argentina as a young adult refugee from the Italian Civil War, in one of the many waves of Italian immigrants that arrived in the nation over the last few decades. Settling in the town of Morón, he began working in the anarchist newspaper La Antorcha before the events of the Patagonic Strikes led him to flee to the South. Once in Patagonia, he settled in Puerto Madryn and began working on his own newspaper, called the 'Culmine'(Culminate), where he attempted to coordinate the southern anarchists not just against the reactionaries in the north, but against those who he deemed as pseudo-revolutionary political parties aiming to manipulate the revolution just to gain extra votes. As the war with the north dragged on, he rose quickly within the ranks of the USA, and his role as a challenging voice against Soto and Arango quickly came to a head. Now that he stands as the new Chairman, Severino has an even more radicalised version of a Workers' Utopia than any other faction dares to conceive, and it remains uncertain whether the USA will continue to support him as thoroughly as it has so far if his ideas and the idea of pragmatically rebuilt Argentina collide.§!
Guillermo Mac Hannaford
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1890, in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a well-off family, Guillermo Mac Hannaford had enjoyed a rather comfortable position in the army, serving as part of a military attaché to Bolivia before serving under Gen. Nicolás Accame. It was at this point however that things took a turn for the worst, and the Major found himself accused of spying on behalf of Paraguay and Chile, leaking state secrets to the powers in question. From what our investigations can surmise, these charges appear to be fabricated and devised as part of a GOU-backed plan to remove him from his position. Ultimately however his sentence was ended prematurely when he was rescued from captivity by our forces. While some may doubt his ideological commitments, the fact he is one of the few Argentine officers to join our cause makes him a welcome addition.§!\n\n§YNotes: Neutral in the factional disputes.§!
Consejo del Reino
§YFounded:§! §L1860, in Araucanía, Wallmapu§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFormally constituted in 1860 to serve as something of an equivalent to the British House of Lords for the French adventurer Orélie-Antoine I's ephemeral kingdom, the \
Leonidas Barletta
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1902, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine socialist narrator and essayist, Leónidas Barletta belongs to the writers of the Grupo de Boedo who defend social realism. After rebellion in Patagonia he fled South, where he is mostly involved in journalism and playwriting. He is the editorial secretary of the magazine 'Claridad' and directs the cultural newspaper 'Propósitos', a forum for the independent Argentine left. Through newspapers and magazines he publishes articles in which he defended the value of literature as a testimony and denunciation of social problems, as well as spreads cultural influence of the socialism.§!
Emilio López Arango
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1894, in Cudillero, Province of Oviedo, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in 1894 in the principality of Cudillero, located in the province of Oviedo, Spain, to family of fishermen. He emigrated to Cuba at 14, where he was in contact with the proletarian privations making his first weapons as a salaried worker due to his material needs. He later returned to Spain and then Argentina in 1910 joining the bakers' guild, becoming part of the bakers' workers' organisation in Buenos Aires, where he soon became one of the most active militants, becoming editor of 'El Obrero Panadero' (The Baker Worker). He couldn't attend school due to it being too costly for his family, so he learned by himself. During a strike, he was arrested due to a clas between the strikers and strikebreakers, being processed and sentenced to a year and a half in prison. There, he met with militants Apolinario Barrera, Teodoro Antilli and others, as well as having time to practise writing and reading a lot. After being released from prison, serving the full sentence, he returned to his guild, returning to being editor of El Obrero Panadero. Then, he passed to the anarchist newspaper 'La Protesta' (The Protest), where he later worked alongside Diego Abad de Santillán, another prolific anarcho-syndicalist.\n\nDue to the Patagonian Rebellion, Patagonia seceded from Argentina and became a syndicalist state. Arango went to Puerto Madryn from the capital via a fishing vessel, staying in Patagonia since. He joined the Patagonian Workers' Front faction and, among with his close friend and comrader Antonio Soto, is seen as a ideological unifier of the Front and one of the key figures of Moderates.§!
José Fernando Penelón
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1890, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNot much is known about him until the year 1906, where he became a union leader during a graphic workers' strike led by Luis Bernard. He joined the Socialist Party of Argentina that same year and collaborated in the formation of the first trade union. In 1908 he intervened in the foundation of the Socialist Youth, laid the foundations and outlined the orientation of the Trade Union Propaganda Committee which managed to organise 18 unions. He later joined the Buenos Aires Graphic Federation, a guild, in 1910, and in 1912, as the Buenos Aires Graphic Federation managed to be recognised for the first time by the employers as representative of the workers of the sector, reformism began to be designed. He also intervened in the founding of the 'Carlos Marx' centre of studies When the Socialist Word newspaper made its first publish, Penelón criticised this reformism. In 1915, he was elected as the director of the Graphic Worker newspaper, and he later founded the Argentine Committee of the International Red Union. He also ran for national deputy in 1916, but lost. He was expulsed in 1917 from the Socialist Party of Argentina due to his criticism of reformism, and he went on to found the International Socialist Party of Argentina, later the Argentine Communist Party.\n\nIn March 1st of 1919, a little under two months after Semana Trágica occurred, Penelón manifested in behalf of 'The International' with a writing condemning heavily the actions done by the government and mentioning the horrors that peaceful citizens and defenceless ones suffered during that event. Penelón's house, alongside other syndicalist leaders, was raided, which led to FORA requesting guarantees for Penelón not to be persecuted. Later in the summer of 1920, strikes broke out in Patagonia which led to a general strike and then an all-out rebellion (called the Patagonian Rebellion), which ended up seceding Patagonia with the rest of Argentina, and Penelón fled south to build a new future in Patagonia. Here, Penelón was resposible for diplomatic contacts with other socialist contries, desperately securing international support for the fledgeling state.§!
Victorio Codovilla
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1894, in Ottobiano, Pavia, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in 1894 to a middle class family, being the youngest of seven sons from Venancio Codovilla and Juana Ferrandi. Victorio attended secondary school in a commercial school in Mortara and there he met Egisto Cagnoni, a socialist leader through whom he joined the Italian socialist youth. When he had to leave his studies for economic reasons, he joined a telegraph company in 1910 and the following year he joined the Italian Socialist Party (PSI), where he aligned himself with the internationalist current.\n\nOn December 12, 1912 he arrived in Buenos Aires after being sent by the PSI, and joined the Argentine Socialist Youth, spelling his original name 'Vittorio' as 'Victorio', but he soon left the moderate socialist groups and joined the socialist supporters of the Soviet Russia, now refugees due to their defeat in the Russian Civil War, which would later become the Argentine Communist Party, where he quickly rose to leadership positions. Due to the Patagonian Rebellion, Victorio, alongside other syndicalist and socialist figures, were sent on fishing vessels to Puerto Madryn, where they remained. Victorio later became chairman of the Comité de Unidad Sindical Clasista (CUSC), a totalist faction actually led by Rodolfo Ghioldi, who many see as superior to Victorio. This faction is considered one of the most important in Patagonia alongside USA and FORA.§!
Candido Testa
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 13th, 1900, in Cicagna, Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe was born in Italy and fought on the socialist side during the Italian civil war. After the war, he joined Patagonia to help workers organise a military force. Currently serves as the commander of the 'Death Battalion' (Batalló de la Mort), one of the most capable formations in the Patagonian militia force, containing some of the most ruthless men and women in the entire state.§!
Álvaro Yunque
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1889, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LÁlvaro Yunque is an Argentine writer, a representative figure of Argentine left from the 1920s, when he began to collaborate in magazines of the time and published his first books. Short story writer, playwright, historian, essayist and predominantly a poet, as he liked to call himself, his literary work includes more than fifty published titles and as many unpublished ones. Along with Leónidas Barletta and others, he led the group of so-called social writers, joining them in the Grupo de Boedo, a group of writers who publishes in the 'Claridad'. He is a contributor to 'La Protesta', as well as dosen of other magazines and newspapers. Member of the CUSC.§!
Rodolfo González Pacheco
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1883, in Tandil, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRodolfo González Pacheco is an Argentine writer, playwright, orator, anarchistic journalist and activist. In 1911 he left for Mexico to collaborate with the magonistas on the Mexican Revolution and returned to Argentina in 1914. In 1917 he published 'La Obra' (The Work), a newspaper of the anarchist group of the same name. He is editor of the anarchist newspaper 'La Antorcha' (The Torch) and a collaborator on 'La Protesta'.§!
Geronimo Arnedo Álvarez
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1897, in San Nicolás, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeronimo Arnedo Álvarez is an Argentine politician and communist activist. Descendant of a family of Argentine peasants, from 1913 he initially worked as an agricultural laborer on the plantation, and later at the refrigeration plant and a loader at the port. In 1921 and 1922 he participated in strikes and went to Patagonia. In 1925 he joined the CUSC. In 1933 he became a member of the Central Committee of the CUSC, going entirely to Party work. Between 1930 and 1932, during the dictatorship of General José Félix Uriburu, he worked underground and tried to rally the forces of the Argentine proletariat. At the end of 1933 he was sent to the French Commune, where he studied at the International School.§!
Diego Abad de Santillan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1897, in Reyero, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe emigrated to Argentina alongside his parents in 1906, where he studied at a commercial school and worked as a bricklayer, blacksmith and railway assistant, but later returned in 1912 to Spain to study there. After finishing high school in León, he went to Madrid, entering the university in 1915 to study Philosophy and Letters.\n\nThere he was imprisoned for a year and a half at Cárcel Modelo for participating in the general strike of 1917, and it was during his stay in prison that he became decisively closer to the anarchist workers' movement, as he was impressed by the moral quality of the anarchist workers, which later led him to formulate an ethical and social interpretation of anarchism. After he was released in 1918, he returned to Argentina, where he continued as an activist in the Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA) and editor of the anarchist newspaper 'La Protesta'. After the secession of Patagonia from Argentina after the Patagonian Rebellion, Santillán joined the anarcho-syndicalist party 'Union of Argentine Syndicates'. His contributions to Front, among political and writer activities, include working in Economy ministry of the Front.§!
Antonio de Tomaso
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1889, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine socialist politician. The son of Italian immigrants at the age of 24, Tomaso earned a doctorate in law from the University of Buenos Aires. Affiliated with the Socialist Party in 1912, he was a deputy between 1914 and 1921. In the Parliament he took the socialist positions on issues of foreign relations and defence. Fled Argentina in 1922 and, among other socialist politicians, continues his career in Patagonian Workers Front. De Tomaso was Minister of Agriculture in 1930-1933, and as part of that cabinet, De Tomaso showed great innovative capacity, in line with European socialists that debated the role of the state and planning in the economy.§!
Gregorio Bermann
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1894, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArgentine psychiatrist, philosopher, activist, author, and humanist. He was a leader in the student movement Argentine University Federation in Cordoba during the first half of the 20th century. Bermann had a highly influential role in the university reform of 1918 in Argentina, which spread throughout the country and influenced the way Higher Education was taught in many other Latin countries. He continued to play an active role in university reform up into the 1930, when, during the dictatorship of Uriburu he was prosecuted and forced to leave the country due to his leadership in student movement and his leftist views, and he fled to Patagonia. He is a socialist and is a part of the intellectual network of the CUSC from the 1930s onwards, participating in the anti-far-right movement and in the opposition to various right-wing governments through the years, including that of Uriburu.§!
Roberto Noble
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1902, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to privilege in the city of La Plata, Roberto Noble developed a socialist ideology as an adolescent, having already earned some renown by 1918 agitating for the movement to reform Argentina's university system, whose curriculum had hitherto been largely dictated by conservative Catholics. Obtained a Law Degree at the prestigious National University of La Plata. In 1922 he joined the Patagonian Workers Front, and since then is active as politician, joirnalist, and among others, he maintained contacts with underground socialists in the territory that is controlled by reactionaries.§!
