Germany Focus Tree
Wilhelm II
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1859, in the Kronprinzenpalais, Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LReigning as King of Prussia and German Emperor since 1888, Wilhelm II has earned the respect of the world in spite of his far from positive beginnings, and German hegemony since the end of the Weltkrieg has become indistinguishable from his persona. Taut, restless and irresolute, fiercely rejecting the desire of his mother Victoria to groom him into a liberal British aristocrat, yet never fully shaking off these habits, Wilhelm ascended to the Imperial throne at the age of 29. His reign was one of bellicose \
Wilhelm von Preußen
Wilhelm III
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in the Marmorpalais of Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFormerly heir apparent of the German Empire since the age of six, Wilhelm III was a decorated commander in the Imperial German Army in his own right. A royal who presents an air of modernity and military discipline in spite of his numerous affairs, a competent equestrian and a student of administrative law, he began his career in the army in 1911, commissioned to command the 1st Life Hussar Regiment. When the Weltkrieg began, he rose to command the 5th Army, and then the Army Group Kronprinz Wilhelm, despite his young age and lack of military experience. His influence in decision-making on the front was minimal, however, and Wilhelm instead used the prestige of his position to support Paul von Hindenburg and Erich Ludendorff — he described the ousting of Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg as \
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in the Marmorpalais of Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe heir apparent of the German Empire since the age of six, Crown Prince Wilhelm is a decorated commander in the Imperial German Army in his own right. A royal who presents an air of modernity and military discipline in spite of his numerous affairs, a competent equestrian and a student of administrative law, he began his career in the army in 1911, commissioned to command the 1st Life Hussar Regiment. When the Weltkrieg began, he rose to command the 5th Army, and then the Army Group Kronprinz Wilhelm, despite his young age and lack of military experience. His influence in decision-making on the front was minimal, however, and Wilhelm instead used the prestige of his position to support Paul von Hindenburg and Erich Ludendorff — he described the ousting of Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg as \
Wilhelm IV
Wilhelm von Preußen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1906, in the Marmorpalais of Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWilhelm IV is the oldest son of Crown Prince Wilhelm and grandson of the famous Wilhelm II. The Weltkrieg passed his life while he was merely a child, and so he grew up and gained an education in the modern, parliamentarised postwar Empire. To an average German monarchist, Wilhelm II was mostly associated with his prewar scandals, media blunders and incapacity to lead during the Weltkrieg, while the Crown Prince earned disdain due to his playboy attitude and involvement with the far right — so, they held their hopes in the second in line for the throne, the Crown Prince's son.\n\nDespite being presented throughout the interwar as a \
Fritz Wolffheim
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1888, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Karl Schröder
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1884, in Polzin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Münzenberg
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1889, in Erfurt, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kurt Schumacher
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 13th, 1895, in Kulm, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erich Koch
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1875, in Bremerhaven, Free and Hanseatic City of Bremen, German Empire§!
Karl Jarres
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1875, in Remscheid, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Carlo Mierendorff
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1897, in Großenhain, Dresden District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Theodor Heuss
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1884, in Brackenheim, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Hasso von Manteuffel
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1897, in Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Joseph Joos
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1878, in Wintzenheim, Kolmar, Upper Alsace District, Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire§!
Heinrich Brüning
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1885, in Münster, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Franz von Papen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1879, in Werl, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erwin von Witzleben
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1881, in Breslau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1881, in Breslau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhereas most other German generals are usually picked out early for general staff training, von Witzleben managed to spend almost the entirety of the Weltkrieg with the infantry. Starting as an adjutant in the 19th Reserve Infantry Brigade, von Witzleben was promoted captain in October 1914 and took over an infantry company in the 6th Reserve Infantry Regiment. He later rose to command a battalion through battles near Verdun, in Champagne and in Flanders. Heavily wounded in 1918, von Witzleben attended general staff training at the end of 1918, returning to the front as chief of staff of the 121st Infantry Division shortly before the end of the war.\n\nRecognised for his excellent administrative and planning skills, Witzleben remained as a staffer for the next decade, only recently receiving his promotion to General of Infantry. Opposed to the radicalisation of the army and its traditional support base in Germany, von Witzleben sees parliamentarian struggle between the left and right-wing of German politics as a threat to the stability that the Kaiserreich brings.§!
Heinrich Claß
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 29th, 1868, in Alzey, Province of Rhine-Hesse, Grand Duchy of Hesse§!
Max Bauer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1869, in Quedlinburg, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Paul Frölich
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1884, in Leipzig, Leipzig District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Franz Jacob
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1906, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Karl Liebknecht
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1871, in Leipzig, Leipzig District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Kurt Eisner
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1867, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Erich Wollenberg
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1892, in Königsberg, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Siehr
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1869, in Heinrichswalde, Province of Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Wilhelm von Gayl
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1879, in Königsberg, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Roland Köster
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1883, in Mannheim, Mannheim District, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!
Gerd von Rundstedt
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1875, in Aschersleben, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a dynasty of Prussian nobility whose men all served in the military since Frederick the Great, Gerd von Rundstedt did not stray from this tradition - his path since maturity strayed little from the ordinary Prussian noble officer, first the Kadettenanstalt Oranienstein, then Royal Prussian Main Cadet Institute at Groß-Lichterfelde, in Berlin. Commissioned as an infantry officer, he made a good impression on his superiors for outstanding ability and so began to climb the ranks. At the beginning of the Weltkrieg, he was the 22nd Division's Chief of Staff - throughout the course of the war, he saw little action, mostly serving in various staff positions, but with a high reputation among his peers.\n\nAfter the war, he used this good impression and connections to climb the ranks again, ultimately reaching the rank of Generaloberst. A competent and experienced commander respected by pretty much everyone in the General Staff, von Rundstedt is also perhaps the most apolitical - no matter what the topic or issue may be, his view is that the Army must stay out of any political affairs. After all, Prussian field marshals never mutiny.§!
Alfred von Vollard-Bockelberg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1874, in Magdeburg, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBy the time of the Weltkrieg, von Vollard-Bockelberg already had an impressive 20 years of peacetime service as an artillery officer in the army. He would have little chance to use his decades of experience on the frontline though, as he was soon selected to staff duties shortly after the outbreak of the war. Though hesitant to leave his position as a battery commander behind, he nevertheless approached his new position with vigour and natural skill, eventually rising to the position as chief of staff to Paul von Hindenburg by the end of the war.\n\nImpressed by the scientific advances made in warfare during the Weltkrieg, von Vollard-Bockelberg would use his position on the general staff to foster close connections with the armaments industry and lead to his appointment to the newly established Army Weapons Office (Heereswaffenamt). Through his business connections and diligent work he would eventually rise to lead the HWA and is spending the majority of his time coordinating military production with the extensive German armaments industry.§!
Rupprecht von Bayern
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1869, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe incumbent King of Bavaria, Rupprecht Maria Luitpold Ferdinand, is also one of the most decorated commanders of the Imperial German Army during the Weltkrieg. Trained as an infantry officer in the Bavarian Army, he eventually rose to command the Bavarian I Army Corps, all while travelling extensively, taking up carpentry, and fulfilling his duties as a prince of the Bavarian royal family. In 1913, he became the heir apparent of the Kingdom, and a year later, he was assigned to lead the German Sixth Army during the Schlieffen Plan. Though his assignment was made due to his royal status, he proved to be an able and innovative commander. At the same time, however, he used his military command to push for Bavarian interests - refusing to withdraw his army from the Western Front to defend Prussia and thus forcing the General Staff to move troops from Belgium instead.\n\nIn July 1916, he was promoted to Generalfeldmarschall and was assigned to command the Army Group Rupprecht, a rank he has held onto until today. In 1921, after the passing of his father, Ludwig III of Bavaria, Rupprecht was crowned as the new King of Bavaria, and since then reigns as a constitutional monarch with respect for the laws and institutions of his homeland. Though having to occupy two chairs at once may seem exhausting for some, the King seems none worse for wear, and dutifully awaits Germany's next great war.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1869, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria§!
Erich von Manstein
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1887, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn as von Lewinski, Erich von Manstein comes from the family of a noble Prussian general with Kashubian heritage, and is the nephew of Paul von Hindenburg. Much like the rest of his extended family, he followed a career in the military. After six years in the cadet corps in Plön and Groß-Lichterfelde, he was commissioned into the Third Foot Guards Regiment - and reached the Weltkrieg as an infantry lieutenant enrolled in the Prussian War Academy. The war put an end to his studies and sent him to the front - both East and West, to several fronts and several world-renown campaigns, ending with the victorious march into France in 1919.\n\nAfter the end of the war, Manstein remained in the army and continued climbing the ranks, having shown his talent and intelligence in the years prior. As a newly inducted member of the General Staff, he toured countries across Europe to study their military facilities and breakthroughs in new tactics, all while developing his own. Regarded as an innovative commander with a knack for unorthodox strategies, he is one of the main proponents of combined arms warfare in the German army.§!
Heinz Guderian
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1888, in Kulm, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHeinz Guderian was born into a Prussian military family, and like his father, quickly enrolled in a military cadet school. He was already a second lieutenant when the Weltkrieg broke out, where he served as a communications officer in charge of signals intelligence of the 4th Army. Guderian fought at Verdun, in Italy and was finally stationed in Poland at the end of the war.\n\nHad he not met the famous Weltkrieg tank commander, Ernst Volckheim, Guderian might have continued along the traditional Prussian path. However, Volckheim's controversial ideas about the primacy of armoured units inspired Guderian greatly. During the 1920s he became a prolific scholar of armoured warfare and followed closely the emerging French theories of the \
Walter Model
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1891, in Genthin, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a music teacher, the young Walter Model nonetheless decided on a military career following his graduation from the Domgymnasium in Naumburg. Whatever he lacked in family connections was more than made up in his personal bravery and aptitude for command. Wounded twice during the Weltkrieg as a platoon and later company commander, Model would eventually get picked for general staff training and was one of a group of junior officers who accompanied von Seeckt to Constantinople in 1917, gaining the patronage of the later head of the OHL.\n\nThough ending the war as a divisional supply officer, many of the more influential German generals recognised Model's skill and powerful friends and quickly moved him up the ranks and into the General Staff. Widely recognised as one of the best young German generals, with the right combination of skill and political backing, Model stands ready to serve in whatever capacity is needed by the Kaiserreich. Ideologically, he is close to the political right.§!
Werner von Blomberg
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1878, in Stargard, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from a German-Baltic noble family, Werner von Blomberg grew up in a stereotypical Prussian military family. Selected early for a career in the General Staff, von Blomberg spent the majority of the Weltkrieg working in various divisional, corps, and army staff positions.\n\nAn ardent believer in the societal role played by the German military, von Blomberg has shown great interest in the military benefits provided by totalitarian regimes. Though clashing with von Schleicher on the issue of parliamentarism, von Blomberg is a supporter of the Red Generals ideas on mobilising the entire German state behind the army, possibly even going so far as declaring a National Defence State (Wehrstaat) to take full advantage of authoritarianism to grow Germany's military power.§!
Günther von Kluge
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1882, in Posen, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicknamed \
Wilhelm von Leeb
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1876, in Landsberg am Lech, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Wilhelm Leeb, the Bavarian began his career as a lieutenant in an artillery battery, with which he fought in the Boxer Rebellion. He would be granted the noble title \
Albert Kesselring
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1885, in Marktsteft, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKesselring's fascination with the application of air power in support of the army started already before the Weltkrieg. Though an artillery officer by training, Kesselring completed a course in the use of observation balloons in 1912, something he would have plenty of chance to use by the time the Weltkrieg started. Moving from a position as adjutant in the Bavarian Foot Artillery Brigade to various divisional and corps staff appointments, Kesselring would continue to observe and expand on his knowledge on the use of aircraft in support of ground forces.\n\nMoving to the infantry branch following the conclusion of the war, Kesselring toyed with the idea of transferring to the nascent Luftstreitkräfte but decided to remain with the army for the better opportunities for advancement in the Bavarian Army. His fascination with air power has led to criticism of his negligence in following the developing fields of armoured and motorised combat, something which Kesselring himself denies.§!
Eberhard von Mackensen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1889, in Bromberg, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFourth child of the famous, and still in active service, Generalfeldmarschall von Mackensen, Eberhard was always destined for a career in the military. Following in his father's footsteps and enlisting with the cavalry, von Mackensen would spend most of the Weltkrieg in various staff positions.\n\nAlmost guaranteed advancement due to the influence of his father, von Mackensen quickly moved up the ranks and became chief of staff to the Cavalry Inspectorate shortly after the end of the war, before being given command of one of the few remaining cavalry divisions in the German Army. Whilst the development of armoured and motorised warfare might threaten the cavalry arm, von Mackensen is determined to use the traditional virtues of the cavalry officer to succeed. Whether using panzers, trucks or horses, decisive and aggressive action will always prevail.§!
Nikolaus von Falkenhorst
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1885, in Breslau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Nikolaus von Jastrzembski as a descendant of old Silesian nobility, he was allowed to change his name to \
Erich Hoepner
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1886, in Frankfurt an der Oder, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThough not from a military family like so many others in the German officer corps, as his father was a doctor, Erich Hoepner joined the cavalry in 1909 and attended the Kriegsakademie a few years later. By the outbreak of the war, he was an orderly for XVI. Army Corps continuing to serve close to the front and witnessing the horrors of stellungskrieg first hand.\n\nRemaining in the cavalry after the end of the war, Hoepner served in various cavalry staff positions before transitioning to the Panzertruppe in the late 1920s. Recognising the value gained from frontline leadership, Hoepner is constantly at the forefront of any exercise and instils in his subordinates the same mindset. This willingness to share in the hardship of his men has earned him their admiration, and it is hard to find any German general more well-liked by their troops.§!
Ewald von Kleist
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1881, in Braunfels, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from a family that had previously offered Prussia two field marshals, expectations for young Ewald von Kleist was high when he joined German army at age 18. Transferring from the artillery to the cavalry in 1910, von Kleist would lead his squadron from the 1st Life Hussars Regiment in the Battle of Tannenberg. Quickly recognised for his administrative and organisational skills, von Kleist was made a staff officer in the Guards Cavalry Division where he would serve the remainder of the war.\n\nA Prussian conservative to the core, von Kleist views left- and right-wing parliamentarism with equal distrust. In his mind the Kaiser is the rightful and supreme ruler of Germany, and that position should be supported by the German army. Taking it upon himself to ensure that the current factionalism in the army doesn't threaten the monarchy, von Kleist keeps himself above the petty politics, willing to follow the orders of his Kaiser and serve the Kaiserreich.§!
Fedor von Bock
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1880, in Küstrin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a division commander during the Franco-Prussian war, and nephew to the (in)famous Erich von Falkenhayn, von Bock was sent to his first military academy at the age of eight. Learning from a young age to obey orders and follow the established military hierarchy, von Bock was soon enough selected for the General Staff, and he served in various staff positions during the Weltkrieg. His crowning achievement during the war was his close involvement in planning the 1918 German spring offensive, for which he was awarded the Pour le Mérite, the highest German military decoration.\n\nRecognised as a very capable officer, von Bock has been moved into greater and greater responsibility and he has excelled in every posting. His strict adherence to Prussian discipline and obedience has not won him much love from the soldiers under his command, but it has made sure that if Berlin and the OHL wants to get a job done, von Bock remains at the top of their list.§!
Friedrich Paulus
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1890, in Guxhagen, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1890, in Guxhagen, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter getting rejected by the Kaiserliche Marine and trying to study law at the University of Marburg, Friedrich Paulus decided on a military career, becoming a lieutenant in the 111th Infantry Regiment. Eventually serving with the Alpenkorps, Paulus fought with the unit everywhere from the Alps to Flanders to Romania and the Balkans. In the last place he would catch amoebiasis which would impact his health for the remainder of his life and severely impact his ability to lead from the front, meaning he increasingly sought staff positions in the army.\n\nHis diligent staff work earned him a place in the General Staff after the end of the Weltkrieg, where his illness didn't impact his performance. Severely impressing in the operations department, Paulus was nearly undone during the German-Russian crisis of 1934. As part of the OHL planning staff, Paulus was involved in the contingency planning for a German intervention in Russia following the election of Boris Savinkov. Though he is not removed alongside Otto von Below following the end of the crisis, Paulus is no longer viewed as favourably by the new Chief of the OHL. Paulus will have to look for other opportunities to apply his skill to advance any further, and maybe a new war and a field command would be just the way to do that.§!
Georg von Küchler
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1881, in Hanau, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a Hessian in an army dominated by the Prussian aristocracy, von Küchler has had to prove himself every step of the way. Serving as an artillery battery commander during the early Weltkrieg, von Küchler was recognised for his skills and transferred to the General Staff. His attitude and willingness to foster relationships to outweigh his non-Prussian background led to him gaining many powerful friends whilst serving in various staff positions for the remainder of the war.\n\nSpending most of the post-war years helping establish the various Oststaat armies, von Küchler is still searching for a large field command that would grant him the recognition he so deserves, willing to toe the line of whatever German government willing to use his skills.§!
Franz Halder
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1884, in Würzburg, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHailing from a prestigious Bavarian military family, Halder was commissioned an ensign in the Bavarian 3rd Field Artillery Regiment in 1902, under the command of his own father. Though to claim Halder's advancement came from nepotism and family connections would not do him justice. After attending several Bavarian military schools specialising in artillery and engineering, Halder graduated top of his class in the Bavarian War Academy and started training as a general staff officer immediately after. Serving as an orderly in III. Army Corps at the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, Halder moved from staff position to staff position and excelled whether it was division, army corps or army group.\n\nIn 1919, Halder was moved to the Bavarian ministry of war where he started on the job of demobilisation and amalgamation of the remaining Bavarian units. His excellent planning skills brought Halder to the attention of Hans von Seeckt, who convinced Halder that a more efficient and leaner German army would be better prepared for future wars. Halder has brought that viewpoint into the Bavarian army where he is opposed by more conservative elements regarding the future of the Bavarian part of the German army.§!
Gotthard Heinrici
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1886, in Gumbinnen, Province of East Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a pastor, Heinrici married into Prussian nobility which granted him plenty of the connections that were necessary for any aspiring German officer. Serving as both company and battalion commander until he was wounded during the battle of Verdun, which meant he was transferred to various staff positions after he recovered.\n\nA noted antisemite, Heinrici faced opposition from the parliamentarian mood affecting Germany following the end of the Weltkrieg. Rather than take an apolitical stance which was more typical of many of his fellow officers, Heinrici involved himself early in the establishment of the DVLP. This has led to some objections from higher ups regarding his further advancement, but his tenacity and skill means Heinrici has maintained himself as a commander respected, if not for his political beliefs, then at least his ability to lead a command successfully.§!
Eugen von Schobert
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1883, in Würzburg, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LUnlike many other officers in German high command, von Schobert (born Eugen Schobert) did not become a part of the General Staff until after the Weltkrieg. The Bavarian infantry officer spent most of the war with his infantry regiment, leading first platoon, then company and finally battalion for the duration of the war. In his role as battalion commander, von Schobert was ennobled following a daring cross of the Crozat Canal during the 1918 spring offensive.\n\nA rising star in the Bavarian army connected with the extreme right, von Schobert became regimental commander and then, with the patronage of several influential Bavarian generals who were looking for heroic officers to counter the influence of the Prussian officer corps, was moved to the General Staff. Personally, von Schobert has taken to his more administrative role with his usual vigour. Though he demands the highest quality from the soldiers under his command, he willingly shares their hardships and consequently nearly always leads from the front, much to the consternation of his staff.§!
Wilhelm List
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1880, in Oberkirchberg, Danube District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a doctor, Wilhelm List initially considered many other career paths before he settled on that of an army officer. Initially joining the Bavarian pioneers as a volunteer, List quickly impressed with his aptitude for command and was promoted to Lieutenant and attended the Bavarian War Academy. Besides a brief stint in the 1st Bavarian Infantry Regiment, List would immediately shift to staff work, and was an operations planning officer by the start of the Weltkrieg. Serving as chief of staff in various divisions, List didn't get his own command until after the war when he made a choice to switch to the mountain troops.\n\nQuickly getting recognised for his skills in training and aptitude for mountain warfare, List was switched to the training department of the Bavarian general staff so as to improve the skills of the smaller and more professional Bavarian army, following the Seeckt reforms.§!
Maximilian von Weichs
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1881, in Dessau, Duchy of Anhalt, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into nobility, von Weichs naturally chose the cavalry as his preferred service when he joined the Bavarian Army in 1900. He immediately fell in love with the military life and attended several military institutes and academies, culminating in him qualifying for service on the Bavarian General Staff in 1914, right before the outbreak of the war. He remained a staff officer for the entire war, ending on the staff of the replacement command of the II. Army Corps.\n\nReturning to the cavalry after the end of the war, von Weichs served a brief period as division commander before moving permanently onto the Bavarian General Staff. Enamoured by the advances in armoured and motorised warfare, von Weichs has been advocating for establishing a Bavarian panzer unit as well as motorising the infantry, so as to not fall further behind the advances made by the rest of the German Army.§!
Hermann Hoth
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1885, in Neuruppin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a medical officer, Hoth joined the Prussian cadet corps at age 11, and was promoted lieutenant in 1905. Serving in various regimental staff positions, Hoth was sent to the Prussian War Academy and joined the General Staff a few months before the outbreak of the Weltkrieg. Serving in nearly every position the German Army had to offer, from battalion commander to head of field aviation and quartermaster, Hoth's impressive service record ensured he could pick whatever he future he wanted for himself by the end of the war.\n\nForegoing further staff work, Hoth went back to battalion command, eventually rising to regimental commander before he was made Major General. Having served in the infantry nearly all his life, Hoth is now serving at a time where the traditional foot infantry is going through a revolution in terms of mobility. According to theorists, the dreaded Stellungskrieg might be a thing of the past, but Hoth and his expertise is ready to ensure that the German infantry is prepared for any type of war, no matter if it is static or mobile.§!
Franz von Bayern
Curt Haase
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1881, in Bad Honnef, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThough starting his career as an artillery officer, Haase made to switch to the infantry branch following the breakout of hostilities in 1914. Serving in the Württemberg Army, Haase went from battery commander to the staff of the 51st Infantry Brigade, and he has stayed with the infantry ever since. Other than his impressive service record in various staff positions, Haase also served on the Armistice Commission in 1919, as well as being present as one of a multitude of military advisors at the Spa Peace Conference.\n\nFollowing the end of the peace conference, Haase returned to Württemberg where he took up a position in the Main Office of the War Ministry, his political experience at the Armistice Commission and Peace Conference serving him well during the demobilisation and reorientation of military resources following the end of hostilities. Though very mindful of protecting Württemberger privileges in the German Army, Haase remains a true monarchist, true to both the King of Württemberg and the Kaiser.§!
Walter von Reichenau
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1884, in Karlsruhe, Karlsruhe District, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a Prussian Lieutenant-General, von Reichenau joined the German Army at the age of 19 in the 1st Guards Field Artillery Regiment in Berlin. Rising the ranks of the Guard Corps, von Reichenau transferred to the General Staff in 1915, and served in various divisional staff roles.\n\nAt the end of the war, von Reichenau served with Werner Blomberg and became an ardent supporter of his ideas of the National Defence State (Wehrstaat) as well as more indirectly a supporter of Kurt von Schleicher. Following the appointment of Schleicher to the Prussian War Ministry, von Reichenau was pulled to the ministry where he engaged himself in developing courses in physical education for German recruits. Himself an avid athlete, in both skiing, football, track running and tennis, von Reichenau sees sports as a means to an end. A way of fostering competition and stamina training in preparation for military service.§!
Hermann Balck
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 7th, 1893, in Danzig, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrandson of a British Lieutenant-Colonel, and the son of a Prussian Lieutenant-General, Belck joined the 10th Hanover Jäger Battalion at age 20. Wounded twice in the first year of the war, Belck kept to frontline postings and finished the Weltkrieg as a company commander.\n\nPromoted to division command in the interwar years, with some help from his now retired father, Balck is recognised for his excellent frontline leadership skills, which has seen him drawn to the Panzerwaffe. Perhaps an obvious example of well-connected Prussian officers promoted prematurely, the relatively young Balck makes up for it in hard work, and it is not only his father's friends at the General Staff who are following his career with great interest.§!
August Creutzburg
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1892, in Fischbach, Eisenach District, Grand Duchy of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, German Empire§!
Ernst Schneller
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 8th, 1890, in Leipzig, Leipzig District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Ernst Thälmann
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1886, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Hans Kahle
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1899, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Heinrich Fomferra
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1895, in Essen-Schonnebeck, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ludwig Renn
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1889, in Dresden, Dresden District, Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Otto Braun
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1900, in Ismaning, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Theodor Neubauer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1890, in Ermschwerd, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Zaisser
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1893, in Gelsenkirchen, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Karl Dönitz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1891, in Grünau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erich Raeder
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1876, in Wandsbek, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Lothar von Arnauld de la Perière
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1886, in Posen, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Alfred Saalwächter
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1883, in Neusalz an der Oder, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hermann Boehm
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1884, in Rübnick, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Marschall
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1886, in Augsberg, Swabia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Max Bastian
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1883, in Spandau, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Willy von Nordeck
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1888, in Brandenburg an der Havel, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Max Valentiner
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1883, in Tondern, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Rolf Carls
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1885, in Rostock, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, German Empire§!
Günther Lütjens
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1889, in Wiesbaden, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Bernhard Rogge
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1899, in Schleswig, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kurt von Schleicher
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1882, in Brandenburg an der Havel, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LKurt von Schleicher was born to a Prussian military family in 1882 and followed the same career as his father. From the beginning, he displayed a talent for social networking and an eagle eye for career advancement, quickly developing relationships with men such as Kurt von Hammerstein-Equord, Erich von Manstein, Franz von Papen and Wilhelm Groener — classmates and colleagues who would all end up as powerful leaders in German society and whose connections Schleicher put to use. His first step to power came during the Weltkrieg, when Schleicher, a staff officer, criticised war profiteering and endorsed socially progressive economic measures, earning the reputation of a pragmatic liberal. As a protege of Groener, he served in the Kriegsamt to relative success.\n\nAfter the Weltkrieg, Schleicher developed another connection to aid in his advancement — Hans von Seeckt, the future Chief of German General Staff, who used Schleicher as a useful and competent liaison between the OHL and the civilian government. Schleicher aided the coordination of Reichstag governments and the desires of the military, earned support among the parliamentarians as one of the army's more pragmatic and socially progressive commanders, and continued developing networks. He scored a friendship with Crown Prince Wilhelm and drew himself closer to the Kaiser, then established a working relationship with Minister-President Siegfried von Roedern, through which he was appointed Prussian Minister of War in 1931. Though his health is slowly turning worse, Schleicher is at the peak of his power and influence by 1936 — to the point of being considered as a natural \
Carl Friedrich Goerdeler
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1884, in Schneidemühl, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kuno von Westarp
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1864, in Ludom, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia§!
Alfred Hugenberg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1865, in Hanover, Kingdom of Hanover§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlfred Hugenberg is the Second Chairman of the DVLP, its leading financier, and one of the angels of the far right of the German Empire. From his humble origins as a bureaucrat in Krupp AG, he has amassed an enormous capital, controls several newspapers and tabloids informally named the \
Theodor Wolff
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1868, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTheodor Wolff is a writer, journalist and newspaper editor of affluent Jewish birth who has been the chief editor of the Berliner Tageblatt since 1906. Politically a progressive and a member of the LVP, Wolff used his influence in the media as a political tool even before the Weltkrieg, publishing articles that opposed right-wing power politics and supported Parliamentarisation. During the war, he protested censorship and refused to compromise in the increasingly savage propaganda battle between the left and the right. He has remained a staunch advocate of democracy and moderation after the war, and the Berliner Tageplatt always welcomes treatises by the centre and the moderate left.§!
Carl Friedrich von Siemens
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1872, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe current head of the famous Siemens family, Carl Friedrich von Siemens is the chairman of one of the largest industrial conglomerates in the German Empire - Siemens, specialising in military production and consumer electronics. Under his leadership, Siemens has focused on the latter, starting to manufacture electric lamps, radios, television sets, and electron microscopes, among others, and even constructing hydroelectric dams across the Reichspakt. The entrepreneur himself has been involved across German society - he is a member of the LVP, has donated to liberal and conservative causes, was admitted as a Senator to the Kaiser Wilhelm Society, and supports the Jewish mutual support society Gesellschaft der Freunde.§!
Fritz Thyssen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1873, in Mülheim an der Ruhr, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe head of the famous Thyssen family, one of the most powerful industrialists in the Ruhr, Fritz Thyssen is the majority shareholder and chairman of the Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser, a coal and steel corporation in Duisburg with a large network of subsidiaries across the Ruhr. Somewhat of a problem son for the Thyssen family, he has earned notoriety for his generous financial support of the right wing parties, especially the DVLP, which he is also a member of. Proudly a German nationalist, loyal to the Kaiser (if the name of his corporation hasn't made it clear) and fearful of syndicalism, Thyssen believes that a militaristic society led by a populist right-wing regime could curtail the spread of socialism and create favourable conditions for business.§!
Paul Lejeune-Jung
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1882, in Cologne, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaul Lejeune-Jung is an economist and bureaucrat who, after wartime service in the raw materials department of the Prussian Ministry of War and management of the Association of German Pulp Manufacturers, eventually rose to the position of Chairman of the Mitteleuropäische Kommission, the bureaucratic executive authority of the Mitteleuropa customs union. An advocate of the unification of the European market under one customs union and further integration of the economies of Central Europe, he is a noted defender of Mitteleuropa from the right. Politically, he is aligned with the DkP, although his Catholic faith sets him apart in the largely Protestant party, and he has also worked for Zentrum governments.§!
§H$modifier_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor$§! in §HMitteleuropa§! members: §G+10.00%§!
Wilhelm Groener
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1867, in Ludwigsburg, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Wilhelm Groener is a former Prussian Minister of War and the wartime head of the Kriegsamt, the department responsible for the management of the wartime economy. A rare example of a high ranking general of the Imperial German Army who is both born from commoners and relatively politically progressive, Groener has served as an informal liaison between the military and the civilian governments after the promulgation of the March Constitution, handling the issues between these two pillars of government and ensuring their cooperation. In Berlin, he is an advocate of the interests of the Heer, and is relatively trusted by the entire political establishment, even the SPD.§!
Oswald Lutz
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1876, in Öhringen, Jagst District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeneral Oswald Lutz is a renowned reformer in the Bavarian Army, a commander of motorised troops of the Heer during the Weltkrieg who learned by experience that the future of warfare lies in the mobile armoured forces. After the Weltkrieg, he became the Bavarian Minister of War and promoted the formation of the Kingdom's first armoured regiment, which proved itself in military manoeuvres and redeemed his vision of a mobile tank force. Thanks to his considerable contacts in the Imperial German Army, he has found likeminded officers - including Heinz Guderian, whose military theory stands in the shadow of what Lutz has already established.§!
UFA
§YFounded:§! §LDecember 18th, 1917, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Universum-Film Aktiengesellschaft was established in 1917 as the brainchild of Erich Ludendorff, one of the two leaders of the Third OHL, who desired it to become a large-scale, state-controlled film corporation that would serve national interest. The UFA has endured after the Weltkrieg and has established itself in Babelsberg, becoming a private enterprise that expanded its outreach to modern, expressionist media and became a direct competitor to Hollywood. Its silent films are renowned throughout the world and its filmmakers such as Fritz Lang, F. W. Murnau and Leni Riefenstahl have earned international acclaim. However, if the situation calls for it, the UFA is ready to brush off its traditional propaganda talents and become a tool of the German war machine.§!
Max Planck
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1858, in Kiel, Duchy of Holstein§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMax Planck is a German theoretical physicist and the president of the Kaiser Wilhelm Society, the highest scientific institution in the German Empire. He is the originator of quantum physics and was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physics in 1918 for his discovery of energy quanta, which revolutionised human understanding of atomic and subatomic processes. Under his leadership, the Society has gathered some of the brightest minds of Germany and the outside world, and has made impressive advancements in physics, chemistry, engineering, and numerous other sciences. Ideologically, Planck is a conservative liberal, a member of the LVP, but not a highly progressive one — he is content with the current constitutional system and has privately expressed fears that \
Adolf Georg von Maltzan
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1877, in Klein Varchow, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdolf Georg von Maltzan is one of the most renowned diplomats in the German Empire who served as the Secretary of Foreign Affairs in the government of Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau, overseeing challenges and achievements during the chaotic collapse of the British Empire. His \
Carl Bosch
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1874, in Cologne, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarl Bosch is a renowned chemist and engineer in BASF who earned the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1931 thanks to his discovery of the Haber-Bosch process, a method for ammonia production that has allowed mass production of nitrogen fertiliser. Bosch's vision is that this discovery will allow mass proliferation of fertiliser and help feed a rapidly growing world. Alongside his scientific achievements, Bosch is a noted advocate of the German chemical industry, both domestically and in foreign affairs, and politically, he is a member of the LVP, though has generally abstained from political comments beyond his job as a chemical industry advocate.§!
Uranverein
§YBackground:§! §LThe growing understanding of the potential of nuclear energy has pushed physicists in German universities to organise and petition the government to explore this potential further. The Uranverein, or Uranium Club, is an informal association of nuclear physicists, such as Otto Hahn, Georg Joos, Walther Bothe and Werner Heisenberg, and has even earned the endorsement of the famous President of the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics, Albert von Einstein. Their interest is for the Heereswaffenamt to grant funding for the creation of an experimental Uranmaschine (\
HaFraBa
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 6th, 1926, in Frankfurt am Main, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Association for the Preparation of the Motorway Hansestädte-Frankfurt-Basel, abbreviated to HaFraBa, was founded in 1926 under the initiative of infrastructure engineer Robert Otzen. It is an interest group for the construction of motorways and the promotion of the car lobby in the German Empire, and it is the progenitor of the term \
Franz Gürtner
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1881, in Regensburg, Upper Palatinate, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA jurist and politician from Bavaria, Franz Gürtner served as a member of the Academy for German Law and as the Minister of Justice of the Kingdom of Bavaria, before relocating to Berlin. Though aligned with the DVLP and ideologically a nationalist, monarchist and critical of the March Constitution, Gürtner is not a member of the party and has made a point that he is willing to serve any government that, as far as he believes, wishes the best for the German Empire. If appointed to control the justice system of the entire Empire, he will do everything in his power to skirt and reinterpret the law in favour of the regime.§!
Hjalmar Schacht
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1877, in Tingleff, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Canaris
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1887, in Aplerbeck, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdmiral Wilhelm Canaris is the current chief of the Nachrichten-Abteilung, the intelligence service of the Imperial German Navy, focused on tracking of the location of enemy fleets and gathering intelligence on Germany's opponents for worldwide naval supremacy. Though overshadowed by the so-called \
Walther von Brauchitsch
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1881, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kurt von Hammerstein-Equord
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1878, in Hinrichshagen, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMuch like much of the German officer corps, Hammerstein-Equord came from a noble family, who had already produced several officers and who held considerable influence in the small northern German duchy. After his time in the cadet corps in Plön and Groß-Lichterfelde, he was commissioned into the Third Foot Guards Regiment. It was here that he first met the future politician and one of the most influential men in Germany, Kurt von Schleicher. They formed a lifelong friendship and supported each other in their careers from then on out.\n\nHammerstein-Equord served as a staff officer during the Weltkrieg and continued rising in rank after its conclusion. In the divided Deutsches Heer, he was a supporter of von Seeckt's reforms, which would transform the army into a smaller, yet more professional force that would adapt all of the newest principles of war. Schleicher tactically backed this faction, at least for a while, and after he became the Prussian Minister of War, he pushed his lifelong friend into the highest office of the OHL, consolidating his power over the Army and giving him a powerful base for his political ambitions. Yet, Hammerstein is not a complete puppet, and holds at least some political acumen.§!
Georg Wetzell
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1869, in Nieder-Erlenbach, Province of Upper Hesse, Grand Duchy of Hesse§!
Ludwig Beck
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1880, in Biebrich, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Werner von Fritsch
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1880, in Benrath, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wolfgang Wegener
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1875, in Stettin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Walther Wever
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1887, in Wilhelmsort, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Robert von Greim
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1892, in Bayreuth, Upper Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Manfred von Richthofen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1892, in Kleinburg, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Kurt Student
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1890, in Birkholz, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hugo Sperrle
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1885, in Ludwigsburg, Neckar District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!
Erich Müller
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1892, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Kniepkamp
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1895, in Elberfeld, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erwin Aders
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1881, in Düsseldorf, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Gustav Ludwig Hertz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1887, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Hans von Ohain
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1911, in Dessau, Duchy of Anhalt, German Empire§!
Henrich Focke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1890, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Bremen, German Empire§!
Helmuth Walter
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1900, in Wedel, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hermann Burkhardt
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1881, in Glashütte , Kingdom of Saxony, German Empire§!
Karl Heinrich Emil Becker
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1879, in Speyer, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Konrad Zuse
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1910, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSometimes the cause of science is furthered by a young, isolated auteur - Konrad Zuse is one of such people. Merely 26 years old during the end of von Dirksen's government, he has already begun constructing computing machines superior to any currently available on the market and has earned the attention of the German military. Once time passes, Zuse's ambition and skill will grow as well - his future company, Zuse Apparatebau, will design the world's first programmable computers, perfect not only for military tasks, but for civilian ones as well.§!
Kurt Tank
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1898, in Bromberg, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Manfred von Ardenne
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1907, in the Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg, German Empire§!
Max Otto Kramer
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1903, in Cologne, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Otto Hahn
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1879, in Frankfurt am Main, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Walter Dornberger
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1895, in Gießen, Province of Upper Hesse, Grand Duchy of Hesse, German Empire§!
Werner Heisenberg
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1901, in Würzburg, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Wernher von Braun
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1912, in Wirsitz, Province of Posen, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Hadeler
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1897, in Lauenburg, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Herbert von Dirksen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1882, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHerbert von Dirksen was born to a recently ennobled Prussian civil servant family in 1887, and grew up in a very conservative environment — his father was a devout admirer of Wilhelm II and a member of the Reichstag for the Free Conservatives. The von Dirksens were proud of their \
Siegfried von Roedern
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1870, in Marburg an der Lahn, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSiegfried von Roedern was born to a noble family of Silesian origin in 1870 and followed the traditional career path of Prussian civil service. After studying law and political science, he passed the legal examination in Frankfurt and worked in the state administration of the Kingdom of Prussia for the next two decades. In Niederbarnim, he pushed through numerous provincial improvements, constructed new roads, hospitals, and promoted the full electrification of the district, earning a name for himself as a capable administrator. Thanks to this experience, he earned his most famous political appointment - the wartime Reich Secretary of Finance. The Empire's precarious financial position required a capable manager who would streamline the system and raise additional revenues, and Roedern managed well in the position - the reforms to imperial finances he began during the Weltkrieg served as a blueprint for the taxation policies of future governments.\n\nAfter the Weltkrieg, Roedern remained in politics. Though often considered as a possible Reichskanzler candidate, he moved on to Prussian politics instead - the reforms to the Constitution, granting the Reichstag control over the Reichskanzler, led to the office of Prussian Minister-President being decoupled from it, and in 1925, Roedern was chosen as the next Minister-President. A staunch nonpartisan, he commands a wide coalition of the centre and right, intent to keep the Social Democrats out of power, and pursues a national conservative, though moderate course. Time will tell how long he can straddle this line.§!
Reichskanzler in Prussia
§YBackground:§! §LUntil 1923, the offices of Reichskanzler and Minister-President of Prussia were one, and it was expected of one to also be the other. This gave Prussia imbalanced power in the system and granted the Reichskanzler additional powers owing to their position in Prussia. This system was shattered with the March Constitution - as now it would have meant that the Reichstag has the power to call a vote of no confidence on a Prussian minister-president. The election of Matthias Erzberger, a progressive Southern Catholic, was the last straw and led to Prussian decoupling, since which they have had their own Minister-Presidents. It seems that this decoupling was short-lived, however, as the Reichskanzler has become the Minister-President yet again - for brief or for long.§!
Adolf von Batocki-Friebe
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1868, in Cranz, Province of Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Otto Braun
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1872, in Königsberg, Province of Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1890, in Dubberow, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEwald von Kleist was born to the ancient, highly prestigious Pomeranian Kleist dynasty, in which the old Prussian virtues remained highly revered guiding principles of everyday life. Influenced by Pietistic beliefs in his youth, Kleist's worldview was heavily shaped by outdated, highly idealistic notions of the Prussian Monarchy and what it should embody, something that would have enormous influence on his later political writings.\n\nKleist rose to prominence in 1920 due to his highly uncompromising attitude towards agrarian farmhand strikes on his family's estates, with his native district of Belgard being one of the few areas in rural Prussia in which no concessions to the striking masses were made. Championing the harmony between employers and employees in the aftermath, Kleist and his closest family members eventually played a key role in the formation of local Landbund chapters in Further Pomerania, an incarnation of what he considered the perfect state of society: The local community as a good, harmonious Christian parish with a benevolent aristocrat at the helm.\n\nA protege of then-Oberpräsident of Pomerania & ex-chancellor Georg Michaelis, Kleist embarked on an administrative career in his home province. His ties to the Landbund and charisma enabled him a quick rise to the highest provincial echelons in Stettin, where he eventually became Oberpräsident himself in 1931, the youngest one in Pomeranian history. Well-connected in many right-wing societies, Kleist, despite being non-partisan, was long seen by many conservatives as a ray of hope, a flawless representative of the old Germany.§!
Hermann Müller
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1876, in Mannheim, Mannheim District, Grand Duchy of Baden, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHermann Müller was born to a winemaker in Baden, but moved to Dresden. Due to his father's early death, he had to leave school without graduation and found work as a sales assistant in Frankfurt. He found socialism through unionisation - working to unionise sales assistants in his city, he ended up involved with the Free Trade Unions and joined the SPD itself. By 1905, he had amassed enough influence with his activism that August Bebel pushed him forward as a party secretary - however, the unions, which believed that Müller was too left-wing, blocked his candidacy.\n\nBy the Weltkrieg, Müller had moderated - he sharply criticised Rosa Luxemburg and positioned himself in the party's centre, between the revolutionary left and the right-wing revisionists. Still, for a time, he lost influence to Friedrich Ebert and Philip Scheidemann. Again, he answered with a pivot - this time a bit more to the left, preying onto the frustration with the party's cooperation with the Brockdorff cabinet and passivity, he advocated a more aggressive approach that could neuter the March Coalition and allow the formation of a centre-left democratic government. In 1930, he was finally elected as one of SPD's co-chairmen - the party's uncompromising position towards the Dirksen Cabinet that helped sabotage it in the leadup to the 1936 election is the result of his strategy.\n\nDescribed by his contemporaries as an 'objectivity fanatic', Müller is an unassuming, yet honest and precise bureaucrat, very much unlike his choleric comrade Otto Wels. Much like his father, a follower of Ludwig Feuerbach, Müller is irreligious.§!
Theodor Haubach
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1896, in Frankfurt am Main, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Carl Ulitzka
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1873, in Jernau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Adam Stegerwald
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1874, in Greußenheim, Lower Franconia, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Fritz Schäffer
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1888, in Munich, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Konrad Adenauer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1876, in Cologne, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Rudolf Schwander
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1868, in Colmar, Haut-Rhin, French Empire§!
Otto Hugo
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1878, in Essen, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Walther von Rathenau
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 29th, 1867, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Fritz Tarnow
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1880, in Bad Oeynhausen, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Theodor Leipart
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1867, in Neubrandenburg, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, North German Confederation§!
Hofgeismarer-Kreis
§YFounded:§! §Lin Hofgeismar, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Carl Schmitt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1888, in Plettenberg, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA famous jurist and political theorist whose political thought has earned the attention of German society and political science, Carl Schmitt is one of the most famous intellectual critics of liberal constitutionalism in the German Empire. Throughout his academic career, he has published several books and treatises in which he explained his political philosophy, denounced liberalism as not only incompatible with democracy, but also at odds with the inherently conflictive nature of man that always requires existential enemies to fight. As an answer to his perceived weaknesses of parliamentary democracy, he posits the idea of sovereign as someone who decided on the exception, transcends law in order to handle crisis while skirting the letter of the law. For Kurt von Schleicher, Carl Schmitt is the \
Ferdinand von Bredow
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1884, in Neuruppin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMajor General Ferdinand von Bredow is one of Kurt von Schleicher's closest allies. A Prussian noble of the new generation and a veteran commander of the Weltkrieg, he came to contact with Schleicher when Hans von Seeckt was the chief of the General Army Staff and the two men began to work together for what was, in their eyes, a project to coordinate the politics of the Empire with military interests. While Schleicher was active politically and developed connections with parliamentarians, Bredow worked in the shadows and was appointed to Abteilung IIIb, where he collected dossiers on persons of interest in German politics and forwarded them to his ally in order to keep him informed. He welcomed the rise of the Schleicher Chancellorship and serves as the Reichskanzler's key ally in intelligence and internal security. The mediatisation of the Prussian Secret Police grants Bredow a new tool in his arsenal which he will surely put to use in the name of the Neue Staat.§!
Lothar Erdmann
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1888, in Breslau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA former member of the SPD, an influential functionary of the ADGB and a press officer of the international and German social democratic trade unions, Lothar Erdmann turned away from socialism in the 1930s, seeing the battle for the rights of the workers as necessarily intertwined with national interest, specifically German national interest. As he later described, \
Ulrich von Hassell
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1881, in Anklam, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRepresentative of the next generation of German nobility, Ulrich von Hassell was born to an old and proud Lower Saxon family in 1881. Prior to the Weltkrieg, he joined the diplomatic service, however, he retired from this career path for some time to pursue civil service. There, he became familiar with Wolfgang Kapp, and later was involved in the initiative of his father-in-law, Alfred von Tirpitz — the German Fatherland Party. Hassell was the party's secretary from its beginnings, though he was temporarily sidelined by reactionaries such as Georg Schiele and Kapp himself.\n\nIn 1920, he rejoined the diplomatic service and was assigned to the Commune of France, where, posted in Marseille, he experienced the Syndicalist revolution in person — and was further convinced that the natural German way of life is completely opposed to this anarchist travesty. In 1930, he found his opportunity to return — record low vote share and Schiele's retirement forced a realignment in the DVLP, and Hassell, leading the so-called \
Eduard Stadtler
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1886, in Hagenau, Lower Alsace District, Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA former member of Zentrum from Alsace-Lorraine, Eduard Stadtler turned to the extreme right during the Weltkrieg, when he personally experienced the October Revolution as a prisoner of war and declared it a threat to all of Germany. Once he returned back to Germany during exchanges of prisoners after Brest-Litovsk, he began organising successive political clubs and young conservative groups with intent to support the far right and create a \
Oskar Hergt
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1869, in Naumburg, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA veteran right-wing politician, Oskar Hergt held numerous political posts well before his involvement in party politics - such as district president of Liegnitz and Minister of Finance of Prussia. His ideal of a united Christian-conservative right-wing party to anchor the German Empire against the radicalism of the left eventually drove him to the Conservatives, which he joined in the 1920s, and under whose aegis he continued to serve in various ministerial positions in Prussia throughout the postwar period. During Posadowsky-Wehner's brief liberal-conservative government in 1923, Hergt assumed the role of Secretary of Justice. To the coalition of Schwarz-Weiß-Rot, he brings expertise and respect - though he is very sceptical towards the far-righters that the DkP has been forced to sit alongside with. In his eyes, the extremists will only cause problems that they, calm and collected politicians, will be forced to solve.§!
Adolf von Trotha
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1868, in Koblenz, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdolf von Trotha is a leading member of the DVLP and the chairman of the German Navy League (Deutscher Flottenverein), the interest group founded by Adolf von Tirpitz in 1898 as an extra-parliamentary backer of his Weltpolitik and naval rearmament course. Before and during the Weltkrieg, the Navy League became the brewing ground of far-right, nationalist thought which desired a strong, \
Martin Spahn
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1875, in Marienburg, Province of West Prussia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LProfessor of History Martin Spahn originally became famous for the \
Gottfried Treviranus
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1891, in Schieder-Schwalenberg, Principality of Waldeck and Pyrmont, German Empire§!
Hans Schlange-Schöningen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1886, in Schöningen, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hermann von Lüninck
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1893, in Ostwig, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Günther Gereke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1893, in Gruna, Province of Saxony, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Fritz Baade
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1893, in Neurippin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Max Seydewitz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1892, in Forst, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Sollmann
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1881, in Oberlind, Sonneberg District, Duchy of Saxe-Meiningen, German Empire§!
Fritz Naphtali
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1888, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Hansjoachim von Rohr
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1888, in Demmin, Province of Pomerania, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHansjoachim von Rohr is a noted representative of the interests of the large East Elbian land-holders and the landowning aristocracy, the so-called \
Tilo von Wilmowsky
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1878, in Hanover, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
August Winnig
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1878, in Blankenburg, Duchy of Brunswick, German Empire§!
Rudolf Hilferding
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1877, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy Jewish family in Vienna, Rudolf Hilferding became involved in socialist politics during his time in university and joined the Austrian SPÖ, where he abandoned his previous medicine career and dedicated himself entirely to the study of the political economy. In 1906, recommended by Karl Kautsky, he moved to Berlin as a teacher in the SPD's party school, and Germany soon became his second home. Here, in 1910, he published the \
Carl Severing
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1875, in Herford, Province of Westphalia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarl Severing was born in the Westphalian industrial town of Bielefeld and rose to prominence through the trade union movement in the city. Before the war, he was one of the SPD's most influential \
Johannes Bell
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1868, in Essen, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!
Albert von Einstein
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1879, in Ulm, Danube District, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWidely considered to be the most brilliant mind of the age, if not all of human history, Albert von Einstein is a theoretical physicist of German birth who revolutionised modern physics with his theory of relativity. Temporarily stateless, he returned to Germany in 1914 and has headed the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Physics since 1917. In 1921, he was awarded with a Nobel Prize in Physics, and was subsequently ennobled by the Kaiser for his outstanding contributions to the German scientific community. Though most of the public has little understanding of his theory, he has become a scientific celebrity, and he uses this fame and notoriety to advance a number of causes, most notably pacifism and the rights of the German Jews. Politically, he sympathises with the SPD and LVP.§!
Hans Zehrer
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1899, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Paul Reusch
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1868, in Königsbronn, Jagst District, Kingdom of Württemberg§!
Otto Grotewohl
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1894, in Brunswick, Duchy of Brunswick, German Empire§!
Anton Fehr
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1881, in Lindenberg im Allgäu, Upper Bavaria, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Rudolf Wissell & Wichard von Moellendorff
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1869, in Göttingen, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRudolf Wissell became involved in the illegal SPD through his apprenticeship as a mechanical engineer and moved on to become a fulltime union secretary. In the General Commission of Trade Unions, and later the ADGB, he was responsible for social policy and subsequently became the SPD's main social policy expert. In the party, he belongs to the \
Waldemar Pabst
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1880, in Hanau, Province of Hesse-Nassau, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Erich von Bonin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1878, in Berlin, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Joachim von Stülpnagel
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1880, in Glogau, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Volckheim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1898, in Bornheim, Rhine Province, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Ernst Niekisch
§YBorn:§! §LMay 23rd, 1889, in Trebnitz, Province of Silesia, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Wilhelm Röpke
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1899, in Schwarmstedt, Province of Hanover, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Karl Helfferich
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1872, in Neustadt an der Haardt, Palatinate, Kingdom of Bavaria, German Empire§!
Johann Ludwig von Krosigk
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 22nd, 1887, in Staßfurt, Bernburg District, Duchy of Anhalt, German Empire§!
Hermann Giskes
Hugo Bleicher
Josef Jakobs
As the Black Monday Card Game is disabled, the Black Monday idea will steadily reduce every 150 days, without player input, until it is removed.
Krupp
§gThe illustrious Krupp dynasty began in 1811 with Friedrich Carl Krupp and his small steel foundry at Essen on the Ruhr. His son Alfried would then take it to new heights with the Bessemer Process in the Gründerjahre boom, allowing the Cannon King to rule a mighty empire that supplied all the armies of Europe. He'd then be succeeded by his son-in-law, the adopted Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, who now serves as the magnanimous head of Europe's most powerful conglomerate. He has made himself a name as the man who has vanquished Mitteleuropa's markets and brought to heel the assorted nations that once bowed down to Britain. From Egypt to Siam to Sweden, Krupp now basks in the Golden Twenties's light, with a million different factories sprawling out of their home at Krupp-Gußstahlfabrik. But this hegemony is not built on foundations that are free from boundless threats, whether it be godless syndicalists in the east or hushed murmurs in the stock market. Regardless, times are good and the money will continue to flow as long as the Krupps continue to adapt to survive in this bold new world.§!
Gewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser
§gGewerkschaft Deutscher Kaiser originally began as Gewerkschaft Hamborn in 1867, before being renamed in 1871 by August Thyssen to honor his beloved Kaiser. He'd then expand it into a massive conglomerate throughout the 1890s that specialised in quality steel cooked inside a 500-ton blast furnace. The Weltkrieg would bring him more opportunities as he armed Germany's troops and churned out the molten steel that would be forged into its hulking battleships. After the war, he would profit heavily off of formation of Mitteleuropa, though he was quite upset that Foreign Office didn't annex Poland and Belgium into the Reich proper. Regardless, he would exploit the Blegny-Mines and Katanga copperfields until his death when he was succeeded by his son in 1926. Fritz Thyssen is a rabid DVLP supporter and ultranationalist of the highest degree who'd oversee Deutscher Kaiser's expansion into even bigger markets. It remains to be seen however if his radical persuasions will get in the way of doing business, as his rambling rants have turned away some investors and made a few people worried. Regardless, GDK will continue to remain an important mainstay to the military-industrial complex that powers Germany and her imperium across the entire world.§!
Vereinigte Königs- und Laurahütte
§gFounded by Hugo Graf Henckel von Donnersmarck in 1871, Vereinigte Königs- und Laurahütte has become the so-called Coal Queen of East Silesia. Lording over vast deposits of coal, zinc, and iron, he managed to transform the Silesian wilderness into resources to be exploited. Their facilities at Königshütte and Laurahütte would come to supply a fifth of German steel and iron, while the coal mines at Siemianowitz would come to supply a quarter of German brown coal. The so-called “Industrial Triangle” of Beuthen, Hindenburg, and Gleiwitz has since boomed off of the company's efforts to further modernise its facilities and synergise with its new acquisitions in Poland. It has also continued to expand eastwards to help the Hetman exploit the Donets Black Coal Basin and power his new open hearth forges in Yekaterinoslav, Aleksandrovsk, and Mauripol. It remains likely that VKL will continue to remain a lynchpin to the German east under the leadership of Edgar von Donnersmarck and his council of Silesian coal barons.§!
Krupp Monopol
AEG
§gThe Deutsche Edison-Gesellschaft für angewandte Elektricität in Berlin was first founded in 1883 as a subsidiary of Edison electric to give power to the city. Later, it would be rebranded as Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft in 1888 by its founder Emil Rathenau as he expanded it into a lucrative business. He built facilities like the Brunnenstraße Plant throughout the course of the 1890s that became known for using alternating current to power machines, railways, and trams. This put him ahead of the competition and allowed him to expand all throughout the Reich, all the while his advisor Peter Brahms marketed it through graphic design. As of the 1930s, it has since fallen under the leadership of his enterprising son, Walther Rathenau, who has proven a shrewd mind in expanding it even further. It now acts as Mitteleuropa's primary power provider, expanding its sprawling tendrils up into Warsaw, Vilnius, and Riga. Rathenau will surely important as a major boon to the German war effort and prominent supporter of the LVP and Jewish emancipation within the empire.§!
Braun
§gFounded in 1921 by Max Braun, a young engineer, his namesake company is seen as something of a new kid on the block. Going from a small, cramped workshop in his native Frankfurt, he would rapidly expand his business into a formidable enterprise. By 1923, he would begin producing radio sets flew off the shelves, and by 1928, he would have his own office and factory on the Idsteiner Straße. By the 1930s, he had managed to claw his way to become Germany's young radio magnate, with offices extending across Mitteleuropa from Morocco to Ukraine. His company will surely remain relevant in the event of an oncoming conflict, as rapid communications may prove the deciding factor in winning a modern war.§!
BASF
§gBadische Anilin- und Sodafabrik was founded in 1865 by industrialist Friedrich Engelhorn to create soda and ash in his native town of Mannheim. Hiring scientists like Rudolf Knietsch and Heinrich Caro, they initially specialised in creating compounds like aniline meant to create synthetic dyes for domestic consumption. By 1910 however, they would quickly patent the revolutionary Haber-Bosch process, which allowed them to fix nitrogen from the air in order to create fertilizer. This allowed them to become a frontrunner in the field of agrochemicals and make a tidy profit off of selling synthetic nutrients to the masses. They also managed to profit heavily off of the Weltkrieg and its suffering by selling poison gas from the Reichsschwefelwerk to the military. Once the war was over, they then continued in these great strides by patenting the Bergius-Pier process to create synthetic rubber. They have also poached yet more scientists from the KWS to research synthetic fuel, which may prove crucial to the empire without Romania or Baku.§!
Mauser
§gThe brothers Wilhelm and Paul Mauser got their start working under their father, Andreas Mauser, at the Königliche Waffen Schmieden of King Frederick I of Württemberg. They would soon take their own initiative in developing their own projects, which resulted in the invention of the Dreyse needle gun and breechloading rifle in the 1860s. This earned the brothers praise as reliable arms dealers, which allowed them to sell a revised model as the official gun of the Prussian army. From 1871 onwards, this massively changed their fortunes, which allowed them to found their own company soon after. The old Königliche Waffen Schmieden was bought out in 1874 and eventually merged with various brands to form Mauser A.G. in 1897. Ever since, they have played a critical role in supplying the German Heer, especially during the Weltkrieg on both the Western and Eastern fronts. They continue to dominate the globe and especially Mitteleuropa's markets in producing high-quality guns like the K98k and C96.§!
Deutsche Waffen- und Munitionsfabriken
§gDeutsche Waffen- und Munitionsfabriken was created in 1896 after Ludwig Loewe & Co acquired a weapons plant and munitions plant at Berlin and Karlsruhe respectively. From there, Isidor Loewe would embark on a campaign of ruthless acquisitions and mergers that would see him gain leading shares in Mauser and Fabrique Nationale in Belgium. This would allow him to dominate most of the German armaments market alongside Krupp, his rivals, in a struggle that would turn hot during the Weltkrieg. During the conflict, they would compete over selling the Heer guns, with DWM supplying them Mauser rifles, Luger pistols, and Maxim machine guns, and eventually the war would end, which would bring them further profits. They transformed old arsenals into new subsidiaries throughout Mitteleuropa, while also buying out shares in the Belgian arms industry after the British Revolution. Now, they hold dominance in the Reich's markets as its second biggest arms manufacturer, and they will continue to use that to their advantage to sell us high-quality guns and support equipment.§!
Haenel
Sauer & Sohn
Walther
Rheinmetall
§gRheinische Metallwaaren- und Maschinenfabrik Aktiengesellschaft was founded in 1889 as a subsidiary of a larger metal conglomerate to produce ammunition for the German Empire. They would soon acquire their first factory under Heinrich Ehrhardt in Düsseldorf, where they would start making great strides in producing long-range guns. They secured patents for producing seamless tubes in 1892 and they produced the world's first rapid-fire gun in 1896. By 1914, they had become one of Germany's premier arms manufacturers by buying out dying companies like Dreysesche Gewehrfabrik in 1901. During the Weltkrieg, they were known for their artillery and howitzers that were used out on the field, and they have since branched out into armour and anti-air technologies that could prove useful.§!
Opel
§gAdam Opel founded his company in 1862 in Rüsselheim, Hesse, originally as a venture to produce sewing machines. It would quickly expand out however to produce bicycles and other products by the time of his demise. He was then succeeded by his late sons and his widow Sophie in 1895, and they partnered up with Friedrich Lutzmann to make an automobile in 1899. From this measly car, would spring a formidable business that would meet the Weltkrieg's demands by pumping out three-ton trucks and standardised parts for the army. After the war, they would continue to expand as Germany's most popular brand of car, with dominance over Mitteleuropa and nearly a third of the German market. In the 20s, they would release the Opel 4 Tree Frog, which became the German Model T Ford, and in the 30s, they would release the Opel Blitz, which became the country's most popular truck. They're more than willing to serve the Fatherland if we are to again go to war, and they'll certainly give us everything we need if we want to pursue a policy of Bewegungskrieg.§!
Krupp-Gußstahlfabrik
Hanomag
§gGeorg Egestorff founded Eisengiesserei und Maschinenfabrik Hanover in 1835 in the small town of Linden to build steam engines. This would quickly expand into locomotive production in 1846, and by 1870, they would be supplying almost all of Hanover's State Railways. In 1871, the company became Hannoversche Maschinenbau AG after it was sold by its previous owner, and it would then expand into tractor and automobile production by the 20th century. During the Weltkrieg, they supplied the German army with steam wagons and trucks, and after the war, they would make many great advancements in the field of agriculture. Specifically, they began making faster tractors with far better horsepower than their rivals, along with innovative new engines that could be powered by Diesel. Currently, they're best known for being Germany's civlian 'Tractor King,' but we could get them to transition towards military production to serve our army's needs. We're going to need fast vehicles to out-run our enemies and maintain our supply-lines across long-distances to fight across the globe.§!
Adler
§gAdlerwerke vormals Heinrich Kleyer was created by its namesake founder in 1880 in Frankfurt, originally to manufacture bicycles. It would quickly shift gears however to produce even more products, which included typewriters, sewing machines, and automobiles. In 1902, Edmund Rumpler became its technical director, and they would start producing engines as well, and soon they would be selling their new Standard models after the Weltkrieg. They would absolutely boom during the golden years of the twenties as the middle-class had money to spend, leading them to buy the Standard 6 as a competitor to the Opel Tree Frog. These times would not last however, as eventually competition would slow down, and they've since found themselves lagging behind their three main rivals. Regardless, they're still have a place as Germany's second most popular car brand, and they're perfectly happy to help us manufacture tanks and military vehicles should we require them.§!
Krupp-Grusonwerk
§gGrusonwerk got its start in 1855 in the town of Buckau near Magdeburg, and it was created by a man named Hermann Gruson to smelt iron and make machine parts. He would soon expand into making armoured gun turrets to supply the Prussian army in the 1860s, and he would profit off of the Wars of Unification by supplying arms to von Moltke's legions. After the wars however, the company would flounder after Gruson's death, leading to its hostile takeover by Krupp in 1893. It would soon be rechristened as Krupp-Grusonwerk and another arm of the Krupp beast, tasked with producing armoured plates and ship turrets for its subsidiaries. During the Weltkrieg, it would arm the Heer and supply the ships of Germaniawerft, while also growing fat off of these profitable military contracts. After the war, they have continued to do well, despite the long peace, though they are more than willing to get back into action to make us Panzers that can support our troops.§!
Daimler
§gDaimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft was founded in 1890 in Cannstatt by Gottlieb Daimler, the man behind the motorcycle, and Wilhelm Maybach, The King of Design. They originally wanted to create a company that could produce high-speed engines, but they ended up producing the ‘Phönix, their first car in 1897. From there, Maybach would design the legendary Mercedes 35 PS in 1900 that would blaze past the competition on the French Riviera at the Nice-La Turbie. DMG would continue to grow after the Canstatt Fire in 1903 forced them to move their facilities to Untertürkheim and a series of other factories. During the Weltkrieg, they would thrive by producing armoured cars and even airplanes at their Sindelfingen facility, and after the war, they would boom after they moved their headquarters to Berlin. They would make a name for themselves producing luxury cars such as the Mercedes 24/100/140 PS that were known for being good sports vehicles and white elephants for the Prussian junkers. In 1928, Rudolf Caracciola would even race a Mercedes Supersport to victory in that year's German Gran Prix, and in 1931, Kaiser would buy himself a Mercedes 770 that he'd show off to all the crowds at the Charlottenburger Chaussee. Things haven't been all great however for the rising company, as they've been struggling against their rivals at Benz & Cie for the top spot in the luxury car market. They've also been failing to sell cheaper cars to the masses like Opel and Adler, as their Daimler 6/25 PS failed to launch in the 20s to muted fanfare. Regardless, the company's fortunes may change if Germany were to get into a war, as they are sure to supply us tanks and amour of the highest caliber.§!
Benz & Cie.
§gBenz & Company Rheinische Gasmotoren-Fabrik was founded in 1883 in Mannheim by the trio of Friedrich Eßlinger, Max Rose, and Carl Benz. Benz had the distinction of being the first man to create a working car in 1885, and with his Benz Patent-Motorwagen, he would leverage his fame to create a business. His company Benz & Cie soon became one of the world's largest car manufacturers, pumping out thousands of vehicles by the 1890s. He would soon face fierce competition from his rivals however at Daimler-Motoren Gemellschaft, which would spiral into an nascent cold war that has continued to this day. After failing to turn a profit with the 1903 Benz Parsifal, Benz retired from his company after a spat with his chief engineer, so he would hand over the reins to a new generation. They would soon release the illustrious Blitzen-Benz in 1909 and a wide array of racing cars to compete with the Mercedes 35 PS. During the Weltkrieg, they would also turn a profit by working against their competitors to create Benz Bz III aircraft engines and trucks at their Mannheim facilities. After the war, they would continue to grow after facing some short-term difficulties due to the failure of their Benz Tropfenwagen to sell many models. In 1928, they would release the Benz Rennmeister that Hans Stuck would ride to victory in the 1931 Belgian Gran Prix, and in 1931, they would release the Benz 10/35 PS, which would become popular amongst the middle class. They would soon even move their headquarters to Berlin to spite their Daimler rivals, and in 1932, release the Benz 750 to compete with the Mercedes 770. As of the present, they have continued to do well, especially with more luxury models, though they have also fallen behind Opel in selling more mass-produced cars. They continue to jostle with Daimler for the top spot on the throne, and they're sure to produce us good tanks that our troops can rely on.§!
Henschel
§gHenschel & Sohn was founded in 1810 as a father and son enterprise between Georg Henschel and his son Johann Werner to create cannons in the town of Cassel. They'd soon branch out into making steam engines however in 1816, and Johann's brother Carl Anton would join as a partner. He soon took over for his father Georg in 1835, and they released their first steam locomotive, the Drache, in 1848. Carl Anton would suddenly die however in 1860 once his health took a turn for the worst, leading his son Oscar to take over. He would greatly expand the enterprise over the coming decades, and by the time of his 1894 death, they had produced over 4,000 trains. They would become one of Germany's largest locomotive manufacturers by the dawn of the 20th century, and they would soon prove themselves indespensible during the bloody Weltkrieg. They would help to produce war locomotives to transport material and men, while also producing early tanks to overrun the French lines. After the war, they would continue to be on top of the corporate food chain, while also competing with Borsig and Hanomag to supply rolling stock to Europe's rails. As of the present, they've continued to supply the blood to Mitteleuropa's steely veins, while also producing mobile tanks that may be useful in the event of war.§!
Dornier
§gDornier got its start with Claude Dornier in 1910, who was an engineer under Graf Zeppelin working on his Zeppelin airships. He came to head their Friedrichshafen office during the Weltkrieg, which would allow him to form his own independent company, Zeppelin Werk Lindau, as a subsidiary. They would soon make a name for themselves producing flying boats like the Dornier RS IV and Dornier Delphin, and in 1922, they would use this success to become a partner within the Zeppelin Group known as Dornier Metallbauen. From this point forward, they would heavily invest in models like the Komet II and Dornier Do N that would become known for both their speed and all metal design. They would also expand beyond their original facilities in Friedrichshafen, building Dornier Works in Lubeck and an incredibly large factory in Berlin in 1923. As of the present, they've continued to find great success in putting in orders for civilian airlines, supplying Lloyd Luftdienst GmbH and Deutsche Luft-Reederei in their numerous flights across Europe. Claude Dornier is now a wealthy man in charge of a respectable company, and he will surely be useful in supplying us with planes like the Dornier Do 19 to bomb our enemies.§!
Focke-Wulf
§gHeinrich Focke and Georg Wulf began working together in 1912 to build experimental motors and design innovative new aircraft. They would soon build the A 7 Storch as their first plane in 1921 after the Weltkrieg disrupted their studies and led them to serve in the Luftstreitkräfte. In 1924, they would then use this success to create their own company in the form of Focke-Wulf Flugzeugbau AG with the help of some Bremen merchants. That same year, they would also produce Focke-Wulf A 16 for Deutsche Luft-Reederei for civilian use, while also producing fighter craft and reconnaissance planes for the Luftstreitkräfte. By the end of the 20s, they would manage to make almost 20 new models for multi-purpose use, while also becoming moderately successful against their various competitors. They have still had their issues however and near scrapes with disaster, as Georg Wulf would only narrowly survive a plane crash in 1927. They have also not done great with the Creditanstalt Crisis due to a series of poor investments. Regardless, the company is still on the up and up, and they will surely prove useful in supplying us bombers, fighters, recon planes, and even experimental helicopters.§!
Gothaer Waggonfabrik
§gGothaer Waggonfabrik has its roots in Fritz Bothmann & Company, which was founded in 1883 to build ship carousels and baggage cars. This would soon evolve into a larger business however in the following decades with its transformation into a public limited company known as Gothaer Waggonfabrik vormals Fritz Bothmann. Its original owners, Bothmann and Louis Glück, would soon be forced to resign however and sell their company to a new board of directors, who rechristened it Gothaer Waggonfabrik in 1910. Albert Kandt would be their new leader who would lead it into a new direction by producing airships with the help of Duke Carl Eduard of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Together, they would construct a new airship port and a state of the art flying school, along a massive military airbase that would be used heavily during the Welkrieg. During the war, Gothaer Waggonfabrik pioneered much of Germany's early aircraft production, building some of its first biplanes and devastating Gotha G Bombers. After the war, they would only continue this trend from their new Fürth location with brilliant engineers like Karl Caspar and their new factories at Bayreuth and Wismar. As of the present, they have leveraged this growth to become one of Germany's most powerful aircraft producers, competing with the 'Big Four' for the top spot on the throne. The Luftstreitkräfte still loves their bombers, which have become a mainstay in their bombing runs, along with their fast-moving fighters, which are well-loved by German pilots.§!
Junkers
§gJunkers Flugzeugwerk originally had its origins in the company Junkers & Co. that was founded in 1895 to create water boilers for factories. Hugo Junkers would soon expand into aircraft production though during the Weltkrieg, producing the Junkers J 4 monoplane as the world's first all-metal airplane in 1917. This soon caught the eye of the Luftstreitkräfte and the OHL who saw him as a useful asset, so they forced him to merge with Fokker to form Junkers-Fokker Werke in 1918. The goal was to combine Junker's all-metal designs with Fokker's ability to do mass production, but this marriage was not a happy one as both companies came to despise each other. Eventually, they parted ways in late 1919, and his company just became Junkers Flugzeugwerk AG, while Fokker went back to Schwerin. From this point forward, he would create Junkers Luftverkehr in 1924 in order to man civilian flights across Mitteleuropa with models like the Junkers F 13 using brand new diesel engines. He also would continue to supply military craft to the Luftstreitkräfte in competition with Dornier and GW with bombers like the Junkers Ju 87 and fighters like the Junkers Ju 88. As of the present, Junkers has become one of the top dogs in the German aircraft industry, with factories sprawling across Magdeburg and Dessau and much of the Prussian heartland. But it does find itself in a strange spot however after Hugo Junker's 1935 death, which has left something of a power vacuum without his vision to guide it. Its rivals in the 'Big Four' are also constantly trying to find new ways to outdo it, whether it be Gothaer Waggonfabrik, Siemens-Schuckert, or Albatros.§!
Bayerische Flugzeugwerke
§gBayerische Flugzeugwerke AG was originally established as Otto Flugmaschinenfabrik in 1910 by the aviator Gustav Otto to produce aircraft in Bavaria. It would quickly fall into financial difficulties however in 1916 due his mismanagement, so it would be restructured as the Bavarian Aircraft Factory by various banks and MAN AG. From this point forward, Peter Eberwein would become its chair as an ex-Albatros employee, and they would receive licenses to pump out its designs like the Albatros D. III. After the war however, they would finally branch out into producing their own models like the BFW M17 and BFW Flamingo that would find some success with commercial airlines. On the whole however, they did not thrive throughout the course of the 20s due to a combination of more financial mismanagement and competition from Rumpler and Albatros. This would lead them to again get restructured in 1926 under a new board of directors that included the designer Willy Messerschmitt. From this point forward, they would begin to do much better as they opened up a new facility in Ramersdorf and merged with dying companies like AGO Flugzeugwerke. This allowed them to get back on their feet and finally eclipse Rumpler to become the largest aircraft manufacturer in all of Bavaria. As of the present, they've found an immense amount of success with the BFW 109, which has become a staple fighter of the Luftstreitkräfte. On the whole though, they still find themselves struggling against the old giants of the 'Big Four,' and it remains to be seen if they can adapt to the changing times.§!
Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen
§gFlugzeugbau Friedrichshafen was founded in 1912 in Friedrichshafen on Lake Constance by the Zeppelin designer and pilot Theodor Kolber. He then received large investments from the Graf in 1916 to take over a hangar at Manzell and the Warnemünde shipyards to start making seaplanes and bombers. During the course of the war, the company would become well-known for models like the Friedrichshafen FF 29 and FF 49 that worked closely with the Kaiserliche Marine to patrol the Baltic and North Sea. After the war, the company would continue to grow under Kober's continued leadership, working closely with Blohm und Voss at its new workshop at Ziegelskoppel in Reval. Under its technical director, Karl Gehlen, they would produce new designs like the Friedrichshafen FF 80 that'd become a mainstay in German efforts to police the waters of the South Sea. They would also help to produce new bombers like the  Friedrichshafen FF 77, while also buying out licenses from Gothaer Waggonfabrik. This has allowed them to become a mid-level company that is respected amongst the Kaiserliche Marine, though they still find themselves in competition with Dornier to produce seaplanes. Regardless, they will surely play a crucial role to win dominance over the seas and beat back the British or anyone who may threaten us.§!
Blohm und Voss
§gBlohm und Voss was founded by Hermann Blohm and Ernst Voss in 1877 in Hamburg to produce cargo ships and iron steamers. After selling a number of ships, they'd build their first floating dock in 1887, which was followed by a mass expansion that was approved by the Hamburg Senate. This allowed them to then become a limited partnership in 1891 that produced the Kaiser Karl der Große in 1899 as their first imperial warship. They then continued to expand their facilities like Dock 5 to become the world's largest floating harbor, while also becoming the primary supplier for battlecruisers for the Kaiserliche Marine. During the war, they continued to expand to become Germany's largest submarine provider, using their Hamburg dock to wage unrestricted submarine warfare. They also would help the Ottomans to modernise their Golden Horn facilities, providing them with old ships to help them to police the Bosporus. After the war, they'd then form a close partnership with Flugzeugbau Friedrichshafen in order to produce maritime aircraft to help control the oceans. They would also even further specialise in pumping out fast-moving U-Boats that prove incredibly promising as the future of naval warfare.§!
Germaniawerft
§gFriedrich Krupp Germaniawerft was preceded in 1863 by the Bruhn Shipyard in Gaarden near Kiel. It then became the Norddeutsche Werft in 1867 once it was no longer controlled by the Danes, and it'd be operated by the North German Shipping Company under the leadership of Georg Howaldt. From there, it'd lay down about 83 ships by 1879 only to go bankrupt that same year due to financial mismanagement. It would then pass to Märkisch-Schlesische Engineering and Ironworks Corporation that same year before getting bought out by Friedrich Krupp AG in 1902. It soon got renamed to Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft as another jewel in the Krupp crown who were determined to transform it into one of Germany's most important shipyards. Before the Weltkrieg, it produced several battleships such as the SMS Kronprinz, Prinzregent Luitpold, and Posen, along with light cruisers like the Gazelle, Nymphe, and Amazone. During the war, it'd especially pivot into producing U-Boats for the Kaiserliche Marine, producing around 100 models by the end of 1919. After the war, they would continue to produce more traditional capital ships, along with the occasional imperial yacht, though increasingly they have began making more Type VII submarines at the behest of Admiral Donitz.§!
AG Weser
§gAktien-Gesellschaft Weser was founded in 1843 as Eisengiesserei und Maschinenfabrik Waltjen und Leonhardt: an iron foundry and machine works plant. It then transitioned into shipbuilding however under the leadership of Carsten Waltjen who put out their first paddle steamer in 1847. From that point, the company became C. Waltjen und Co. once Heinrich Leonhardt departed, and it would be transformed into the Weser Joint-Stock Company in 1872. Headed by a board of Bremen merchants, it would produce ships of every kind, which included many warships for the growing Kaiserliche Marine. Before the war, they specialised heavily in gunboats, along with escort ships and coastal boats in order to help protect commerce. Once the Weltkrieg broke out however, they also pivoted heavily towards making U-Boat packs, producing about 90 of them by the time it had ended. After the war, they'd continue to refurbish their docks and pioneer new technologies such as the Bauer-Wach exhaust steam turbine and sturdy Maier design. At the present, they still act as an innovator in German shipbuilding that will help us to protect our sea lanes and strike from beneath the waves.§!
Deschimag
Kielwerft
§gKaiserliche Werft Kiel was founded in 1867 as the oldest of the three imperial shipyards to build warships for the Kaiserliche Marine. Initially, it was known as the Königliche Werft Kiel, but it'd be renamed after German unification, and it'd be massively expanded by a series of captains over the coming years. After the completion of the Kiel Canal in 1895, it'd soon subsume the old village of Ellerbek and expand at such a rapid rate that Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft had to cede land to it. Then, before the Weltkrieg, It would dedicate itself towards the construction of large ships such as armoured cruisers like the Blücher and Roon and battleships like the SMS Kaiser. During the war, it would absolutely prove vital to maintaining the capital fleet, even though it didn't see much action after the Battle of Jutland. Since then, it has continued to branch off into producing modern capital ships, while also trying to modernise our old dreadnought-era models. But it has also gone off and pioneered many new innovations, whether it be Dornier and Friedrichshafen seaplanes or the SMS Graf Zeppelin as Germany's first aircraft carrier.§!
Wilhelmshavenwerft
§gKaiserliche Werft Wilhelmshaven has its origins in the Jade Treaty of 1853 that ceded a plot on the Jade Bight to Prussia from the Duchy of Oldenburg. From there, would spring the port of Wilhelmshaven in 1869 to act as a central node for the German shipbuilding apparatus. The Wilhelmshavenwerft was formed in 1871 as one of the three imperial shipyards dedicated towards building large warships for the growing Kaiserliche Marine. It would especially expand under Admiral Tirpitz during the height of the dreadnought race, acquiring three new docks and a deep water harbor by 1908 to produce capital ships. Whether it be titanic giants like the SMS Nassau or large cruisers like the SMS Hindenburg, it would produce some of the most iconic models of the hulking German armada. It proved essential to the German war effort as both a dock, but also a staging-off point for the High Seas Fleet, and by the end of the war, it had employed over 21,000 people. It would fall into a slight slump however with the demobilisation after the war, but it'd soon roar back into action with the expansion of Germany's empire. With Britain and Japan at our doorstep, it will prove crucial to pioneer the next generation of capital ships if we choose to pursue that path.§!
Vulkan-Werke Hamburg & Stettin
Schichau-Werke
§gSchichau-Werke originally began as a machine factory in 1837 created by Ferdinand Schichau in Elbing to make engines. He'd soon expand into making trains however in 1859, building Germany's first compound locomotives as a major supplier to its rails. He wanted to further expand into making ships however and war vessels for the Kaiserliche Marine, so he built a small facility in Elbing in 1877. It would specialise in making torpedo boats and destroyers for almost every customer, producing 483 of them by 1918, with most going to the Russian Empire. Its Elbing facilities proved quite small however and unable to build larger ships, so he built a larger dockyard in Danzig in 1890. He would die in 1896 however, leaving his company to Heinrich Ziese, his son-in-law who would use it to produce bigger ships. Whether it be battleships like the Schleisen or little cruisers like the Kolberg, it'd become crucial to supplying the Kaiserliche Marine during the buildup to the Weltkrieg. After, it'd continue to do quite well barring some financial mismanagement, as it also invested in civilian liners for Norddeutscher Lloyd. At the present, it continues to be a fixture to the east German economy that will be sure to supply us with everything the navy could ever ask for.§!
Siemens-Schuckert
§gSiemens-Schuckertwerke was formed in 1903 when the mighty Siemens und Halske acquired Elektrizitäts-Aktiengesellschaft vormals Schuckert & Co. This created a massive conglomerate under the leadership of Alfred Berliner that'd start producing everything from electronics to trains to cars. Georg Wilhelm von Siemens would become eager however to also produce aircraft for the Luftstreitkräfte due the outbreak of the Weltkrieg in 1914. So, he appointed Villehad Forssman as his chief designer during that same year to start producing a massive aerial bomber modelled off of the Sikorsky Ilya Muromets. This however ran into problems, so he was sacked in 1915 and replaced with the Steffen Brothers who designed the Siemens-Schuckert R1 and R2. These planes were soon followed by further models which would prove key fixtures in the war such as the Siemens-Schuckert R3 bomber and famed D4 fighter. After the war, they then fell under the leadership of Carl Friedrich von Siemens who'd then take them to new heights as a mighty titan of German aircraft. They'd start supplying commercial models to Lloyd Luftdienst and Deutsche Luft-Reederei, while also producing agile new fighters like the Siemens-Schuckert D10. They would also produce even more G series bombers to compete with Gothaer Waggonfabrik and continue to further innovate with high-climbing new designs. They have even earned themselves the reputation of being one of Manfred von Richthofen's favourites as they continue to jostle with the “Big Four” of Junkers, GW, and Albatros.§!
$generic_mio_initial_trait_fast_tanks_designer$\n§L$henschel_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_heavy_tank_designer$\n§L$adler_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_infantry_tanks_designer$\n§L$krupp3_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_general_tank_designer$\n§L$benz_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_medium_tank_designer$\n§L$daimler_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_battle_line_ship_builders$\n§L$kaiserliche_werft_wilhelmshaven_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_refurbishment_repair_dockyard$\n§L$germaniawerft_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_raiding_fleet$\n§L$blohm_voss_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_submarine_designer$\n§L$schichau_werke_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_escort_fleet$\n§L$weser_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_task_force_ship_builders$\n§L$kaiserliche_werft_kiel_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_range_focused_aircraft_designer$\n§L$focke_wulf_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_light_aircraft_designer$\n§L$bfw_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_multi_role_aircraft_designer$\n§L$siemens_schuckert_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_cas_aircraft_designer$\n§L$junkers_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_medium_aircraft_designer$\n§L$dornier_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_heavy_aircraft_designer$\n§L$gothaer_waggonfabrik_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_naval_aircraft_designer$\n§L$friedrichshafen_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_infantry_manufacturer$\n§L$mauser_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_support_equipment_manufacturer$\n§L$dwm_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_artillery_manufacturer$\n§L$rheinmetall_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_motorized_mechanized_manufacturer$\n§L$opel_desc$§!\n
$generic_mio_initial_trait_motorized_mechanized_manufacturer$\n§L$hanomag_desc$§!\n
Hotrolled Armour
Multilayer Armour
Maintenance First Design
Fuselage-Based Weapons
Psychological Warfare
Siemens Contacts
Innovative Production Methods
Efficiency in Mass Production
Continental AG Tires
Heereswaffenamt Research
Multi-Role Tanks
Anti-Tank Specialisation
Unorthodox Transmission Design
Versatile Chassis
Tungsten-Tipped Rounds
History of Battleships
Krupp Guns
Lessons of Jutland
Heavy Raiders
Battlecruiser Raiders
U-Boat Yards
High-Test Peroxide
Ocean U-Boats
Submarine Pens
Saddle Tanks
Excellent Diving Performance
Atlantic Raiders
Krupp Contacts
Armoured Design
Shipyard Conglomerate
Foreign Influences
Raider Doctrine
Fast Raiders
Carrier Raiders
Historical Shipyard
Armoured Cruisers
Innovative Battleship Designs
High Velocity Armament
Schachtellaufwerk
Mobility Design Philosophy
90 Degree Dives
Long-Nose Design
Work-Horse Design Philosophy
Bomber Destroyer
Radial Engines
Doppel Blitz
Advanced Night Equipment
Stepless Cockpit
Flying Boat Specialist
Schnellbomber Doctrine
Jet Bomber Innovator
Dual-Recoil Mechanism
Versatile Carriage
Experienced Manufacturer
Export Models
Karabiner
Sturmgewehr
Innovative Safety Features
Policiary Equipment
Improved Engines
Racing Pedigree
Military Exclusivity
Schwerer Panzerspähwagen
Peenemünde Research
$generic_has_already_completed_this_trait$
3.7cm Panzerabwehrkanone
7.5cm Panzerabwehrkanone
Black Monday
March Leads to April
The March Reforms to the Bismarckian Constitution, approved in 1920 after the fall of the OHL regime, laid the groundwork for a new era of genuine constitutionalism in the German Empire. A postwar consensus soon developed under the so-called \
Deutsches Weltreich
The German Empire is at the top of the world. Its rivals and enemies from 20 years ago have fallen to revolution, surrendered their empires, or gone into steep decline. All of the roads of this new world lead to Berlin - the economic, cultural and political heart of Europe. Our mission is to defend this new world with all of our might - as our enemies are numerous.
Victors of the Weltkrieg
On August 12th, 1919, the guns fell silent. The Weltkrieg was over, and Germany came out victorious after five grueling years of warfare. It has now been made certain in the minds of the German population that the Imperial German Army is unstoppable - France has been beaten twice and Russia has been thoroughly dismantled. Even this victory did not make the brilliant minds of the Deutsches Heer rest - new weapons and techniques of war such as armoured vehicles and combined arms have been adapted to the traditional doctrine of mobile warfare, and the Luftstreitkräfte was established as an independent air force after a pitched political brawl in 1927.\n\nAs invincible as the German army seems, however, it suffers as an institution. The laurels of victory hide lacking central coordination, dominance of the military by aristocrats, and vitriolic interservice rivalry. The Heer has become divided into cliques, each with their own way to resolve the crisis, while motivation to reform the military among the civilian government is at an all time low - but if Germany is to win the inevitable Second Weltkrieg, these problems must be resolved.
Christmas Spike
Years of speculative investment and the proliferation of high value German government bonds have created a massive bull market in the Berlin Stock Exchange. The Stock Index of the Imperial Statistical Office is reporting record spikes in stock market price, creating a volatile, yet highly profitable market. Money is flowing fast and is rapidly funnelled into savings, investments, or, generally, even greater speculation. The consensus is that the spike in stock price will either last forever, or for just long enough that everyone can get their money's worth.
Black Monday
Freiwilliger Arbeitsdienst
Arbeitsarmee
Ersatz Materials
Neue Wirtschaft
Social Economics
ADGB
§YFor the duration of the Black Monday crisis, you will gain:§!
Vast Public Works
§YThis idea is only active during the Black Monday Crisis, and acts as a balancer.§!
Sovereign Debt Default
It is the end of the German golden age. Years of unchecked spending and an enormous market crash have forced the government of the Empire to declare insolvency - billions of Marks in loans taken over decades have burned and have sent shocks across the globe. It will take decades for the economy to recover, and even then, the impact may be felt for generations.
Weltpolitik
As the guardian of the new world order, we must have a say in every notable conflict on the planet. The German eagle must stretch its wings to encompass the planet, and defend what is right wherever villainy rears its head.
Sektion IIIb Restructuring
The Prittwitz Plan
Financing the Colonies
Influx of Investment
German Military Mission
German Financing for the Ostwall
Flourishing Trade with Germany
Every allied non-subject country in §Ythe Americas§! will grant us §G2§! off-map §YCivilian Factories§!, and will receive dividends in exchange.
Catholic Resistance
Supported by clandestine German networks, Catholic organisations and activists oppose our rule, calling for an end to their perceived oppression and militarisation.
German Support for African Resistance
Sino-German Agreement
Support the Reconquest
The Pacific War
Nationalisation of the Railways
Nationalisation of the Railways - Escalated Integration
Gewerkschaftsbund
Renewed German Militarism
Towards National Revolution
Wehrstaat
Wehrstaat
'The Shogunate'
Though civilian institutions remain, political power in the German Empire is increasingly held by influential military circles and an informal collective centred around the military Reichskanzler.
The Reactionary Woman
The German women shall serve the national cause.
Kyffhäuserbund Veterans as Army Trainers
Appeasing the Working Class
Smooth Parliament Work
Welding the Organic State
Volksgemeinschaft
Agrarian Focus
Balanced Corporatism
Conservative Federalism
Disorderly Agrarian Policy
Consolidation in the Countryside
Agrarian Cooperatives
Yellow Socialism
The Hermes Plan
The Great National Transformation
Cooperation with the Catholics
Christian Revivalism
Doctrine of Power Projection
Additional Financing to Public Education
Cut the Wealth Tax
Concessions to the Middle Class
Expansion of Housing
State Resources Focused on the South
Recovery in the Countryside
Equality of the Sexes
Government Paralysis
Initiates §YGovernment Paralysis§!, which may §Rgrow§! with the actions of our opposition or incompetence of our government.
Prussian Budget Crisis
Legal Reform
Social Democratic Welfare State
Civilian Control of the Armed Forces
Incomplete Civilian Control of the Armed Forces
With the precedent of military control of the Imperial War Office, army leaders will resist civilian control of the army, in spite of our efforts.
With the precedent of military control of the Imperial War Office, army leaders will resist civilian control of the army, in spite of our efforts.
Christian Union Backing
Social Market Economy
Unlike the SPD, we are committed to a market economy, but that doesn't mean that we fall in with the Liberals. The state must maintain a certain amount of intervention to foster healthy competition and prevent monopolies. The ideas of the so-called \
Support for Business
Cooperation with the Cartels
Banking Sector Regulations
Rebellion in the SPD
The \
The Wilhelmine Constitution
The Wilhelmine Constitution is the final reform to the Bismarckian Constitution to complete the Parliamentarisation process. From henceforth, the Empire is hardly any more than a \
Constitution of the German Republic
The Republican Constitution is largely founded upon the previous Wilhelmine Constitution, though it includes the reforms drafted by the Constitutional Draft Committee before the Second Weltkrieg. It replaces the monarchy with a fairly powerful position of Reichspräsident.
The Union of Nations
The Union of Nations is a worldwide diplomatic forum where international conflicts are resolved through peaceful arbitrage.
Add Dynamic Modifier: §YThe Union of Nations§!\nThe effects of this dynamic modifier will be increased by each country which applies to join the §YUnion of Nations§!!
Forward Naval Base
Scapa Flow, seized by the German Empire, is now turned into a base for the Imperial German Fleet - giving them immediate access to the North Atlantic as well as complete control over all entrances to the North Sea.
Motorisation Drive
Supremacy of Technology
Manoeuvre Warfare
Enigma
If an enemy decrypts our cipher and activates their Decrypted Cipher bonus against us, this idea will be §Rlost§!!
Heeresversuchsanstalt Peenemünde
Rocket Artillery Developments
Wide Front Operations
Breaking French Fortifications
Perfection of Armour Design
Embrace Heavy Firepower
Self-Propelled Artillery Focus
Krupp Railway Guns
Influx of Talent in the Officer Corps
Singular, Peacetime Heer
The Professional Core
The Imperial War Office
Towards Total Mobilisation
The Imperial Defence Force
The Imperial Defence Force - Ideologised Deep State
Traditional Mobile Doctrine
Reformed Deutsches Heer
Expanded Anti-Air Section
Night Operation Training
Sturmgruppen
Improvements in Aircraft Production
Douhetian Doctrine
Firepower Focus
Naval Aviation Wing of the LSK
Tactical Destruction
Supporting the Spearhead
Cult of Heroism
Ground Support Focus
Developing the Submarine Fleet
Wolfpacks
Deutscher Flottenverein
Improved Heavy Ship Production
Improved Cruiser Production
Developing the H-Class
Wegenerian Strategy
Fast Battleships
Combined Arms Fleet
Raederian Strategy
Long-Range Naval Operations
The Notabitur System
Growing Food Reserves
Fremdarbeiterprogramm
Fremdarbeiterprogramm
This idea will be removed after the defeat of the Communards.
German Work Experience
Wartime Espionage
Military Industry Conversion
Edge in Electronics Technology
Infantry Mechanisation
Postwar Industrial Boom
Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold
Intellectual Property Seized
Light Industry Focus
The heavy industry of our country has been severely downsized during German occupation and our economy now relies on light industry.
Autonomous State
After reestablishing our state, the Germans enforced a federal, decentralised constitution on our country, with enlarged ethnic autonomies which are largely independent from Moscow. They will not contribute much to a war effort.
Military Production Restrictions
German Military Support
Under the terms of our hard-fought treaty with the German Reich they have promised us full military support.
Kaiser Wilhelm Society
The Kaiser Wilhelm Society is the principle joint-research organisation of Mitteleuropa.
All decisions combating the §Hagrarian crisis§! have been completed.
Cannot join this war
Without any response from Berlin, the economic crisis §Ris getting worse§!.
Begin the formation of the National Defence State - the §HWehrstaat§!.
Combining this decision with other §Hdecisions§! and §Hfoci§! may give beneficial events!
If not yet §Hhired as advisor§!, will hire:
If §H$medium_tank_chassis_1$§! has been researched:
If §H$mechanized_equipment_1$§! has been researched:
\nElse:
Gain one random §YAgency Upgrade§! in the §YCryptology Department§! section.
Upon completion of this National Focus, each movement of Economy Law towards §YCivilian Economy§! will grant us 5 §YCivilian Factories§!!
If an enemy decrypts our cipher and activates their Decrypted Cipher bonus against us, this idea will be §Rlost§!!
Invests 2000 §Y$infantry_equipment$§! and 250 §Y$support_equipment$§! into the §YEastern European Defence Cooperation§!.
Air Research Speed: §G+10%§!
If §H$antitank1$§! has been researched:\n
Reduces the cost of all §HMateriel Designers§! to §H50 Political Power§! for 365 days.
Researching §H$antiair2$§! or further before taking this National Focus will improve the effect to §HLevel 3§! Anti-Air per state.
If the special project §H$sp_air_radar$§! has been completed:\n
If §H$paratroopers$§! has been researched:
If §HGermaniawerft§! is currently hired as a §HShip Designer§!:\n
If §H$germaniawerft$§! is at least §HSize§! 2:
If §HSchichau-Werke§! or §HVulkan-Werke Hamburg & Stettin§! is currently hired as a §HShip Designer§!:\n
If §H$schichau_werke$§! is at least §HSize§! 2:
Gain §G1§! temporary Research Slot while this idea is active.
If §HMartin Spahn§! is an active Political Advisor:\n
All §HMilitary Occupation Governments:§!
All states of §HMilitary Occupation Governments:§!\n      Compliance: §R-10.0%§!.
All states of §HMilitary Occupation Governments:§!\n      Compliance: §G+5.0%§!.
All states of §HMilitary Occupation Governments:§!\n      Resistance: §G-10.0%§!.
All states of §HMilitary Occupation Governments:§!\n      Compliance: §G+5.0%§!.\n      Resistance: §G-5.0%§!.
Has an active §HMilitary Occupation Government§! in either §HFrance§! or §HBritain§!.
Each §HMilitary Occupation Government§! will transfer 6 §HMilitary Factories§! to Germany.
§HLothian§! State will spawn 4 §HStay-Behind Divisions§! if occupied by either §H[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! or §H[ENT.GetNameWithFlag]§!.
Successfully reforming the electoral system in Prussia may finally break the power of the conservative elite, greatly stabilising our state, appeasing our party, and setting the roots for postwar administrative reform.\n\nTo get this done, we need to §Hbuild up relations§! with our key coalition partners, §Hreform§! the reactionary Prussian Civil Service, and defeat the §Hconservative opposition§!...
§HNew political parties§! will be established on the territory of occupation governments.
§HNew ideology popularities§! will be set for occupied governments, and §Hcoalitions§! will be established.
§HAverage Resistance§! in states owned by §HMilitary Occupation Governments§! is less than §H10%§!.
Our §HMilitary Governors§! will return from their posts and reassume positions in the Heer.\n§HCivilian governments§! will be established in the occupation governments and they will be added to Mitteleuropa.\n§RNegative occupation events§! will cease.
To successfully pass this level of reform, we must fulfil all §Hfour§! of the following conditions:\n - Is in coalition with §HZentrum§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Is in coalition with §HLVP§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Has completed the §HDemocratisation of the Service Law§! National Focus;\n - The §HBrunswick Front§! is no longer active.\n\nIf we do not fulfil this requirement, attempting this reform will §Rfail!§!.
To successfully pass this level of reform, we must fulfil at least §Htwo§! of the following conditions:\n - Is in coalition with §HZentrum§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Is in coalition with §HLVP§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Has completed the §HDemocratisation of the Service Law§! National Focus;\n - The §HBrunswick Front§! is no longer active.\n\nIf we do not fulfil this requirement, attempting this reform will §Rfail!§!.
To successfully pass this level of reform, we must fulfil at least §Hone§! of the following conditions:\n - Is in coalition with §HZentrum§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Is in coalition with §HLVP§! and their §HCoalition Loyalty§! is 60 or above;\n - Has completed the §HDemocratisation of the Service Law§! National Focus;\n - The §HBrunswick Front§! is no longer active.\n\nIf we do not fulfil this requirement, attempting this reform will §Rfail!§!.
§YWe will promote Walther Wever to Commander of the Luftstreitkräfte, and push for his vision of long-range tactical bombers and support of armoured operations.§!
§YWe will promote Wolfram von Richthofen to Commander of the Luftstreitkräfte, and push for his and his cousin Manfred's vision of mass produced close air support and fighter planes.§!
§YWe will promote Robert Knauss to Commander of the Luftstreitkräfte, and push for his vision of a vast strategic bomber fleet to lay waste to enemy cities and industry.§!
§CSpain will be guaranteed to join our faction if we take this focus.§!
§RGermany will be more aggressive, diplomatically and militarily, and will build greater numbers of divisions and armour to crush the revolution with.§!
This path will §Pstrengthen German control§! over Mitteleuropa.\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YCreate the Regulation System§!.\n§CEffects once passed§!:\n§YImproves the effects§! of all generic §YMitteleuropa§! agendas.
This path will §Gexpand democratic pluralism§! in Mitteleuropa.\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YCreate the Directive System§!.\n§CEffects once passed§!:\n§YImproves the effects§! of all generic §YMitteleuropa§! agendas.\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YReplace the Conference with the Consultative Assembly§!.\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda (Generic): §YRequest Cohesion Fund Investment§!\n(This agenda is only available to Eastern European states).\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda: §YEstablish the Directorate of Enlargement§!\n§CEffects once passed§!: Unlocks diplomatic action to §Yinvite countries to Mitteleuropa§! for the Conference President state.
\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda (Generic): §YRequest Advisors for Legal Reform§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
The conference of foreign affairs ministers has been replaced with delegates from national parliaments, who organise themselves by ideology rather than nationality. §YReduces power imbalance in the Conference and increases effect of spending Political Power in the Mitteleuropa mechanic.§!\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YEstablish the Principle of Qualified Majority§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Directives are resolutions by the Mitt. Commission on goals or projects - they are mandatory to reach in some time, but their implementation falls on the member states independently, retaining their autonomy. §YImproves the effect of agendas somewhat.§!
Regulations are resolutions by the Mitt. Commission which are mandatory to follow by all member states no matter their stance on the policy. §YImproves the effect of agendas and raises power imbalance in the Conference.§!\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YEstablish the Budget Contribution Quota§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
All voting in the Conference is now weighted according to the country's contribution to the budget of ME, drastically in favour of Germany as this is their project first and foremost. §YMakes ME mechanics much cheaper for the sitting President.§!\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YEstablish the Directorate of Enforcement§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Moving all ME institutions into Berlin means that the rank and file bureaucracy of Mitteleuropa will become increasingly German, exerting greater control over the member states. §YModifies the ME spirit.§!
Creating a system where every vote must gain not only a majority of the Conference, but also indirectly at least 60 percent of the total population of Mitteleuropa, will ensure Germany must negotiate with as many member states as possible to gain their approval, and the organisation will become more pluralistic.\n\nUnlocks Legislation Agenda: §YMandate Assembly Approval for Institutional Appointments§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda: §YEstablish the European Common Travel Area§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda (Generic): §YRequest Support for Local Production§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda: §YCreate the Europamark§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda: §YCreate the Bank of Central Europe§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
Unlocks Legislation Agenda (Generic): §YRequest Mitteleuropa Loans§!\n§CEffects once passed§!:
The agenda §YCreate the Regulation System§! has passed.
The agenda §YCreate the Directive System§! has passed.
The agenda §YReplace the Conference with the Consultative Assembly§! has passed.
The agenda §YEstablish the Budget Contribution Quota§! has passed.
The agenda §YEstablish the Principle of Qualified Majority§! has passed.
The agenda §YEstablish the Directorate of Enforcement§! has passed.
The agenda §YMandate Conference Approval for Institutional Appointments§! has passed.
Adds 50 points to Mitteleuropa §YLeadership Score§!.\nUnlocks the ability to take focuses §YOfficialise Cession of Sovereignty§! and §YThe Munich Conference§!.
The §YLacking Preparedness§! modifier will be reduced §Gfaster§!!
Further reductions to the §YLacking Preparedness§! modifier will happen in the background.
We are on the track to the §YSchleicher Dictatorship§! path.
We are on the track to the §YSchwarz-Weiß-Rot§! path.
We are on the track to the §YDemokratische Union§! path.
Receive §G25§! Political Power for each level of §YWeltpolitik§! unlocked in the §YMaster of the World§! focus branch.
This effect will only be applied to states §Ycontrolled by the Reichspakt§! or §Yif you have resource rights to Oil in that state§!.
§Y[ROOT.GetName]§!: Has resource rights to oil in the state
Gain §YAnnex§! war goal against §Ythe country owning Singapore§!.
Gain §YAnnex§! war goal against §Ythe country owning South West Africa§!.
§RWe will seek an amicable decolonisation of Mittelafrika in the future, granting the native elite self-rule.§!
§RWe will seek to hold onto our colonies for as long as possible, even through force.§!
We shall establish the §YGerman National People's Union§! and complete what our predecessors sought for decades - a powerful union of the right. It shall not be a §Yparty§! - even if our detractors may claim so - but an alliance of individuals who fight for Germanness, and who intend to lead Germany for decades...
The focus §YExtinguish Syndicalism in Europe§! will also allow you to target unaligned §YSocial Democratic§! governments. Too many social democrats have been overrun by revolutionary sympathies...
Has demanded oil from Kirkuk before
Has demanded oil from Khuzestan before
The Second Weltkrieg is over. We will never be challenged again.
§YKurt von Schleicher§! has been appointed Reichskanzler. However, §Yit seems unlikely that he can stay for long§!...
§YAlliances§! formed through this focus branch may be of use later...
§RThis course of action may make them leave the [ROOT.GetFactionName]!§!
Colonial Master
Restrictions on Imports
BNS
Bund Nationaler Syndikalisten (League of National Syndicalists)\n§LEstablished in the late 1920s, the BNS is an intellectual circle led by Fritz Wolffheim which seeks to popularise Totalist ideas within the FAUD. They are most closely aligned to Sorelianism and National Syndicalism, although they have differences due to Wolffheim's eccentric tendencies - interest in völkisch nationalism and creation of a Greater Germany, social-darwinist beliefs of a great struggle between Europe, Russia and Japan, which isolate the BNS somewhat. Unlike most socialist groups in Germany, the BNS also stresses the importance of trying to win over the rural peasantry.§!\n
FAUD
Freie Arbeiter Union Deutschlands (Free Workers’ Union of Germany)\n§LFounded in 1919, the FAUD is the nucleus of syndicalist thought in Germany and perceives itself as neither a party nor a union, but rather a 'unity organisation' which wages both political and labour struggle. It is isolated from the rest of the trade union spectrum and much smaller than the massive SPD-aligned Free Trade Unions, yet enjoys a strong following among certain industries in the Ruhr. Ideologically, it is very diverse, but is led by 'orthodox' syndicalists and accepts the Charter of Amiens.§!\n
SP
Sozialistische Partei Deutschlands (Socialist Party of Germany)\n§LA democratic socialist, Luxemburgist party established in 1920, the SP is the most prominent party in the far left of the German political spectrum. Maintaining a cautious distance from the syndicalists in the FAUD, the SP is firmly electoralist and tactically cooperates with the SPD in select matters, while seeking to infiltrate and subvert the reformist trade unions. Internally, the party is divided between the Pragmatists who champion electoral participation and the Actionists who seek to focus more on extra-parliamentary struggle as well as stronger collaboration with the FAUD.§!\n
SPD
Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands (Social Democratic Party of Germany)\n§LFounded in 1863, the SPD is one of the oldest socialist parties in the world and the primary ideologue of social democracy in Europe. The party seeks to create a welfare state, reform the constitution and protect democratic reforms. Commanding intense loyalty from its voters, the SPD has remained one of the most stable parties in the Reichstag despite a history of government repression and unfavourable electoral rules.§!\n
LVP
Liberale Volkspartei (Liberal People's Party)\n§LThe LVP is a union of the social-liberal FVP and the left wing of the National Liberals, and presents itself as a grand coalition of German liberalism. One of the two key members of the March Coalition, it provided several Chancellors after the war and remained influential - it treaded on a line of unity and moderation in a divided society, progressive social reforms and maintenance of the March Constitution.§!\n
Wirtschaftspartei
Wirtschaftspartei des deutschen Mittelstandes (Economic Party of the German Middle Class)\n§LThe gap between the right wing of the LVP and the Conservatives is filled with a plethora of minor right-liberal parties, which house former National Liberals as well as defenders of the interests of the middle class. Of these, the most prominent is the Economic Party, formed in 1920. Its platform calls for a reduction of government involvement in the economy, lower taxes and freer hand for business. Though economically liberal, it is socially conservative and heavily anti-socialist, believing Germany to be besieged by the syndicalist powers and seeing the labour movement as an enemy of the middle class.§!\n
Kabinett Dirksen
März-Koalition - Kabinett Dirksen (March Coalition - von Dirksen Cabinet)\n§LHerbert von Dirksen's cabinet leads a minority government in the Reichstag, composed of Zentrum, Economic Party and DkP representatives. As the so-called \
Zentrum
Deutsche Zentrumspartei (German Centre Party)\n§LFounded in 1870, Zentrum is a Catholic interests party which has been a stabilising mainstay in German politics since its formation. It successfully fought against the Kulturkampf and proved crucial for providing support for Chancellors in the Reichstag since, being conservative and open to compromise. In 1918, it acquired the first partisan Chancellor in German history, Count von Hertling, and became one of the two main parties of the March Coalition, providing Chancellors and parliamentary support for almost every cabinet since 1920.§!\n
Deutsche Zentrumspartei (German Centre Party)
DkP
Deutschkonservative Partei (German Conservative Party)\n§LFounded in 1876, the German Conservative Party had an uncertain beginning before finally consolidating itself as the party of Junker interests - the old Prussian aristocracy which clung to power east of the Elbe river. As the old generation of aristocrats is dying out, the DkP has somewhat reformed - and the merger with the moderate conservative German Reich Party (FKRP) allowed it to recover ground as a rural, agrarian, socially conservative and somewhat antisemitic party.§!\n
Deutschkonservative Partei (German Conservative Party)
DkP (Bauernflügel)
Deutschkonservative Partei - Bauernflügel (German Conservative Party - Peasant Populist Wing)\n§LLed by figures such as Hans Schlange-Schöningen and Karl Hepp, the Peasant Wing unites rural populistic figures who are mainly concerned with the interests of the small peasantry, as opposed to the Junkers who lead the DkP. They are sympathetic to corporatist and agrarian romanticist ideas, and hold democracy in little regard.§!\n
DVLP
Deutsche Vaterlandspartei (German Fatherland Party)\n§LThe DVLP was founded in late 1917, intended as a catch-all movement unifying the entire German political class to achieve victory in the Weltkrieg. In practice, it was a radical nationalist, pan-Germanist, antisemitic, anti-Catholic and anti-democratic party which represented a break with traditional, aristocratic conservatism. Isolated for most of the 20s, an ambitious reform in accordance with conservative revolutionary ideas restored the party's vigour, underpinning its rise to become the second strongest opposition party after the 1931 elections. The DVLP is economically populist, and it gathers its support from the middle class and Protestant countryside, as well as yellow worker unions.§!\n
DVLP/DNRP
Deutsche Vaterlandspartei (German Fatherland Party)\n§LThe DVLP was founded in late 1917, intended as a catch-all movement unifying the entire German political class to achieve victory in the Weltkrieg. In practice, it was a radical nationalist, pan-Germanist, antisemitic, anti-Catholic and anti-democratic party which represented a break with traditional, aristocratic conservatism. Isolated for most of the 20s, an ambitious reform in accordance with conservative revolutionary ideas restored the party's vigour, underpinning its rise to become the second strongest opposition party after the 1931 elections. The DVLP is economically populist, and it gathers its support from the middle class and Protestant countryside, as well as yellow worker unions.§!\nDeutschnationale Reichspartei (German National State Party)\n§LThe DNRP is a split from the DVLP, established by the reactionary wing of the party and is led by Alfred Hugenberg. It is unabashedly xenophobic, authoritarian, antisemitic and anti-democratic, its ranks include a wide variety of populists, reactionary industrialists and nationalist esotericists.§!\n
DVLP/DNRP
Deutsche Vaterlandspartei (German Fatherland Party) / Deutschnationale Reichspartei (German National State Party)
CVP
Christliche Volkspartei (Christian People's Party)\n§LThe CVP was founded as a successor to Zentrum, now shedding its original Catholic interests agenda and transforming itself into an all-Christian conservative party. This follows the party's 'leaving the Tower' strategy of positioning itself as the largest right-wing party while at the same time being openly constitutionalist. Most of the party's members and leaders are still Catholics, but it has begun attracting Protestant farmers, aristocrats and middle class politicians.§!\n
CVP
Christliche Volkspartei (Christian People's Party)
Kabinett Roedern
Kabinett Roedern (March Coalition - von Roedern Cabinet)
Kabinett Schleicher
Kabinett Schleicher (von Schleicher Cabinet)\n§LAfter no majority was found in the 1936 elections, the Kaiser appointed the Minister of War of Prussia, Kurt von Schleicher, to the Chancellorship. Though selected as a moderate compromise candidate to the Reichstag, it is no secret that Schleicher has an agenda of his own, and will seek to shape the Empire to his centralising vision.§!\n
Kabinett Kleist-Schmenzin
Kabinett Kleist-Schmenzin (von Kleist-Schmenzin Cabinet)\n§LAs Reichskanzler, Ewald von Kleist-Schmenzin sits at the top of the Black-White Red coalition, an alliance of the German right primarily composing of the DkP and DVLP. As the first exclusively right-wing dominated government in Germany in more than a decade, the new cabinet seeks to undo the democratic reforms of the March Constitution.§!\n
Kabinett Goerdeler
Kabinett Goerdeler (Goerdeler Cabinet)
Kabinett Lejeune-Jung
Kabinett Lejeune-Jung (Lejeune-Jung Cabinet)
Kabinett Schwander
Kabinett Schwander (Schwander Cabinet)
DNEF
Deutschnationale Einheitsfront (German National Unity Front)\n§LThe Deutschnationale Einheitsfront is a broad organisation which serves to support Reichskanzler Schleicher's vision. Composed of sympathetic Reichstag officials, civil society groups and right-wing politicians, it seeks to strengthen the central government over the states, prepare the country for war and employ a statist economic policy.§!\n
Deutschnationale Einheitsfront (German National Unity Front)
DNVB - Moderate
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)\n§LFormed in the aftermath of the Second Weltkrieg, the DNVB is a union of the two main conservative parties, the DkP and DVLP. The union shows clear influence from the DkP, staying true to its conservative agenda of rural interests, defence of the monarchy, and German nationalism.§!\n
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)\n§LThe moderate wing of the DNVB is influenced by the DkP, which had previously taken a junior role in the coalition. It espouses rural interests, defence of the monarchy and German nationalism.§!\n
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)
DNVB - Rechte
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)\n§LFormed in the aftermath of the Second Weltkrieg, the DNVB is a union of the two main conservative parties, the DkP and DVLP. The union shows clear influence from the DVLP, espousing disdain for parliamentary democracy and professing its alignment for a Christian-inspired \
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)\n§LThe right wing of the DNVB is influenced by the DVLP, which had previously taken a junior role in the coalition. It espouses its disdain for parliamentary democracy and professes its alignment for a Christian-inspired \
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)
DNVB - Radikale
Deutschnationaler Volksbund (German National People's Union)
NLP
Nationalliberale Partei (National Liberal Party)
DVP
Deutsche Volkspartei (German People's Party)
DVP - Rechte
Deutsche Volkspartei (German People's Party)
RdnR
Regierung der nationalen Rettung (Government of National Salvation)
The Protectorate
The Walloon Flanders Protectorate is an artificial entity occupied by German forces and entrusted with a local civilian administration. The coal mines and industry now work solely for the German government, as a part of France's enormous war reparations towards Germany. The future of the region, whether it will remain separate from France or eventually rejoin it, is still in the air - but all pro-unification agitation is currently banned.
Separate the §YLille§! state from §Y[980.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§! and establish a §YWalloon Flanders Protectorate§!, gaining control of the state's industry and resources.
Military Occupation
This state is under temporary military occupation after the Second Weltkrieg, intended as a transition towards civilian rule under a compliant puppet regime, Until then, however, resistance to our rule will continue.
Red Army
British Red Army
SLP
Syndicalist Labour Party
CWP
Common Wealth Party
SDLP
Social Democratic Labour Party
Liberal
Liberal Party
NCP
National Constitutionalist Party
NDP
New Democratic Party
BNA
British National Association
BPP
British People's Party (Germanophiles)
BPP
British People's Party (English Array)
Join the Kaiser Wilhelm Society
Invite [NFA.GetNameDef] Back to France
[NFA.GetNameDefCap] has far more ability than we do to erode [FRA.GetNameDef]'s legitimacy... but only if they hold enough territory in continental France to claim some kind of victory. Currently, that isn't the case. In order to expedite the progress of defeating the French resistance, perhaps it's worth considering whether we could turn over some of our occupied territory in the South to them? At the very least, it would establish some gratitude on their part.
Troop Surge in [FROM.GetName]
Our occupation governments require additional troops to suppress syndicalist holdouts and pacify the people. Let us send another reserve division to bolster the occupation effort!
Root Out [FROM.GetAdjective] Partisans
Has deployed at least 24 divisions in Central France.
Has deployed at least 24 divisions in Central Britain.
£manpower_texticon §Y40000§! £rifle_texticon §H5000§! £support_texticon §H1000§!
£manpower_texticon §R40000§! £rifle_texticon §R5000§! £support_texticon §R1000§!
It costs £manpower_texticon §Y40000§! £rifle_texticon §H5000§! £support_texticon §H1000§! to take the decision
Reichstag Elections of 1936
\nElections to the Reichstag of the German Empire are scheduled on April 10th, 1936 - a tumultuous term finishing with even more tumultuous final four months. Centrifugal forces from the left and the right threaten to rip apart the political consensus established in the Empire ever since the end of the Weltkrieg - and few know who will come out on top in its place.\n\nThe Reichstag is elected in first-past-the-post constituencies with universal, equal and secret vote. The March Reforms of 1920 adjusted the electoral system somewhat, establishing additional constituencies and creating multi-member constituencies in major German cities, turning the system more heterogeneous and bringing the number of seats to 445. Events taking place during the election period will be able to strengthen or weaken one of the competing parties.\n\n§Y223§! seats are required for a majority. The projected results are as follows:\n\n§RFar-Left Candidates§!: [?GER.GER_farleft_seats]\n§SSPD§!: [?GER.GER_SPD_seats]\n§lLVP§!: [?GER.GER_LVP_seats]\n§mMinor Liberals§!: [?GER.GER_liberal_seats]\n§gGuelph Party§!: [?GER.GER_Guelph_seats]\n§gMinority Bloc (PP, DP, Volksbund)§!: [?GER.GER_polish_seats]\n§cZentrum§!: [?GER.GER_Zentrum_seats]\n§LAgrarian Candidates§!: [?GER.GER_agrarian_seats]\n§LDkP§!: [?GER.GER_DkP_seats]\n§nDVLP§!: [?GER.GER_DVLP_seats]\n§nFar-Right Candidates§!: [?GER.GER_farright_seats]\n
£GFX_pol_idea  §nDVLP§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §gGuelphs§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §gGuelphs§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §SSPD§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §SSPD§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §cZentrum§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §cZentrum§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §nFar-Right Candidates§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §nFar-Right Candidates§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §RFar-Left Candidates§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §RFar-Left Candidates§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §mMinor Liberals§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §mMinor Liberals§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §LAgrarian Candidates§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §lLVP§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §LDkP§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §gMinority Bloc§! will earn §Y1§! additional seat in the Reichstag election!
£GFX_pol_idea  §gMinority Bloc§! will earn $RIGHT|Y0$ additional seats in the Reichstag election!
This event option will strengthen the §Yleft§! wing of Zentrum.
This event option will strengthen the §Yright§! wing of Zentrum.
The §gGuelph§! campaign will break down, and they will lose up to §Y5§! seats in the Reichstag election!
This decision will strengthen the §Yleft§! wing of the LVP.
You are allowed to take a total of §Ythree§! of the unlocked campaign decisions.
Consolidate the Saxon Stronghold
The Kingdom of Saxony, heavily industrialised, has been a major stronghold for the Social Democrats ever since the 1890s. The miners and industrial workers of \
Socialist Popular Front in Ruhr Industrial Districts
The Ruhr is a hotbed not just for the SPD, but also for the far left - here, due to poor working conditions, more radical local socialist governments, and influence from across the French border, the far-left Socialist Party fields candidates capable of winning worker-dominated constituencies. However, the bourgeoisie and far right might be able to exploit our division and minimise our gains. Perhaps we can offer selective cooperation with the far left, and establish popular fronts in worker-dominated districts to allow both our parties to grow?
Stand Joint Candidates with Left-LVP
The Liberal People's Party once held grand illusions of becoming a dominant force of the centre, but even the reunification of the liberals failed to accomplish this. Where did that bring them? Back to us.\n\nThe Progressive People's Party was once our partner, now their successor can continue the same role, fielding joint candidates with us.
All-Democratic Slate Candidates in Rural Prussia
The conservative constituencies in rural Prussia have traditionally been dominated by the nationalist right, but it does not mean that they are invulnerable. There is a niche of poor peasantry, a narrow class of industrial workers and liberal bourgeoisie, and Poles who could potentially pose a challenge if they worked together. We shall propose fielding candidates under a unified socialist, liberal, Catholic and moderate slate, and try to steal as many rural Prussian constituencies as possible.
Selective Zentrum Cooperation
One of our two great competitors, Zentrum, may be a threat or a potential ally, depending on the composition of the next Reichstag. As such, we should not concern ourselves with joint cooperation with Zentrum - however, we can endorse some left-wing Catholic candidates in constituencies where we have little chance of victory, and thus build up a positive relationship.
Consolidate Control of Hesse
Our predecessors, the scattered Antisemitenpartei, have historically held numerous constituencies in Hesse, and its nationalist rural population can be swayed to our side. Overcoming the local liberals and socialists, we can strengthen our base and sweep up swing constituencies.
DkP-DVLP Mutual Run-off Support Pact
The Conservatives and the Fatherland Party are the two hegemons of the right, and it becomes increasingly certain that they will need to cooperate, if not even unite, to bring the German right back to power. For now, however, we can begin constructing our alliance through a pact of run-off support - should one of our candidates get to the second round in the constituency, both parties will endorse them to ensure that right-wing voters turn out for them.
Endorse Right Zentrum Candidates in Westphalia
The Catholics, one of our two great competitors, may be a threat or a potential ally, depending on the composition of the next Reichstag. However, we should be most interested in their right wing - rural, conservative, aristocratic, authoritarian, they could become a crucial ally for us should we tacitly endorse them.
Cooperate with Right-Wing Liberal Candidates
The Economic Party and the continuation National Liberals are small, but share much in common with us in spite of their ostensibly \
Challenge Urban Socialist Dominance
The large industrial cities have historically been dominated by the socialist parties - but it does not mean that they will be socialist-ruled forever. There is a large, growing mass of patriotic middle class, which despise the encroachment of the left and the proletariat, and are swayed by parties like us and the Deutschvolkische Partei - tapping into them can turn these safe constituencies into swing constituencies.
Reichskanzler Schleicher is currently fighting for his government's survival.
Kabinett Schleicher
\nReichskanzler Kurt von Schleicher is acceptable to many across the political spectrum, but the two power brokers in the Reichstag today, the SPD and the DVLP, are determined to ensure that he is merely a transition towards their rule. The SPD have created the §SDemokratische Union§! bloc to defend parliamentary rule, while DVLP and DkP are plotting the formation of §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! to place themselves in power. Meanwhile, Schleicher has a vision of his own for Germany, and needs to remain to see it through...\n\nIn this battle in the Reichstag, both of the parliamentary coalitions will attempt to convert one of a few possible options every turn (30 days), while the player is able to flag certain factions every turn to make them immune to being converted. If a coalition reaches a majority, they will initiate a §Rvote of no confidence§! and seize power! As Schleicher, you must stay in power as long as possible, and have access to a §Yfocus tree branch§! to aid you in doing so.\n\nThe composition of the §YReichstag§! is as follows:\n  [GERFarLeftReichstag]\n  [GERSPDReichstag]\n  [GERLVPLeftReichstag]\n  [GERLVPRightReichstag]\n  [GERGuelphReichstag]\n  [GERLiberalReichstag]\n  [GERPolishReichstag]\n  [GERZentrumLeftReichstag]\n  [GERZentrumCentreReichstag]\n  [GERZentrumRightReichstag]\n  [GERAgrarianReichstag]\n  [GERDkPReichstag]\n  [GERDVLPReichstag]\n  [GERFarRightReichstag][GERSchleicherReichstag]\n\n§SDemokratische Union§! currently holds [?GER.GER_democratic_union_seats] seats of 223 needed.\n§PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! currently holds [?GER.GER_swr_coalition_seats] seats of 223 needed.\n
§SFar-Left Parties:§! [?GER_farleft_seats_r]
§PFar-Left Parties:§! [?GER_farleft_seats_r]
§YFar-Left Parties:§! [?GER_farleft_seats_r]
§SSPD:§! [?GER_SPD_seats_r]
§PSPD:§! [?GER_SPD_seats_r]
§YSPD:§! [?GER_SPD_seats_r]
§SLVP (Left):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_l]
§PLVP (Left):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_l]
§YLVP (Left):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_l]
§SLVP (Right):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_r]
§PLVP (Right):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_r]
§YLVP (Right):§! [?GER_LVP_seats_r]
§SGuelph Party:§! [?GER_Guelph_seats_r]
§PGuelph Party:§! [?GER_Guelph_seats_r]
§YGuelph Party:§! [?GER_Guelph_seats_r]
§SMinor Liberal Parties:§! [?GER_liberal_seats_r]
§PMinor Liberal Parties:§! [?GER_liberal_seats_r]
§YMinor Liberal Parties:§! [?GER_liberal_seats_r]
§SMinority Bloc:§! [?GER_polish_seats_r]
§PMinority Bloc:§! [?GER_polish_seats_r]
§YMinority Bloc:§! [?GER_polish_seats_r]
§SZentrum (Left):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_l]
§PZentrum (Left):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_l]
§YZentrum (Left):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_l]
§SZentrum (Centre):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_c]
§PZentrum (Centre):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_c]
§YZentrum (Centre):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_c]
§SZentrum (Right):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_r]
§PZentrum (Right):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_r]
§YZentrum (Right):§! [?GER_Zentrum_seats_r]
§SAgrarian Parties:§! [?GER_agrarian_seats_r]
§PAgrarian Parties:§! [?GER_agrarian_seats_r]
§YAgrarian Parties:§! [?GER_agrarian_seats_r]
§SDkP:§! [?GER_DkP_seats_r]
§PDkP:§! [?GER_DkP_seats_r]
§YDkP:§! [?GER_DkP_seats_r]
§SDVLP:§! [?GER_DVLP_seats_r]
§PDVLP:§! [?GER_DVLP_seats_r]
§YDVLP:§! [?GER_DVLP_seats_r]
§SFar-Right Parties:§! [?GER_farright_seats_r]
§PFar-Right Parties:§! [?GER_farright_seats_r]
§YFar-Right Parties:§! [?GER_farright_seats_r]
\n §LSchleicher-Block:§! [?GER_schleicher_seats_r]
*
The §YDkP§! faction in the Reichstag will join the §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
The §YZentrum (Right)§! faction in the Reichstag will join the §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
You will now be able to flag §G1§! more faction to protect it from conversion.
You may flag §G1§! additional faction this turn to protect it from conversion.\n\n§RThis is a centralising step, and it will affect the direction of your regime as well as its perception among the people.§!
\n§RThis will draw your regime closer to the right, and it will affect the direction of your regime as well as its perception among the people.§!
\n§RThis will draw your regime closer to the left, and it will affect the direction of your regime as well as its perception among the people.§!
§LSchleicher-Block§! faction is now §Yenabled§!.
20% of §nDVLP§! deputies, 10% of §SSPD§! deputies and 10% of §PDkP§! deputies will join the Schleicher-Block.
15% of §nDVLP§! deputies will join the Schleicher-Block.
This faction is not a member of §SDemokratische Union§! or §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
This faction has not already been flagged.
A total of §Y[?GER_max_faction_targets]§! factions may be flagged per turn.
[GERReichstagFaction] will be flagged as a protected faction - any DU or S-W-R attempts to convert it to their side this turn will §Yautomatically fail§!.
Target [GERReichstagFaction]
§YFar-Left Parties§!
§YSPD§!
§YLVP (Left)§!
§YLVP (Right)§!
§YGuelph Party§!
§YMinor Liberal Parties§!
§YMinority Bloc§!
§YZentrum (Left)§!
§YZentrum (Centre)§!
§YZentrum (Right)§!
§YAgrarian Parties§!
§YDkP§!
§YDVLP§!
§YFar-Right Parties§!
§PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! Activity
§SDemokratische Union§! Activity
§SDemokratische Union§! will make no actions this turn.
§PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! will make no actions this turn.
Taking this focus will freeze §SDemokratische Union§! from any actions in the Reichstag this turn.
Taking this focus will freeze §SDemokratische Union§! from any actions in the Reichstag for the next §Ytwo§! turns.
Taking this focus will freeze §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! from any actions in the Reichstag this turn.
Upon the expiration of the mission, one of the following actions will be chosen at random:
 - §YLVP (Left)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YLVP (Left)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YLVP (Right)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YLVP (Right)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YMinor Liberal Parties§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YMinor Liberal Parties§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YMinority Bloc§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YMinority Bloc§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Left)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Left)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Centre)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Centre)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Right)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YZentrum (Right)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YGuelph Party§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YGuelph Party§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YAgrarian Parties§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YAgrarian Parties§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §SDemokratische Union§!.
 - §YDkP§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YDkP§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YAgrarian Parties§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YAgrarian Parties§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Right)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Right)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YGuelph Party§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YGuelph Party§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Centre)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Centre)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YMinor Liberal Parties§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YMinor Liberal Parties§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Left)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YZentrum (Left)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YMinority Bloc§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YMinority Bloc§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YLVP (Right)§! will be §Gunsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
 - §YLVP (Right)§! will be §Rsuccessfully§! targeted by §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
If §Ytwo§! of Zentrum's three factions are aligned with §SDemokratische Union§! or §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§!, §Yall§! of Zentrum will become aligned with that faction. Otherwise, §Yall§! of Zentrum will become §Yunaligned§!.
Turning Zentrum §Yunaligned§! will have the following effects:\n - §YZentrum (Left)§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.\n - §YZentrum (Centre)§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.\n - §YZentrum (Right)§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.
If §YZentrum (Right)§! is aligned with a faction, it will turn §Yunaligned§!.\n§YZentrum (Right)§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.
If §YLVP (Right)§! is aligned with a faction, it will turn §Yunaligned§!.\n§YLVP (Right)§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.\nIf §YMinor Liberal Parties§! are aligned with a faction, it will turn §Yunaligned§!.\n§YMinor Liberal Parties§! will be protected from all targeting attempts this turn.
National Focuses on controlling Prussia are §Rdisabled.§!.
While Zentrum remains in a succession crisis, §Rno Zentrum factions can be protected from targeting attempts by opposition coalitions§!. Without clear leadership, the Zentrum parliamentarians can ignore the party whips and freely negotiate with the SPD or the far right for a better deal...
Zentrum is in a crisis of leadership.
The new chairman of Zentrum is §YFritz Schäffer§!, an authoritarian conservative from Bavaria, aligned with the §PSchwarz-Weiß-Rot§!.
The new chairman of Zentrum is §YCarl Ulitzka§!, a progressive prelate from Silesia, aligned with the §SDemokratische Union§!.
The new chairman of Zentrum is §YAdam Stegerwald§!, a trade union leader from the Rhineland, aligned with the §LSchleicher-Block§!.
The new chairman of Zentrum is §YHugo Mönnig§!, who is heading a compromise chancellorship that is §Yunaligned§!.
The new chairman of CVP is §YKonrad Adenauer§!, the long-time Mayor of Cologne.
§PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! will start a §Rvote of no confidence§!!
§SDemokratische Union§! will start a §Rvote of no confidence§!!
The Ruhrkampf is currently ongoing.
Ruhrkampf
Ruhrkampf
Prolonged Socialist Insurgency
§RMay not be targeted by any Industrial Projects decisions.§!
The Ruhrkampf
\nTensions in Germany since the Black Monday crisis, the suppression of the socialist movement and the instability in the central government have sparked a General Strike in the Ruhr, which threatens to expand to the entire nation if not contained. We must control the escalation of the Uprising and find a way to suppress the strike, whether via negotiation or with force.\n\nFor an authoritarian Reichskanzler such as Kurt von Schleicher, the Ruhrkampf also presents an opportunity - if he cannot control the Reichstag via parliamentary majority, he can subordinate it by gaining §Yextraordinary powers§! to deal with the insurgency. Perhaps, if the Ruhr uprising is kept active, not growing §Rtoo strong§! or §Rtoo weak§! until the end of the year, such an opportunity can present itself?\n\nThe Ruhr uprising is measured by §YIntensity§!, representing the radicalism of the uprising. The current intensity of the Ruhr uprising is §R[?GER_ruhrkampf_strength]§! of 100, and will increase by §R10§! every 25 days.\n
£pol_violence  Escalation of the Ruhrkampf
General strikes and street violence have broken out in the heavy industrial zone of the Ruhr, and threatens to spread across the country if not contained.
The current intensity of the Ruhr uprising is §R[?GER_ruhrkampf_strength]§! of 100, and will increase by §R10§! after each time this mission expires.
The intensity of the Ruhr uprising is §Greduced by $RIGHT|0$ points§!.
The intensity of the Ruhr uprising is §Rraised by $RIGHT|0$ points§!.
£pol_violence  Occupy §YEastern Rhineland§!!
£pol_violence  Enact the §YBrunswick§! Reichsexekution!
Curtail Distribution of Der Syndikalist
Der Syndikalist, the anarcho-syndicalist magazine aligned closely with the Ruhr chapters of the FAUD, has been responsible for the growth of the Ruhr strike by publishing dozens of articles calling for the workers to rise up, and its copies have been found proliferated even in the moderate Ruhr labour unions. Though we cannot stamp out its publication entirely, as they have plenty of experience working underground, we can curtail its spread with raids and police crackdowns.
Activate the Yellow Unions
Organised by the coaling magnates of the Ruhr, yellow unions, which resist any revolutionary activity and support the cooperation of worker and business owner, hold a presence, however meager, among the Rhenish proletariat. We must get them to spring into action and unleash a propaganda wave against the small circle of radicals who abuse the good will of the patriotic silent majority.
Establish Curfews
Establishing curfers in the provinces affected by the strike will ensure that dangerous radicals cannot organise and plan their terroristic actions during the night and thus curb their influence over the strike.
Arrest Labour Activists
Using charges, more or less based on reality, we can weed out the ranks of the strike organisers and break down the organisation of the general strike, leaving them easy pickings for us.
Selective Reforms
We can weaken the morale of the strikers by convincing some of the businesses affected by the strikes to propose and implement minor reforms - as we have learned in the past well, a twenty percent jump in wage and slightly less hazardous work conditions are a paltry cost compared to a revolution down the line.
Accidental Security Lapses
By suddenly, and let's say accidentally, withdrawing police from certain areas in Ruhr cities, we can bring dangerous socialist radicals out of the woodwork - which will leave them vulnerable to being registered and captured down the line.
Once we reduce the intensity of the Ruhr uprising to §Yzero points and have solidified our political direction,§! we can bring it to a close.
End the State of Emergency in the Rhineland
Once the events in the Ruhr have calmed down completely, we can end the state of emergency in the region, a sign that the labour struggle has concluded and we have nothing to fear from the workers any longer.
The effects of §YRuhrkampf§! on striking states will be §Greduced§!.
The effects of §YRuhrkampf§! on striking states will be §Rincreased§!.
§RBecause you were unable to contain the radicalism of Ruhrkampf within the medium, your government fell!§!
Revolution in Brunswick
Socialist Republic of Brunswick
Brunswicker
the Socialist Republic of Brunswick
The Ruhrkampf
Revolution in Brunswick
Germany Deports Syndicalists
Reinforced the Treaty of Metz
German-British Ambassador Crisis
Aftermath of the Ambassador Crisis
Daugava Standoff
£pol_violence  Escalation of the Economic Crash
Every 10 days, the effects of the economic crisis triggered by the Black Monday market crash will escalate, until it finally reaches §Rthe lowest plateau§!.
Industrial Projects
\nThe Black Monday crisis and the rearmament of the syndicalist powers require us to enact deeper intervention in the Imperial economy. We must make sure the machines of war are turning, develop a vast industrial base to give labour to the people and guns to the Heer, and arrive to the Second Weltkrieg prepared for anything that may come.\n
Completing this decision will reduce the §YEconomic Decline§! and §YStagnation§! scores of the Crisis §Gby 100 points§!.
Infrastructure Development in [FROM.GetName]
Modern trucks, cars and other vehicles become more and more proliferous on the roads, and require modern asphalt roads to make journeys between cities smooth, swift and safe. A large network of Autobahns will not only be appreciated by the civilian population, but will also make it easier to move large quantities of military vehicles across the country in wartime - and will also employ hundreds, if not thousands of unemployed in long menial labour digging ditches and carrying cement.
Reichswerke - [FROM.GetName]
The National Defence State requires a strong industrial base, and all of its efforts must go towards the needs of the military - we shall establish new state owned arms industries in [FROM.GetName] to fulfil this goal.
Housing Expansion in [FROM.GetName]
Packing workers into railway cars and basements like sardines is not acceptable for the German welfare state. We must pursue mass expansion of affordable housing for the working class in [FROM.GetName] - a project which will not only improve the standard of living, but also allow the further growth of our cities.
Take Over Gelsenkirchener Bergwerks-AG
Established in Essen, Gelsenkirchener Bergwerks-AG is one of the largest coal mining companies in the German Empire, and it spent the interwar period acquiring a larger and larger share of the market through acquisitions of their competitors, often financed through various loans. Now, its owner, Friedrich Flick, is faced with the cost of his overambitious investments - a failing enterprise and massive due loans weighing down the entire conglomerate. As he is looking for someone to buy his stocks off him, we have the opportunity to step in and purchase a controlling share in GBAG, effectively giving the state control over much of German coal industry.
Create Vereinigte Stahlwerke
The Ruhr is home to numerous iron, steel and coal companies which healthily competed during the economic boom of the twenties and thirties, but the new economic crisis means that they all are rapidly falling to the rut. We have the opportunity to orchestrate an enormous merger of all of these enterprises into one, the United Steel Works, and so place much of the industrial capacity in the Ruhr under one, massive, friendly corporation.
Merge Heidelberg Cement and Portland-Zement Spohn AG
Heidelberg and the Spohn family company are the two leading cement producing companies in Baden, and during the post-Weltkrieg period, they increasingly gravitated towards one another. It is time for the government to aid these two companies take the next step, and start integrating into a massive cement industry cartel which will be able to fulfil any military-industrial contracts with ease.
Commission Creation of Ersatz Coca-Cola
The American Civil War has made it impossible for the German branch of Coca-Cola to safely import Coca-Cola syrup from the United States, and the beginning of the Second Weltkrieg has isolated the company from easy to access overseas alternatives to the syrup. To keep up wartime morale and create a drink which will make the lives of German citizens sweeter at a time when sugar is heavily rationed, we shall commission the German branch of Coca-Cola to create an ersatz drink produced from ingredients available in Germany, even the leftovers of leftovers.
Industrial Application of the Bergius Process
Created by Nobel Prize winner Friedrich Bergius, the Bergius process is a method of production of liquid hydrocarbons by applying high temperature and pressure to bituminous coal. This is a costly, but self-sufficient way of creating fuel from coal, and though it has generally been deemed not very cost efficient by our chemical industry, our national defence needs take precedence. Our precarious geopolitical situation means that no matter how much oil we extract from across the world, these sources may be cut off by Internationale fleets - so, we need emergency domestic oil production to keep the machine going.
Support Rayon Production
Rayon is a semi-synthetic fiber made of regenerated cellulose. It is used for a wide range of fabrics, from household textiles to uniforms and ropes. Historically, Germany has been a leader in the production of rayon, and it is the home of the Bemberg process, which creates unusually fine and non-flammable artificial fiber, useful for a number of applications, even parachute silk. More importantly, it can be produced with wood pulp alone, and can thus make us independent of expensive silk and cotton imports from overseas and from the colonies.
Complete the Mittelland Canal
The Mittelland Canal began construction in 1906 and is an ambitious project to connect the largest waterways of the country and create a direct shipping route from the Rhineland to Berlin. Before and after the war, its construction slowly went from the Dortmund-Ems Canal, to Sehnde, then Peine, then Braunschweig. Now, the final link remains - Magdeburg, where the Mittelland Canal will connect to the Elbe-Havel Canal and so the Elbe river. This shall require thousands of workers and lots, lots of intense manual labour, but once complete, it will become a massive boon to German internal trade.
Complete the Lehnmühle Dam
Consistent floods in the eastern Ore Mountains and growing need for a local source of electricity have gotten the Saxon government to begin constructing dams on the Kingdom's most notable rivers. The Malter Dam and the Klingenberg Dam were completed before the Weltkrieg, and the beginning of the economic crisis caused by the Black Monday crash have renewed plans to dam the Wilde Weißeritz river as well. Massive slabs of gneiss from Saxon quarries need to be carried and brought to the construction site and new roads need to be built to route around the expected dam reservoir, and both of these tasks shall be completed with the labour of thousands of German unemployed workers.
Peat Extraction in the Northern Moorlands
North Germany is home to numerous bogs, marshes and moors which have been a headache to the local inhabitants for centuries. They have since been colonised and inhabited, however, and through this colonisation, we have learned about their economic potential. Moorlands are a great source of peat, a low quality substitute for coal or wood, which can be dug from the ground and used as supplementary fuel by local industries and private homes. The Imperial government shall establish a peat mining company in Mecklenburg, partially owned by the state and partially by the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, and recruit hundreds of unemployed to extract peat across the region.
Expand Hydroelectric Power in the Alps
The Alpine regions are home to numerous fast flowing rivers with untapped potential for electricity generation. Hydroelectric dams, large and small alike, have already been constructed in Bavaria and Baden, but further Imperial support can ensure that this industry grows even greater than before. In addition, dam construction is a very labour intensive process, one which we can employ many unemployed workers so they can make a living.
Finance Opelwerk Brandenburg
Opel, one of Germany's most important car manufacturers, has expanded steadily throughout the 1920s and 1930s, having pioneered innovative mass production technologies which allowed it to hold more than 25% of the domestic passenger car market since 1928. The company has continued expanding even after the Black Monday crisis, and seeks to establish a new production site in Brandenburg, near Berlin. Should we provide this initiative support, we will gain an ally in the automotive sector which promises to produce thousands of trucks for the future war effort.
Orchestrate Formation of Auto Union AG
During the 1920s, Danish engineer Jørgen Skafte Rasmussen significantly expanded his influence in the German automotive sector, starting with his acquisition of a majority share in Audiwerk AG, commonly known as just Audi, followed by several smaller automotive enterprises across Saxony. However, the economic crisis following Black Monday dealt a serious blow to his empire and he has been forced to surrender much of his assets to other investors and banks. Here, however, we have the opportunity to intervene - if we reorganise and merge all of Rasmussen's holdings into one conglomerate, we will inject rationalisation and efficiency into the Saxon automotive industry. Let us call this conglomerate \
Vehicle Contracts for BMW-Fahrzeugfabrik Eisenach
Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Bavarian engine manufacturer which made a living from producing aircraft and motorcycle engines during the 1920s and 1930s. Through some clever purchases, however, they acquired Fahrzeugfabrik Eisenach AG, an automobile production plant in Thuringia, and have begun delving into passenger car production. Their first attempts have not been very successful - if we provide BMW with beneficial contracts, however, we can foster their development as an independent vehicle manufacturer, and so put their resources to use in wartime.
Support Felke-Möbelwerke and Thonet
Felke-Möbelwerke and Thonet are two of Germany's largest furniture companies, and each employ over a thousand workers for the production of various carpentry, such as the famous No. 14 chair, also known as the Bistro Chair, which no cafe in Europe can do without. Their importance during wartime cannot be understated, either - furniture factories can easily switch to the production of bunk beds, boxes and other military materiel. Providing these two companies with additional government contracts will establish cooperation between them and the government, and allow their wartime potential to be put to use.
Subsidise Beer Breweries
Beer is an important part of German culture and remains an important industry to this day. It was here that the Reinheitsgebot, the first beer production safety regulations in Europe, was promulgated in 1516 and influences beer production standards in the German Empire to this day. While the beer market is weaker in northern Germany, it is more centralised under several prominent brands, while the south, especially Bavaria, is home to a vast world of small breweries that cater to the local population. Through cooperation with the German Brewers' Association, we can target state support towards productive and high quality establishments, and ensure that the beer brewing industry grows unimpeded.
Develop the Rheinhessen Wine Region
France and the Mediterranean may claim to be the home of European wines, but southern Germany has also traditionally produced famous, high quality wines for domestic and foreign consumption. Rheinhessen is the largest of the 16 German Weinanbaugebiete (wine regions), lies on the left bank of the Rhine, and is renown for Liebfraumilch, a semi-sweet white wine. Considerable investment into these wine producers and the opening of the German wine market for extensive exports - though also with the assurance that the good name of German wines will not be sullied by cheaply produced mass alternatives - will ensure the rapid growth of the German wine industry.
Guarantee Tobacco Supply for Cigarette Industry
The German tobacco industry is consolidated under several conglomerates such as Reemtsma and Batschari, and while this vice remains as popular as ever, the profits of the companies providing it are not as considerable. Poor tobacco harvests in Turkey and other tobacco-growing regions as well as rising taxes have severely dented the revenues of the cigarette producers. As this industry is also an important taxpayer, we must ensure it survives by reducing tariffs on tobacco leaves and scaling down anti-smoking campaigns.
Contracts for Glasfabrik Lamberts
The so-called Glashütte, established in the Fichtelgebirge by Laurenz Lamberts in the late 19th century, is one of the most important glass producers in the German Empire due to its universality - its grounds are able to produce profile, ornamental, wired and antimony-free solar glass, and it relies upon local resources rather than importing it from overseas. Providing this company with government contracts will establish a beneficial relationship and allow us to foster military grade glass production - precise craftsmanship which can be used in weaponry, planes and aircraft.
Commission Volkswohnung Apartments
Even before the Industrial Revolution, Germany was relatively urbanised compared to the rest of Europe, and this process accelerated greatly after the foundation of the Empire - between 1871 and 1910, the percentage of rural population in Germany decreased from 64 percent to 40 percent. This process has continued since the Weltkrieg, as greater job opportunities and the agricultural crisis in East Elbia have pushed many to move from villages and towns to urban heartlands in the north and west. The Rhineland, Saxony, Berlin and the northern coastal cities such as Hamburg and Kiel are the main recipients of this migration. However, urbanisation requires expansion of housing and living space that private enterprise cannot yet provide. The state must establish social housing construction authorities which will develop large, suburban apartment blocks that can house hundreds of families each.
Commission Production of the Volkstraktor
The \
Commission Production of the Volkskühlschrank
The \
Develop State-Owned Automobile Factories
The Ford T has shown the demand for automobiles among the people — in two decades, the car has become indispensable for even the average American. German manufacturers have attempted creating their own \
Expand Westfalenhütte
Established by Hoesch AG in 1871, the Westfalenhütte northeast of Dortmund is one of the largest industrial sites in western Germany, employing thousands of workers in heavy industries. The tall chimneys of its numerous steel furnaces, seen from afar, are a symbol of the industrialisation of the Rhineland, the powerhouse of the German economy it has become, and the importance of heavy industry to all of Germany, if not Europe. It still has room for improvement, however. Additional investments in the site will allow us to make room for additional factories, and the establishment of a train station for the site will allow production to come in and out much more efficiently.
Establish the Dortmund Rolled Steel Association
The Ruhr is home to numerous steel producers and a myriad of steel processing plants - while competition between them is healthy for the market, they also need to be able to cooperate, be it for common production standards or for shared military production quotas. The Walzstahlhaus in Düsseldorf will become the home of the Rolled Steel Producers' Association of Germany, and it will become of the greater Stahlwerksverband, a cartel of industrialists which controls the steel market in Germany. This will ensure that civilians and the military will have access to plentiful high quality rolled steel.
Establish Bosch Trillke-Werke GmbH
Based in Stuttgart, Bosch AG is the leading producer of electric appliances and engines in Germany, and expanded greatly during the 1920s and 1930s through strategic acquisitions and diversification of its production. It is also no stranger to military contracts - already, Bosch provides the Heer with crucial equipment such as injection pumps, starters, and magneto igniters. Plants which will be geared towards production of armaments for the army will thus be a natural development for them. We have been introduced to a plan to establish a state financed Bosch industrial plant away from the French border, in Hildesheim, which will solely produce armaments and appliances for military needs - and, of course, employ hundreds of workers relieved during the crisis as well - let us give Robert Bosch the green light for this project.
Deutsche Reichsbahn
\nThe railways of the German Empire were traditionally owned by the states. Each state large enough to own its own rail service would also have its own rail company, which set its own fares and maintained its own stock. Since Otto von Bismarck's failure to establish a state rail company in 1875, the Royal Prussian Railways continued his dream of centralisation through a more careful path, purchasing the smaller rail companies and coordinating them with Berlin. Now, we have completed this goal and can establish the Deutsche Reichsbahn - and bring unsurpassed rationalisation to the infrastructure system.\n
This §Yupgrade§! to the idea will last for 90 days, after which the old idea will be restored, unless we pass more decisions to lengthen the effect.
Absorb the Royal Saxon State Railways
Absorb the Royal Bavarian State Railways
Absorb the Badener and Württemberger Rails
Integrate the State Railway Wagon Association
Hold a Summit for Peace
If we believe that the next great European war is too near while we aren't yet prepared, we can host a summit with ambassadors from hostile states to ease tensions somewhat.
Germany Holds a Summit for Peace
Establish the Indochina Intervention Force
Negotiate with Lenders in [FROM.GetNameDef]
[GERDebtNegotiations]
Vienna and her Empire are without a doubt our largest trading partner in Europe. Having been impacted almost as badly by the economic crisis as we have, it would be within our mutual interests to sit down and discuss how to restructure any outstanding debts so that trade can continue flowing.
Although a small nation, the Swiss possess substantial reserves of gold and hard currencies from across the globe. In spite of their geopolitical position, they know just as well as we do that if our economy were to fail, a large amount of their capital would become worthless. It is with this knowledge that we shall sit down with their creditors, allowing us to restructure our debts into something more manageable.
Owing to their holdings in Asia as well as their advanced port infrastructure, the Netherlands remain a wealthy nation which we share strong trade ties to. With an emphasis on weathering this financial turmoil together and furthering economic cooperation, we shall sit down and discuss new terms with Dutch lenders.
Albeit a remnant of the former British Empire, Canada still possesses significant financial capital. Much of this wealth hails from wealthy exiles, many of whom had substantial holdings in our economy prior to its crash. Sending our financers to Ottawa to hash out new repayment terms could serve as a first step towards thawing relations, as well as securing potential cooperation in the future.
In the aftermath of Black Monday, the financial dominance we held over Russia has been dramatically weakened. Through the mass sale and foreclosure of bankrupt businesses to the forced nationalisation schemes of the Vozhd, a large amount of economic influence was wiped out overnight. In spite of this, much to Moscow's lament, we still hold a significant stake in their economy - at least for the time being. With this in mind, we should act with urgency to recover as much of our assets and capital as we can before it is too late.
Relations with Japan remain tense, even more so now that Black Monday has weakened our once seemingly unchallengeable grip in East Asia. Regardless of this, the Zaibatsu had still invested in several ventures and holdings outside of Manchuria in the ensuing years of the Weltkrieg. These included industries owned by AOG as well as resources in Indochina and Malaya. For the time being Tokyo still needs to trade with us, something both sides are painfully aware of. As such, we shall send our diplomats abroad with the unenviable task of negotiating with Japanese investors for the sake of our own economic preservation.
Although Australasia does not trade much with Germany directly by virtue of its location on the other side of the globe, it does with our various colonial holdings in East Asia. Even if relations between our two nations are chilly, there are a lot of wealthy investors that fled there after the fall of the British Empire, it would be unwise for us to overlook them. As a result, telegrams should be sent to Canberra to settle any existing debts.
The wealthiest of the Scandinavian nations, Sweden was an essential trading partner during the Weltkrieg and following years of prosperity for its iron ore and coke. With the ensuing chaos of Black Monday, many investors on both sides of our nations have been left in a state of uncertainty. A delegation to Stockholm to negotiate new credit limits would be mutually beneficial in ensuring the continued flow of financial capital between our two economies.
If we have established a good relationship with the government of [FROM.GetName], we can reach out to private lenders in that country, such as banks and funds, to restructure our debt obligations and allow us to pay them back another time.
Form the \
We can apply the expertise we gained from the German military mission in Austria to form a veteran armoured division for the K.u.K. Army.
Form the \
We can apply the expertise we gained from the German military mission in Austria to form a veteran infantry division for the K.u.K. Army.
£manpower_icon  §H11000§! £rifle_texticon §H2000§!
£manpower_icon  §R1000§! £rifle_texticon §R2000§!
It costs $GER_11000_mp_2000_eq_blocked$ to take this decision
If [GER.GetNameWithFlag] is AI controlled, it will send volunteers to your current wars!
If [GER.GetNameWithFlag] is AI controlled, it will send volunteers to your current wars!\n\nWarning: accepting the German volunteers in our war against Russia will increase the §YHold Out Against Russia§! mission timer.
Align Azerbaijan
The time has come for us to acquire the biggest prize in the Middle East, the oil of Azerbaijan. If we arrange a meeting with senior Azerbaijani diplomats in Baku, we may be able to come to terms with them. By guaranteeing their independence they might just be willing to come under our suzerainty without a fight.
Settling Disputes with the Ottoman Empire
The German and Ottoman Empires have had ups and downs in their relationship, but now that stability in the Middle East has been achieved yet again, it is finally time to put an end to this neutrality and include Constantinople in the European order.
Pact with Greece
The Greeks fought against us in the Weltkrieg and attacked our former Bulgarian allies not that long ago, but we can put all that aside if it means a strong ally in the Mediterranean.
Align Georgia
The Georgian state was established in the aftermath of the Weltkrieg with our generous recognition, and they should pay dividends for this grace by aligning closer to us.
Pact with Iran
The Iranian state is closely aligned with us and seeks to regain its territory in the former Russian Empire - sending an envoy to them will allow us to negotiate on their inclusion into the Reichspakt, opening an another front behind the backs of the Russians.
Pact with Afghanistan
Amanullah Khan, Emir of Afghanistan, is a well known Germanophile and is interested in joining forces with us. A diplomatic mission to Kabul may convince him to join forces with us and send his forces to raid the Russian frontier!
Press Claims on Malta
Now that we have gone to war with the Entente again, we can stake a claim upon the important naval base of Malta - a midway point between the Empire and its colonies in Asia, it is a strategically important base which must fall under our control.
Base in Cyprus
Though we now control both Malta and Suez, we can take additional island bases to truly consolidate our rule over the Mediterranean. Cyprus will serve as fine a base holding, if we can capture it.
Base in Crete
Though we now control both Malta and Suez, we can take additional island bases to truly consolidate our rule over the Mediterranean. Crete will serve as fine base a holding, if we can capture it.
Press Claims on St. Helena
The British Atlantic islands, St. Helena and Ascension, remained under the control of the syndicalists in the aftermath of their civil war, and pose a threat to our interests in Africa. As open conflict with Britain draws near, we must state our intent to seize these islands after the Second Weltkrieg.
Alliance with the Two Sicilies
The Two Sicilies, ruled by the Bourbons, are perhaps the only faction in the Italian conflict aligned with the Reichspakt. We should align them to our cause and establish a strong foothold in the Mediterranean.
Break Open the Gibraltar Straits
The straits of Gibraltar are currently occupied by a hostile power - it is time for the Empire to flex its might in Southern Europe and invade Spain to break these waters open and secure a safe southern flank for German Europe.
Alliance with Burma
The Republic of Burma is a small post-British statelet in conflict with Siam - thanks to Siam's pro-Japanese stance, we can take advantage of this and align Burma towards the Reichspakt.
[PRF.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]-Berlin Pact
The Indian subcontinent has been united under the southern Princes, a conservative regime aligned with neither Entente or the Third Internationale. The threat which Japan and socialism cause to India makes them a prime target for an alliance - and, we can offer our islands in the Indian Ocean to sweeten the deal to the Princes.
Claim Siamese East Asia
Now that our relations with Siam have turned to open hostility, we can stake our claims upon the former French and British colonies which were seized by Bangkok in the aftermath of the Weltkrieg, including their lucrative rubber plantations.
Kurland-Stellung
The construction of the Ostwall continues - let us extend it into [FROM.GetNameDef] and protect it from Russian incursion.
Weißruthenien-Stellung
The construction of the Ostwall continues - let us extend it into [FROM.GetNameDef] and protect it from Russian incursion.
Kiew-Tscherkassy-Stellung
The construction of the Ostwall continues - let us extend it into Northern Ukraine and protect it from Russian incursion.
Cherson-Jekaterinoslaw-Stellung
The construction of the Ostwall continues - let us extend it into Southern Ukraine and protect it from Russian incursion.
Align Finland
The Finnish state was established with German arms at the end of the Weltkrieg, but the Finns have not been grateful enough to us, and have distanced ourselves away from our sphere. This cannot last - and now that Finland is threatened and friendly again, they can once again come to our fold.
Protect Mexico
The Mexicans, having recently freed themselves from syndicalist shackles, are under threat from the new far-left regime in the former United States. We shall bravely stand with our Mexican brothers and bring them into the fold of the German sphere.
Alliance with Brazil
Brazil is the juggernaut of South America and is a natural ally against the growing threat of syndicalism in the Southern Cone. Should we align it to our side, we will be able to contain this threat and open a new front in the Second Weltkrieg - against the Argentines.
Align [FROM.GetNameDef]
The Argentine socialist threat can be felt across all of South America - as responsible defenders of the natural order against the revolution, we must form a front against this tide, and stop the Socialists in the Southern Cone!
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Syndicalist States in Europe§!
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Authoritarian Monarchies and National Populists in Europe§!
Regime Change in the Baltics
The Baltics have gone out of line. We must make a firm push to remove this authoritarian regime and establish a more tolerable government in Riga.
Annex Riga
With our formal annexation of the Baltic lands surrounding the city state of Riga, it is about time we finally declare Riga as a formal part of the German Empire.
Regime Change in Ukraine
Ukraine has drifted away from us for too long. We should realign them back towards out interests.
Regime Change in Poland
Poland will be persuaded to reform their government to our liking. We will not tolerate mavericks on our doorstep.
Regime Change in [BLR.GetNameDef]
White Ruthenia, a small nation in a critical location, cannot be allowed to destabilise the region through radical governance.
Regime Change in [LIT.GetNameDef]
The Lithuanian government has operated too freely without our oversight. It is time to rectify this mistake.
Regime Change in [EST.GetNameDef]
The radical government in Estonia is out of line, and needs to be informed of who we can and can't support.
Intervene in the Balkan Wars
War has once again consumed the Balkans, instigated by the Serbs. We must teach this uppity Slavic state a lesson and bring a permanent peace to the so-called powderkeg.
Align Yugoslavia
For the sake of a permanent peace in Europe, we must seek accommodation with Belgrade - though they waged war against our Austrian brethren, they have established a stable and fairly powerful state which we should bring to our side.
Align Albania
The small Albanian republic was a close partner of Austria and Bulgaria and so should naturally align with us. This will strengthen our control in the Balkan region.
Align Romania
The Kingdom of Romania was our enemy in the past, but their defeat in the Balkan Wars has tempered their ambitions and the downfall of their Legionary government makes it possible to bring them into our fold.
Challenge Control of the Suez Canal
[753.owner.GetNameDefCap] controls the Suez Canal, a key transport artery which connects Europe with our colonies in Africa and East Asia. They are not aligned with us, so we must threaten them into giving up the Canal or face destruction.\n\n§RThe massive importance of the Suez Canal means that foreign great powers might intervene in our operation, tread carefully.§!
Align Montenegro
The small Montenegrin state was freed by Bulgaria during the Balkan Wars, and as a result it is a natural ally of Sofia and by extension us. We should send them an invitation to align with our bloc.
Align Ethiopia
The Ethiopian monarchy has been aligned with us for the past two decades, and now that they have dealt with the Somali tribes, we can now safely bring them into the fold.
Demand Control of Kirkuk Oil Fields
[349.owner.GetNameDefCap] controls large reserves of oil in Kirkuk - the fuel of the future, crucial for our growing industries. Let us do some enhanced diplomacy and get their government to peacefully concede control of these extraction sites to our corporations.
Demand Control of Khuzestan Oil Fields
[413.owner.GetNameDefCap] controls large reserves of oil in Khuzestan - the fuel of the future, crucial for our growing industries. Let us do some enhanced diplomacy and get their government to peacefully concede control of these extraction sites to our corporations.
Accelerate Collapse of French Africa
The French exiles in Algiers remain a thorn at our side and seek to challenge our dominance in the West. Though it might be a little risky, we can use their instability against them and support African resistance groups which could break the power of these exiles without us lifting a finger.
Overthrow the Kadroist Regime
Turkey has been taken over by a regime of radical Kemalists, the Kadro movement, which is extremist and worryingly influenced by socialist ideas. It would be better for the stability of the Middle East to snuff out this regime and place a more tolerable puppet government in power in Constantinople.
Align Iraq
The Iraqi state is perhaps the most friendly with Berlin in the Middle East, led by former Ottoman officers trained in our standards. We should extend Baghdad an invitation to the Reichspakt to consolidate these ties.
Sino-German Cooperation Agreement
China has finally been reunified after years of conflict and struggle, and the reunification was championed by a faction friendly to us. We should extend a hand of cooperation to them and ensure that China remains a friendly environment to our business.
Strike Indochina
The socialist revolution in Indochina is a threat to our interests in East Asia. We must snuff it out before it causes our colonies to fall to anti-colonial revolutions like dominos.
Control the Economy of [FROM.GetNameDef]
We should establish a full-time trade and investment department in the capital of [FROM.GetNameDef] to facilitate the influx of German investment into it. Their low-cost workforce will offer our industries plenty of advantages and we will expand our control over their economy.
Growing German Economic Control
Large scale German investment in our country is outcompeting local production and siphoning our resources to Germany.
The struggle over Bavarian Nullification begins. Every 7 days, you will receive information on each German §Hmember state§! and make actions to align them.\nSee the £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! tab, the §HNullification Crisis§! Category for further instructions.
Bavarian Nullification Crisis
\nThe centralising moves of Reichskanzler Kurt von Schleicher have forced out a strong reaction from the German states, led by Bavaria, who seek to defend their constitutional rights and autonomy against ever encroaching authoritarianism. Lacking any other options, the government of Bavaria has declared a nullification of federal law in Bavaria, creating an unprecedented crisis. Schleicher's solution to this potentially illegal act is a Reichsexekution on Bavaria and an amendment to the Enabling Act, allowing the government to intervene in member states to establish State Commissars if said state does not follow the terms of the act. However, all of this requires approval by the Bundesrat - and whether Schleicher is able to convince a majority of the delegates in the chamber to follow his will will determine whether his government survives, and whether democracy in Germany does.\n\nThere are §H63§! votes in the §HBundesrat§! of the German Empire. §H32§! votes are required for a majority.\n\n§HThe Reichsexekution§! starts out with §HPrussia§! and §HWaldeck-Pyrmont§! voting in favour. It currently has §H[?GER_schleicher_br_votes]§! votes.\n§HThe Nullification§! starts out with §HBavaria§! voting in favour. They currently have §H[?GER_bavaria_br_votes]§! votes.\n
The state's votes will be cast in favour of §Hthe Reichsexekution§!.
The state's votes will be cast in favour of §Hthe Nullification§!.
§H[GRU.GetNameDefCap]§! is worth [?GER_current_votes] Bundesrat votes.
We will spend Political Power to fight for this state's votes. The state's choice to cast their votes is affected by:\n
§RTaking this event option will lead to our defeat!§!
Baden
Baden
the Grand Duchy of Baden
Württemberg
Württemberg
the Kingdom of Württemberg
Alsace-Lorraine
Alsace-Lorraine
the Grand Duchy of Alsace-Lorraine
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
Hesse
Hesse
the Grand Duchy of Hesse
Central Circle
Central Circle
the Central Circle
Hanseatic Circle
Hanseatic Circle
the Hanseatic Circle
Mecklenburg and Oldenburg
Mecklenburg and Oldenburg
the Grand Duchies of Mecklenburg-Strelitz, Mecklenburg-Schwerin and Oldenburg
Saxony
Saxony
the Kingdom of Saxony
Brunswick
Brunswick
the Duchy of Brunswick
Thuringian Circle
Thuringian Circle
the left-wing states of the Thuringian Circle
Thuringian Circle
Thuringian Circle
the right-wing states of the Thuringian Circle
 - our decision to §Hform an alliance with industry§! via the §HSchleicher-Thyssen Pact§!
 - our decision to §Hform an alliance with industry§! via the §HSchleicher-Thyssen Pact§!, despised by socialists
 - our decision to §Hinfluence the Zentrum ranks§! through §Ha pact with Franz von Papen§!
 - the election of a §Hhostile Chairman in Zentrum§!, influencing Zentrum deputies
 - our §Hpolicy of cooperation§!, appointing a Vice-Chancellor from the Reichstag and letting the Prussian government operate
 - our §Haggressive centralisation policy§!, attempting to leave the Vice-Chancellor post vacant and take control of the Prussian government
 - our attempt to further this centralisation by establishing the §HNational Unity Front§!
 - our welcome formation of the §HNational Unity Front§! to bring stability
 -  our formation of the §HNational Unity Front§!, despised by socialists
 - our §Hmilitary oversight of state governments§! through liaisons from the Heer
 - our §Hnationalisation of Prussian Secret Police§! to harass our enemies in state governments
 - our §Hcooperation with the SPD§! in Prussia and appointing §HAugust Winnig§! as the Vice-Chancellor, appeasing Social Democrat deputies
 - our §Hcooperation with the SPD§! in Prussia and appointing §HAugust Winnig§! as the Vice-Chancellor, frightening the Conservatives
 - our §Hcooperation with the DVLP§! in Prussia and appointing §HTilo von Wilmowsky§! as the Vice-Chancellor, appeasing the Conservatives
 - our successful management of the §HBrunswick Reichsexekution§!
 - our pitiful management of the §HBrunswick Reichsexekution§!, leading to large numbers of casualties
 - the passing of the §HMaulkuerfgesetz§! and the formation of an §Hauthoritarian regime§! in Luxembourg thanks to Schleicher's support
The Regime of the Red General
\nThe impasse in the Reichstag has been solved. The economy is once again on the right track. The German people and its elite, previously ambivalent towards the Reichskanzler or suspicious of his intentions, are starting to recognise his brilliance. Yet, his work does not stop here. The emergency which he was elected to resolve is not yet resolved - but it is an emergency in the German soul, their preparedness for the inevitable Second Weltkrieg, and their necessity for a national revival. There is much to be done.\n\nPolicies implemented through §Hdecisions§! and §Hfoci§!, as well as §Hevent§! choices, will formulate the perception of the Schleicher Regime - is he a §Hreactionary autocrat§!, a §Hpragmatic authoritarian§! or a §H'Deutscher Sozialist'§!? Leaning to a specific direction may leave certain actions no longer accessible, but at the same time unlock new, more powerful ones.\n
Currently, the world sees Kurt von Schleicher as [GERRedGeneralIdeology] ([?GER_schleicher_ideology]).
a §Preactionary autocrat§!.
a §Lpragmatic authoritarian§!.
a §S'Deutscher Sozialist'§!.
Pass Populist Policies
Subsidies for basic foodstuffs for poor people, public support for unemployed, war veterans and welfare recipients to buy fuel and food during the winter months, public works projects - these are the slabs of red meat thrown to the people to build up support for the New State.
Walk the Clubs
Conservative, high-class German society is organised into a plethora of clubs and associations, each one a forum to discuss the political matters of the day. The Reichskanzler is a natural fit here, being a noble and a smooth talker. Let him and his... beloved wife Elizabeth attend the balls, clubs and gatherings and collect favours from our blue-blooded elite.
Walther Schotte - The New State
Disappointed by the months-long crisis in the Dirksen Cabinet, national conservative writer Walther Schotte published the influential treatise 'The New State' (Der Neue Staat) in 1934. There, he expresses his frustrations with the parliamentarisation of the Empire which has happened since the March Constitution and expresses his yearning for a New State which goes against partisanship, rather than surrenders to it. The New State must completely eliminate the parliament as a governing body, abolish the particularist German states, and overcome 'the mechanistic, liberalist thinking of an entire century'. Our regime will not be as radical as this treatise demands, but it nonetheless offers some interesting ideas.
Secretariat of Propaganda
A notable 'new conservative' publisher and author, Heinrich von Gleichen-Rußwurm has been one of the drummers for an authoritarian solution to the German Empire. Well before Schleicher, he promoted a so-called 'solidarian' alliance of unions and parties which transcends any ideological boundaries, and his conservative vision is a good fit for our regime. We shall appoint him as the Secretary of the newly established Secretariat of Propaganda and use his contacts to promote our vision of national revival.
Establish the Secret Police Office
Now that we have put the Prussian Secret Police under federal supervision, we can advance the centralisation of the police system further. Let us also take control of the other police agencies of Prussia and unify them under the aegis of a singular Secret Police Office (Geheimes Polizeiamt), which will be responsible for the investigation, tracking and persecution of enemies of the German state and its people. Ferdinand von Bredow is willing to take command of this force, and he will loyally fulfil the Reichskanzler's will.
Embrace the Tat Circle
Led by Hans Zehrer, the Tat Circle (Tatkreis) is one of the most influential nationalist public pressure groups, behind the influential conservative revolutionary journal Die Tat. There is hardly a better choice for an ally who will propagandize our vision of the New State.
Leisure for the Workers
An interesting idea on improving the workers' quality of life without high expenditure has been proposed by government ministers - a state sponsored leisure, tourism and physical activities program. A fleet of cruise ships would offer inexpensive voyages to members of the Gewerkschaftsbund, and newly established state organisations would provide the workers access to sports which were previously limited only to the wealthy - such as skiing, tennis and lengthy excursions. Of course, we will also use this to award the most loyal workers with amenities, and we'll also avoid having to raise salaries and thus cut into military spending.
Imperial Curatorium for Youth Fitness
A stronger, renewed Empire requires strong, healthy youth. Alongside the Wehrsport, we will establish the Imperial Curatorium for Youth Fitness (Reichskuratorium für Jugendertüchtigung), a mandatory state sponsored military training course for all teenagers and young adolescents, chaired by General Edwin von Stülpnagel. Twenty schools will be established for three-week standard courses and numerous special courses, where our youth will be taught the basics of combat and also be instilled with patriotic virtues.
Take Over the Kyffhäuserbund
The Kyffhäuser League (Kyffhäuserbund) is the largest veteran organisation in Germany, and it is sympathetic to our cause, often allowing the Reichskanzler to make speeches to its many veterans. We shall fully coordinate it to our regime by putting a loyal leadership in power and then merge it into the Wehrsport.
Allow Women's Suffrage at the Local Level
Though women are too frail and emotional to be given a voice equal to men on the federal level, they are nonetheless very involved in local concerns and often emerge to become important community leaders. To appease the women's rights movement, let us allow them to vote in cities, regional parliaments and in the German states.
Create the Reichsfrauenbund
Despite what the socialists believe, many German women are highly religious and conservative, and they yearn a nationalist alternative to the liberal and socialist women's associations. We shall unite evangelical and housewife associations into an Imperial Women's League (Reichsfrauenbund), connected to our government. It shall outline four goals for the German women: to guard and cultivate the German race; to repress immorality in families and among children; to fight for the interests and rights of housewives, married women and mothers; to support the militarist, nationalist spirit of Germany and instill a sense of community among the German women. Alternative organisations will be subsumed or banned.
Promote the Association of National Jews
Founded in 1921 and led by Max Naumann, the Association of German National Jews is conservative, nationalist, and promoted the complete self-assimilation of German Jews into the German population. They are opposed to Zionism, demand the expulsion of 'inferior' East European Jews, loudly oppose the democratic system and once attempted, without success, to be affiliated with the DVLP. They are a perfect ally for us. Let us promote this organisation as opposed to the socialist Jewish groups and the liberal Centralverein, whom we shall repress.
Align the Völkisch Organisations
A myriad of organisations associated with the Völkisch movement have sprung up in the Empire since the 1890s - they promote extreme nationalism and pan-Germanism, racial hygiene and antisemitism. Though they are somewhat sceptical of Schleicher's 'pseudo-leftist' policies, they could be aligned to our cause as long as we promise to implement some of their promoted policies.
Absorb the ASPD
The Old Social Democratic Party, unlike their intransigent peers, represent a cooperative, positive socialism which is a great fit for our regime. Let us further grow this party and form an official coalition with them in the Reichstag and most state governments - and also give their representatives high positions in our Gewerkschaftsbund. Through this symbiosis between our regime, positive social democrats and the unions, we will utterly defang socialism in Germany, forever.
Seize State-Owned Resource Deposits
Now that military oversight and the terror of the GPA have cowed many state governments, we must use this control to improve our economic efficiency. The Longwy-Briey mines, seized from France after the Weltkrieg, were not given to Alsace-Lorraine, but rather turned into an unprecedented federal territory, allowing us to fully exploit their coal deposits without meddling from the states. This experiment succeeded - let us use both hand and fist to strongarm resource deposits and important production sites from state governments to give us complete control over them.
Seize Private Industries
We cannot trust the industrialist class - they will always seek profits before they contribute to the national interest. The Reichskanzler wishes to control the economy the same way one manages a railroad timetable - and to do so, we need to move as much of the economy as we can under state control.
Begin Privatisation
The social darwinist ideals of the German far right tell us that one must either survive by their own merits or perish. Who are we to deny this part of human nature and maintain the weak and helpless industries? We should begin privatisation of the state's large owned companies so private initiative and merit bring even greater efficiency to them.
Create the Army of Labour
The Voluntary Labour Service established during the height of the economic crisis has been greatly useful in beautifying Germany's cities and rural areas, as well as providing us with cheap labour. However, it cannot remain in its voluntary form. We shall transform it into the Imperial Labour Army and introduce militarisation into its ranks - and, of course, it will no longer be voluntary.
Intimidate the Reichstag
Even if they may not have the majority to block our laws, the liberal and Marxist traitors to the German nation still hold up proceedings with annoying speeches about the impending death of democracy and the struggle for liberty. Let us dissuade them from this disruptive rhetoric by placing armed soldiers and paramilitary troopers to watch the Reichstag proceedings.
An Anti-Democratic Civil Service
Though the Prussian Civil Service has long prided itself in serving the Kaiser and the Imperial system before any foolish parliamentarian simpletons, the past few decades have seen it become somewhat relaxed and allow a certain number of less loyal individuals into their ranks. Using our system of intimidation, police investigation, and mandatory oaths of loyalty, we will slowly weed them out and create a civil service which will resist any attempt to impose un-German parliamentarian rule.
Expand the Schleicher-Block
Our loyalists in the Reichstag, previously known as the informal 'Schleicher-Block', originally rallied from the DVLP, DkP and certain revisionist members of the SPD. With the DNEF now established, we can grow this bloc of loyalists further. The National Liberals, agrarian representatives moderate DkP members and large numbers of Zentrum can affiliate with us even without joining the DNEF, and will perhaps soon abandon their old party loyalties to become a part of the great all-German organism.
Align the National Liberals
Despite certain sympathies towards state control of the economy, Kurt von Schleicher has always had a good relationship with German industry. If we keep these pseudo-socialist ideas in check, we should be able to align the heavy industry circles such as the Ruhrlade group, as well as their political arm - the rump National Liberal Party.
Schleicher is seen as a §Hpragmatic authoritarian§! or a §H'Deutscher Sozialist'§!.
Schleicher is seen as a §Hpragmatic authoritarian§! or a §Hreactionary autocrat§!.
Schleicher is seen as a §H'Deutscher Sozialist'§!.
Schleicher is seen as a §Hreactionary autocrat§!.
ASPD
Alte Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands (Old Social Democratic Party of Germany)\n§LThe ASPD constitutes the nationalist and revisionist wing of the old titan of the German left, the Social Democratic Party. With the SPD declining into irrelevance due to factional splits, and Schleicher extending an open hand to revisionist Social Democrats, the ASPD has gathered much of the party's 'cooperative' membership and now loyally cooperates with the Schleicher dictatorship.§!\n
The New State
'The people should not expect that all blessings in their most basic necessities will only come from above. The new state cannot be decreed by force! The people themselves must want it, must participate in its creation. A new will for the state, a new attitude towards the state, a new faith in the state - these are the indispensable prerequisites for the New State.'\n- Walther Schotte
This decision allows you to take decisions which will further §Hthe New State§!.
This will move perception of Schleicher §Hto the right§!.
This will move perception of Schleicher §Hto the left§!.
If we take this decision, we will have built up the New State enough that after the war, we will become §PPaternal Autocrat.§!
The Agrarian Crisis
Alliance with the Esplanade Circle
The Esplanade Circle is an elitist group of both industry and Junker representatives that regularly hosts high-society dinner evenings at the Hotel Esplanade in Berlin. Its central figure is none other than influential DkP politician Tilo von Wilmowsky, who, as a powerful Landbund functionary and husband of Barbara Krupp, acts as the most prominent liaison between industry and agriculture. We should get in contact with them and hear their vision for an economic policy that truly can create a balance between the two economic sectors without putting anyone at a disadvantage.
Seize Control of the VdB
The VdB (Association of the German Farmers Associations) is a powerful agrarian lobby group that operates in the Empire's Catholic regions, where the Landbund was never able to fully set foot. While also dominated by aristocratic landowners, the VdB enjoys close ties to the Zentrum Party, and thus is not within our sphere of influence. That needs to change. The key figure we need to get rid of is its chairman, moderate Zentrum politician Andreas Hermes. When he's gone, nothing stands in the way of closer cooperation between Protestant Landbund and Catholic VdB anymore, and we can drastically expand our influence on Germany's plethora of agricultural organisations.
East Elbian Negotiations
To achieve our end goal of a powerful agrarian unity organisation, we need to bring the Landbund on board. While their president Eberhard von Kalckreuth is open towards our plans, he is also hell-bent on carving out the most influence for his own organisation in future fusion negotiations. However, we cannot allow that the elitist Junkers will get the upper hand in this hypothetical unity organisation, the VdB-aligned smallholders in the west need to be represented as well. Via a carrot and stick policy, it should be possible to rein in Kalckreuth - the government will grant additional benefits to junkers and bail out their estates should Kalckreuth show restraint, furthermore, representation-related concessions to Prussian farmhands need to be made so that the Landbund can shed off its elitist reputation.
The Inviolability of Hereditary Property
The German agricultural sector has always been of extraordinary importance to our society, and it is important that we protect and preserve it in its current form, as junkers and smallholders have contributed equally to the glorious history of our nation. While limited land reform would technically be in our interest, it might alarm the rural elites and potentially foil our political vision. Therefore, we will respect the existing family fideicommissa and pass a law that will institute so-called \
Rationalisation of the Rural Cooperative System
In recent German history, so-called agricultural cooperative societies like Raiffeisen or RV have been a core aspect of rural life. Rooted in Christian traditions, they provide loans and cheap commodities for millions of farmers and are the focal point of countless village societies. During the past 2 decades, however, a dangerous fragmentation within the cooperative system has taken place; many rural lobby groups have their own cooperatives, not to mention local variations. In these times of crisis, a \
Reinstate the Agrarian Command Economy
The agrarian crisis can only be overcome via temporary state interventionist measures. Progress and change sometimes have to be imposed from above, no matter how controversial this decision might be. In times of scarcity and hardship, there is no liberal-capitalist alternative: The farmer has to be reminded of his obligations to the nation, and our production has to be thoroughly modernised and adapted to the needs of the consumers. For that, we need total, but temporary state regulation of the entire agricultural market.
Supplant the Landbund
The Reichslandbund, Germany's most powerful agrarian lobby group, claims to equally represent the interests of Junkers and small-scale farmers alike, but due to the sheer power of the Junker-dominated local associations in East Elbia, the head office in Berlin has always pursued a course that benefits their most powerful backers. That needs to change; since the landowners are sceptical of our political course, the smallholder element in the organisation and in the board must be strengthened - through intrigues, indirect interference into local chairman elections and contact men at the municipal level.
Agricultural Settlement Promotion Act
Intended to secure a solid funding base for the promotion of rural settlement in the East, this law will be the first step to break the rural hegemony of the dying Junker class. The creation of small suburban farm settlements will be the opening move; later, the liquidation of unprofitable Junker estates will follow, which will allow us to strengthen small and mid-sized farmers, encourage settlement and breed a new generation of proud, efficiently working smallholders - if you can't manage your finances, the government should not bail you out.
Win the Loyalty of Farmhand Unions
Our pact with the United Federation of Christian Trade Unions and the social democratic Free Trade Unions is primarily tailored towards improving the conditions of the suffering urban population. But why stop there? There are also unions for farmhands and forestry workers in the countryside, which are affiliated with the main trade unions but have always played a rather marginal role. If we can create a stable basis for negotiations between Georg Schmidt, president of the SPD-aligned German Agricultural Workers' Union, and Franz Behrens, who presides over the conservative Central Association of Forestry, Agricultural and Vineyard Workers of Germany, we might be able to establish Schleicher's Querfront more firmly outside the cities.
Rural Arbeitsbeschaffung Programme
Where else do large-scale job creation schemes have as much merit as in the countryside? Roads, railways, new train stations, renovation of public buildings, land development, straightening of waterways: Everything that benefits the Empire's rural infrastructure leads back to economic recovery!
The Future of the Army
\nThe armed forces of the German Empire, though seen by some as unbeatable, are plagued by issues, and three factions vye for supremacy within the officer corps in hopes of imposing their plan for reform to alleviate these problems. Some seek a more radical transformation to the military, abolishing the antiquated structures of old and forging a modern centralised army from them, others merely seek to address the worst emergencies and continue with the tradition that's taken Germany so far.\n\nYou will have access to a plethora of §HDecisions§! to promote commanders aligned with your faction and strengthen the hold of your faction in the armed forces - the greater your faction's reach, the more §HNational Foci§! you will have access to (§Hspending§! faction grip by taking them), and the more you will be §Hprepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!.\n\nCurrently, you are aligned with [GERAlignedArmyFaction]. Their current grip over the military is §H[?GER.GER_military_faction_strength]%§!.\n
the §HReformisten§!
§HDie Fronde§!
the §HAltgardisten§!
Taking this focus will increase the grip of [GERAlignedArmyFaction] by $RIGHT|G0%%$!
Taking this focus will decrease the grip of [GERAlignedArmyFaction] by $RIGHT|R0%%$!
Taking this focus will expend $RIGHT|Y0%%$ of the grip of [GERAlignedArmyFaction]!
The §Ypolitical direction§! of the Empire has become clear.
We will initiate reform of the army, navy, and airforce of the German Empire.
The grip of [GERAlignedArmyFaction] is §Ybelow 100 percent§!.
You can afford expending the necessary grip of [GERAlignedArmyFaction] for this focus.
Negotiate with the Federal States
Drum Up Motivation in the Reichstag
Draft New Threat Assessment Studies
Promote Ernst Volckheim
Staff the Officer Corps with Fresh Blood
Promote Erich von Bonin
Promote Joachim von Stülpnagel
Promote Werner von Blomberg
Enables a one-time ability to spend a large amount of §YEquipment§! for a grand §Ycounter-offensive§!:
Offensive Chit
Let us smash our enemies!
£rifle_texticon §H20000§! £support_texticon §H5000§! £unit_motorized_icon_small §H5000§! £train_texticon §H100§!
£rifle_texticon §R20000§! £support_texticon §R5000§! £unit_motorized_icon_small §R5000§! £train_texticon §R100§!
It costs $GER_offensive_chit_cost_blocked$ to take the decision
Demobilisation of the Military
The Second Weltkrieg is over, and so we should relieve some of our soldiers from the military and allow them to return to civilian life. The influx of veterans will give a significant boost to the economy.
Unlocks the ability to convert excess Divisions to §YCivilian Factories§!:
Up to [?GER_eco_law_delta|Y0] owned and controlled core states
Die Konservative Revolution
\nThe §LConservative Party§! and the §nFatherland Party§!, alongside coalition partners, have prevailed in the power struggle after the elections of 1936 and are finally in a position to set things right in an Empire long overrun by liberals and socialists. Our ambitions are great and our vision is vast, all we now require is unity and time to bring forth a Conservative Revolution and shape the history of Germany forever.\n\nYou have access to a National Focus branch, divided into DkP and DVLP halves, each of which tip the balance between these two coalition partners. The effects of this balance are measured with the §YUlrich von Hassell§! advisor and also allow advancing further into the focus branch of the stronger political party. Beware, however, as there is more to this coalition than meets the eye, and make sure that the dream of Conservative Revolution is not overthrown by petty personal squabbles...\n\nCurrent Control of the Reichstag: [?GER.GER_swr_coalition_number] of 445 seats\nCurrent §LSchwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition Balance§!: [?GER.GER_swr_coalition_balance]/100\n0 Balance equals §Ltotal dominance of the DkP§!, whereas 100 Balance equals §ntotal dominance of the DVLP§!.\nCurrently, you have completed §Y[?GER.GER_swr_foci_taken]§! National Foci in the §YDie Konservative Revolution§! branch.\n\nUnder the following progress, once our revolution is complete and we achieve the unification of the German right under one, patriotic, common sense government, we will become [GERDVLPGameResult].\n
$paternal_autocrat_coloured$
§LAuthoritarian Democrat§!
Hiring this advisor will strengthen the standing of the §nDVLP§!.
Hiring this advisor will strengthen the standing of the §LDkP§!.
Taking this focus will strengthen the standing of the §nDVLP§!.
Taking this focus will strengthen the standing of the §LDkP§!.
This will strengthen the standing of the §nDVLP§!.
This will strengthen the standing of the §LDkP§!.
At least §Y6§! National Focuses in the §YDie Konservative Revolution§! branch have been completed.
At least §Y10§! National Focuses in the §YDie Konservative Revolution§! branch have been completed.
The §LDkP§! and §nDVLP§! are in a balance in the coalition government.
The §nDVLP§! are either dominant or in a balance in the coalition government.
The §nDVLP§! is dominant in the coalition government.
The §nDVLP§! has total control of the coalition government.
The §LDkP§! are either dominant or in a balance in the coalition government.
The §LDkP§! is dominant in the coalition government.
The §LDkP§! has total control of the coalition government.
The balance in the Coalition has shifted - the §nDVLP§! has grown stronger!
The balance in the Coalition has shifted - the §LDkP§! has grown stronger!
[?GER_agrarian_seats] §sAgrarian§! deputies will join the coalition.
[?GER_liberal_seats] §YNational Liberal and Middle Class§! deputies will join the coalition.
[?GER_Guelph_seats] §LGuelph§! deputies will join the coalition.
The party in question has at least one seat in the Reichstag.
Unlocks decisions to invite minor partners to the all-conservative alliance:
Invite the Agrarian Parties to the Schwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition
Invite National Liberals to the Schwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition
Invite the Hanoverian Party to the Schwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition
$modifies_sic$\nReplaces the trait §YKnight of East Elbia§! with §YHarbinger of Reaction§!, a §Ydynamic§! trait whose effects depend on your current $national_populist_coloured$ popularity. Current effects:\n - Recruitable Population Factor: [?GER.party_popularity@national_populist|=%+]\n - $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?GER.party_popularity@national_populist|=%+]\n\nAfter the Second Weltkrieg, when we can turn our plans into constitutional law, this focus shall guarantee that our government will become §PPaternal Autocrat.§!
The effects of this trait are represented with the §YHarbinger of Reaction§! modifier in the National Spirits tab.
$modifies_sic$\nReplaces the trait §YKnight of East Elbia§! with §YHarbinger of Normalcy§!, a §Ydynamic§! trait whose effects depend on your current §LAuthoritarian Democrat§! popularity. Current effects:\n - $modifier_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor$: [?GER.party_popularity@authoritarian_democrat|=%+]\n - $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?GER.party_popularity@authoritarian_democrat|=%+]\n\nAfter the Second Weltkrieg, when we can turn our plans into constitutional law, this focus shall guarantee that our government will become §LAuthoritarian Democrat.§!
The effects of this trait are represented with the §YHarbinger of Normalcy§! modifier in the National Spirits tab.
Agricultural Settlement Promotion Act
Intended to secure a solid funding base for the promotion of rural settlement in the East, this law will be the first step of many towards Schlange's vision of re-agrarianisation. The creation of small suburban farm settlements will be the opening move; later, the liquidation of unprofitable Junker estates will follow, which will allow us to strengthen small and mid-sized farmers and breed a new generation of proud, efficiently working smallholders loyal to the conservative cause.
Pursue the Agrarian Command Economy
The agrarian crisis can only be overcome via temporary state interventionist measures. Progress and change sometimes have to be imposed from above, no matter how controversial this decision might be. In times of scarcity and hardship, there is no liberal-capitalist alternative. The farmer has to be reminded of his obligations to the nation, and our production has to be thoroughly modernised and adapted to the needs of the consumers. For that, we need total, but temporary state regulation of the entire agricultural market.
Supplant the Landbund Leadership
The Reichslandbund, Germany's most powerful agrarian lobby group, claims to equally represent the interests of Junkers and small-scale farmers alike, but due to the sheer power of the Junker-dominated local associations in East Elbia, the head office in Berlin has always pursued a course that primarily benefits their most powerful backers. That needs to change - since the landowners are sceptical of our political agenda, the smallholder element in the organisation and in the board must be strengthened through intrigues, indirect interference into local chairman elections and contacts with men at municipal level.
Agricultural Restructuring Programme
The core essence of Schlange's reform programme is guaranteeing long-term competitiveness of German agricultural goods on the Mitteleuropean and international market. To achieve this, far-reaching modernisation, mechanisation and intensification is required - produce more, produce cheaper and conserve better. In the future, we will focus less on unprofitable grain cultivation, and more on the production of high-quality animal products. This is the only chance for our agricultural sector to grow efficiently into the global economy without having to rely on subsidies and tariff barriers forever.
The Principle of Self-Help
A key principle of Schlange's economic creed is the personal responsibility of the farm's manager and the necessity of self-help, especially in times of economic hardship. In his words, \
Alliance with the Esplanade Circle
The Esplanade Circle is an elitist group of both industry and Junker representatives that regularly hosts high-society dinner evenings at the Hotel Esplanade in Berlin. Its central figure is none other than influential DkP politician Tilo von Wilmowsky, who, as a powerful Landbund functionary and husband of Barbara Krupp, acts as the most prominent liaison between industry and agriculture. We should get in contact with them and hear their vision for an economic policy that truly can create a balance between the two economic sectors without putting anyone at a disadvantage.
Seize Control of the VdB
The VdB (Association of the German Farmers Associations) is a powerful agrarian lobby group that operates in the Empire's Catholic regions, where the Landbund was never able to fully set foot. While also dominated by aristocratic landowners, the VdB enjoys close ties to the Zentrum Party, and thus is not within our sphere of influence. That needs to change. The key figure we need to get rid of is its chairman, moderate Zentrum politician Andreas Hermes. When he's gone, nothing stands in the way of closer cooperation between Protestant Landbund and Catholic VdB anymore, and we can drastically expand our influence on Germany's plethora of agricultural organisations.
East Elbian Negotiations
To achieve our end goal of a powerful agrarian unity organisation, we need to bring the Landbund on board. While their president Eberhard von Kalckreuth is open towards our plans, he is also hell-bent on carving out the most influence for his own organisation in future fusion negotiations. However, we cannot allow that the elitist Junkers will get the upper hand in this hypothetical unity organisation, the VdB-aligned smallholders in the west need to be represented as well. Via a carrot and stick policy, it should be possible to rein in Kalckreuth - the government will grant additional benefits to junkers and bail out their estates should Kalckreuth show restraint, furthermore, representation-related concessions to Prussian farmhands need to be made so that the Landbund can shed off its elitist reputation.
The Inviolability of Hereditary Property
The German agricultural sector has always been of extra-ordinary importance to our society, and it is crucial that we protect and preserve it in its current form, as junkers and smallholders have contributed equally to the glorious history of our nation. In recent years, notions of land reform have been popularised not only by the political left, but also by misled conservative populists. Such ideas are simply not compatible with our traditions. We will respect the existing family fideicommissa and pass a law that will institute so-called \
Rationalisation of the Rural Cooperative System
In recent German history, so-called agricultural cooperative societies like Raiffeisen or RV have been a core aspect of rural life. Rooted in Christian traditions, they provide loans and cheap commodities for millions of farmers and are the focal point of countless village societies. During the past 2 decades, however, a dangerous fragmentation within the cooperative system has taken place; many rural lobby groups have their own cooperatives, not to mention local variations. In these times of crisis, a \
£GFX_power_balance_texticon Emergency Conference of the DVLP
An §YEmergency Conference§! of the DVLP is slated to be held, and it is intended to settle the rift between the National Revolutionary faction of Ulrich von Hassell and the Reactionary faction of Alfred Hugenberg. However, clashing personalities and levels of influence may leave this settlement unsatisfactory to one side, another, or both.
Currently, §Y[?GER_DVLP_seats_hug]§! of §Y[?GER_DVLP_seats]§! DVLP deputies are aligned with Hugenberg's faction and will follow him.\nThe rift between the two factions is at §R[?GER_hugenberg_faction_rift]%§!.\nIf the current conditions last until the Conference, the outcome will be: [GERDVLPConferenceResult]
§YHugenberg is Marginalised§!
§RHugenberg Elected Chairman§!
§RParty Split§!
Hugenberg's Outreach
Hugenberg is currently reaching out to deputies within the DVLP parliamentary group, and if not countered, he is likely to draw in even more of our comrades with his promises and lies.
Vulnerability: §YHans Schlange-Schöningen§!
Our Secretary of Agriculture, Hans Schlange-Schöningen, is vulnerable to Hugenberg's rhetoric due to his personal alignment with the Völkisch, and lack of support for Schlange from the rest of the cabinet. Though he is a member of the DkP, his endorsement for Hugenberg would convince swaying deputies that Hugenberg will be able to retain the coalition.
Vulnerability: §YOtto Schmidt§!
Otto Schmidt is the DVLP's main contact with veteran organisations, and though he is nominally considered a part of Hassell's faction, his personal ties to Hugenberg make him vulnerable to Hugenberg's efforts to gather allies. His endorsement would significantly weaken the National Revolutionaries.
Vulnerability: §YMagnus von Levetzow§!
The veteran admiral Magnus von Levetzow is an important member of Hassell's National Revolutionary faction, but his loyalty to the Chairman is wavering. Deeply distrustful of socialists and of democracy, he desires a stronger hand from the government and a determined move towards authoritarianism - which Hugenberg might fulfil.
Vulnerability: §YAdolf von Trotha§!
The chairman of the Flottenverein and key member of the DVLP, Adolf von Trotha, is an unlikely ally to Hugenberg due to his close association with Hassell and his faction, but it appears that our lack of action is pushing him to reconsider his stances. We need to place at least the foundations for the Organic State to regain his trust.
The situation in the DVLP Reichstag group will §Yremain at a standstill§!.
Whip the Reichstag Deputies
Our party whips can strengthen discipline among our ranks in the Reichstag in preparation for the Conference, preventing Hugenberg's outreach from swaying any of them for some time.
This decision will §Gremove the effects§! of the §YHugenberg's Outreach§! mission, until it is reactivated.\nThis will §Rwiden the party rift§!.
This will §Rwiden the party rift§!.
At least two §YAgrarian Policy§! decisions have been completed
Reassure Schlange-Schöningen
We will defeat Schlange-Schöningen's concerns about our direction and do some fearmongering about Hugenberg's ineptitude to keep him in line.
Reassure Schmidt
We will defeat Schmidt's concerns about our direction and do some fearmongering about Hugenberg's ineptitude to keep him in line.
Reassure Levetzow
We will defeat Levetzow's concerns about our direction and do some fearmongering about Hugenberg's ineptitude to keep him in line.
Reassure Trotha
We will defeat Trotha's concerns about our direction and do some fearmongering about Hugenberg's ineptitude to keep him in line.
Expand Der Nahe Osten
Founded by Hans Schwarz and Adolf von Trotha, Der Nahe Osten: Politische Halbmonatsschrift is a semi-monthly journal that is one of the DVLP's few news outlets that is completely out of Hugenberg's influence. Though we cannot break his control over the right-wing news, we can challenge him and thus reassure some of our party members by supporting an alternative. Hugenberg will not take this well, however.
Establish the Joint Committee of the Fatherland Party
A significant part of Hugenberg's influence comes from the fact that he is the party's main contact with Ruhr industrialists and the coaling industry, both of whom contribute considerably to party finances. We can circumvent him by creating a committee with industrial magnates that leaves out Hugenberg, and so directly negotiate for their funds.
Inter-Partisan Amends
Through strategic talks with less important deputies, we can reduce the tensions within the party to prevent a split. None of us want to bury the Conservative Revolution, after all.
§GThis will weaken the Hugenberg faction!§!
This will §Greduce the party rift§!.
This will make the decision £GFX_decision_icon_small §YReassure Trotha§! available for the £GFX_power_balance_texticon §YEmergency Conference of the DVLP§!, which §Gwill weaken the Hugenberg faction!§!
This will make the decision £GFX_decision_icon_small §YEstablish the Joint Committee of the Fatherland Party§! available for the £GFX_power_balance_texticon §YEmergency Conference of the DVLP§!, which will have the following effects:\n
This will make the decision £GFX_decision_icon_small §Y$GER_hugenberg_defend_levetzow$§! available for the £GFX_power_balance_texticon §YEmergency Conference of the DVLP§!, which §Gwill weaken the Hugenberg faction!§!
Impose Restrictions on Imports
Threatened from all sides, the German Empire must become an island of autarky in this hostile world. Reliance on foreign markets is weakness - we must produce as much as we can domestically.
Begin Dismantlement of the Welfare System
The welfare system only breeds abuse and slacking, and as the prolific Gustav Hartz put it, it is a fundamentally flawed system. To express the vigor of self-reliance that the German people possess, we must begin with a mass defunding of the welfare system to pave the way for its replacement with mandatory private health insurance.
Begin Deregulation of the Economy
The job creators in the Empire, that being the industrialists and business owners, have to deal with constant red tape and taxation, none of which they want or need. The prosperity of a new Germany will be built by forward-thinking, national capitalism, and it must not be restricted.
[?GER_KVP_seats] §LDkP§! deputies will split from the party and form the §CKonservative Volkspartei§!, §Rleaving the coalition!§!
[?GER_DVLP_seats_hug] §nDVLP§! deputies will split from the party and form the §nDeutschnationale Reichspartei§!, §Rleaving the coalition!§!
Alfred Hugenberg has been elected §YFirst Chairman of the Fatherland Party§!, completing his ten year long plot to take over the German far right. §RWhere will he lead them?§!
The §nDVLP§! will §Rleave the coalition!§!\n[?GER_DNRP_seats] §nDVLP§! deputies will split from the party and form the §nDeutschnationale Partei§!, §Gjoining the coalition!§!\nSeveral focuses will be §Rpermanently disabled.§!
The §nDVLP§! will §Rcollapse!§!\n[?GER_DNRP_seats] §nDVLP§! deputies will form the continuation §nDeutsche Vaterlandspartei§!, §Gjoining the coalition!§!\nSeveral focuses will be §Rpermanently disabled.§!
§CZentrum§! has §Rleft the coalition!§! [?GER_swr_zentrum_deputies] deputies in the coalition belonged to them.\nOf them, [?GER_Zentrum_seats_r] chose to leave Zentrum, established the §LFöderalistische Union§! and §Ghave rejoined!§!
§YHugenberg can hardly be satisfied.§!
The Anti-Socialist Campaign
\nThe tentacles of socialism and trade unionism constrict the German nation, draining it of its vitality and dragging it towards the abyss. For too long we have tolerated its den of villainy in the Social Democratic Party, but now that we, patriots and flagbearers of the Conservative Revolution, are finally in power, we can do something about this poison.\n\nTo try to ban the SPD outright would be insanity, but what we can do is §Yprepare§!. Through a series of Decisions, we can slowly weaken the hold of the SPD among the working class and build up a case for its threat to all of German society. Should we finish all of the Decisions in this category by the end of the Second Weltkrieg, we will unlock the focus to §YBan the Social Democratic Party§! after the war.\n
Investigate SPD Union Involvement in the Ruhrkampf
Investigate the Finances of Socialist Clubs
Establish Compulsory Strike Arbitration
Foster Anti-Socialist Antisemitism
Spy on Union Meetings
Empower Anti-Socialist Trade Unions
Spread Rumours of Internationale Contacts
Encourage the Split of the National SPD Right
We will reach closer to §Ythe destruction of Social Democracy§!.
You have completed §Y[?GER.GER_anti_socialist_decisions_complete]§! of §Y8§! Anti-Socialist Campaign decisions.
£pol_violence  Break up the Strike in §YEastern Rhineland§!!
Anti-Sedition Laws
\nThe Second Weltkrieg will require a full mobilisation of the German nation to defend our way of life and our Empire from the syndicalists and the Russians. This means that we can no longer tolerate the existence of seditious elements within our nation. Radical socialists who form a fifth column must be investigated and neutered to prevent the spread of anti-war propaganda.\n
$unlocks_decisions$ to improve Stability and War Support:
Arrest Karl Schröder
'For advocating the overthrow of the Kaiser and conspiracy against the German Empire, for contacts with spies of foreign powers, for refusing to cooperate with the law enforcement of the Kingdom of Prussia and refusing to give any information on the location of known criminals and threats to public security.'
Ban the FAUD
'For inciting rebellion in numerous instances during the past ten years, for harboring spies of foreign powers, for refusing to cooperate with the law enforcement of the Kingdom of Prussia in identifying threats to public security, for conspiracy against the German Empire and the Kaiser.'
Execute Ernst Thälmann
'For several counts of organised robbery, battery, and attempted murder as a member of underground socialist terrorist circles, for conspiracy against the Kaiser and the German Empire, for being a threat to public security, for known contacts with the security services of the Federation of the Communes of France and refusing to give any information on the location of known criminals. Conceded on all charges. Death sentence recommended.'
Hunt for Erich Mielke
'For three counts of murder, several counts of organised robbery, battery and attempted murder as a member of underground socialist terrorist circles, for conspiracy to assassinate high officials of the German Empire, for being a threat to public security, for known contacts with the security services of the Federation of the Communes of France. Death sentence in absentia recommended.'
Infiltrate the Social Democratic Party
'To prevent the development of anti-patriotic agitation and locate the distribution links of seditious material among opposition parties of suspect ideological leaning. Approved by order by the chief of the Preußische Geheimpolizei.'
Detain Pacifist Social Democrats
'For advocating for government policy on the verge of sedition and suspected contacts with spies of foreign powers. Recommended by order of the chief of the Preußische Geheimpolizei.'
Democracy and Reaction
\nLed by the §SSocial Democratic Party§!, the Demokratische Union has taken power in the Empire, and now pursues an agenda of common-sense welfare and constitutional reform. Immediately, several pressures demand our attention from all sides. Having received the opportunity to steer Germany towards a democratic direction, we must not waste our chance - our focus tree allows us to §Ybuild a constitution§!, preparing various reforms which we can apply after the Second Weltkrieg. At the same time, however, our party demands immediate action - the poverty of the people demands us to §Yimplement reforms from our platform§! or else lose the faith of the party grassroots. Finally, we do not govern alone - our coalition is wide, and each of its members have their own interests. Their §YCoalition Loyalty§! shows how willing they are to stay with us - should it drop to §Rzero§!, they might attempt to leave, and if we lose our §Ymajority§! in the Reichstag, then our cabinet is sure to fall.\n\nFinally, keep the §Yconservative establishment§! in mind - they will fight tooth and nail to cause the downfall of your government...\n\nCurrent Control of the Reichstag: [?GER.GER_du_coalition_number] of 445 seats (223 for a majority)\nLoyalties to the Coalition:\n - §OLVP§!: §Y[?GER_LVP_loyalty]§!/100 [GERLVPCoalMembership]\n - §cZentrum§!: §Y[?GER_Z_loyalty]§!/100 [GERZCoalMembership]\n - §sAgrarians§!: §Y[?GER_Agrarian_loyalty]§!/100 [GERAgrCoalMembership]\n - §9Minority Bloc§!: §Y[?GER_Polish_loyalty]§!/100 [GERPPCoalMembership]\n - §RSPD-Left§!: §Y[?GER_Left_SPD_loyalty]§!/100 [GERSPDLeftCoalMembership]\n
(§gNot in Coalition§!)
*
Our promises to our constituents under the Liegnitz Programme will require us to consistently implement §Ypractical§! action, under the §YFoundations of the Welfare State§! branch.
Demand for Action
While we must remain amicable to the rest of our coalition, we must be able to properly implement the social democratic political programme and serve the people. Failure to do so may mean the ascension of those less cooperative with our coalition partners...\n\n§CThis mission will be removed upon the beginning of the Weltkrieg, or if we complete every §Ynational focus§! that increases the length of this mission.§!
Initiate Civil Service Reform!
We must heed the word of Secretary Severing and initiate civil service reform at haste.
Defeat the Rebellion in Prussia
We must force the Prussian House of Representatives to bow to us at haste and pass an acceptable budget. Should we fail to do so, we will be forced to admit defeat - striking a painful blow to our ability to reform the state.\n\nYou need to gain at least 3 §Yvictories§! in negotiations, and you currently have [?GER_prussia_victories].
Conflict with Prussia has been resolved in our favour.
§YGovernment Paralysis§! is less than §Y25%§! (§R-25% $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$§!)
Already in negotiations.
The Schleicher Plan
We will attempt to place Kurt von Schleicher as Minister-President of Prussia to ease negotiations.
We will attempt to strike an accord with Minister-President Schleicher to ease negotiations.
All Prussian negotiations will be significantly more likely to succeed.
Negotiate with Minister-President Schleicher
Kurt von Schleicher was appointed Minister-President of Prussia.
[GetYear] Prussian House of Representatives Election
We shall pressure the incumbent Prussian government to §Yhold a new election§!. Because of the Plural Suffrage system in Prussia, the elections will be weighed against us, but perhaps we can secure a cooperative majority?
Offer Concessions on Agriculture
Invite National Liberals to Coalition in Prussia
All-Coalition House Boycott
Communicate with Adenauer in the House of Lords
Unlocks decision to §Yrally the people in defence of democracy§!:
Already doing some other action for a popular front.
£pol_violence  Organise Trade Union Activists
£pol_violence  Form Socialist Activist Groups
£pol_violence  Invite Liberals and Catholics
All three decisions for the formation of the Front need to be completed.
This will bring us closer to the formation of an all-democratic activist front.
£pol_violence  The Front in Defence of Democracy
£pol_violence  Push Out Reactionary Civil Servants
£pol_violence  Battle the Influence of Reactionary Cartels
£pol_violence  Hold Nationwide Rallies
£pol_violence  Counter Right-Wing Propaganda
Topple the Schleicher Cabinet
The Coalition holds a significant following in the Prussian lower house. Through machinations, boycotts and pressure, we should be able to topple Schleicher's weak nonpartisan government and so remove a serious threat to our reforms.
Expel Franz von Papen
Franz von Papen and his fellow \
§YFranz von Papen§! is currently working to end Zentrum's participation in our cabinet, and thus we receive the following effects:
£pol_violence  Prussian Civil Service Reform
As long as the §YAll-Democratic Front§! is more organised than the opposition from the Right, it will periodically reduce §YGovernment Paralysis§!!
Spends 10 §YFront Organisation§!.
Grants 20 §YFront Organisation§!.
The All-Democratic Front is §Rlacking Organisation§!! It will not be able to reduce §YGovernment Paralysis§! any longer if this continues.
Activity of the All-Democratic Front
Throughout the Empire, Social Democratic, socialist and liberal organisations are holding rallies for democracy, agitating for democratic candidates, and trying to counter the influence of the right-wing opposition.\n\nCurrently, the Front has [?GER_iron_front_organisation] §YOrganisation§!, and needs at least §Y30§! to continue successfully operating.
Activity of the National Opposition
Across all of Germany, the Conservatives and Nationalists hold rallies, agitate for anti-democratic candidates, and conspire with the bureaucracy, party leaders and the nobility to topple the first truly democratic government.\n\nWhile this Mission is not completed, the §YAll-Democratic Front§! will not reduce §YGovernment Paralysis§!!
£manpower_icon  §H10§! Front Org.
£manpower_icon  §R10§! Front Org.
It costs $GER_10_iron_front_organisation_blocked$ to take this decision
£manpower_icon  §H10§! Front Org. £GFX_pol_power  §H25§!
£manpower_icon  §R10§! Front Org. £GFX_pol_power  §R25§!
It costs $GER_10_iron_front_organisation_25_PP_blocked$ to take this decision
£stability_texticon  §H2%§!
£stability_texticon  §R2%§!
It costs $GER_2_stability_blocked$ to take this decision
§RThe Brunswick Front will only become active again after some time.§!
§RThe Brunswick Front will become active again after this countdown finishes§!
The All-Democratic Front is §Rbeing attacked by the National Opposition§!! It will not be able to reduce §YGovernment Paralysis§! any longer if this continues.
This decision will be reenabled in §Y20§! days.
The §YActivity of the National Opposition§! timer will no longer reduce Zentrum Coalition Loyalty!
You will lose £manpower_icon  §H10§! Front Organisation.
§CBy enabling Minor Event Popups, you can be notified of every instance of Activity of the National Opposition.§!
Restore the Demokratische Union
During the 1936 electoral campaign, we cooperated with the LVP in a joint democratic front, but our ties were not renewed after Schleicher's fall. Now that we have formed a government, we should invite the Liberals to our coalition and restore our cooperative relationship.
Allows to invite the §OLiberal People's Party§! to the ruling coalition:
The §OLVP§! will start with §Y50§! base Coalition Loyalty.
The §OLVP§! will start with §Y30§! base Coalition Loyalty.
The §OLVP§! will start with §Y20§! base Coalition Loyalty.
§OLVP§! gains $RIGHT|G0$ Coalition Loyalty.
§cZentrum§! gains $RIGHT|G0$ Coalition Loyalty.
§sAgrarians§! gain $RIGHT|G0$ Coalition Loyalty.
§9Minority Bloc§! gains $RIGHT|G0$ Coalition Loyalty.
§RSPD-Left§! gains $RIGHT|G0$ Coalition Loyalty.
This will spend $RIGHT|R0$ §OLVP§! Coalition Loyalty.
This will spend $RIGHT|R0$ §cZentrum§! Coalition Loyalty.
This will spend $RIGHT|R0$ §9Minority Bloc§! Coalition Loyalty.
This will spend $RIGHT|R0$ §sAgrarian§! Coalition Loyalty.
This will spend $RIGHT|R0$ §RSPD-Left§! Coalition Loyalty.
Relationships in the Coalition
A wide coalition such as ours is bound to struggle with misunderstandings, conflicts and scandals that will make it weaker over time. We must ensure that this doesn't result in a coalition collapse...
There will be a chance for §Ytension§! between the Government and a member of the Coalition.
§RWe are opponents in the Reichstag. There will be no working with them unless this changes.§!
This focus will §Rdisable§! all Concession National Foci §Yfor 100 days§!!
Concession National Foci are unavailable.
Focuses in the §YConstitution Review Committee§! focus branch will build up the strength of the §Ypostwar reformed constitution§!.\nThese focuses can only be taken §Rbefore the end of the Second Weltkrieg§!.
£pol_violence  Rift with the LVP!
If, at the end of this timer, §OLVP§! Coalition Loyalty remains §R0§!, all §Y[?GER_LVP_seats]§! of their deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
£pol_violence  Rift with Z!
If, at the end of this timer, §cZentrum§! Coalition Loyalty remains §R0§!, all §Y[?GER_Z_seats_in_coalition]§! of their deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
£pol_violence  Rift with the Agrarians!
If, at the end of this timer, §sAgrarian§! Coalition Loyalty remains §R0§!, all §Y[?GER_agrarian_seats]§! of their deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
£pol_violence  Rift with the Minority Bloc!
If, at the end of this timer, §9Minority Bloc§! Coalition Loyalty remains §R0§!, all §Y[?GER_polish_seats]§! of their deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
£pol_violence  Rift with the SPD Left!
If, at the end of this timer, §RSPD-Left§! Coalition Loyalty remains §R0§!, all §Y[?GER_Left_SPD_seats]§! of their deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
§Y[?GER.GER_LVP_seats]§! §OLVP§! deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
§Y[?GER.GER_Z_seats_in_coalition]§! §cZentrum§! deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
§Y[?GER.GER_agrarian_seats]§! §sAgrarian§! deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
§Y[?GER.GER_polish_seats]§! §9Minority Bloc§! deputies will §Rleave the coalition!§!
§Y[?GER.GER_Left_SPD_seats]§! §RSPD-Left§! deputies will §Rsplit from the SPD§!, forming the §RSozialistische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands!§!
§Y15§! §SSPD§! deputies will §Rsplit from the SPD§!, forming the §SAlte Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands!§!
§Y5§! §cZentrum§! deputies, led by Franz von Papen, will §Rleave the coalition!§!, forming §Pan independent grouping!§!
This focus will §Ybuild up§! our future Constitution! The effects will be gained upon completing the focus §YThe Second Wave of Parliamentarisation§! after the Second Weltkrieg!
Deutsche Bergwerks- und Hüttenkommission
\nThe German Mining and Steelworks Commission, established as a part of the economic reform package referred to as the \
This decision will expand the §Ywidth§! of the Plan - improving the states which will receive the §YCentral Economic Management§! modifier!
This decision will expand the §Ybreadth§! of the Plan - applying the §YCentral Economic Management§! modifier to even more states!
This decision will expand the §Ydepth§! of the Plan - increasing the effects of the §YCentral Economic Management§! modifier!
A Wissell Plan decision is already active.
At least §Ythree§! prior §YDeutsche Bergwerks- und Hüttenkommission§! decisions have been completed. Currently, you have completed §Y[?GER_completed_wissell_plan_decisions]§! decisions.
will receive the effects of the §YDraft the \
Take Control of Small Coal Mines
Take Over Small Steel Mills
Establish Expert Economic Councils
Pump Priming for Cooperative Enterprises
Establish Regional Self-Governing Bodies
Establish Central Export and Import Management
Bend the Association of Iron and Steel Industrialists
Bend the Reich Association of German Industry
Reorganise Fried. Krupp AG
Reorganise the Thyssen Group
Break Down the Rheinisch-Westfälisches Kohlen-Syndikat
Reorganise Hoesch AG
§YDraft the \
The §YDraft the \
Central Economic Management
Add §YCentral Economic Management§!.
All states with §YCentral Economic Management§! will receive the following effects:
Completing at least two decisions will allow us to invite the §sAgrarians§! to the government, if they are not already included!
Initiate Land Reform Efforts
Large parts of the East Elbian countryside are still stuck in the age of Old Fritz, with inefficiently run Junker estates, many of which have been in hereditary fideicommissum possession of certain magnate families for centuries, dominating the agricultural sector. Despite the highly indebted nature of these estates, previous governments have bailed out the Junkers for decades - this has to end. The liquidation of unprofitable, effectively bankrupt Junker estates and the subsequent partition of this land into parcelled out settlement areas for farmhands will allow us to strengthen small and mid-sized farmers and breed a new generation of proud, efficiently working smallholders loyal to the democratic cause.
Foster Rural Democratic Sentiment
The German peasant never has been thrilled about democracy and parliamentarism, mainly because the conservative sway on rural education is so high. The rural masses need to learn what benefits parliamentary representation can have for them - we need to support democratic-minded agrarian movements such as the German Peasantry, the Bavarian Peasants' League, and the Association of the German Farmers Associations as a counterweight against the reactionary Landbund's influence, enforce the democratisation of local agricultural chambers, and get the vast array of rural cooperatives on board for our vision.
Revitalise the East
The East might be rural, barren, and, most importantly, a hotbed of reactionism. Nonetheless, it is not a lost cause: Neither for economic improvement, nor for democratic ideals. For years, Berlin's Eastern Aid payments have only reached the large agrarian estates, with a majority of funds ending up in the pockets of the Junkers. Consequently, the conditions in East Elbia have barely improved throughout the last few decades. To improve the standard of living, a much broader programme needs to be introduced that affects all areas of life: Industries that complement the local agricultural enterprises, proper infrastructure to connect urban centres with the periphery, modernisation of ports and waterways, and additional funds for the diligent settlers in Posen and West Prussia.
Crack Down on Profiteers
Even during the deepest crisis, there are always individuals who attempt to profit from the misery of others and line their own pockets. Certain parasitic trading companies buy their goods from the farmers at the lowest possible price and then squeeze the final consumer dry. This solidarity-lacking behaviour aggravates the economic situation and can be prevented by a more effective organisation of and closer ties between consumer and producer cooperatives. Short paths between consumer and producer without superfluous intermediate steps will counteract the high price spread.
Reform the Rural Credit Market
The Junkers firmly control the municipal administration East of the Elbe: Many local credit institutions as well as provincial commissions are subverted by their henchmen, which means that government funds for the East often end up in the wrong pockets. To counteract this, we will appoint a state commissioner to supervise the fair distribution of funds in Prussia, and we will increase our control over the Prussian Central Cooperative Fund, a nominally independent credit union which has favoured especially highly-indebted Junkers in recent years. An end has to be put to the increasing indebtedness of large, inefficient estates, and funds need to reach the small-scale farmers that are truly in need.
Invite the Agrarian Parties
Though the conservatives and reactionaries have held control of the countryside for many decades, not all rural representatives in the Reichstag drink from the poisonous well of the Landbund. The Bavarian Peasants' League is influential in Bavaria, and other movements such as the German Peasantry and the Association of German Farmers Associations are friendly to us. Let us bring these agrarian representatives to our coalition and gain their support.
The Agrarians are in coalition.
Prepare Early Elections
§HWar Preparedness Act§!
The world appears to be heading towards a Second Weltkrieg. Before the time window closes, we must hastily begin preparations, remilitarisation and expansion of our military industry, while the Reichstag passes an act which orders our civilian industry to move to war footing.
Passing this act will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg!§!
At least five decisions in the §HIndustrial Projects§! decision category have been finished.
This will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg!§!
Completing this focus or §YNationalise the Railways§! will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!!
Completing this focus or §YDeutsche Reichsbahn§! will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!!
Completing this focus or §YMilitary Railways§! will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!!
Completing this focus or §YDevelop Self-Propelled Artillery§! will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!!
Completing this focus or §YExpand Rifle Testing in WaPrüf-II§! will leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg§!!
This policy §Hwill not be popular§! with the German states.
This policy §Hwill affect the decision-making§! of the German states.
The Bavarian nullification crisis is ongoing.
Schleicher resigned and was succeeded by Carl Goerdeler.
May only be changed by event.
Regular elections will once again take place. Your original postwar tree will be §Hinaccessible§!.
Kabinett Schleicher
No winner has come out from the Reichstag election of 1936, thus a Reichskanzler able to unify the Empire in the face of foreign aggression and domestic hardship alike is needed. That Reichskanzler is Kurt von Schleicher, former Prussian Minister of War - and he has a programme to save the yearning German masses.
Die Arbeitsschlacht
The first item on our agenda must be the needs of the people. Millions are on the streets and they are desperate for salvation - if the government does not create jobs for them, they will seek alternate, extreme solutions. Their employers have failed them, struggling with debt or awaiting better days. Thus, the State must do the heavy lifting, and create those jobs itself.
Constructive No-Confidence Principle
Before the fractured nature of the incumbent Reichstag sparks a flurry of no confidence votes, we must establish a principle with which any no-confidence vote must also propose an alternate candidate for the Reichskanzler seat. This way, we won't experience a situation in which Germany is left headless in a crucial moment.
Renew the Rathenauplan
The \
Renew Operation of War Economic Offices
During the Weltkrieg, the government established several offices, agencies and departments to give the state full control of its resources for war. Their experience can be brought forth once more, but for the reconstruction of the economy, rather than for wartime mobilisation.
Expand Power of Reichsarbeitsamt
The Reichsarbeitsamt was established at the end of the Weltkrieg to centralise all socio-political and labour duties of the state under a separate secretariat. In the current economic crisis, it can serve the Rathenauplan as a powerful labour planning agency as well. New agencies within it will handle temporary employment of workers in public works, career advice and the enforcement of collective agreements.
Pursue Binnenwirtschaft
Binnenwirtschaft, or \
Streamline Goods Production
Rathenau envisions a society of perfect production efficiency, which wastes as little resources as possible on things like marketing, waste or competition. The state's economic authorities will enforce quality and production efficiency standards and advantage the most efficient industrial plants. State owned industries will serve as testing ranges for new industrial technology.
Equality of Opportunity
Because of poor circumstances of their birth or other inherent traits, many in German society are unable to apply their full potential. Being Jewish himself, Rathenau has personally expressed his dismay at these circumstances. The state must put all the effort it can to integrate all citizens into economic life and reform the education system to find the most skilled.
Draft Plan Tarnow-Baade
Fritz Tarnow and Fritz Baade are trade union leaders who initiated discussion on a social economic reform project not long after the Black Monday market crash, and publicly endorsed Schleicher's appointment with the hope that he will listen to their concerns. Their project involves vast state intervention to curtail the banking sector and create public works.
Guarantee Leading Role of Trade Unions
Economic recovery in Germany will only be fully achieved and benefit all classes if it is done with the support of German trade unions - socialist, liberal or Christian alike. We must involve trade union leadership in economic reform plans and create talks between the government, business representatives and trade unionists to listen to the concerns of everyone.
Establish Price Controls
One of the most unfortunate effects of the economic crisis is the breakdown of market prices - either too high, because of lacking supply, and punishing the people, or too low, because of lacking demand, and so punishing business. Through strategic taxation and financial investment, the state must intervene and bring order to the market.
Massive Public Works
Tarnow and Baade envision the expenditure of upwards of 2 billion Marks on public work programmes alone - until the economy recovers and can employ them again, millions of unemployed must receive temporary relief in the form of public works.
Form the Staatliche Bankenaufsicht
The reckless nature of the German banks led to the Black Monday collapse and shows that government oversight is necessary to prevent it from happening again. The Reichsbank must be curtailed as well, and cooperate more closely with the elected government.
Expand State-Provided Credit
The industrial sector can be moved out of its malaise by providing credit from the state. We will green-light the emission of more money and provide it to struggling businesses with very low interest, giving them the injection they need to get back on their feet and return to full production capacity.
Negotiate Debt Restructuring
State investments and economic recovery programmes inevitably come with a cost that someone needs to pay - which, so far, we have been able to cover with short and long term debts. This cannot last forever - we need to start negotiations with domestic and international lenders to delay payments and restructure our debt to prevent a fiscal crash.
State Monopoly on Nitrate and Tobacco
The economist Karl Helfferich has proposed establishing state monopolies on two lucrative consumer industries - nitrate mining and tobacco, which will bring much needed revenue to the budget. This proposal has also found support among the left and the far right.
Slash Welfare Funding
The German welfare system is relatively well funded, but in times of distress, we cannot dedicate as much funding to the system as we normally could. This solution is bound to be unpopular with the general population, however.
Establish Federal Income Taxes
The finances of the German Empire are relatively weak, as the government needs to rely upon the financing of the states to stay afloat, and can only levy indirect taxes and tariffs to collect revenue. It is about time to put an end to this weakness - if possible, we must push through a taxation reform in the legislature, and finally allow the Empire to collect direct income tax.
Inflation Weaponry
An effective, if somewhat artificial and controversial method of increasing government revenue is simply printing more money - though this will cause inflation, it will also provide us with currency for economic recovery. Of course, as long as the trust in the German Mark remains.
Freiwilliger Arbeitsdienst
The first priority of the new government is to make sure that as few German citizens starve on the streets as possible. We shall establish a Voluntary Labour Service which will accept and feed the unemployed, employ them in menial, work-intensive labour across the Empire, and improve infrastructure while giving our unemployed a helping hand.
Injecting capital into the economy with construction projects will aid in the recovery from the economic crisis!
Infrastructure Development
As industries and services develop, the necessity for modern infrastructure connecting every single city becomes apparent. Civilian travel, modern supply systems, and, of course, movement of large armed forces all rely upon road and rail quality - which we shall foster with grand infrastructure projects.
Secure Mitteleuropa Trade Links
The worst thing that could happen to our economic situation is a shutdown of international trade - German industries which rely on export would instantly shut down and collapse as a result. We must foster and secure our trade links with the rest of Mitteleuropa, and renew trade within our trade bloc to keep our industries afloat.
Sekretariat für Arbeitsbeschaffung
The economic crisis has revealed that we cannot fully trust private enterprise to quickly re-employ millions of newly unemployed German workers. Here, the state must intervene to provide relief. We shall establish a Secretariat of Job Creation whose task will be to create and expand large public works. They will use as little machinery and as much manual labour as possible, and so will be able to provide for thousands in their hour of need.
Organise Cartelisation of the Economy
Black Monday has revealed how brittle companies in Germany are, unable to stay afloat independently and needlessly wasting resources on foolish competition. We must orchestrate the unification of key industrial sectors into massive industrial cartels, which will not only be able to endure financial hardship, but also can fulfil military contracts more easily.
Support German Car Manufacturers
Germany is the home of the modern car - and ever since Karl Benz and other pioneers, we have held a key share in the international car industry. The economic crisis threatens this sector, however - demand for cars is shrinking and numerous small manufacturers are going under. We must keep it alive with state support - after all, car factories can be quickly repurposed for wartime production.
Pursue Imperial Self-Sufficiency
In spite of our new world-spanning empire, our geographic position means that Russia and the Internationale may easily blockade us during the next war. This makes it necessary to make the German heartland at least somewhat self-sufficient in strategic resources - whether through substitute materials or innovative technologies.
Salzgitter Stahlwerke
The large quantities of low grade iron ore near Salzgitter in Hanover have been known since the 14th century, but they were deemed uneconomical to smelt by the steel industry. Recent advancements in ore mining technology have cut this cost, and military needs make it crucial to achieve steel self-sufficiency. We shall establish a state-owned mining company in Salzgitter to make use of these resources.
Expand the Kaiser Wilhelm Society
The Kaiser Wilhelm Society for the Advancement of Science is the premier scientific institution in the German Empire, uniting hundreds of intellectuals and scientists in every single field. As we escalate the involvement of the state in economic affairs, we must not forget an equivalent focus towards state sponsored research and development - funding the K-W Society is a good start.
Support Imperial Light Industry
Germany is the manufacturing capital of Europe - and this does not mean just steel and guns. Light industries, such as the food industry, glass, wood working, and other utility goods, are centrepieces of our prosperity as well - the efforts of the state will rejuvenate these sectors and ensure that our status as an industrial hegemon remains unchallenged.
Vitalise Heavy Industry
Steel and guns are what first comes to mind to an average European when they hear of German industry - and it is a deserved reputation. The heavy industries of the German Empire have built up the prosperity of the Rhineland and outfitted the most powerful army in Europe - it is only fair that we return to this industry in kind.
Sekretariat für Preisüberwachung
The initial price control measures we implemented during the Black Monday crisis are good, but not enough, and run the risk of distorting the market. We shall appoint Carl Friedrich Goerdeler as the first Secretary of Price Controls, and create a secretariat which will handle the control of prices of consumer goods in the German market.
Development of Affordable Commodities
In spite of economic recovery, the standard of living of the average citizen remains staggered, as the common man simply cannot afford modern commodities. An outlandish proposal would be to establish vast state industries which would produce cheap, mass commodities at a depressed price, including apartments, household appliances and cars - but it just might work.
The Man in the High Castle
Parliamentarism, as beneficial as it is to appeasing the people, is prone to weakness and disarray. It needs to be organised and restrained to a system which will promote unity, rather than division. Reichskanzler Schleicher follows this vision, and, surrounded by a like-minded circle, he shall pursue the slow dismantlement of German democracy.
Prod Zentrum to Enforce Party Discipline
One of the largest parties in the German Empire, Zentrum is also heterogeneous, and thus has a history of enforcing party discipline in Reichstag votes to prevent splitting. This discipline can be used against Schleicher's opponents - by prodding Zentrum to maintain discipline, we can prevent them from aligning with an opposition coalition for some time.
Negotiate with Prussian Zentrum
The Zentrum faction in the Prussian House of Representatives is notably more reactionary than their peers, and their leader Franz von Papen is an acquaintance of Schleicher who can be bent to follow his goals. Through this inter-connection, the Reichskanzler may come to good terms with all of the Zentrum Right, and convince them to stay loyal.
Querverbindung
Querverbindung (\
SPD in Wilhelmstraße 63
Since Black Monday, the cabinet in Prussia has grown unstable, and one solution to this disorder is to rely on the left. A coalition between SPD, LVP, the Poles and some defectors could be stable, and though such a coalition leading Prussia is a terror to any Prussian aristocrat, it will also keep the Social Democrats satisfied, for now.
Shuffle Prussian Ministries
Since Black Monday, the cabinet in Prussia has grown unstable and one solution to this disorder is to rely on the right. By giving additional ministries in Prussia to the DVLP, they may become more loyal to the incumbent cabinet, and so give it a backbone to resist attempts to vote it out of power. It will also keep the Nationalists satisfied, for now.
Foment a DVLP Split
The DVLP, though united on the surface, is actually deeply divided between Hassell's national revolutionaries and Hugenberg's reactionaries. Deepening this rift through strategic appointments from one faction or another and personal contacts may finally rip that party apart, and turn it completely powerless to stop Schleicher's dictatorship.
Schleicher-Thyssen Pact
Fritz Thyssen is an infamous industrialist and political power broker who can connect Schleicher with influential business circles and get him to earn their approval. His vision is the only defence the Empire has from syndicalism, after all, and the interests of capital ultimately align with his.
Construct the Propaganda Machine
Through bombastic campaigns and the manipulation of truth, both the Reichstag and the populace can be molded exactly the way the Reichskanzler wants. The vast propaganda campaigns of the Weltkrieg give us the example of how we can string enough representatives into supporting a leader who will restore the Empire's strength and defend it from syndicalism.
Verbal Guarantee of Democratic Liberties
As more and more power is consolidated in Schleicher's hands, the SPD titans need to be appeased, and though their party is too consolidated to just split into irrelevancy, their chant for moderation will be their undoing. A guarantee that the Reichskanzler will maintain democratic liberties and will surrender any additional powers after the crisis will keep them at bay for some time.
Escalate Ruhrkampf Suppression
Though the thousands of workers fooled by socialist subversives may have legitimate grievances, their struggle for rights must take place in the legislative arena, not in the form of violent street clashes. We must mobilise our forces and suppress the Rhenish general strike, swiftly.
Reward Loyal Trade Unions
We must employ the carrot as well as the stick. The trade unions which refused to join the general strike and ordered their members to continue working will be rewarded with state support and additional benefits to their members. This will make the rest of the unionised workforce more interested in dialogue than action.
Deport Ringleaders to the Commune
The aggressive ringleaders of the General Strike, those who aren't prominent enough to be arrested, shall be removed from political life by deporting them to the Communards - they will be brought to the Alsatian border and stripped of their citizenship. May they rot in Paris and its bland worker blocks.
Regime of the Red General
The first year of Kurt von Schleicher's chancellorship has shown that a strong hand is necessary to navigate Germany in today's troubles - the Red General provides it. With the Enabling Act in one hand and a clique of loyalists in another, he will reshape and transform German society, forging a New State which can overcome these adversities.
Establish the Gewerkschaftsbund
We must foster the relationship between the state and labour through a national Trade Union Confederation. Lothar Erdmann, a trade unionist loyal to Schleicher, shall chair this association of all loyal trade unions in the country - and we shall break apart the unions which do not cooperate.
Nationalise the Railways
Ever since the unification of Germany, the railways of the Empire have been divided between several railroad companies controlled by the states, fostering inefficiency and internal competition. In the name of national interest, we shall put an end to this division - all railway companies will be united into one Deutsche Reichsbahn.
Doctrine of National Autarky
The economic policy of Schleicher's regime calls for domestic economic development through cooperation between state and large business. The state must direct the economy, navigate it towards the interests of national defence and the populace, achieve independence from foreign imports, and ensure harmonious development.
Mandatory Union Membership
To control the German proletariat, we shall require every enterprise with a large enough number of workers to have a cell of the Gewerkschaftsbund. Workers will be required to join our state owned trade union, receive patriotic education through their institutions, have loyalty instilled - and receive benefits, such as vacations.
Wehrsportorganisation
Germany was forged by war, became a great power through war, and must never forget war. Slowly, we shall foster a new German militarism — our tool for this goal is the Wehrsport, \
Military Oversight of State Governments
As the social guide of the Empire, the Army must have a greater say in political affairs. We shall establish a policy of Heer liaisons in all member states of the German Empire - these liaisons will cooperate with state governments to represent our interests and nudge those governments towards a more cooperative direction.
Bureaucrat Oaths of Loyalty
We shall require all members of the state bureaucracy to give an oath of loyalty to the Empire, the Kaiser and the Government upon employment - and we will remind them of this oath whenever the bureaucracy tries to resist our actions.
Establish the National Unity Front
The Reichskanzler is followed by a growing clique of loyalists, but so far, they remain merely a clique. It is time to transform this following into a political movement - a front of unity which is intended to supersede any partisanship and establish unity in the Reichstag.
Nationalise the Prussian Secret Police
The Preußische Geheimpolizei has long been infamous among the socialists and national traitors as a powerful weapon in the disposal of the Kingdom - however, the entire Empire needs their service. We shall get the Prussian police agencies into one organisation controlled by the central government and put it to use to establish order.
Mobilisation of the Masses
We must constantly foster our outreach to the masses and establish public organisations which involve as many citizens as possible - state owned youth societies, sports clubs, labour services, unions and party chapters. Our regime must permeate everyday life, and the people must rally behind us to give us an invincible foundation.
Proclaim a National Revolution
Slowly, but surely, the Reichskanzler and his clique coordinate all of Germany to their centralising course. We can loosen our mask more and more, and make it clear - Schleicher has led Germany towards a National Revolution! A transformation which will renew German vitality, unity and strength, and give the yearning masses a sense of purpose which parliamentarism never will.
Break Down the Rules of Legislation
We cannot move against the Reichstag easily, yet, but we have tricks to keep it under control. Nudging and amending the rules of the Reichstag, making it more difficult for the opposition to speak, easier for the government to push through laws, and limiting parliamentary debate to the minimum - it all adds up, creating parliamentarism without democracy.
Towards Corporatist Representation
To keep the Reichstag curtailed and foster our dream of a corporatist New State, we must consider the formation of a new parliamentary body - a council of interests from associations, unions and corporations to represent national interest. It will be an advisory body for now, but we can consider some more... revolutionary changes after the war.
Reichsland-Lösung
The final block in our centralisation programme will be the mediatisation of Prussia - the independent Prussian government will be abolished and its territory will fall under the direct control of the central government. Harnessing all of the Prussian resources in our direct disposal will be an unprecedented rise in Imperial power - and it will make the New State irresistible.
The National Defence State
The totalitarian regimes that are forming among our syndicalist opponents are an inspiration to follow - not ideologically, but because of how well they can mobilise such potential without any restraint. Let us use their weapons against them, and begin the construction of a Wehrstaat - a state by and for the Imperial German Army.
Nationalisation of Critical War Industries
Only the State should hold possession of critical military industries, and so set its own standards and quotas, unrestrained by the so-called free market. While we will not abolish capitalism, we must abandon its principles when it comes to the defence industry - national necessity will drive its production, not greed.
No Resources Left Idle
We must drastically escalate the size of our resource gathering operations, grant financing to new resource exploitation across the Empire and place less profitable mines under state control to keep them operating. We must achieve self sufficiency in resources necessary for the war effort - especially coal and steel.
Mobilisation Protocols
We must establish a larger military reserve and form protocols on the mobilisation of this reserve into the army at a hastened timeframe, allowing us to fill the ranks of the Heer with a greater number of men and quickly.
Sammlungspolitik
All political parties in the Empire must bow to the will of the military and unanimously accept certain policies on economic and military mobilisation, without question. The ideal National Defence State should be entirely apolitical, concerned only with how to win wars fast and efficiently - and achieve total destruction of our enemies.
Reactivate Propaganda Operations
We must reinvigorate national pride and loyalty with greater and greater propaganda drives. Much like before the beginning of the Weltkrieg, the German people must be prepared to go to war, follow the lead of the prideful Heer, and learn to hate our eternal enemies.
Die Konservative Revolution
For over a decade, Germany has not had a proper conservative Reichskanzler, and if you consider that Posadowsky was short-lived, then this gap of decadence lengthens for two more decades. No more - this charade comes to an end, and we shall reshape the Empire according to the vision of proper German patriots in a grand Conservative Revolution.
Renew the Anti-Socialist Laws
Bismarck's Anti-Socialist Laws may have been unsuccessful, but their spirit remains - Social Democracy must cease poisoning the minds and thoughts of millions of German citizens. We will learn from the failures of our predecessors and uproot the strength of socialism among the working class, bringing a cease to pointless class struggle.
Restore the Privy Civil Cabinet
In 1920, the reformers abolished the Imperial Privy Council system, subordinating the Kaiser's advisors to offices controlled by the civilian government. This mistake must not stand. The Privy Civil Cabinet, which advises the Kaiser and handles his communications with the cabinet and state governments, must be restored - and staffed with good, patriotic conservatives.
Engine of the Conservative Revolution
Our Reichskanzler, though above the squabbling of the coalition, has a vision of his own — he will promulgate a \
Suum Cuique
Kleist's next step in his vision of a restored traditional order of community in the countryside will be support to rural charity organisations, churches, temperance movements, and pastor education. Suum Cuique, \
United Front of the German Peasantry
The weakness of the agrarian interest groups lies in their division along ideological, class and confessional lines - through negotiation and force alike, we must unify these disparate groups into one Green Front that can effectively fight for the interests of the forgotten small landholders and large landowners alike.
Curtail the Banking System
The banking system, controlled by urbanites and especially Jews, neither of whom understand the plights of the ethnic German farmer, has drained the life of the countryside for many years. We must establish stricter controls for banks, offer bailouts to indebted farmers, and abolish grain futures trading.
Promote Agrarian Cooperative Banking
The cooperative banking system which sprung up in the German countryside in the 19th century, named the Raiffeisen banks after its founder Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen, is the largest cooperative association in the world. It offers a local, reliable and patriotic alternative to urban banks that we must promote and support in the future.
New German Conservatism
The years after the war were not kind to the Conservative Party - yet, we have regained our bearings and found a new platform to rally the farmers and the upper class behind. Our new conservatism will accept the fundamental, now unquestionable tenets of the parliamentary system, and work within it to defend tradition, patriotism and the rights of the states.
Restore the Cartel of Productive Estates
The Cartel of Productive Estates was established by agricultural, industry and middle class representatives in 1913 to stop the growth of Social Democracy and work towards a stable traditional society where all attempts at liberalisation are neutered. Such an alliance of friendly interest groups will be crucial in our goal of unifying the state, if restored.
Enshrine the Prussian Plural Vote
In 1918, we surrendered to the pressure of the progressives and accepted the end of the three-class voting system in Prussia - yet, they've now begun to push for outright universal suffrage in the state, an unacceptable step forward. We must turn plural suffrage in Prussia into a constitutional amendment and thus prevent it from ever being abolished.
Expand Cross-Partisan Cooperation
Though abused by socialist and liberal ventures, the Reichstag is not inherently a terrible institution, and the moderate parties represented there such as the Liberals and Catholics can find common ground with us on certain points. Let us keep our options open, and hear our compatriots across the aisle out for the betterment of the nation.
New Prussian-Imperial Partnership
Our opponents do not shy away from their centralising goals, putting forth projects which will abolish the Prussian kingdom and replace it with iron-fisted federal rule - our vision is different. The autonomous Prussian government will be retained and their partnership will be restored, putting an end to the interwar squabble between these two regimes.
Carrot-and-Stick Federalism
Our coalition is the only political force which defends the rights and autonomy of the Imperial states - and we must harness this to our advantage. States which cooperate with us and form conservative governments will receive greater support from above and increased funding from the central government, while Socialist governments will be left in the dirt.
Foster Volkskonservatismus
The \
Organic Statehood
Western liberalism does not fit German society. Instead, the ideologues of the DVLP pursue the ideals of the great Prussian reformer Heinrich Friedrich Karl vom und zum Stein - an Organic State, a meritocratic authoritarian regime founded upon the civil service, in which citizens are encouraged to participate via rising the ranks of local administration, rather than via corrupt electoralism.
Promote National Catholicism
The Conservative Revolution cannot be solely a project of the Protestant population - we must constantly expand our outreach to the Catholic community. Instead of fighting for their narrow interests, they must accept the German state and collaborate between religious lines towards the common goal of Volksgemeinschaft.
Establish the Staatsrat
The Staatsrat is envisioned as a national representation of government ministers, administrators and civil servants which will one day replace the Reichstag and concentrate all power in a narrow council of the most educated and deserving to lead. For now, it will merely be an advisory council, serving as a blueprint for the future.
Vanquish Decadent Democracy
With every move, we must take the fight to the cancer of democracy which saps the life of the German nation. We must break down the rules of procedure in the Reichstag and use all political finesse available to reduce its capacity to act, instead concentrating more and more power in the cabinet, the civil service, and the local institutions.
Expand Eastern Colonisation
Set up in 1886, the Prussian Settlement Commission has long been the arm of Germanness in its struggle to consolidate its grip over the East Elbian lands. Yet, the Poles of Posen and West Prussia have neutered its accomplishments by working together to retain their land rights and push back against settlement. Greater state support for the Commission will turn the tide once more.
The Clash of Civilisations
Germany holds a unique role in the history of Europe - in a clash for survival between continents, it is Europe's beating heart and natural leader, the future leader of Großeuropa, an anti-American and anti-Asian bloc. It must completely reshape the face of Europe and become an invincible empire that can defend Christianity, nationality, and tradition.
If we take this focus and accept Russia's offer of conditional peace, we will be able to gain the §YMountain Republic§! from the peace terms.
Abolish Universal Suffrage
Parliamentarism and universal suffrage are both sickening polyps that pave the way for liberal, syndicalist, anti-German intrigues - however, we cannot abolish them both, as the furor would surely bring the monarchy to kneel. If we have to choose, we shall restrict the right to vote - once the Reichstag is composed only of intellectual patriotic loyal men elected via plural suffrage, we have nothing to fear from parliamentarism.
National-Social Principle
Our economic vision is the creation of Volksgemeinschaft - a people's community, where petty class and social divisions are set aside in the name of common labour for the national good. Workers and business owners must work together and make concessions towards one another, for the nation as well as for society.
BfNuW
The League for the National Economy and Labour Community (Bund für Nationalwirtschaft und Werkgemeinschaft) shall be an association of nationalist small and medium businesses aligned with the DVLP. It will fight against international monopolies and pervasive Jewish capital, in the name of a national economy by and for the German ethnos.
Agro-Political Apparatus
The old hands-off policy towards the agricultural sector no longer works and the Junkers can no longer be trusted - we must rapidly build up a food administration which will plan and control agricultural production. The various agricultural organisations must be integrated into the state apparatus and any conflicts betwene them quelled.
The Victory of Democracy
Even when faced against Schleicher's machinations and the reactionary plot of the Schwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition, we prevailed, and a truly democratic coalition cabinet has been appointed. Our ambitions are vast, and as long as we remain together against all differences and keep an eye on the inevitable conspiracies of the reactionaries, we should change the face of the Empire forever.
Restore the Interfaction Committee
The Interfaction Committee was originally established in 1917 to coordinate the actions of the reformist parties during the last years of the Weltkrieg, and ultimately led to the promulgation of the March Constitution. The situation calls for us to reestablish it - a permanent committee of representatives from all coalition members will help find the necessary compromises.
LVP: Endorse Progressive Capitalism
Supportive of the free market and endorsed by business, the LVP desires us to moderate on our aggressive rhetoric and endorse the nullification of the negative effects of capitalism through social reform and cooperation. Business and state working together in the name of progress can ensure the prosperity of the common man.
LVP: Reject Private Education
An important point in the LVP's plank calls for a stronger and wider public education system, at the expense of private schools, to grow a new generation of intellectals with democratic values. We must adopt this demand as our own.
LVP: Enhance Jewish Protections
The LVP desires us to expand protections for the German Jewish community, their loyal supporters and loyal citizens of the German state, against discrimination in employment, the workplace, and trades.
LVP: Abolish the Wealth Tax
The LVP are highly critical towards the wealth tax, one of Germany's few federal taxes, and demand its abolition in order to reduce the burden upon the wealthy and the business owners.
LVP: Abandon Nationalisation Plans
The LVP are highly concerned with the Wissell Plan, which would require the state management or even nationalisation of large industries in the name of the common good. They demand that this plan is shelved and no large scale reorganisation of the economy takes place in the foreseeable future.
LVP: All Demands Fulfilled
We have fulfilled all of the LVP's demands. If their loyalty to the coalition endures, then our concessions have been successful; if they are still plotting to leave the coalition, then they must have merely required our votes for their own agenda and see no more use in cooperation.
Z: Strengthen Catholic Education
Zentrum, being a Catholic party first and foremost, wishes for us to tend to the interests of their constituents - we should strengthen the legal protections for Catholic schools and allow the state governments in Catholic states to establish more of them.
Z: Protect Small Business
Though Zentrum is heterodox on economic matters, the interests of small and medium business are close to their heart - and so they wish for us to protect these companies by reducing business taxes and increasing pressure on large trusts and business cartels.
Z: Infrastructure in Catholic States
Our Zentrum partners wish to show progress to their voters directly and so petition us to invest in roads, bridges, rails and urban infrastructure in the south and west of the Empire.
Z: Transfer the Interior Office
Owing to its large size, Zentrum expects to hold a large share of the cabinet, and now they demand to be transferred the Interior Office, one of the most important offices in the cabinet. Johannes Bell is their Secretary of the Interior of choice - an experienced and capable jurist.
Z: Prevent Liberalisation of Women's Rights
Zentrum is highly concerned with our party's official policy of expanding women's rights - abortion, employment and financial independence. The conservative Catholics that make up much of their electorate are worried and so are their representatives. They demand a vow to abandon this electoral promise.
Z: All Demands Fulfilled
We have fulfilled all of Zentrum's demands. If their loyalty to the coalition endures, then our concessions have been successful; if they are still plotting to leave the coalition, then they must have merely required our votes for their own agenda and see no more use in cooperation.
Minority Bloc: Abolish Language Restrictions
The Minority Bloc has put forth an expected demand - Polish, Danish, Sorbian and French citizens should be allowed to appeal to their local government officials in their native language and federal restrictions on education in minority languages should be abolished.
Minority Bloc: Restrict the Ostmarkenverein
The Polish representatives in the Minority Bloc demand us to restrict the xenophobic and nationalist German Eastern Marches Society, also known as the Hakata or Ostmarkenverein - their close proximity to the far right makes it an enemy to both us and the minority officials.
Minority Bloc: Sell Assets in Poland
The Polish representatives in the Minority Bloc have requested us to cut down on our direct economic influence in Poland and foster good ties with the Kingdom of Poland by selling some of our assets to Polish companies.
Minority Bloc: All Demands Fulfilled
We have fulfilled all of the Minority Bloc's demands. If their loyalty to the coalition endures, then our concessions have been successful; if they are still plotting to leave the coalition, then they must have merely required our votes for their own agenda and see no more use in cooperation.
Agrarian: Protect Agricultural Production
Worried about cheap foreign imports outcompeting domestic production and agricultural subsidies being diverted to military investments, our Agrarian allies wish us to dedicate the necessary attention to protecting our producers.
Agrarian: Rural Development Initiatives
The Agrarian representatives wish for us to invest in the infrastructure in our undeveloped rural regions - improving roads, clearing lands and draining swamps to open more territory for intense agriculture.
Agrarian: Secretariat of Agriculture
The Agrarian representatives wish for the Secretariat of Agriculture to belong to a true defender of agriculture interests - they propose Anton Fehr, a leader of the Bavarian Bauernbund, for this position.
Agrarian: All Demands Fulfilled
We have fulfilled all of the agrarian representatives' demands. If their loyalty to the coalition endures, then our concessions have been successful; if they are still plotting to leave the coalition, then they must have merely required our votes for their own agenda and see no more use in cooperation.
Left-SPD: Free Political Prisoners
The left-wingers in our party are concerned with the numerous socialist activists detained and even imprisoned by our empire's numerous security agencies during the past two decades. While some of them are there for good reason, they demand the obvious cases of witch-hunting to have their sentences commuted or lessened.
Left-SPD: Expropriation of Estates
Our left wing is disappointed by our passive position towards land reform - they demand us to initiate expropriation of certain bankrupt estates in East Elbia and redistribution of their land to landless peasantry and rural workers.
Left-SPD: Oppose Concessions
Our left wing is frustrated with the concessions we have been making to our coalition partners recently - though they understand the necessity for maintaining a united centre-left coalition, they believe that we are debasing our electoral promises by surrendering too much for our allies. If we want to appease them, we should put an end to these concessions for some time.
Left-SPD: A Socialist Secretary
Our left believes that they should be represented in the cabinet. Otto Grotewohl, a rising star among the SPD left, has been handpicked by them as a possible Secretary choice - if we want to appease this wing, we need to put him forward to the Kaiser, and place him somewhere in the cabinet.
Left-SPD: Reinforce Commitment to Socialism
Our left is highly concerned with the revisionist tendencies in the party which call for us to abandon the references to Marxism in our party programme. They believe that we should remain a committed democratic socialist party and demand us to put an end to these rumours.
Left-SPD: All Demands Fulfilled
We have fulfilled all of the left SPD wing's demands. If their loyalty to the coalition endures, then our concessions have been successful; if they are still plotting to leave the coalition, then they must have merely required our votes for their own agenda and see no more use in cooperation.
LVP: NOT IN COALITION
The LVP is currently outside of the Democratic Union coalition and opposes our agenda in the Reichstag.
Z: NOT IN COALITION
Zentrum is currently outside of the Democratic Union coalition and opposes our agenda in the Reichstag.
Minority Bloc: NOT IN COALITION
The Minority Bloc is currently outside of the Democratic Union coalition and opposes our agenda in the Reichstag.
Agrarian: NOT IN COALITION
The Agrarian parties are currently outside of the Democratic Union coalition and oppose our agenda in the Reichstag.
SAPD: NOT IN COALITION
The SAPD is currently outside of the Democratic Union coalition and opposes our agenda in the Reichstag.
Foundations of the Welfare State
While socialism is still a distant vision in our eyes, our first priority should be improvements to the welfare of the common citizen. Let us undertake an ambitious programme of economic and political reform to transform Germany into a state by everyone for everyone!
Social and Economic Equality of the Sexes
The SPD has long vowed to achieve legal equality between men and women, and we have a lot to push even beyond the obvious struggle for women's suffrage. We must legalise abortion in cases of grave danger to the mother's life and provide free access to contraception, and we must strive for equality of opportunity in employment to public institutions.
Deutsche Reichsbahn
For decades, the railways in the Empire have been divided between several state-owned corporations, each one retaining operational independence, which leaves the transportation system inefficient and raises costs of travel to the common man. It appears a full nationalisation of the railways is the only solution - we shall establish the Deutsche Reichsbahn and integrate all state rails into this institution.
Cartel Busting
Though we recognise the efficiency of cartelised business organisation, some of them have simply become too large, too influential and too reactionary, especially in the coal and steel industry. We need to begin applying restrictive measures and foster competitors less hostile to our interests.
The Wissell Plan
The idea of the \
Cooperation with the Cartels
We recognise the efficiency of business cartels - instead of wasting resources on competition, they put all resources they can to improving production and efficiency. Some of their leaders may be hostile to us, sure, but it's nothing we can't resolve through simply talking things out.
Limited Privatisation
Certain unprofitable utilities and corporations currently under state control can be divided and sold to the highest bidder, both to raise additional revenue for the state and to increase the efficiency of production and services.
Municipal Socialism
Sometimes, the greatest improvements to the lives of the people come not from federal laws, but from the work of local governments who understand the needs of their people. We must focus on winning as many local elections as possible and get our men into mayorships, where they can pursue programmes of utility nationalisation, infrastructure expansion and social welfare.
Social Housing Programmes
For decades, Germany has been gripped by a housing shortage, which leaves thousands packed in poor quality homes and raises the cost of living to unprecedented heights. We shall vow to construct a vast number of low cost homes in the outskirts of major cities and provide the impoverished masses with the housing they deserve.
Democratisation of the Service Law
To ensure the civil service's acceptance of our government, we must push through amendments to civil service law which will require all civil servants to make an oath to accept and protect the Constitution - the same Constitution under which we operate, of course.
Restrict Protective Custody in Prussia
Protective custody was introduced into Prussian law in 1848 to allow Prussian police to detain individuals who had not committed any crimes - indefinitely, and without judicial control. We must establish restrictions on this practice, that many of our comrades have experienced, in order to protect the freedom of the individual.
Arbeitsgericht
To ensure just and steady arbitration of labour conflicts and handle other issues regarding labour law, we will establish a Labour Court with nationwide jurisdiction. The presence of a final authority on labour questions will, hopefully, help prevent a second Ruhrkampf by allowing us to address the grievances of the workers through legal channels.
Constitutional Review Committee
We will not be content with simply being handed the reins of government. We must leave our mark on history by pursuing constitutional reform, even more grand than what was achieved in 1920, and finally transform the Empire into a parliamentary monarchy. A committee of Members of Reichstag and legal experts will be tasked with drafting reforms to the Constitution.
Full Parliamentarisation of the Cabinet
Though we may differ in our vision of the future, there is one thing we can all agree on - the Reichstag should be the final authority on all matters of governance, not the Kaiser. The reformed Constitution must grant the power of recommending Reichskanzlers, approving Reichskanzlers, and approving Secretaries to the hands of parliament - without it, we can't claim to have achieved any reforms at all.
Pursue Equal Suffrage in Prussia
In 1919, we achieved a compromise in the Prussian House of Representatives, abolishing the three-class voting system and replacing it with a plural voting system. Though it is considerably fairer, it is still not enough - and now that we have broken the conservative resistance in Prussia, we must finish what we started.
Women's Suffrage
Since the 1900s, the women's suffrage movement in Germany has struggled against the indifference of conservative society and sought to grant millions of German women the right to vote. This injustice will be corrected, and the amended Constitution will specify that all citizens, no matter their sex, have the right to vote.
Proportional Representation
In 1920, we made the first step away from the old and unjust constituency-based electoral system by introducing multi-member constituencies in major cities. Now, however, we have the opportunity to finish the job. The perfect representation of the multitude of interests through proportional representation will guarantee truly responsive governance.
Direct Legislation
For too long, the people have been forced to express their interests solely through the unreliable whims of elected representatives. It is time to improve our democracy by granting our people a new tool to shape the direction of the Empire with - petitions and referenda.
Restore the \
The Frankfurt Assembly of 1848 promulgated the Fundamental Rights of the German People, which may never be violated no matter who takes power - this includes equality before the law, freedom of expression, freedom of the press, freedom of association and habeas corpus. Let us include a modernised version of this document in our Constitution and strengthen our democratic foundations.
Abolish the Death Penalty
Capital punishment is increasingly seen as a barbaric practice incompatible with modern ethics - and the SPD has called for its abolition for decades. Now that we are in position to do so, let us put the guillotines and the shooting squads away, and create a system which focuses on rehabilitation of all but the worst criminals.
Establish the Imperial Administrative Court
The justice system of the German Empire remains decentralised and there is no administrative court with nationwide jurisdiction - let us untangle the complicated enforcement of law in the Empire and enforce a nationwide system of courts, with an Imperial Administrative Court (Reichsverwaltungsgericht) as the supreme authority on all non-constitutional matters.
Uniform Municipal Law
Our new Constitution should include an Imperial Municipalities Law which will establish uniform powers, duties and rights of municipal authorities across the entire Empire. This will drastically reduce the complexity of local laws and make the enforcement of legislation far easier.
Federalisation of Police
Each state of the German Empire operates its own police, although they often cooperate, especially under Prussian overlordship. Let us reform this system thoroughly and constitutionally establish a unified, all-Imperial police force which will maintain law and order from Alsace to Prussia.
Master of the World
The Weltkrieg and the British Revolution made one fact known - we have risen to the peak of our power and influence, and it is lonely at the top. We, the master of the world, have earned the place in the sun we deserve - and our duty today is to defend it. Enemies far and wide seek to topple the German Eagle, so we must always strike back.
The Prittwitz Plan
Ambassador to the United States Friedrich Wilhelm von Prittwitz und Gaffron has noted the deplorable economic and social situation in America, and has predicted that vast conflict may break out across the Union soon, if nothing is done to stop it. For that, he has drafted a plan for an interest free loan to the US which will aid their economic recovery and curtail socialist growth.
German-American Self Defence Associations
It appears that civil war in the United States is inevitable. Our last resort is to make sure that the socialists are suppressed by military force - through our contacts in German-American organisations, we can foster the formation of Loyalist self-defence militias which will rise up for the anti-socialist forces in the civil war.
Department for New World Operations
The beginning of the American Civil War means the end of the Monroe Doctrine for the foreseeable future - which opens all of Central and South America to direct intervention from European powers. Let us use this to our advantage and establish a separate department for operations in the New World in the Foreign Office to expand our influence.
South American Cordon Sanitaire
The growth of socialism in the Southern Cone threatens to consume all of South America - we must not let this pass and begin forming an anti-socialist cordon from trustworthy states in the region, who will be able to work together to stop this threat when the time comes.
§CThese decisions will only be visible if the socialist revolution in Argentina succeeded.§!
Promote Transatlantic Trade
The growth of German influence in the New World opens lucrative opportunities for both sides. Our businesses cannot wait to sell to dozens of millions of South American citizens, and we will fulfil their hopes by easing transatlantic trade through agreements and deals.
Ostwall
Our Eastern allies beg us to help them against impending Russian aggression. To deflect their offensives in advance, we shall begin the construction of a great fortification line stretching across Eastern Europe - the Ostwall, which will make any Russian westward offensive too costly to attempt.
Military Missions to Central Asia
The Central Asian statelets broke free in the Russian Civil War and have survived for two decades - but their independence is threatened by a resurgent Russia. While their chance to survive in a war with Russia is null, German military missions there will earn intel on Russian capabilities which will allow us to prepare for a war against Russia.
Buying Time with Spies
Our foreign intelligence service, Abteilung IIIb, is already aware that the next great European war is inevitable. That does not mean it has to come soon, however. Through clever use of our intelligence assets, we can disrupt our likely opponents and delay their offensive actions until Germany recovers from financial and political troubles.
Operation: Eulen
Led by Papal Confidant Ludwig Kaas and Bishop of Münster Clemens August von Galen, the \
Russo-German Investment Consortium
Ever since the Vilnius Agreement, the Russian economy has been tied closely to the German one - our soft influence can become a powerful weapon if used wisely. We shall establish a Consortium staffed by the largest investors in the Russian market to coordinate our actions and greatly increase Russia's dependency on us.
Stored §YEconomic Sanction Points§! are spent to gain additional §YEconomic Influence§!, up to maximum of two points.
Operation: Jacobus
The regime in London may display a facade, but in truth, many are waiting for the return of the King in the countryside. Scotland, its mountainous landscape perfect for irregular warfare and secret caches, will become the home of a stay-behind organisation whose task is to prepare for Canadian - or our - landings and secure the beachheads.
Expand Colonial Budgets
Our colonies in Africa and Asia have fallen to hard times, struggling with colonial resistance and being unprepared for outside threats. A surge of funding for their economic and defence secretariats will leave them more prepared for the years ahead.
The Second Expedition to China
Ten years ago, our forces landed in China to suppress the socialist revolutionary, Chiang Kai-shek - but his party, the Kuomintang, has risen again thanks to the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces. While we cannot afford a direct intervention again, we still need to aid our allies in China to prevent the rise of a new socialist juggernaut.
If £KR_game_rule_flag_LEP  Nanjing wins the conflict we will gain:
Military Mission to Constantinople
Our Weltkrieg allies in the Middle East, the Ottoman Empire, have not yet fully abandoned their relationship with Berlin in spite of some issues between our states in the past. In addition, they are the only force which can maintain a stable, German-aligned Middle East - there is no reason not to back them and support them.
Invite Balkan and Caucasian States
We must establish a secure southern and southeastern front before the Second Weltkrieg - allying with countries like Bulgaria, the Caucasian statelets, or even Iran and Afghanistan will relieve Russian and Serbo-Romanian pressure and allow our armies to focus on our main enemies.
£GFX_decision_icon_small §YPact with Greece§! will only be available if we did not sanction the Greeks prior, §Y[OTT.GetName]§! is not in our faction, and §Y[BUL.GetName]§! is not in our faction or does not own §YSerres§!.\n\n£GFX_decision_icon_small §YAlign Georgia§! will only be available if the Ottomans have lost the Levant Crisis or §YGeorgia§! owns §YBatumi§!.\n\n£GFX_decision_icon_small §YPact with Iran§! will only be available if we are at war with §Y[RUS.GetName]§!, and the Ottomans have lost the Levant Crisis.\n\n£GFX_decision_icon_small §YPact with Afghanistan§! will only be available if we are at war with §Y[RUS.GetName]§!, and the former is led by §CAmanullah Khan§!.
Mediterranean Overtures
Our colonies in Asia and Africa have increased the strategic importance of Mediterranean control - the shipping lanes in this sea must remain safe, and the states on the Mediterranean coast must align with the Kaiserreich eventually, offering us a secure flank during the Second Weltkrieg.
Form Additional East Asian Regiments
German East Asia is always in need of reinforcements - be it to handle local revolts or Japanese aggression. We have already invested so much in our Asian security, what's a division or two more?
Association of the Indian Ocean
Thanks to our holdings in Africa and East Asia, we can exert influence across the entire Indian Ocean, and a friendly Indian Ocean region is also valuable to us - a hostile India or Indochina would put our Asian positions in jeopardy. We must extend our control and form beneficial alliances with the south Asian states.
Demand Renewal of the Treaty of Metz
After the Weltkrieg, Chancellor Wilhelm Solf secured the Treaty of Metz with the new Communard regime, in which they confirmed that they will abide to the Treaty of Versailles and keep the Franco-German border demilitarised. As both of these terms have been broken de facto, we should pressure Paris to accede - depicting them as warmongers worldwide.
Reinforce Alsatian Fortifications
The revanchism and militancy of the Communards forces us to review the state of our border fortifications in the West. Though we should always expect a victorious lightning war, it should not hurt to give some attention to our defensive measures, either, in case this war turns out differently from the first time.
Austro-German Military Cooperation
The two Kaisers of Europe stood on the same side during the Weltkrieg, and there is no reason for that to change the second time. Let us establish permanent military cooperation between the German and Austrian powers, and teach our southern brethren all the new tactics of war developed in our Kriegsschulen.
Legion \
Our allies in Spain have collapsed to a brutal civil war, in which the syndicalist forces in Catalonia threaten to establish another European power hostile to us. To prevent this growing encirclement of the Kaiserreich, we need to support the monarchists - a legion, named after Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern, the King of Spain that never was, will fight for our interests there.
Leading the Flock
Mitteleuropa is our design, our project. It is only right that we assume a leading role within, ensure that our organisation reflects our interests first and foremost, and draw all the other members of the organisation closer to us.
The European Brotherhood
Mitteleuropa may be our brainchild, but it cannot become an object of oppression. Should we transform it into an organisation of equal European cooperation and co-dependence, it will yield benefits to all of us and usher in a new age of pan-European peace.
Mitteleuropäischer Kohäsionsfond
The large difference in development between Germany and Eastern Europe will distort the internal Mitteleuropa market and is the cause of other issues — such as Slavic immigration into Germany. This can be resolved by establishing a \
New Eastern European Partnership
Our satellite states in Eastern Europe are our first line of defence against the Russians - yet, we also must consider their economic purposes. They were never meant to be free, they are markets for our industry to develop and draw wealth from - and we must strengthen this grip, to make sure they never forget.
Eastern Railway Plan
The railway connections between our homeland and the Eastern European states should be improved so our divisions can quickly deploy eastwards and deter a Russian advance, especially if another Weltkrieg breaks out.
Finance the EEDC
The Oststaaten have jointly created an interesting organisation - a defence cooperation fund targeted towards Russia. This initiative is helpful to us, and we should finance it with surplus money and equipment.
Directorate of Enlargement
We must establish a common mechanism for adding new members into Mitteleuropa and streamline the process of accession into our bloc's numerous economic agreements, which will allow us to add new members into Mitteleuropa and expand our reach.
The Regulation System
We require a mechanism to coordinate the activities of the member states of Mitteleuropa. We will introduce a system of regulations - they will be created with the unanimous assent of the member states (officially, at least), but they will be mandatory for all member states to follow.
Introduce Commission Directives
We require a mechanism to coordinate the activities of the member states of Mitteleuropa. We will introduce a system of directives - mandatory guidelines for all member states which each of them will be able to fulfil according to their own interpretation, retaining their political autonomy.
Parliamentarisation of the Conference
The Mitteleuropa Conference, the assembly of the foreign ministers of the Mitteleuropa member states, is not representative of the greater population. We should replace the makeup of the conference and establish a system of proportional delegations of parliamentary members, forming a pseudo-parliament which will enhance discussion on Mitteleuropean initiatives.
Quota by Budget Contribution
We must make our dominance in Mitteleuropa more institutional, rather than simply based upon our soft power. Let us establish that the quota of votes and representatives in all Mitteleuropa institutions will be weighed according to your contribution to the organisation's budget - where we contribute more than almost everyone added together.
Centralise Headquarters in Berlin
We must move all the Mitteleuropa institution headquarters and offices to Berlin, so the bureaucracy employed in them is drawn from our citizens - who will, naturally, push forward our interests before anyone else's.
Mitteleuropa Court System
The numerous regulations and directives passed by Mitteleuropa may clash with domestic laws of the member states - we must establish an impartial Mitteleuropa Court which will make judgments on such cases. The professional lawyers and judges in its employ will also be able to provide advice to member states on various legal matters.
Principle of Qualified Majority
To further democratise the decision-making process in the Conference, we must establish a principle of qualified majority - any motion can only pass if it is supported by a majority of votes and their corresponding member states make up a majority of the bloc's population.
The Europamark Project
To tie the economies of Mitteleuropa more closely together, we must establish a common reserve currency - the Europamark. Though local currencies will remain, this currency, pegged to the German Mark, will make up the member states' foreign exchange reserves and thus facilitate international trade.
Towards a Single Market
We need to steadily break down the barriers which hinder trade between the member states of Mitteleuropa. Citizens and goods should be able to flow from one state to another with only minimal border checks, of course, assuming we also take strong action against possible flows of crime and espionage.
Directorate of Enforcement
We must establish a Directorate which will oversee all of the member states and hold power to sanction states which do not follow Mitteleuropa regulations to the letter. Of course, this will also serve as a method to expand our political control over the member states.
Conferential Control of Institutions
The Mitteleuropa Commission remains independent of Conference control - no longer! All major appointments to the Mitteleuropa administration must now be approved by the members of the Conference.
The Munich Conference
The Mitteleuropa organisation has become more democratic and more prosperous as a result. Let us apply this experience to the world stage - call a summit of the world's nations and establish an international forum for peace and unity, the Union of Nations.
Officialise Cession of Sovereignty
It is over. After years of reform, Mitteleuropa has become centralised and consolidated under our benevolent leadership. It is time to put an end to this facade and give Mitteleuropa - and, by extension, us - veto power over member governments, officially transforming them into our subjects.
The Syndicalist Blow
The Communards have struck! Millions of French troops, joined by their Russian and British collaborators, are mobilising beyond our border and will not stop at anything but the complete destruction of the German nation and our way of life! This is the final struggle for the fate of Europe, and we must achieve victory at any cost!
Operation: Scharnhorst
Now that our domestic situation has stabilised, we can turn our attention to our Western border. The machinations of the French Communards to topple peace in Europe are well known - if we strike them as a preventive measure, we can ensure that this conflict does not escalate to a second world war.
Cross the Ostwall
A victory has been achieved against the West at lightning speed, and the only power left to oppose German domination of Europe is Russia. We have every single advantage on our side, and it is time we prevent any and all major threats to German power. To Moscow!
Combat Defeatism
The war has caught the German nation unprepared, and many, sapped by years of economic downturn and political squabble, are uncertain whether we will be able to endure a joint syndicalist and Russian attack. Such defeatism must be squashed immediately, and the patriotic spirit of all Germans uplifted. Together for victory!
The Talents of Riefenstahl
Leni Riefenstahl, one of the most talented filmmakers of our age, has recently volunteered to shoot propaganda films for the Imperial Army - an incredible deal. Her awe-inspiring pieces will display the power of the Army and the glory of the Kaiser, and teach the people that they have nothing to fear.
Restore the Notabitur System
A Notabitur is a high school diploma received after a hastened and easier final exam to allow students in the last year of high school to volunteer for the Army in times of war. We must reinstate this system to give our youth a chance to serve their country without impeding their academic goals.
Anti-Sedition Laws
We must once again impose Siege Law and begin a crackdown on the fifth column residing in our country - the syndicalists and radical socialists who will surely sabotage the war effort to aid Paris' victory. They will receive prison and, in extreme cases, the bullet.
Prevent Turnip Winters
The wartime blockade depleted our food stocks during the first Weltkrieg and led to widespread hunger which nearly crippled the faith of our people by the end of the war. We must prevent this from happening again by expanding food stockpiles, fighting profiteering and investing in substitute foods.
Dissolve Socialist Organisations
The war gives us a chance to cripple both socialism and our perennial Social Democratic opponents. Pacifist, socialist and social democratic organisations will be disbanded due to the threat they pose to wartime unity, and the most vocal ring leaders will be detained indefinitely.
Wartime Mobilisation
The sleeping giant must awaken! We must put our industry and our society into war footing. Civilian industries must shift to military production and the production of military materiel must receive top resource and workforce priority.
Relocate Industry
We must move factories from the threatened Rhenish cities and transport their equipment further inland, where they would be safe from enemy bombers and, in the worst case, military occupation.
Conversion of Civilian Industry
In times of war, we require bullets, not butter, and shells, not sausages! We must order civilian companies to move part or all of their production capacity to military goods production.
Fremdarbeiterprogramm
As more and more of our workers are being sent to the front, factories lose necessary personnel and their production capacity suffers. Like in the previous war, women will have to be employed, but another source of labour can be thousands of Eastern European citizens who can be imported here as guest workers.
Expand Wartime Espionage
Our armies require precise intelligence on enemy troop movements, strategies and invasion plans if they wish to prevail. We need to expand the size of our espionage services and root out double agents within our ranks.
Escalate Conscription
The war is turning out to be a total one, requiring a complete dedication of all of each nation's resources to prevail. Our armies are running thin on reserves - we must expand the conscription bracket and hunt down those who slipped through our fingers.
Initiate Military Reform
The German military is the greatest fighting force on the planet - however, even we must consider reform to match the worrying growing strength of our enemies East and West alike. New technologies must be integrated to our ranks, new strategies drawn and new military industries established.
Adapting to Modernity
The military establishment of the Heer is certain that our traditional military strategies are adequate and the extreme rhetoric of the Reformisten and Die Fronde would only lead to destructive results. We should adapt to modern technology somewhat, but retain our proven traditional touch.
Streamlined Mobilisation
The Second Weltkrieg is likely to be a war of the masses, just like the first. We must improve our mobilisation protocols to account for this, and so ensure that the Heer can swiftly enroll reservists for another great conflict.
Adapt Weltkrieg Experience
The Weltkrieg required us to adapt to the rapidly changing times, and proved that a mass breakthrough that succeeds through the will of the infantryman, mass applied artillery and armoured support will break positional warfare and restore mobility to a stalled front. As the second Weltkrieg is also likely to end in trench warfare, we should train our officers with this in mind.
Foster Aristocratic Tradition
Though we cannot close the officer corps to commoners entirely, the military-aristocratic lineages of Prussia should remain the primary source of generals and commanders for the Heer. We must also foster aristocratic tradition in the corps and bolster noble camaraderie among the officers.
Strengthen Interservice Cooperation
The Heer, the Kaiserliche Marine and the Luftstreitkräfte should remain separate, but we do need to strengthen cooperation between them through a streamlined process of common tactical and strategic planning.
Armoured Support Strategy
The Panzer will play a supporting role in future wars. We cannot rely on armoured divisions - instead, the armoured corps should remain in close proximity with infantry and provide them protection, offensive and defensive capabilities.
Mobile Artillery
The artillery piece is the queen of the battlefield and won us the Weltkrieg - it must play a central role in breakthroughs in future wars as well. Instead of stationary batteries, however, we must transition to mobile artillery which has greater freedom of action and can respond to emergencies on the front.
Mass Breakthrough
Once we recognise a vulnerability in the enemy lines, we must do a massive, aggressive breakthrough relying on elite unit infiltration and concentration of force - just like during the Kaiserschlacht. The enemy will be overwhelmed, scattered, and mopped up by the advancing infantry.
Revolt of the Totalitarians
The Die Fronde unites disparate factions which seek a totalitarian transformation of the Heer — from improving the \
Establish the Wehrmacht
For too long, the army, navy and airforce of the German Empire have been independent of one another, hampering communication and cooperation between them. We shall put them all under a unified armed forces structure - the Imperial Defence Force, or the Wehrmacht.
Enhanced Mobilisation Strategies
The Wehrmacht must prepare itself to mobilise and begin offensive operations within 48 hours of an order being given. If a new world war breaks out, we must respond immediately and overwhelm our opponents before they can even react.
Victory or Death
In the eyes of some, the Heer, much like its predecessor, the Prussian Army, must be apolitical and serve as the right arm of the Kaiser. We disagree - our soldiers' minds must be injected with nationalist, patriotic ideology. They need to know that they are fighting for their nation's survival and be willing to sacrifice themselves if necessary.
The Call to Total War
The Weltkriegs are unlike any other conflict before them - they are wars of total resource mobilisation, and only a nation completely dedicated to war will prevail over their enemies. We must heed this call to total war - the German nation will rise to the great struggle as one!
The Psychology of the Footsoldier
Technology can turn the tide of a battle if applied correctly, but only a determined and courageous force reliably wins whole wars. We need to improve the psychology of the footsoldier - instill them with nationalist ideology, improve their conditions, and establish strict training which will turn draftees into warriors.
Unrestrained Warfare
In a total war, nothing is beyond the pale - chemical or even biological weapons must be considered if we wish to break the will of the enemy and shatter them. Let us put an end to measly regulations and moral qualms and unleash unrestrained German power upon our opponent!
Counteroffensive Strategies
After our determined troops endure the first blow of the enemy, we must do a spirited counteroffensive which will create openings in the enemy lines and turn the front into a manoeuvre war. This will allow us to encircle and shatter the enemy divisions. We must prepare for such a counteroffensive in advance.
Stay-Behind Units
We need to establish stay-behind units which can harass enemy supply lines under occupation, drain the resolve of the enemy push, and allow us to shatter them in a victorious counterstrike.
Nationalist Indoctrination
Above all else, the German soldier must believe in the Empire, the Kaiser, and the regime, and understand that he is fighting to save the German race from extinction. Such patriotic feelings will motivate our troops into breaking through even the toughest defences.
The Footsteps of Seeckt
The Reformisten build upon the reforms of Hans von Seeckt and seek to transform the Heer into a professional fighting force. There is no point in holding onto old aristocratic traditions when the masses can bring even more expertise and talent, and technology must be applied for a combined-arms offensive that runs laps around old infantry-based armies.
Reichskriegsamt
For too long, the army, navy and airforce of the German Empire have been independent of one another, hampering communication and cooperation between them. We shall put them all under a unified armed forces structure and establish the Imperial War Office as the official ministry of the army which will be responsible for all national military matters.
Interservice Cooperation
Modern warfare depends on effective cooperation between the army, airforce and the navy - without it, we will not be able to execute any grand manoeuvres or effectively execute out plans for combined arms warfare. Let us put an end to petty interservice rivalries and establish the mechanisms for fruitful cooperation.
Thorough Education of the General Staff
The General Staff need to be educated in politics, strategy and even economics if we wish for them to fully comprehend the scope of the war and make the correct strategic decisions. We must reform our curricula in the War Schools to account for this.
Abolition of Federal Armies
The armies of Bavaria, Württemberg and Saxony retain a certain level of autonomy, and though this has long been a point of pride for these three kingdoms, a unified Imperial Armed Forces need not be divided into Prussian and non-Prussian units. All federal armies shall be merged into the Deutsche Streitkräfte!
Abolish Immediatrecht
Our reforms need to expand civilian control over the military - Immediatrecht, which allows military leadership to bypass the civilian government and speak directly to the Kaiser, will be abolished, and the Reichskriegsamt, led by civilian politicians, will thus be primary intermediary between military leadership and the government.
The Professional Core
The Heer must become a trained, drilled core of motorised, well supplied troops who can rout and destroy even larger enemy forces through the application of superior technology and tactics. We need to drastically increase professionalism of the standing army and improve their equipment.
Combined Arms Offensive
Led by a spearhead of independent Panzer divisions and supported by a vast airforce, our forces will shatter enemy lines and force the war into mobility, at which point we will be able to easily destroy and overwhelm the slow and less trained enemy units.
Top-Notch Training Standards
Our forces must reach the pinnacle of soldierly discipline. We must organise large scale manoeuvres involving units from all branches of the military to prepare for combined arms warfare, and always keep the professional core of the army ready for the next great war.
Open Doors to the Lower Class
For decades, the upper levels of the Heer officer ranks have been dominated by the nobility - limiting us to only a fraction of the intellect and talent of the German people. Let us break down the last barriers to commoner career advancement and create a more inclusive officer corps focused on talent rather than birth.
Yearning for Cannae
For centuries, German military doctrine has been built upon the principles of manoeuvre, encirclement and destruction. The ancient battle of Cannae is drilled into the heads of war academy students as the perfect battle - and we should continue striving for it, improving upon our principles of manoeuvre warfare to create an unstoppable doctrine of modern war.
Second Einkreisungstheorie
Much like before the Weltkrieg, we are becoming surrounded by enemies. This is, of course, the fruit of the villainous plotting of Russians and syndicalists, and not the outcome of mistakes by our foreign policy - however, force of arms will correct this development. This Second Einkreisung must serve as a waking up call for our armed forces and society.
Infantry Motorisation
The advancement of technology allows us to expand the manoeuvre capabilities of our entire infantry force, not just select spearheads, granting a new edge to our forces. Though even partial motorisation of infantry forces will be expensive, it is not impossible to afford, and the boons will outweigh the costs tenfold.
Expand the Kriegsschulen
The War Schools and War Academies have formed the core of the Prussian officer corps since the 17th century, and while they have not failed us, they should be expanded in order to accommodate additional students, especially from the lower classes, to whom we should slowly open up officer positions.
Kampfgruppen Tactical Formations
The Kampfgruppen are ad hoc combined arms formations established for specific tasks at any given moment during a large operation - they are much more elastic than standard divisions and can be formed to respond to immediate needs on the front. We must expand their use across the Imperial German Army.
Annihilation Through Technology
Discipline and faith are not enough to prevail in modern war - and our mobile tactics require greater emphasis on technological development than ever. We must expand our research and development capabilities to annihilate our opponents with superior application of technology - tanks, planes and support gear alike.
Commission Manoeuvre Warfare Textbooks
We must update the textbooks and manuals used by the Imperial German Army to account for the experience of the Weltkrieg and how it affects our doctrine of manoeuvre warfare. There are plenty of theorists in the ranks of our forces who have put their thoughts into words already, now all we need is a consistent theory to follow.
Prepare for Wide Front Operations
In Russia, we will face against rolling plains and forests, in which even vast conscription armies can get overstretched. We must prepare for long distance manoeuvre warfare in the East and ensure that our troops can move with discipline for longer.
Vanquish French Fortifications
In France, we will face against several layers of fortifications, designed to counter our usual aggressive pushes. To compensate, we must escalate our destructive capabilities and gear our forces for a vast combined arms breakthrough on the border.
Develop Mechanised Infantry
Motorised infantry struggles to maintain the momentum of an attack in battlefields obstructed by craters and trenches, and their soft skinned vehicles offer little protection for troops. We must transition towards elite infantry equipped with half-tracks that can keep up with tanks while providing adequate support.
Panzer Divisions
The age of infantry tanks is over. Armour must be massed in independent formations that can achieve sufficient breakthrough and rout enemy armies with its armour and mobility. Once developed, our tank fleet will overrun the syndicalists and the Russians!
Queen of the Battlefield
Armoured warfare must always go alongside adequate fire support. Development of self-propelling artillery will ensure that the Queen of the Battlefield always roars and can always support the advancing armoured spearhead.
Mechanised Wave
We are one of the few countries on the planet which can afford mass deployment of tanks. We must grow the size and number of our panzer divisions, and rely on them as the primary offensive force of our operations.
Tank Destroyers
As we expand our armoured force, so do our enemies — thus, we need a solution to counter enemy tanks. One option is to deploy \
Proliferate Modern Communications
Modern manoeuvre warfare is only possible if we always maintain communications between units and the upper command, as otherwise any offensive will stall due to lacking orders and intelligence. We shall invest more in radio and radar technologies to account for this.
Establish the W-System
Another war is inevitable. Slowly, Germany must enter war footing once more. We shall declare certain factories, \
Industriewerke Network
Merely declaring that existing factories must work for the Imperial German Army is not enough - we shall begin the construction of a network of state-owned munition and weapons plants, the Industriewerke, to expand the existing military-industrial complex.
Reinvigorate Naval Yards
The pride of the German coastal cities, its naval yards which built the invincible Kaiserliche Marine, must return to war footing - we shall grant them new contracts and hold meetings with naval arms manufacturers to receive preferential status and restore our lost potential.
Assembly Line Production Methods
The next war will be a war of mass production, not of individual quality. We must start implementing modern assembly line production in the Industriewerke and other state industries to drastically increase our production efficiency.
Form BRABAG
Surrounded by hostile powers from all sides, we must ensure energy efficiency, and we can achieve this through the advancements of modern technology - brown coal into synthetic fuel, Braunkohlen to Benzin. A state owned company dedicated to the development and production of synthetic fuels will aid us in this venture.
Military Railways
Civilian railways cannot fulfil the task of transporting enormous modern armed forces - infrastructure needs require the development and expansion of state owned railways dedicated solely to military transport, which can supply forces on the front and move troops from one side of Europe to another in a matter of weeks.
Build Up Western Airstrips
To break the syndicalists, we must win the war in the air - and if we want to win the war in the air, we must deploy more and more planes, and have place to store them. New airstrips along the western front will ensure that we always maintain our numerical edge.
Expand Ties with Friedrich Krupp AG
The Krupp conglomerate is one of the most famed steel and arms producers in all of Europe - and our ties with their establishment go a long way back. We must retain and expand these ties, fostering cooperation between our army and the defence industry.
Expand Rifle Testing in WaPrüf-II
WaPrüf-II is the Infantry Section of the Heereswaffenamt, which deals with research, development, testing and adoption of infantry kits. We must reopen contests for modern Heer infantry kits and begin testing new, improved rifles which will gives us an edge in firefights and skirmishes.
New Contracts with Mauser AG
Originating from Württemberg, Mauser has been the primary small arms supplier for the Imperial German Army since the 1870s, and their designs such as the Gewehr 98 are now popular across the entire planet. We must establish new contracts with the company for research and production of infantry equipment.
Develop Self-Propelled Artillery
For most of artillery history, artillery pieces were relatively immobile, horse-drawn at best - modern technology now allows us to surpass this limit and mount high-calibre guns on vehicles, allowing artillery to propel itself across the battlefield. We must investigate these tactics and pursue their widespread adoption in the Heer.
Raketenwerfer
The rocket launcher is a curious alternative to artillery, which is more expensive and less accurate, but allows for greater range and mobility, as vehicle-mounted rocket launchers have little to no recoil and allow the vehicle to leave the field at once. We must focus our research on the Raketenwerfer and deploy our first rocket artillery brigades.
Krupp Railway Artillery Programme
Railway guns are enormous artillery pieces which can blast fortifications to smithereens and are developed by Krupp. Let us adapt their railway artillery programme and field a flock of guns which can blast through Communard forts, letting mobile forces break through with ease.
Expand the HWA Automotive Section
The Automotive Section of the Heereswaffenamt deals with research and development of vehicles, especially tanks. We need to draw additional engineers and companies to the section and expand its funding - this will drastically improve our armour research capabilities.
Panzerabwehrkanone
We are not the only ones who focus on the application of armour - the French and the Russians will surely field armoured forces of their own, and we need to find ways to counter them. The development of anti-tank guns, which can pierce and destroy tanks, is the best solution, and we need to pursue it.
Establish Peenemünde
The advancements of modern aircraft and rocketry require a centre dedicated solely to the research and development of both. Peenemünde, in Pomerania, shall serve this role adequately, as soon as we establish the necessary infrastructure.
Surpass Syndicalist Piercing
Doubtlessly, the French will develop greater and greater armour piercing capabilities to counter our armour - this can only be answered with even heavier armour. Heavy tanks, with several layers of protection, will become behemoths of the battlefield, totally invulnerable to almost anything.
The Enigma Machine
Intelligence gathering has been a key part of warfare since its early beginnings - and with modern technology, we can make our actions truly in decipherable. The Enigma machine has been presented to us as an uncrackable code writer that will ensure our permanent advantage against syndicalist deciphering efforts - we need to put it to use.
Establish the Uranverein
Recently, our physicists have taken interest in the potential of so-called \
Zuse Apparatebau
Konrad Zuse is a young genius who has managed to pioneer groundbreaking computing technology from very humble means. He built the world's first programmable computer in a Berliner flat, with a box of scraps! Granting him the funds to set up a computing company will allow us to put his skills to use in military and civilian applications alike.
The Operational Air War
Transferred from the ground forces to the Luftstreitkräfte, Walther Wever is a representative of the Seecktian reformist faction in the air force. His programme involves a balanced approach that would advance both direct offensive support and long range bombing.
Support the Armoured Spearhead
The air force is able to support advancing ground forces independent of railways - motorised units, armoured cars and especially the Panzer divisions. Disrupting the movement of enemy forces and targeting units on the ground will ease the breakthrough of our front line, enabling encirclement and annihilation.
Tactical Annihilation
We cannot rely solely on close air support - the necessity of targeting enemy infrastructure and industrial facilities requires the development of medium and long range bombers that can strike our foes near and far.
Airbase Destruction Focus
A long range bomber fleet must first strike enemy military infrastructure - above all them, air bases. Should we cripple the enemy air fleet while it is still on the ground, it will leave them helpless against total disintegration of their ground forces.
Long-Range Bombers
We must consider projects that push long range bombers to their technological limits. Perhaps, it will be possible to design a plane which will be able to reach all the way to the Ural mountains - the ability to cover such immense ground from a single air base would be indispensable.
Push for Transfer of the Naval Aviation to LSK
When the Luftstreitkräfte was finally turned into an independent branch of the armed forces of the German Empire, compromises had to be made, most notably leaving naval aviation to the all-imperial fleet. Representing the reformists, who seek to transform the Army into a modern armed force, Wever has actively pushed for redress of this agreement.
Tannenberg in the Air
The Battle of Tannenberg was won with the disruption of Russian infrastructure and communications, allowing the great marshal Hindenburg to defeat them in detail. A capable air force will be able to accomplish this even more easily, targeting supply lines and railways to cause chaos behind the front.
Shattering Swords
Wolfram von Richthofen, as well as his cousin Manfred, the Red Baron, are supporters of the traditional approach of the Luftstreitkräfte - close air support and a powerful fighter plane corps which will ensure dominance in the skies, and allow the air force to cut costs by abandoning expensive strategic bomber plans.
Dominate the Skies
The war in the air can only be won by a massed force of fighter planes, which will crush the enemy wings and give free reign to our dive bombers to lay waste to the enemy forces. Let us make this our top priority.
New Fighter Ace Cult
Though fighter aces cannot win the war in the air alone, they serve as great propaganda icons and can be used to rally the home front around their impressive heroism. Much like during the Weltkrieg, we will foster a cult of these ace pilots and use them as an anchor to keep our war support afloat.
Dive Bomber Design
A dive bomber needs to be fast, precise and deal a lot of damage at once, disorganising the ground defences of the enemy and allowing the armoured spearhead to punch through the scattered troops. We must push our plane designers to achieve these design goals.
Economy of Scale
Dive bombers and fighter planes can be produced on a far greater number than their larger counterparts - and we must use this to our advantage. A massive air fleet composed of smaller planes will be able to overwhelm the enemy with sheer numbers.
Ground Support Tactics
In order to ensure that our ideal method of combined arms ground support is always pulled off without a hitch, we must improve communication and cooperation between the air force and the mobile units, and test these tactics in manoeuvres in advance.
Destruction of Will
A supporter of Giulio Douhet's ideas of complete annihilation of enemy will to fight with strategic bombardment, Robert Knauss is a radical choice aligned with the Psychologists - and he will seek to transform the Luftstreitkräfte into a terror inducing machine.
Strategic Bombing Fleets
Construction priority must be given to long range strategic bombers, and we must form entire fleets of bombers in order to lay waste to enemy facilities and cities before they do so to us.
Firepower Focus
The wars of the future will be won not via advanced tactics or individual heroism, but via enormous firepower. Nowhere else is this more clear than in the air force - with each passing year, our capacity to destroy grows greater and greater. Let us embrace this focus and overwhelm the enemy!
Terror Bombing
Though it may seem inhumane, the destruction of cities and targeting of civilian buildings is necessary to break the enemy's will to fight. However, if it ensures lesser casualties for us - and for our enemy, as they will surrender sooner rather than later - these losses are acceptable.
Strategic Target Analysis
We must establish departments tasked with analysis of enemy industrial capabilities and the most crucial elements of their production grid - so they can subsequently be annihilated by our strategic bombers, crippling their ability to replenish their losses and bringing them closer to capitulation.
Bomber Aerial Combat Tactics
Though bombers will never be able to compete with fighter planes in air-to-air combat, they are not entirely helpless - and adding long-range escort fighters to our bomber squadrons will ensure we have back-up and prevent the enemy from simply annihilating our pilots during their raids.
Fortify the Cities
While ideally no enemy bomber will ever reach the Ruhr, we must be prepared for even the worst possible outcome. When our airforce cannot stop the enemy fleets, our last line of defence, stationary anti-air towers, will keep our cities safe.
FuMG Detection
The science of using electromagnetic waves for object detection has a long history in Germany and we must remain pioneers in this field. Physicist Rudolf Kühnhold in the Kaiserliche Marine has presented successful experiments in creating a Funkmessgerät - radio measuring device, which will detect incoming planes and ships from farther than the eyes can see.
Sturmgruppen
The bomber fleets fielded by the syndicalists require a counter - massed wings of heavy fighter interceptors, which can chase and intercept strategic bombers, will ensure that enemy bombers will be picked off and destroyed before they can deal any damage to our industry.
Night Operation Training
The night offers significant challenges to air operations, but provides advantages as well - covered by the veil of darkness, our planes could lay waste to enemy positions before they even know what hit them. We must establish special training regimen for our pilots to ensure that they fight in the night as well as in the day.
Proliferation of Anti-Air Batteries
As many planes as we produce, they cannot cover the entire front - this gives ample opportunity for enemy bombers to pick off vulnerable infantry formations before our fighters can intercept them. Providing our troops with mobile anti-air batteries will eliminate this concern.
Reform the HWA Aerial Section
The Aerial Section of the Heereswaffenamt deals with procurement, research and development of new aircraft - granting it additional funding and establishing additional sub-sections for new plane categories will allow us to retain the technological edge.
Develop the Aircraft Industry
We must establish permanent contracts with major aircraft producing companies and thus allow them to tap into their full wartime production potential. Civilian plane assembly lines can be retrofitted to build fighter planes and bombers - and we will need a whole lot more of those in the future.
Collaboration with Siemens-Schuckert
\
Form the Parachute Divisions
Development of parachutes and transport planes provides the opportunity for aircraft to not just support, but launch invasions. We must immediately pursue this path - our Parachute Divisions will deploy behind enemy lines, capture strategic points and islands, and paralyse the enemy before the full invasion force arrives.
Expand the Luftkriegsschulen
The \
The Second Naval Plan
The plans of the great admiral Alfred von Tirpitz to expand the Imperial German navy were not completed by the Weltkrieg, but they prove that a strong navy is necessary for a great power. A Second Weltkrieg approaches, and we must once again expand and reform our navy to meet the challenges of the day.
The Submarine Arm
Our submarine fleet performed admirably in the Weltkrieg, even if their operations led to several diplomatic incidents. Even as we expand and reform the surface fleet, we must not forget the efficiency of underwater operations and expand their size as well.
Elektroboot
An electric submarine, unlike previous designs, would be able to operate underwater for very long periods of time without requiring to surface - a crucial step in submarine design which would drastically enhance their stealth and offensive capabilities. We must investigate this idea.
Revised Rudeltaktik
During the Weltkrieg, British ships began to assemble into convoys, which pushed our U-boats to organise into \
Cartelise the Shipbuilding Industry
We must enhance the efficiency of ship building by encouraging smaller naval companies to unify into cartels - if it works for automobiles or steel, it will work for ships. The Deutsche Schiff- und Maschinenbau, a unification of eight private shipyards, will be the crowning jewel of a cartelised naval industry.
Activate the Flottenverein
The Flottenverein, or the Navy League, led by Adolf von Trotha, has campaigned in support of naval expansion since the early 1900s — and now that we are expanding our fleet once more, their propaganda support will be valuable yet again.
The Three Imperial Shipyards
The shipyards of Kiel, Danzig and Wilhelmshaven are known as the Three Imperial Shipyards, as the produced the majority of the ships for the Prussian and Imperial navies. We must expand their facilities and sign new contracts with the shipyard authorities to bolster our naval production there.
Remilitarise Germaniawerft
Friedrich Krupp Germaniawerft is one of Germany's largest civilian ship building companies - yet, as the war looms closer, they must begin the switch to military production. Ocean liners and sailing ships will be replaced with submarines and battleships.
Bailout Vulkan Werft and Schichau-Werke
Vulkan and Schichau-Werke were key shipbuilding companies for our fleet during the Weltkrieg, but the years of peace have left them in dire straits. We must offer a bailout to these companies and sign lucrative military shipbuilding contracts with them, keeping them afloat and expanding our naval production further.
Flugzeugträger A
Experiments after the Weltkrieg have shown that air power is likely to play a crucial role in the naval battles of the future - planes launched off specially designed carriers can strike farther and deadlier than even the heaviest battleships. We must award a contract to a company to begin construction of Flugzeugträger A - Germany's own aircraft carrier.
H-Class Battleships
The future of naval design will be a never ending quest for bigger calibre of cannon. Let us construct true goliaths of the sea - H-class battleships, which will tower over the measly surface ships of the past and punch holes in enemy fleets.
Expand Naval Aviation
The cooperation of naval and aerial forces has become increasingly crucial in operations at sea - naval bombers can support surface fleets or even conduct bold bombing raids to take down key enemy ships att by themselves. We must expand our fleet's naval aviation section to accommodate this.
Wegener Doctrine
The balance of power may have shifted, but our primary enemy hasn't changed - the Union of Britain must be defeated in open battle at sea. Wolfgang Wegener has a vision of an aggressive fleet that will incite the British into open battle through convoy raiding and break them with superior firepower.
§YWe will choose Wolfgang Wegener's vision for the Kaiserliche Marine - a full focus on open battle with the British syndicalists in the North Sea and the firepower to break them.§!
Fast Battleships
We must task our ship designers to create smaller, but faster battleships which will be able to serve dual role as line ships and as convoy raiders thanks to their combined speed and power.
Strike Force Concentration
A large enough concentration of ships and cannons can break through any fleet - and we shall take this principle to its natural conclusion. Our operations in the North Sea will see a vast concentrated force crushing through measly British task forces!
Expand the Seebataillone
Marine forces are necessary if we wish to acquire strategic basing in the North Sea region and force enemy fleets out of their ports for a decisive battle which will crush the British fleet and allow us to reign supreme. We must expand our Sea Battalions for this plan.
Prepare for the Norway- Shetland Gamble
Once the war begins, our fleets will advance towards the gap between Norway and the Shetland isles and establish a blockade on all shipping which will force Britain into sending their fleet against us. This will incite a decisive battle which we will win, as long as we are prepared!
Offensive Officer Training
The commanders of our ships must be trained with the offensive plan of decisive battle in mind, they must know the ins and outs of surface fleet combat and learn to take risks when necessary. We must root out the old guard and replace them with brilliant and aggressive young officers, as well.
Policing the North Sea
Our fleets must police the North Sea during wartime at all times, and register all movement of hostile fleets, all with the intent of drawing out a decisive battle which will sink the British fleet to the sea and grant us dominance in the oceans!
Raeder Doctrine
Our new worldwide empire and challenges from several fronts require us to rethink our naval approach. Erich Raeder's double-pole approach and emphasis on carrier task groups will allow us to target and harass our enemies' lines worldwide.
§YWe will choose Erich Raeder's vision for the Kaiserliche Marine - a balanced approach that will emphasise worldwide operations by combined arms carrier task groups.§!
Combined Arms Task Forces
Our surface fleet must be organised into task forces with capital ships and carriers as their backbone, supported by auxiliary ships, and tasked with a specific mission or objective - this system of operations, responding to the needs of the war rather than rigidly following flotilla numbers, will be much more effective.
From Memel to Noumea
Our naval forces should be able to operate beyond our home waters in Europe - the entire Empire must be defended from enemy attacks. We must prepare our fleets for long distance operations and contract ship designers who would be able to answer these needs.
Double-Pole Approach
Rather than concentrating on a single decisive battle in the North Sea, we must force the syndicalist fleets to stretch themselves out by engaging them both in home waters and in the Atlantic - give their convoys and fleets no reprieve and besiege their nations.
Worldwide Supply Route Annihilation
Long distance operations will allow us to expand the reach of supply route raiding and target enemy convoys worldwide, pushing their logistics system to the absolute brink and forcing their fleets out of port, into a standoff we are certain to win.
Speed and Cooperation
Our task forces must emphasise swift organisation, movement towards the objective, and cooperation between different arms of the navy to create a perfect symphony of destruction.
Expand Long-Distance Bases
We must expand and outfit bases outside of Germany to house our large fleets operating worldwide - otherwise, our strategy of long distance operations will simply have no effect, and our colonies will be starved by enemy raiders.
Pax Germanica
Near and far, our enemies were numerous. For the first time since 1919, the hegemony of the German Empire was truly under threat. Yet, in spite of all they threw at us, our armies prevailed. The heroes return home, having cemented our reign for generations, and a new era of glory and prosperity begins.
Near and far, our enemies were numerous. For the first time since 1919, the hegemony of the German Empire was truly under threat. Yet, in spite of all they threw at us, our armies prevailed. The heroes return home, having cemented our reign for generations, and a new era of glory and prosperity begins.\n\n§YPostwar content is now unlocked.§!
Construct Victory Arches
In the Second Weltkrieg, we lost many, and killed even more. Our sacrifices will be honoured, and our enemies will be humiliated, with the construction of victory arches throughout the Empire. Standing before plaques and pedestals, we may then move on from our postwar fervour for good, and think about the future.
Woe to the Vanquished
Our rivals in Europe stand defeated and occupied. In 1919, we were too soft on the French, basically letting them go free after taking border territories, and we couldn't even touch the Brits. This mistake will not be defeated - though nation building, we will crush our enemies' dreams of revanchism and consolidate the European order.
The Fifty-Percent Plan
We must cut down our enemies' industrial capabilities if we wish for them to never challenge us again. Let us set a goal - the defeated puppet states must have their heavy industry reduced to 50% of prewar levels. That which is not retained will be shipped to Germany wholesale - machinery, equipment and all.
Seize Intellectual Property
Our enemies' scientists have created numerous inventions and patented them - this intellectual property now belongs to us. Their technological and scientific know-how now belongs to us - patents will be seized, research will be harvested, designs will be taken and applied in German factories.
Commandeer Ships and Aircraft
To ensure that our occupied enemies can never start a Third Weltkrieg, we must ensure that they have no more heavy weapons capacity. We will seize the ships and aircraft once operated by them and put them into our army's reserves, and ban the production of any new ones. If their militaries are ever established, they will merely be small numbers of ground troops for border policing.
50-Year Coal and Oil Leases
The resource deposits in the occupied zones could be used for the reestablishment of a military-industrial complex if they are returned to French and British hands - so, we will seize them for ourselves. Fifty years should be enough to profit from our enemies' resources and root out their revanchist ambitions.
Promote Light Industry
Export of heavy industrial products from our occupation zones will be banned, and instead we will promote leather goods, beer, wines, spirits, toys, musical instruments, textiles and apparel for export. This will neuter the heavy industry in these territories and make it impossible for them to swiftly rearm.
The Lille Territory
It is unlikely that France will be able to pay reparations for all the damage it caused to us during the Second Weltkrieg by itself. So, let us occupy the resource rich surroundings of Lille and establish a resource extraction territory which will send all of its production to the German market and allow us to profit.
De-Syndicalisation
The poisonous ideology of syndicalism runs deep among the population of the defeated syndicalist states. We must reeducate these people - teach them the truth, the real truth, about the Commune and the Union, destroy syndicalist organisations, and create a compliant, pacifist society.
Recruit Collaborators
The syndicalist states faced numerous internal enemies - religious groups, liberal and conservative politicians, and monarchists, who will be willing collaborators as long as we reach out to them. We will offer them positions in the occupation administration and prepare them for national leadership.
Orchestrate Formation of New Parties
As much as we might want to, we cannot simply leave the syndicalist states and declare that our job is done - we must leave behind a stable political system which will not fall to radicalism again. Let us encourage the formation of new, enduring political parties which will be able to succeed us and keep their country peaceful and compliant.
Allow Local Elections
To show our intent to leave our occupied states and return control to their citizens, we should hold regional elections and mayoral elections, of course, only for candidated approved by the military administration. This will also gauge the strength of our newly established collaborationist parties.
Destroy Resistance Cells
Though the syndicalist armies have been broken, a handful of holdouts remain - retreating to the shadows, they are causing trouble in our supply lines and are sabotaging our desyndicalisation activities. We need to expand our presence in the occupation zones and root them out.
Establish Local Police Forces
To reduce the burden on our occupation forces, we must transfer more and more duties to local collaborators - allow them to establish volunteer groups and police which will fight syndicalist resistance for us and also build popular trust in our occupation.
Amnesties for Low-Level Officials
Though many officials in former syndicalist administrations were die-hard believers, some were not - they had only entered service for careerism or because they had no other choice. Though they cannot be fully trusted, we can offer amnesties to some of these officials and integrate them into our occupation regime to smoothen its day-to-day operations.
Restore Civilian Administration
Our hard work has paid off, and we can finally allow the election of a constitutional convention in our occupation zones which will establish new systems of government - which means we can leave and transfer all power to the collaborators. Of course, this does not mean that we should trust them.
The Russian Federation
After victory on the Eastern Front, we established a new Russian state - but simply defeating Russia in war is not enough to ensure that it will never challenge us again. We will rewrite its constitutional system, turn it byzantine and convoluted, and promote the interests and identities of its numerous ethnic minorities through large territorial autonomies - so that Russia would spend more time fighting itself than plotting a rebellion.
Take Over Scapa Flow
Having defeated Britain, we must seize their main naval base in the North Sea - Scapa Flow in northern Scotland, which oversees the northern entrance into the sea. It now belongs to us - we will seize it and turn it into a German naval base, and with it, we will turn the North Sea into our sea.
Deutsches Weltreich
Victorious in Europe, the Eagle now spreads its wings - and it has many places to fly to. As the unquestioned leader of the world, we must continue intervening, reshaping Asia, Africa and the Americas how we see fit - and challenge the last rivals remaining.
Form the National People's Union
Victorious in the Second Weltkrieg, we have earned the adoration of the masses - let's put it to use. We will unify the German right at last, and establish the National People's Union - which will establish itself as the permanent guide of the German people in the transformation of the Empire into a prosperous conservative state.
Ban the Social Democratic Party
At last, the Social Democratic giant has been crippled - through tactical sabotage of their auxiliary organisations and party grassroots, the SPD is weak enough that we can safely ban it without facing a revolution. Of course, it is unlikely that the Social Democrats will take this lightly, either...
Proclaim Death of German Syndicalism
It was not long ago that traitorous syndicalist organisations within our borders loudly proclaimed that Germany would fall to the reds. Indeed, they all had contempt for the German nation and its way of life. But now, they and their foreign backers have been vanquished, and Germany stands tall as the vanguard of anti-syndicalism - now and forever.
Establish the Bismarckjugend
The renewal of Germany cannot be complete if the young generation is not instilled with patriotic values and Christian faith. Let us establish an official right-wing youth organisation for the DNVB - the Bismarck Youth.
Conservative Democracy
Though we respect the parliamentarian traditions of the Empire, we must do what we can to restrain the passions of the German people and serve as their patriotic, experienced caretakers. Parliamentarism is tolerable, as long as it is constructive, and so we will assume a leading position while our electoral opponents will calmly work with us.
Defensive Power Projection
While radical populists in the DNVB would have us on an international crusade, the Reichskanzler and his advisors appreciate German hegemony for the delicate balance it is. We will focus on keeping every corner of our global reach safe and our might respected through naval and armed presenses, deterring threats rather than inciting them.
An All-Christian Conservative Party
We must bridge the gap between Catholics and Protestants. Both religions have patriotic conservatives who care for the German nation deeply and are more alike than different. We must welcome them into the DNVB and expand our reach southwards.
Adjust the Constitution
We must fix some of the imperfections in the Imperial Constitution. Some of the reforms in 1920 gave too much power to the Reichstag, while others make it too easy for socialist agitators to spread their ideology among unsuspecting German people. Our control over the Reichstag should allow us to fix these issues safely.
Tactical Social Reforms
We need to retain the faith of the people to keep them from falling to socialism, much like Bismarck many years ago - we will improve upon the welfare state and grant subsidies to the countryside to maintain their growth and keep the people placated.
Defang German Liberalism
It is not just social democracy which threatens the Conservative Revolution - certain liberals have grown too aligned with socialists to be left untouched. We must foster the revival of the National Liberalism of the old days, and thus create a more cooperative liberal movement.
Revival of the German Soul
At last, we can complete the revolution - the failed, mechanistic illusions of liberalism and parliamentarism will be eradicated and an organic system built upon German values will arise in their place. Now is the time for action and revival!
National Representation
The Reichstag shall be replaced with the National Representation, formed out of the professional civil service, grown in local communities where the elite and the most talented will be selected for a lifetime's service to the German Volk. It will have no parties and no divisions.
Restoration of Christianity
These modern times have led to a downfall of Christian values, and all virtue as a result. Crime and degeneracy have become a daily sight, all because we have distanced ourselves from our faith and nationality. No more. We shall dedicate our state to faith and virtue as much as we dedicate it to the nation itself.
Rule of the Natural Elite
It is a fact of life that those who are the most well educated and the most noble should rule. We must break down the last vestiges of democratic representation and ensure that all positions in the administration are earned through a strict hierarchy of appointments. The German way of life desires such a hierarchy.
Weltvolk
The German Volk has always desired to expand and rule - it should not be restrained. The post-Weltkrieg future will see Germany become the unquestioned ruler of greater Europe and the leader of its struggle against enemies far and wide, until it establishes a vast empire.
Permanent Enabling Act
To institute all of our reforms and ensure that they are never overruled, we must be able to rule by decree. Nobody - neither the representatives below, nor the Kaiser above - will be able to stop our Conservative Revolution.
The Schleicher Constitution
Victorious in the Second Weltkrieg, we have earned the adoration of the masses - let's put it to use. We will call an extraordinary session of the Reichstag and approve a number of amendments to the Bismarckian Constitution which will do away with unwanted federalist elements and create a centralised, more powerful German Empire.
The Social Role of the Heer
Our armed forces have always been the backbone and the soul of the Prussian and the German nation. Their function in society is to unite disparate ideas and movements behind a common cause. Now that it is finally in charge, it can make this ideology into a reality.
Mobilisation of Society
Our Germany is like a regiment always on the march. At every turn, we must rally more resources, bring more soldiers to the army, raise more support for our cause. We must escalate our control over daily life and erode the last limits on our power, for the sake of the Empire.
The Spiritual Reconstruction Forces
Together with heavy industry advocates and the Hugenberg-Group, we will establish the Association for the Promotion of Spiritual Reconstruction Forces - a business association which will finance propaganda and expand control over the media, to ensure that the people hear only what we want them to hear.
Preußentum und Sozialismus
In truth, the German people are inherently socialistic - not the vile anarchy of the syndicalists or the Marxists, no, but the sense of community, discipline, productivity and self-sacrifice through which they devote their all to their nation. Let us turn this into a tenet of our new regime's ideology. In our new Germany, everyone - business and worker - will work for the common good.
Abolition of Partisanship
Nothing divides society more than political parties - the fact that they only represent a part of society rather than the whole is in their name. We shall finally put an end to this despicable practice - only the Front, which is explicitly not a party, but a union of all German nationalists, can be a representative of the German people.
The Staatskommissar System
It is time to put an end to the weakness that is the federal system. All state governments will be replaced by commissars, much like the one we established in Bavaria after their insurrection. Once these governments are removed by force, we can start merging and disbanding states until we end up with a rational map of powerless state units.
The Unity of Army and State
Even after Schleicher, and if we return power back to civilian Reichskanzlers, we must ensure that the Heer, as the social guide of the state, always retains power over state operations. They must be allowed to veto government actions and Reichskanzler appointments, and society must serve to support the Army.
Disband the Bundesrat
The Schleicher Constitution has abolished the Bundesrat, but now we need to finalise the process by moving all of its former duties to the courts and to corporatist representative bodies. We shall never give the states such representation again - that much is certain.
The Kaiser still has theoretical ability to remove us from power and set back our takeover of the state - let us put an end to this threat by forcing him to surrender almost all of his executive power. We will retain the monarchy at the throne, but it will be powerless - all decisions will be done by a sprawling dictatorial clique centred around the National Unity Front, the heirs to Reichskanzler Schleicher.
[Root.GetSecondParliamentarisationName]
The Second Wave of Parliamentarisation
The Constitution of the Republic
Victorious in the Second Weltkrieg, we have earned the adoration of the masses - let's put it to use. We shall call forth an extraordinary session of the Reichstag and enact a thorough reform of the Bismarckian Constitution, putting out reformist democratic ideals on paper and turning them into law. Germany shall, henceforth, become a true parliamentary democracy.
Christian Democracy
The Christian People's Party has won the election. The downfall of Prussian conservatism has turned us into the flagbearer of the new German right - modern and democratic, accepting of economic reform, and founded upon all-Christian ideals. Let us put our agenda into practice.
Promote Christian Unions
We must foster the development of CVP-aligned union organisations, not just in the Catholic South and the Rhineland, but also among the Protestants in Saxony and the northern cities. The working class must distance itself away from socialism and align itself with pragmatic conservatism.
Hermes' Agriculture Recovery Plan
Our ideologue on agricultural policy, Andreas Hermes, has drafted a plan on agrarian reform, which includes reorganisation of land ownership in the countryside, promotion of agricultural cooperatives and cooperative banking, and absorption of moderate Protestant organisations into the CVP-aligned VdB. Let us enact his plan to strengthen our control in the countryside.
The Social Market Economy
Unlike the SPD, we are committed to a market economy, but that doesn't mean that we fall in with the Liberals. The state must maintain a certain amount of intervention to foster healthy competition and prevent monopolies. The ideas of the so-called \
Combat SPD Dominance Among Labour
The unions are the source of the Social Democrats' power, and breaking this source will turn the workers into a competitive electorate once more. Let us support our union wing further and appeal to religious workers in order to reduce the SPD's dominance among the proletariat.
Defend States' Rights
Since the SPD is increasingly positioning itself as the centralist party, we have to assume the federalist niche. The rights of the constituent monarchies must be protected, as they are much closer to local concerns than a distant federal government in Berlin, and we must respect the local histories and traditions of German states.
The Second Mandate
The Social Democratic Party has won the election once more. The people have given us a second mandate and we will use it to continue the reforms we began and building up a state which cares for all, not just for the wealthy and the privileged.
Complete the Welfare State
We must build upon our achievements before the Second Weltkrieg and strengthen the social security system, raise pensions, expand access to healthcare and thus finalise the creation of a welfare state - a system in which capitalism is tempered by a system that cares for the poor and the downtrodden.
New Social Democracy
By now, it has become clear that our days of permanent opposition are over. Leading the German nation for almost a decade, our leaders now see that productive work towards regulated capitalism will lead us farther than vague dreams of revolution. Let us call forth a new Party Conference and draft a new programme, which will remove the last vestiges of Marxist theory from its pages at last and declare that we are a \
The Natural Party of Governance
Our enormous size and the proof of our ability to work with the establishment should make us a natural choice for leadership. Established in federal and state level governments for long, our politicians will gather the necessary experience to make the wheels of governance turn faster and more efficiently.
FfW Banking Reforms
The disaster of Black Monday was one of the worst crises of modern German history and could not have come at a worse time. To prevent future economic failures of this scale, the causes of the crisis have been studied by our friends in the Forschungsstelle für Wirtschaftspolitik and we will legislate their recommendations to stamp out negligence and corruption.
Pursue Civilian Control of the Army
In the reforms to the Wilhelmine Constitution, one point we were unable to achieve much progress on was civilian control of the military, yet not all is lost. The Reichskriegsamt is a good start, but we will expand its powers and so bring the Imperial German Army closer and closer in line with the wishes of the civilian government.
Prussian Local Government Reform
Prussia's dominance among the German states has long been a headache for reformists in Germany - though we cannot dismantle Prussia, we can get close. Prussia shall be decentralised, regions such as the Rhineland and Hanover will receive local parliaments, and these parliaments will receive a certain number of Prussia's Bundesrat votes which they can use at their own will.
The Liberal Resurgence
The Liberale Volkspartei and their allies have won the election. Together, we shall build a Germany where any man - regardless of wealth or status - can thrive.
Emphasise the Private Sector
One thing that most economists can agree on is that private firms are simply more efficient than state-owned enterprises. Thus it is only natural that we support them: granting subsidies to our most adventuring entrepreneurs will allow the private sector to grow and the economy with it.
Mitteleuropa as Example
It was the liberal thinker Friedrich Naumann who laid out the idea for Mitteleuropa, which was put into practice not long after his death. Mitteleuropa has evolved significantly over time, but the free trade it brings is a benefit to all, not just Germany. We must stay involved in efforts to continually expand the responsibilities and duties of the organisation.
Enhance Minority Protections
Those seeking to undermine our minority Jewish and Polish population have been proven wrong time and time again. Beyond all doubt they have proven their loyalty to Germany and are just as nationally-minded as any other citizen - naturally, they will be rewarded with the same protections and rights as well.
Public Education Grants
If we are to make a Germany where everyone thrives, then our public schools, which educate millions of Germans, must have the proper means to give everyone a chance. It is disheartening to see that many are left behind because they cannot afford proper education
The Liberal-Left Alliance
Cooperation between the LVP and the SPD has always been rather shaky, especially due to the presence of right-leaning industrialists in the former. Thankfully, we still have much in common, as the LVP still retains support for welfare policies and many have worked tirelessly to make the party independent from said industrialists in the long term.
Consolidation of Thuringia
For too long, Thuringia has been shattered into numerous principalities with their own governments, which stymies the economic growth of the region. Let us put our foot down and order the unification of these states into one Grand Duchy.
Legacy of the Second Weltkrieg
The Second Weltkrieg, much like the First, was one of the largest and most destructive wars in world history. We have a lot to learn from the new technologies and tactics that were put to the test during the war, as well as rebuild ourselves and all of Europe.
The Universal Panzer
The race towards the heaviest and most powerful tank has proven to be a design dead-end. Instead of focusing on several different varieties of tanks, we should develop a tank with the speed and firepower to make both medium and heavy tanks obsolete.
Infantry Mechanisation
Motorised infantry proved itself to be effective during the war, but it is a bit too vulnerable to enemy fire - so, we should consider moving infantry from trucks to armoured personnel carriers which have armour and their own firepower.
Fireteam Tactics
Working in small groups and with specific tasks as opposed to serving in large formations commanded by precise orders can drastically expand the efficiency of our infantry units.
Develop Jet Aircraft Technology
New advancements in jet engine technology shows promise - as well as guesses that a plane using one may even be able to break the sound barrier. We must invest in this technology and develop a fleet of jet aircraft which will be able to fly circles around our enemies.
Adoption of Utility Helicopters
The first experiments in helicopters, machines using spinning rotors to generate lift and thus being able to take off pretty much anywhere, took place at the end of the war. We must make use of this technology at haste - it will drastically improve the recon and special ops capabilities of our units.
Supremacy of the Aircraft Carrier
The war has shown that the old style of naval warfare, based upon heavy ships and the calibre of their guns, is on its way out. The navies of the future shall strike from hundreds of kilometres away with airplanes taking off from carriers. Let us reshape our naval strategies according to this tenet.
Civilian Adoption of Computing Technology
The war led to an explosion of progress in computing technology - it may seem ridiculous, but one day, computers may shrink to the point where they are only the size of a wardrobe! We must put computers to use in our universities and research labs to make use of their impressive capabilities.
Civilian Nuclear Power Experiments
The Uranverein continues their research into the potential of nuclear power. Their research is very promising - yet, the scientists say that it might be usable for more than just bombs. A controlled chain reaction, if possible, would allow the creation of a nuclear reactor - which could, theoretically, provide endless energy for humanity!
Foster Postwar Growth
We must turn our reconstruction into new growth - the soldiers returning from the front require new work places, while a surge of war reparations from our defeated enemies should be invested into our economy. Should we be careful, we can create an economic miracle!
Aid the Shift to Civilian Production
Many industries shifted to producing material for the Army during the war, but now they must transition back to civilian production. Through tax rebates and subsidies, we can ensure that this process is as painless as possible.
Combine Harvesters and Pesticides
The inefficient agricultural sector in Germany can be uplifted from its malaise through the application of new technology - old farms shall be turned into hyper-productive, modern ones, and Germany shall once again become a breadbasket of Europe.
Pan-European Optimism
The Second Weltkrieg was a time of European unification - soldiers from a dozen nations stood side by side, led by Germany, to defend our way of life, tradition and freedom. We must not let these feelings fade - we must ensure that the future of Europe is that of brotherhood and unity, not senseless bloodshed.
Extinguish Syndicalism in Europe
Germany has cemented itself as the first and foremost fighter against syndicalist intrusion across Europe. Previous blunders allowed socialist movements to prosper and wreak havoc ever since 1925, and like dominoes one country fell to revolution after another. We shall be clear: the same mistake will not be repeated again.
Enforce Ideological Loyalty in the East
Unlike the First Weltkrieg, the Second was a great struggle not just for economic or military supremacy but ideological supremacy as well. Nowhere was this more pronounced than in the west, but in the east things remain much the same as old, with alliances simply based around national security. It is time we change this - our client states in the East shall follow Berlin's ideals.
Overthrow the Legionary Government
Nowhere can a more hostile anti-German government be found than in Romania. We have not forgotten when they nationalised their oil fields almost as soon as the economic crisis hit, and they have since agitated against us and our allies. If they believe they can poke the German eagle with no consequences, so be it - soon they will regret it.
Secure the Balkan Region
The Balkans are an area of great strategic value, and having important allies there would bolster our access to the Mediterranean. For some time, this aim has been hindered by governments unwilling to work with Germany, but as the undisputed master of Europe, we will be able to settle such matters.
Restore Control over the Suez
The Suez Canal remains the most direct link between European and Asian trade. While for a time it remained open to us, its occupation by foreign powers means that at any time our access could be cut off. Though any of our adversaries may dismay at our seizure of it, we will be ready to defend our interests.
Into Südwestafrika
Southwest Africa has been a German colonial holding for more than half a century, but the collapse of Mittelafrika made it vulnerable to seizure. While it has never been the most profitable colony, it is a matter of pride - and nobody strikes at German pride and gets away with it.
Reclamation of Mittelafrika
Just because we have been busy reshaping Europe in our image does not mean we have forgotten about our African holdings. We won them fair and square from before and after the First Weltkrieg, and the incompetence of the colonial administration in keeping them in line should not deter us from regaining what is rightfully ours.
Align African Minors
Africa is not just some colonial playground. The independent states that have sprung up, who have survived through the colonisation of Africa or fight against their colonial masters, could be worthwhile allies and further our interests in the region.
Controlled Decolonisation
Despite the presence of some hardliners who wish to retain our African holdings forever, this is simply not feasible nor particularly profitable. We shall gradually grant our African colonies independence, and ensure that the new states remain amicable to us now and in the future.
Colonial Rear Guards
Colonialism is a mission of the German Empire, a great pride of the Reich. We will not give up the civilising mission just because of what some liberal activist proclaims. To this end, at least for the foreseeable future, we shall retain our colonial holdings for as long as we like, and invest in our African security greatly.
Interventions in the Persian Gulf
If there is anything that the Persian Gulf is known for, it is an abundance of oil - and that is enough of a reason for our presence, as it is oil that is the lifeblood of the Empire.
Pacify Radicalism in Anatolia and Levant
The once amicable regimes in Anatolia and Levant have been overtaken by anti-German, corrupting influences. Once we restore responsible governance to these states, we will have cemented our position in the Middle East.
The Oil Must Flow
With control over the Khuzestan and Kirkuk oil fields, our extraction companies can invest greatly into these regions and reap the rewards.
Return to the East Indies
It is an unfortunate matter that opportunist powers sought to strike our Asian holdings when we were fighting in Europe, making it difficult to keep them. But we shall not suddenly astray from what is rightfully ours. The resource-rich areas of the East Indies will be back under our control seen if we have anything to say about it - and we do.
Revise China Policy
China will no doubt be a global player in the coming years. If we are to establish a new relationship between our two powers, then it should be of Germany's interest. Hopefully, they will remain open to business.
Seize the Legations
The Legation Cities have always maintained a pretense of working with many countries in ensuring Chinese markets remain open to the great powers. Even so, they have been operating against our interests at times, even flirting with open alignment against us. Whatever the case may be, the Legations will be ours - and only ours.
War in the Pacific
Japan has gotten cocky. They believe that just because they can kick Russia when it's down, and seize our Asian colonies when we were facing a war on two fronts, that their path is divinely ordaned and they were destined for greatness. Let's completely erase that notion by using their tactics against them: a surprise attack on Okinawa just off the coast of the Home Islands will force them to cower.
The Bauer Putsch
Old Germany has failed. The Kaisers and the parliamentarians have brought us to the brink of collapse. It is time to put an end to this charade, and save Germany through blood and steel, from which is was once forged.
An authoritarian regime will take control of Germany, setting for the course of total war.
Siegfrieden
We will not rest until we completely destroy our enemies East and West. It was the weakness of the parliamentarians, letting France and Russia go scot free, which guaranteed that a Second Weltkrieg will take place. If we win, we will not make the same mistake again.
We will lay down a wide breadth of §Yclaims§! which we will seize upon our, hopefully, victorious counterattack.\nEvery member of our faction we have a claim on will leave it, if they have been §rcapitulated§!.
Complete Mobilisation
They say that all of Germany's resources have been mobilised for the war effort - they could not be more wrong. There is always more strength to squeeze, more resources to seize, and more men to give arms and send to the front - even if they have to be younger or older than usual.
Complete Mobilisation
Disband the Universities
The universities - a haven of degeneracy where thousands hide away, learning God knows what instead of fighting for their country's survival! Let's put an end to this insanity. All students, and their professors as well, will be taken to the front lines.
The Black Terror
Unsurprisingly, our putsch wasn't received well by everyone. Socialists, Liberals, and ethnic traitors keep resisting our regime and refusing to surrender for the sake of national survival. If desperation will not motivate them to serve, then execution of their leaders and prison for their families should do the trick.
Triumph of the Will
It is over. The impossible was achieved. The Second Weltkrieg has been won - and not by the failed monarchy nor the pathetic parliamentarians, but by General Bauer's firm regime. However, originally, he intended to be merely an emergency leader in Germany's darkest hour. To what direction will he take Germany's future?
Return of the Kaiser
In spite what some of us may believe, Germany will always be a monarchy - however, that does not mean that we have to give up power. Let us establish a puppet Kaiser under a traditional, patriotic regime that will lead us to the future.
The New Germany
We represent the New Germany - powerful and finally unleashed. Taking inspiration from National Populists in Germany, Baltics and elsewhere, we will construct a totalitarian regime that is geared towards war and dominating the entire world.
Embrace Geheimes Deutschland
Geheimes Deutschland, or Secret Germany, is a unique political-philosophic movement born from the Conservative Revolution which can be absorbed into our regime to legitimise our rule - we represent the true, hidden national soul of Germany, not the false idols constructed by those before us, and we shall establish an authentically German regime.
Populist Initiatives
We must not forget the people as we construct our regime. The masses can be swayed with populistic promises of a state-owned trade union, higher wages and curtailment of the industrial barons. We shall construct the Volksgemeinschaft - the economy of and for the Volk.
The Totalitarian State
Democracy is a sham invented by Western ideologues which has no place in Germany. The discipline and loyalty of the German people allows only for a hierarchical regime of control - and control we must. The entire Reich will be transformed into an organism which only lives for war.
The German Republic
The monarchy has fallen. To save the state from utter collapse in our darkest hour, we have assumed emergency executive powers and proclaimed a German Republic - putting an end to millennia of monarchist rule in Germany at last, even if this was not our intention.
The Royal Family has fled from Germany and the SPD government thus established an emergency republican government - should we win the war, we can retain it...
To the Barricades!
Germany lives as long as there is a German person with a weapon who is willing to defend it. We must hastily mobilise the last of our remaining resources and finally push back the unstoppable syndicalist advance.
Uproot the Aristocratic System
The war has finally been won. Peace once again settles in Europe. Now that our republican system has become permanent, we must do everything we can to strengthen it. The aristocrats will be stripped of their estates, and the massive holdings held by the Junkers will be distributed to the people.
European Republicanism
Our fight is not yet over - we must police the European continent and ensure that it is populated not by reactionary monarchies, but by progressive democratic republics. Only a liberal democratic Europe can be a peaceful Europe.
Reichsbanner Schwarz-Rot-Gold
To ensure the stability of our state, we must organise war veterans into a republican paramilitary organisation which will instill republican values in the German populace and cooperate with the Heer.
Republican Civil Service
The old right-wing civil servants must be rooted out of the bureaucracy. You may only be in the employ of the German Republic if you profess your loyalty to the Republic and its Constitution.
Abolition of the States
Now that the monarchies inside of the Reich have been abolished, there is no reason to keep the unequal internal divisions which we inherited from the Napoleonic era. Let us abolish the old states and draw new administrative boundaries based on historic regions and economic efficiency.
Reichsland
This state is a part of the all-imperial Reichsland, owned directly by the Federal government, thus its resources are under their full access, without intervening state governments.
Semi-Reichsland
This state still has a local government, but it has been fully subjugated to the New State, and its resources can easily be accessed by the Federal government.
Clausula Antiborussica
The Provincial Landtags of Prussia have been empowered, creating a second layer of federalism in Prussia, and certain states such as Hanover and the Rhineland are able to cast a part of Prussia's votes in the Bundesrat independently from Berlin. This has massively weakened the Prussian government and strengthened federal control over its resources.
Austrian SPD Dominance
This state has recently been dominated by the Austrian wing of SPD thanks to the SPD's new focus towards expansion in Austria, and the social democratic majority in the Austrian Landtag pursues progressive reforms.
Strengthened States' Rights
This state is owned by a non-Prussian state of the German Empire and its autonomy has been expanded by DNVB reforms, giving it greater control over its resources and ability to invest them into more local projects.
All owned states which do not have the §YReichsland§! modifier will receive:
The National Focus §YReichsland-Lösung§! will apply the §YSemi-Reichsland§! modifier to all other core states.
In 1919, after years of war and with the Entente nearing a collapse, the German Empire saw its victory made manifest in the Treaty of Versailles. The Weltkrieg made Germany an uncontested World Power, yet things have been going downhill for her since the 1920s. A recessive world economy has dampened the nation's industries while other nations' manufacturing power recovers, and now nationalism grows in the eastern client states, which are starting to drift away from the Reich. In 1936, Germany stands at a crossroads, and already we can see cracks in her mighty empire, as her ancestral enemies are regaining their former strength...
GFX_GER_intro
The Place in the Sun
For the past seventeen years, the German Empire has enjoyed its rightful \
The End of the Weltkrieg
When the armistice between the remaining Allied powers and the Central Powers was signed on 12 August 1919 in the beautiful castle of Chantilly to the northeast of Paris, the German people rejoiced, realising that the devastating Weltkrieg had finally found an end after 5 years of intense fighting. However, while Germany had ostensibly emerged as the glorious victor of the conflict, the nation was in dire straits. The British naval blockade had caused countless deaths due to starvation and disease, the German forces in the west were war-weary after dozens of bloody offensives into no man's land, and the people on the home front were thirsting for reforms to an outdated political system.\n\nLong-existing tensions had already culminated in the so-called \
Reform and Recovery
The situation escalated in February 1920, when a motion about the long-anticipated reform to the Bismarckian Constitution was placed in the Reichstag, in an effort to finally turn the Empire into a parliamentary monarchy. This move was backed by chancellor Brockdorff and the Kaiser, but harshly opposed by the far-right and the military. In an effort to force the government to abandon the reforms, Ludendorff telegraphed his resignation to the Kaiser, a strategy he had often made use of during the war to achieve his goals, well aware that the Kaiser would never dismiss him in Germany's darkest hour; but this time, things turned out different. Behind Ludendorff's back, the government had entered into talks with Hindenburg and managed to get him on board for their reformist vision in return for generous concessions to the military's autonomy — therefore, Ludendorff was left isolated within the OHL. To his surprise, his resignation was accepted by the Kaiser, and his \
The Golden Twenties
Solf's government fell in 1922 due to disagreements within his cabinet, and he was succeeded by Zentrum politician Matthias Erzberger, who however resigned after only a few months due to a humiliating political scandal. The fall of Erzberger spelt an end to the progressive SPD-FVP-Zentrum coalition and saw the re-emergence of the conservatives, as many Germans were unsatisfied with the new parliamentary leadership in the aftermath of the war; they thought that the new government had abandoned the hard-earned gains from the war for the sake of Germany's international reputation and that they just were not able to present Germany as a strong and assertive power on the global stage. Erzberger was succeeded by the national liberal-conservative cabinet of Posadowsky-Wehner in 1923.\n\nHowever, with the outbreak of the British Revolution in 1924, the next major internal crisis hit the Empire as Foreign Secretary Stresemann accidentally caused a war scare after proposing a military intervention in civil war-plagued Britain — mere weeks later, the next government had fallen and snap elections were held. In the aftermath, the Kaiser decided for a grand coalition under former late wartime chancellor Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau. A known democratic compromiser and master diplomat who was dubbed \
The Gathering Storm
On 8 September 1928, Brockdorff passed away at age 59. The coalition he had commanded over for most of his tenure, consisting of liberals and moderate conservatives, went down in history as the \
The March Constitution
The March Reforms to the Bismarckian Constitution were a compromise between the emboldened reformist legislature and the conservative establishment, but were nonetheless a major step in the direction of true constitutional monarchy in the German Empire. By far the most important reform in the package was that the Reichstag now has the ability to remove the Reichskanzler in a vote of no confidence, or indict them in a constitutional court for vast violations of conduct and duties. Though Reichskanzler appointment was nonetheless vested solely in the Kaiser, he now has to keep the intentions of the Reichstag in mind when choosing his favourites. Depending on whether there was an obvious coalition in the Reichstag or it was fractured, Reichskanzlers have since wavered between partisan politicians and tolerable favourites of the Kaiser.\n\nAdditionally, the Reichskanzler is now responsible for all political actions of the Kaiser, the members of the Reichstag can now simultaneously be members of the government, and declarations of war as well as peace treaties now require the Reichstag's assent. The minimum voting age of 25 was reduced to 21 and redistricting of Reichstag constituencies took place, reducing the power of enlarged rural constituencies and establishing multi-member constituencies in major cities, where partial proportional voting reigns. Finally, though it was implemented a year prior rather than during the March reforms of 1920, the despised three class franchise in Prussia was replaced with a system already tested in Saxony and other constituent German states - plural voting, a system in which each citizen starts with one vote, but can get up to eight votes through fulfilling certain wealth and education qualifications. Though much less imbalanced, it nonetheless helps contain Social Democratic and Liberal momentum in Prussia.
§MKabinett Schleicher§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the §YKabinett Schleicher§! decision category, ensure that neither the §SDemokratische Union§! nor the §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! gain enough seats to start a §rvote of no confidence§!.\n£white_dot In the Ruhrkampf, ensure that the §YIntensity§! of the uprising does not become lower than §r25§! or higher than §r75§! when the repeating mission fires.\n£white_dot In late 1936, Schleicher will pass the Enabling Act and secure control.\n£white_dot Postwar, after the Schleicher Constitution is passed, Schleicher will retire and a new Reichskanzler will succeed him. Depending on if we built up the New State enough, you will either remain $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ or turn $paternal_autocrat_coloured$.\n£white_dot In order to get an aligned §cZentrum Chairman§!, have Stegerwald stand firm and the federalists agree to a Triumvirate.\n\n§MDemokratische Union§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the §YKabinett Schleicher§! decision category, ensure that the §SDemokratische Union§! gains enough seats to start a §rvote of no confidence§!.\n£white_dot Alternatively, in the Ruhrkampf, ensure that the §YIntensity§! of the uprising becomes lower than §r25§! when the repeating mission fires while the §YKabinett Schleicher§! mechanic is still active.\n£white_dot In the postwar elections, you will have the choice of either reelecting the §SSocial Democratic Party§! or electing the §cChristian People's Party§!\n£white_dot In order to get an aligned §cZentrum Chairman§!, have Stegerwald stand firm and the federalists reject the Triumvirate.\n\n§MKoalition S-W-R§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the §YKabinett Schleicher§! decision category, ensure that the §PKoalition Schwarz-Weiß-Rot§! gains enough seats to start a §rvote of no confidence§!.\n£white_dot Alternatively, in the Ruhrkampf, ensure that the §YIntensity§! of the uprising becomes higher than §r75§! when the repeating mission fires while the §YKabinett Schleicher§! mechanic is still active.\n£white_dot The ideology of the §YGerman National People's Union§!, formed postwar, will depend on the number of focuses taken in each party's branch. Should you take more focuses corresponding to the §nDVLP§!, you will remain $paternal_autocrat_coloured$, and should you instead take more focuses corresponding to the §aDkP§!, you will become $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$.\n£white_dot Do note that the focuses §YFoster Volkskonservatismus§! and §YAbolish Universal Suffrage§! will guarantee you become $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ or $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ respectively, regardless of the §Ybalance§!.\n£white_dot In order to get an aligned §cZentrum Chairman§!, have Stegerwald negotiate with the opposition and drop his candidacy.\n\n§MProclamation of a Republic§! - §MRestoration of the Monarchy§!\n£white_dot Be on track to the §MKabinett Schleicher§! or §MDemokratische Union§! paths and do not enter a failstate.\n£white_dot Be at war with both the Commune of France and Russia, have over 50% surrender progress, a connection between one coast state and your capital and less divisions than the Commune of France and Russia individually.\n\nIf we are on track to the §MKabinett Schleicher§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$ / $national_populist_coloured$):\n£white_dot The event '§MFlight of the Hohenzollerns§!' will appeared some days after all of these conditions are met and the retired general Max Bauer will coup the government under the §PRegierung der nationalen Rettung§!.\n£white_dot After the Second Weltkrieg is won, we will have the option to restore the monarchy under Wilhelm IV as a puppet Kaiser or proclaim Bauer as Reichsverweser and switch to $national_populist_coloured$.\n\nIf we are on track to §MDemokratische Union§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$):\n£white_dot The event '§MRevolution Attempt in Berlin§!' will appeared some days after all of these conditions are met and the Reichskanzler Hermann Müller will proclaim a German Republic.\n£white_dot After the Second Weltkrieg is won, if we choose to let Wilhelm von Preußen run as the Deutsche Volkspartei candidate and elect him as Reichspräsident, after 100 days, we will have the option to restore the monarchy under him, now as Wilhelm IV, and the §mDVP§!, which will also make them electable in future elections.\n\n§0Unreadiness Mechanics§!\n£white_dot In order to get the minimum effects of Military Unreadiness, a number of measures must be taken:\n£white_dot The debt value from the Black Monday minigame must be under 150%.\n£white_dot §aSchleicher§!, the §SDU§! or §PSWR§! must not fail their respective minigames.\n£white_dot One national focus for railways must be taken.\n£white_dot One of the first naval doctrine national focuses must be taken.\n£white_dot One of the first air doctrine national focuses must be taken.\n£white_dot 10 economic decisions from the Freewillinger Arbeitsdent focus branch must be taken.\n£white_dot Numerous national focuses for the army and military industrialism must be taken.
You will play the 1936 Election as §Sthe SPD§!, and receive appropriate events.\n\nIt appears unlikely that we will be able to gather a majority outright - but remember, the election is just the beginning...
You will play the 1936 Election as §nthe DVLP§!, and receive appropriate events.\n\nIt appears unlikely that we will be able to gather a majority outright - but remember, the election is just the beginning...
The §YEconomic Decline§! score of the Crisis is §Rraised by 250 points§!.
Stegerwald will negotiate with the conservative opposition in Zentrum - this will soothe their concerns of a Schleicher-backed faction taking over, but the Catholic Trade Unions see themselves as natural leaders of Zentrum, and will they take this surrender well?
Stegerwald will refuse any concessions to the conservative opposition. The particularist minded Bavarian, Luxembourger and Alsatian delegates will not take this well, and a challenge will be imminent.
Adam Stegerwald will form a triumvirate with the moderate unionist Joos and moderate parliamentarian Mönnig. Zentrum has never had a triumvirate leadership before, and there are fears that this will not resolve the problem of the party's weakness...
Adam Stegerwald, dissatisfied with the proposed compromise, drops his candidacy. This will leave the field wide open for new candidates...
The Bavarian conservative Fritz Schäffer now has the lead, as both the party moderates and the trade union wing have weakened themselves.
The Triumvirate proposal has been rejected. Adam Stegerwald, representing the trade unions friendly with Schleicher, now faces off against Bavarian conservative Fritz Schäffer, drafted at the last moment to represent the right wing of the party.
A direct confrontation takes place between Stegerwald and the right-wing delegates, and the convention is in chaos. This would give ample opportunity to another faction to present themselves as the peacemakers...
The right-wing delegates will accept a compromise triumvirate to stop internal party conflict - however, it is not likely to be taken well by the rest of the party, and the failure of compromise could mean the failure of their right-wing agenda as well.
The progressive prelate Carl Ulitzka is nominated as the compromise candidate to establish peace between the trade unions and conservative federalists.
With the right compromised by their brief endorsement of the compromise triumvirate, Stegerwald is now effectively unopposed.
Periodic events about the resistance of democratic society to your actions will begin.
Events on the resistance of democratic society to your reforms will fire less often.
[?GER_DkP_indy_seats] §LDkP§! deputies will split from the party and form §Can independent conservative grouping§!, §Rleaving the coalition!§!
You will receive the §YLacking Preparedness§! modifier, whose initial effects will be determined by your pre-war actions:\n - your §Ynational debt§! in the §YBlack Monday§! mechanic\n - your §Ysuccess or failure§! at path-unique mechanics\n - the situation of §Ythe railway system§!\n - number of §Yindustrial decisions§! taken\n - certain §YNational Foci§! in the military tree.
Lacking Preparedness
Events on the resistance of democratic society will continue, until you complete the National Foci §YAnti-Sedition Laws§! and §YDissolve Socialist Organisations§!, as well as all of their unlocked §YDecisions§!.
We shall adopt the §YReichskriegsflagge§! for the duration of the war.
§RThe economic crisis caused by Black Monday and political conflict has left us unprepared for another war. Military reform and industrial expansion should soften the initial blow, but it will happen regardless.§!\n\nNational focuses under the §YWar Preparedness§! focus filter will make us more prepared for the Weltkrieg.
The effects of the §YSovereign Debt Crisis§! will slowly tick down every year. Once the idea is removed, §YBlack Monday§! will be slowly removed.
The effects of the §YSovereign Debt Crisis§! will slowly tick down every year.
The battle over the chancellorship of Kurt von Schleicher begins. See the £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! tab, the §HKabinett Schleicher§! Category for further instructions.
The §YEconomic Decline§! and §YStagnation§! scores of the Crisis are §Rraised by 250 points§!.
You will now be able to flag §R1§! less faction to protect it from conversion.
With the §YEnabling Act§! in place, the Reichskanzler can pass decrees without Reichstag assent and is immune to any votes of no confidence, consolidating all power within §YKurt von Schleicher§!.\n§YKabinett Schleicher§! mechanics are disabled.
The §YEnabling Act§! has been passed.
You will now be able to flag §R1§! less faction to protect it from conversion.\n§RThe clock is ticking...§!
§YWe shall define the nature of the Front in a chain of events.§!
Nullification of Imperial Law
§REver since his defeat in DVLP party elections in 1929, Hugenberg has been biding his time. Few believe he has given up ambitions of dominating the right. Appointing him as Secretary would appease him for now, but is it the right decision?§!\n\nIt may be wise to save up £GFX_pol_power_icon Political Power if we wish to combat his influence in the future.
§REver since his defeat in DVLP party elections in 1929, Hugenberg has been biding his time. Few believe he has given up ambitions of dominating the right. If we cut him off, he will immediately come to conflict with us -  is this really what we want?§!\n\nIt may be wise to save up £GFX_pol_power_icon Political Power if we wish to combat his influence in the future.
Further action is necessary to protect virtue in the German nation.
and is hired, if there are any open Political Advisor slots.
§RHugenberg will remember that.§!
§RThis will strengthen the Hugenberg faction!§!
§RThe Volkskonservative faction will not let this go unpunished.§!
The People's Conservative Association does not exist.
§RThe rift within the DVLP is growing...§!
Hugenberg has left the coalition.
The Schwarz-Weiß-Rot government has fallen.
A delegation of British far-right dissidents are welcomed by Duke Carl Eduard in Germany. Our good friends in Merry England may help us in the future, and hopefully won't cause any drama.
German ambassador Leopold von Hoesch will be summoned to the Foreign Office, and we will demand a cessation of German support for the CRGB.
The Brits demand a cessation of support for the CRGB, and we shall show our willingness to compromise.
The Brits demand a cessation of support for the CRGB, and we shall stand firm.
The Brits are currently awaiting a reaction from Berlin for their revelation of DVLP-British dissident ties. If we do nothing, then they may be forced to wait, and the tensions should dissipate from the inaction.
Suddenly withdrawing Ambassador Hoesch should surprise the Brits and send a clear signal that we are dissatisfied with British audacity.
WIP
Dissatisfied by Hassell's failure in the Ambassador Crisis, [?GER_DVLP_indy_seats] §nDVLP§! deputies will split from the party and form §Can independent far-right group§!, §Rleaving the coalition!§!
The outcome of our choice will depend on whether our opponent will escalate or back down themselves.
§LEverything that was dear to me has disappeared; I have found no happiness, only homesickness remains.§!
§YGottfried Treviranus§!, representing the moderate Volkskonservative wing, will become the DkP's co-chair.
§YHans Schlange-Schöningen§!, representing the radical Bauernflügel wing, will become the DkP's co-chair.
The leadership of §CZentrum§! is §Ropposed§! to this focus! They may §Rleave the coalition§! if we attempt to take it!
If we choose this, §CZentrum§! will §Rleave the coalition§!! They currently have §Y[?GER_swr_zentrum_deputies]§! deputies in the coalition, of which §Y[?GER_Zentrum_seats_r]§! may still stay with us after Zentrum's departure.
This action will increase the number of §CZentrum§! deputies loyal to the Coalition, §Leven against their leadership§!!
This action will §Rdecrease§! the number of §CZentrum§! deputies loyal to the Coalition!
The ongoing focus will be cancelled. (In-game, all foci opposed by Zentrum will be blocked for 7 days.)
This focus is blocked by Zentrum.
The §9Minority Autonomists§! will join the coalition.
The §sAgrarian Liberals§! will join the coalition.
The §YDemokratische Union§!: §Y[?GER_Prussia_coalition]§! of 443 seats in the Prussian House of Representatives.
The Chancellor Overthrowal Movement will stop at no lengths to cause the downfall of our cabinet...
Kurt von Schleicher's power over the Prussian administrative apparatus will greatly strengthen the Chancellor Overthrowal Movement!
Our chosen political path will determine the direction of military reform:\n - The Schleicher dictatorship will support §YDie Fronde§!.\n - The Schwarz-Weiß-Rot Coalition will support §Ythe Altgardisten§!.\n - Demokratische Union will support §Ythe Reformisten§!.\n\nThrough §YDecisions§!, you will have to strengthen the grip of your faction of choice by swaying or promoting commanders friendly to your cause. The stronger the grip, the more §YNational Foci§! will become available.
The government has a reformist majority in the Reichstag.
The §YGrand Duchy of Thuringia§! is established.
Postwar elections have been held.
§YWilhelm von Preußen§! will be the DVP's candidate in the next presidential election.
§YHasso von Manteuffel§! will be the DVP's candidate in the next presidential election.
§YCarlo Mierendorff§! is elected Reichspräsident.
§YTheodor Heuss§! is elected Reichspräsident.
§YWilhelm von Preußen§! is elected Reichspräsident.
§YHasso von Manteuffel§! is elected Reichspräsident.
§YJoseph Joos§! is elected Reichspräsident.
The §YDVP§! is now electable in regular Reichstag elections!
§YHermann Göring§! will resign from the Reichstag, and a by-election in Nuremberg will replace him with a §cZentrum (Right)§! MP.
This will worsen the §SSPD§!'s relations with the Polish National Democrats in the §YMinority Bloc§!.
§Y2§! §SPPS zp§! deputies will §Rsplit from the SPD§! and form an independent §SSocialist Polish Group§!!
§HTheodor Haubach§! has been elected First Chairman of the SPD. His Co-Chairman will be determined by your decisions and actions during the game.
§HMax Seydewitz§! has been elected Co-Chairman of the SPD. In the following years, he will attempt to keep the SPD aligned with Marxism and away from the 'people's party' ideas on the right. But will he succeed?
§HWilhelm Sollmann§! has been elected Co-Chairman of the SPD. In the following years, he will attempt to promote the SPD's reformation into a 'people's party' and shun its left wing in favour of close alliances with reformist liberals in the Reichstag. But will this recover the SPD's fortunes?
§HAdolf Schärf§! has been elected Co-Chairman of the SPD. Most concerned with representing Austria in the highest organs of the SPD, he will leave the broad strokes of party policy to Haubach and the neo-revisionists in the following years. Where will this lead the SPD?
§HFritz Baade§! has been elected Co-Chairman of the SPD. Aligned with the trade unions and revisionists, he will fight in the following years to bring the ADGB closer to the SPD again while resisting the party's left. Where will this lead the SPD?
§HFritz Naphtali§! has been elected Co-Chairman of the SPD. It appears unlikely that he will push the SPD in any direction, leaving the broad strokes of party policy to Haubach and the neo-revisionists, while he spends most of his attention on the new party program and theories of economic democracy. Where will this lead the SPD?
The LVP is electing §Ha new chairman§!. The result of the election will be determined by whether the Liberals are §Hsatisfied§! with the coalition or not.
§HOtto Nuschke§! has been elected Co-Chairman of LVP. A firm 'social liberal' and a supporter of working with the SPD, he should smoothen relations between our parties.
§HRochus von Rheinbaben§! has been elected Co-Chairman of LVP. A protege of the late liberal heavyweight Gustav Stresemann, he will be a lot more difficult to work with than Koch.
§Y2§! §RSPD-Left§! deputies will §Rsplit from the SPD§! and join the §RSocialist Party§!!
The foci §YThe Wissell Plan§!, §YMunicipal Socialism§! and §YSocial Housing Programmes§! will be disabled for §R180§! days.
Because our actions will frustrate the Heer, the §YThe Footsteps of Seeckt§! focus tree branch will be disabled for §R180§! days.
This focus was temporarily blocked due to concessions to the Heer.
This focus was temporarily blocked due to frustrations between the Heer and the civilian government.
The focus §YDoctrine of National Autarky§! will receive §Gadditional effects§!.\n
This will cut a little of the debt accumulated during the Black Monday game, and thus may leave us §Gmore prepared for the Second Weltkrieg.§!
Schacht's Austerity Program
Hjalmar Schacht's position depends solely on the whim of the Kaiser. To convince the Kaiser to get him removed, §Your particular government§! requires to fulfill the following conditions:
Remove Schacht
President of the Reichsbank Hjalmar Schacht has been a thorn at our side with his insistence on fiscal austerity for years now. He still does not comprehend the necessity of investment into our national defence and our future - if he refuses to cooperate, then we will find someone who will. It should not be difficult to find charges against him, but we'll still need to convince the Kaiser, who appoints and removes the Reichsbank President, to our points.
Hjalmar Schacht has been fired, and will stew and grumble in private business from here on. The new President of the Reichsbank,
\n$GER_schacht_removed_tt$ §YWilhelm Röpke§!, is a visionary of new 'third way' economic theories and should be more cooperative.
\n$GER_schacht_removed_tt$ §YKarl Helfferich§!, is a more unorthodox economist and will be more cooperative.
\n$GER_schacht_removed_tt$ §YJohann Ludwig Schwerin von Krosigk§!, is a silent workhorse and should not bother us.
\nHjalmar Schacht has been executed during a political purge. The new President of the Reichsbank, §YJohann Ludwig Schwerin von Krosigk§!, is a silent workhorse and should not bother us.
\nHjalmar Schacht has been imprisoned and removed from all posts. The new President of the Reichsbank, §YWilhelm Röpke§!, is a visionary of new 'third way' economic theories and should be more cooperative.
This will affect the postwar focus §YPursue Civilian Control of the Army§!.
When the §YAmerican Civil War§! begins and we have decided which American faction to support using the §YSupport Civil War Faction§! decision, that faction will receive:
During the §YAmerican Civil War§!, [GER.GetNameWithFlag] using the §YSupport Civil War Faction§! decision will raise the following if they support us:
§CThis may be what they wanted.§!
Russia Expels German Ambassador
Black Monday
\n§HIt's time to duel!§!\n\nThe §HBlack Monday Trading Card Game§! is a turn-based game during which you must play against The Crisis and defeat it in a match of wits and strategy. Every [?GER_bm_game_turn_timer_days|0] days, you will draw a hand from your deck of Cards, including three types - §HRelief§!, §HRecovery§! and §HReform§!. These Cards can boost one another, draw more cards, give you advantages, or simply deal §GInvestment§! and §GStability§! score - your Attack and Defence. At the end of the round, you must surpass the Crisis' §RStagnation§! and §REconomic Decline§! - while also being aware of the mounting toll this takes on your §Rdebt§!.\n
The §HBlack Monday Card Game§! is active.
Economic Decline
[?GER_economic_decline|-0]
Stagnation
[?GER_stagnation|-0]
Stability
[?GER_stability|+=0]
From our cards played this round, we currently have a modifier of [?GER_stability_bonus_factor|+=%] to our ⓔ §GStability§! score.
ⓔ §GStability§! is your §Ydefence§! score. You must use Cards to raise this value to meet or exceed the crisis' §REconomic Decline§! score to reduce the effects of the Black Monday crisis.
Investment
[?GER_investment|+=0]
From our cards played this round, we currently have a modifier of [?GER_investment_bonus_factor|+=%] to our ⓕ §GInvestment§! score.
ⓕ §GInvestment§! is your §Yattack§! score. You must use Cards to raise this value to meet or exceed the crisis' §RStagnation§! score to reduce the effects of the Black Monday crisis.
We have the following cards in our deck:[GetGERCardsDeck]
\n[?current_card:total_copies] §Y[?current_card.GetName]§! card(s)[GetGERCardsDeck]
[GetGERCardsDeck]
We have the following cards currently in our hand:[GetGERCardsHand]
\n[?current_card:cards_drawn] §Y[?current_card.GetName]§! card(s)[GetGERCardsHand]
[GetGERCardsHand]
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_capital_controls_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_capital_controls_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_employment_programme_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_employment_programme_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_cooperation_business_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_cooperation_business_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_fireside_chat_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_fireside_chat_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_eastern_assistance_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_eastern_assistance_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_price_monitoring_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_price_monitoring_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_rathenauplan_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_rathenauplan_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_tbplan_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_tbplan_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_arbeitsdienst_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_arbeitsdienst_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_land_improvement_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_land_improvement_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_corporate_assistance_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_corporate_assistance_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_institutional_public_works_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_institutional_public_works_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_import_tariffs_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_import_tariffs_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_economic_planning_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_economic_planning_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_mitteleuropa_loans_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_mitteleuropa_loans_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_administrative_reform_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_administrative_reform_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_nationalisation_of_foreign_companies_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_nationalisation_of_foreign_companies_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_trade_union_collaboration_total_cards] $GER_bm_trade_union_collaboration_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_strategic_tax_hikes_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_strategic_tax_hikes_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_price_depression_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_price_depression_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_large_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_large_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_fiscal_austerity_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_fiscal_austerity_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_federal_income_taxes_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_federal_income_taxes_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_technocratic_thinking_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_technocratic_thinking_name$§! cards.
\n§Y[?GER_bm_cardgame_reichsbank_analysis_total_cards] $GER_bm_cardgame_reichsbank_analysis_name$§! cards.
Economic Health: [?GER_economic_health|0+]
Current effects of our economic health are:\n[GERGetCurrentEconomicHealthEffects]
$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: [?GER_consumer_goods_loss|%H1]
$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: [?GER_consumer_goods_loss|%H1]\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?GER_building_production_loss|=%+]\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: [?GER_max_efficiency_loss|=%+]\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?GER_factory_output_loss|=%+]
Current Debt: [?GER_debt|0-]% of GDP
If our Debt Level reaches 200% of GDP, we will enter a §RDebt Default§!! We will lose the Black Monday card game and our economy will collapse!
Current Crisis
The §YOngoing Crisis§! changes every round of Black Monday. Each type has different §Gstrengths§! and §Rweaknesses§! against Relief Card types, and comes with §YEconomic Decline§! and §YStagnation§! scores.
[?GER_crisis_id.GERGetCrisisType]
[?GER_crisis_id.GERGetCrisisTypeDesc]
Liquidity Crisis
The current crisis is a §YLiquidity Crisis§!. §YMoney Creation§! cards will be more effective.
Inflation Crisis
The current crisis is an §YInflation Crisis§!. §YCapital Control§! cards will be more effective.
Labour Crisis
The current crisis is an §YLabour Crisis§!. §YWork Creation§! cards will be more effective.
Active Reforms
[?v.GetName]
       ⓒ [?GER_cards_to_draw] card(s) will be drawn from deck.
       This card will have §Rno effect§! because\n       there are not at least [?GER_cards_to_draw] cards in\n       the deck to draw.
       This card will be §Yremoved permanently§!\n       from deck.
       ⓒ [?GER_cards_to_draw_from_discard] will be drawn from the §Ydiscard§! pile.
       This card will have §Rno effect§! because\n       there are not at least [?GER_cards_to_draw_from_discard] cards in\n       the discard pile to draw.
We have drawn at least one of this card.
       This card is [?0.5|%0+] more effective because\n       it is a [GERGetCardType] played\n       during a §Y[?GER_crisis_id.GERGetCrisisType]§!.
       $RIGHT|+0$ added to ⓕ §GInvestment§! score.
       $RIGHT|+0$ added to ⓔ §GStability§! score.
       All Relief Cards will deal $RIGHT|+%0$ more\n       ⓔ §GStability§!.
       $RIGHT|-=0$% added to ⓓ §RDebt§! score.
[?GER_cards_number]
A §Rsovereign debt default§! is drawing near! If you finish this turn above 200% Debt to GDP, you will §Rlose the game§!!
§GThe player§! will win this game round.
§YNeither side§! will win this game round.
§RThe crisis§! will win this game round.
The §YBlack Monday Crisis Card Game§! will be initiated. You must win at least 10 rounds of the game and improve Economic Health to §Y-1§! to put an end to the crisis.
This reminder can be disabled by turning off §YMinor Popups§!.
§YEnd of Turn§!
       §YRelief§! Card / [GERGetCardType]\n\n
§YMoney Creation§! card type
§YCapital Control§! card type
§YWork Creation§! card type
       §YRecovery§! Card\n\n
       §YReform§! Card\n\n
Money Issuing
Capital Controls
RAfAuA Employment Programme
Cooperation with Businesses
Kanzler and the Radio
Assistance from Eastern Reichspakt
Establish Price Monitoring
Promote Rathenauplan
Promote Tarnow-Baade Plan
Arbeitsdienst Public Works
Land Improvement
Alliance with \
Institutional Public Works
Import Tariffs
Economic Planning Authorities
Mitteleuropa Loans
Administrative Efficiency Improvements
Nationalisation of Foreign Companies
Trade Union Collaboration
Strategic Tax Hikes
Price Depression
Papiermark Inflation
Fiscal Austerity
Federal Income Taxes
Technocratic Thinking
Reichsbank Analysis
➀\n\n
➁\n\n
➂\n\n
➃\n\n
➄\n\n
➅\n\n
➆\n\n
➇\n\n
➈\n\n
➉\n\n
⓪\n£expand_tt_300
([?GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_capital_controls_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_capital_controls_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_employment_programme_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_employment_programme_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_cooperation_business_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_cooperation_business_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_fireside_chat_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_fireside_chat_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_eastern_assistance_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_eastern_assistance_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_price_monitoring_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_price_monitoring_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_rathenauplan_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_rathenauplan_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_tbplan_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_tbplan_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_arbeitsdienst_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_arbeitsdienst_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_land_improvement_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_land_improvement_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_corporate_assistance_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_corporate_assistance_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_institutional_public_works_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_institutional_public_works_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_import_tariffs_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_import_tariffs_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_economic_planning_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_economic_planning_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_mitteleuropa_loans_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_mitteleuropa_loans_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_administrative_reform_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_administrative_reform_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_nationalisation_of_foreign_companies_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_nationalisation_of_foreign_companies_name$
([?GER_bm_trade_union_collaboration_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_trade_union_collaboration_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_strategic_tax_hikes_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_strategic_tax_hikes_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_price_depression_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_price_depression_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_large_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_large_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_fiscal_austerity_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_fiscal_austerity_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_federal_income_taxes_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_federal_income_taxes_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_reichsbank_analysis_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_reichsbank_analysis_name$
([?GER_bm_cardgame_technocratic_thinking_object.cards_drawn]) $GER_bm_cardgame_technocratic_thinking_name$
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_rathenauplan_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. Draw a number of Cards from the deck equal to the number of National Foci completed in the §YRevive the Rathenauplan§! branch.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_arbeitsdienst_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G1500§! / ⓔ §G2000§!. §YWork Creation§! Type.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_land_improvement_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G2000§! / ⓔ §G1000§!. §YWork Creation§! Type.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_tbplan_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. Draw a number of Cards from the deck equal to the number of National Foci completed in the §YDraft Plan Tarnow-Baade§! branch.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_corporate_assistance_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. Draw one card from the discard pile and add it back to your hand.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_institutional_public_works_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YReform§! Card.  Builds 3 §YInfrastructure§! across the country. At the end of each turn, ⓕ §G200§! / ⓔ §G200§! will be dealt for every Building constructed during the turn.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_import_tariffs_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G500§! / ⓔ §G1500§!. §YCapital Control§! Type. No §YDebt§! cost.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_economic_planning_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YReform§! Card. Every time a §YWork Creation§! type Card is played, ⓕ §G750§! / ⓔ §G750§! will be dealt.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_mitteleuropa_loans_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G2000§! / ⓔ §G750§!. §YMoney Creation§! Type.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_administrative_reform_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. ⓕ score dealt by §YRelief§! cards is increased by §G25%§! this turn.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_nationalisation_of_foreign_companies_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. ⓔ score dealt by §YRelief§! cards is increased by §G25%§! this turn.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_trade_union_collaboration_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRecovery§! Card. Half of all currently accrued ⓕ §GInvestment§! is dealt as ⓔ §GStability§! score.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_strategic_tax_hikes_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G750§! / ⓔ §G1250§!. §YCapital Control§! Type. No §YDebt§! cost.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_price_depression_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G1250§! / ⓔ §G750§!. §YMoney Creation§! Type. No §YDebt§! cost.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_money_issuance_large_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G2500§! / ⓔ §G1250§!. §YMoney Creation§! Type.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_fiscal_austerity_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YRelief§! Card. Deals ⓕ §G250§! / ⓔ §G250§!. §YCapital Control§! Type.\nActivating this card §Greduces§! Debt instead of increasing it.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_federal_income_taxes_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YReform§! Card. Upon activation of this Card, ⓓ §YDebt§! score is reduced by 5% at the end of each turn.
A copy of the card §Y$GER_bm_cardgame_technocratic_thinking_name$§! will be added to the deck.\n  - §YReform§! Card. Upon activation of this Card, an additional ⓒ §YCard§! will be drawn at the beginning of each turn.
       Since a §YReform§! card has been played\n       this turn, §GInvestment§! and §GStability§! will\n       be increased by [?0.5|%0]
       Unless a §YReform§! card has been played\n       this turn, this card has no effect.
       Activating this Card will draw a number\n       of Cards equal to the number of National\n       Foci completed in the §YRenew the§!\n       §YRathenauplan§! branch.
       Activating this Card will draw a number\n       of Cards equal to the number of National\n       Foci completed in the §YDraft Plan§!\n       §YTarnow-Baade§! branch.
       Deals ⓔ §G200§! / ⓕ §G200§! for every Eastern\n       European state currently in Mitteleuropa.\n       This will give:
Price Monitoring
       At the end of each turn, ⓔ §G200§!/ⓕ §G200§!\n       will be dealt for every Building\n       constructed during the turn.
       Every time a §YWork Creation§! type Card\n       is played, ⓔ §G750§! / ⓕ §G750§! will be dealt.
       ⓔ §G750§! will be dealt through §YEconomic Planning Authorities§!!
       ⓕ §G750§! will be dealt through §YEconomic Planning Authorities§!!
       From the card §YInstitutional Public Works§!:\n
       ⓔ §GInvestment§! score dealt by §YRelief§! cards\n       is multiplied by §G25%§! this turn.
       ⓕ §GStability§! score dealt by §YRelief§! cards\n       is multiplied by §G25%§! this turn.
       Half of all currently accrued ⓕ §GInvestment§!\n       is dealt as ⓔ §GStability§! score.
       ⓓ §YDebt§! score is reduced by 5% at the end\n       of each turn.
       Upon activation, an additional ⓒ §YCard§!\n        will be drawn at the beginning of\n        each turn.
       Changes the Crisis Type.
$RIGHT|-=0$% removed from ⓓ §RDebt§! score.
The §YBlack Monday§! card game is over.\n§RYou have lost.§!
The §YBlack Monday§! card game is over.\n§GYou have won.§!
The §YBlack Monday§! card game is over. §YDraw.§!\nThe remaining Black Monday negative effects will now reduce passively, every 150 days.
The §YBavarian People's Party§! (part of §YZentrum (Right)§!) is aligned with your faction and will not block your efforts in the §YBundesrat§!.
A stable coalition has been found or the government can bypass the legislature, preventing blocking in the §YReichstag§!.
Completing this focus unlocks Decisions to §Ynegotiate with foreign debtors on debt restructuring§!:
The §YEconomic Health§! of the country is above or equal §R-5§!.
The §YEconomic Health§! of the country is above or equal §R-6§!.
The §YEconomic Health§! of the country is above or equal §R-7§!.
The §YEconomic Health§! of the country is above or equal §R-8§!.
§CThese states will be more likely to accept our demands if we are not threatened by war.§!
Germany
German
Germany
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Empire
the German Empire
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
German Republic
the German Republic
Great Britain
British
the German Military Administration in Great Britain
England
English
the German Military Administration in England
Militärregierung
Militärregierung (Military Government)
Kaiser of the Old World
Respected Reformer
The Kaiser's Man
Knight of East Elbia
Socialist of Practice
Knight of East Elbia
Knight of East Elbia
Knight of East Elbia
Knight of East Elbia
Harbinger of Reaction
Harbinger of Reaction
Harbinger of Normalcy
Harbinger of Normalcy
M-P of §YPrussia§!
Silent Nonpartisan
Silent Nonpartisan
Father of the Land
Father of the Land
Determined Democrat
Determined Democrat
DVLP-Led Coalition
Rathenauplan Advocate
TB Plan Advocate
Chairman of the ADGB
Centralisation Ideologue
Centralisation Ideologue
Schleicher's Confidant
Yellow Unionist
DVLP Chairman
DVLP Chairman
DVLP Chairman
DVLP Chairman
DVLP Chairman
National Socialist Ideologue
Electronics Expert
Agricultural Economist
Conservative Grandee
Autarky Proponent
National Catholic
Construction Speed in Catholic States: §G+10.00%§!
$GER_martin_spahn$
Eastern Agrarian
Pragmatic Agrarian
Prussian Conservative
The Bridge
Propaganda Film Industry
Socialist Economist
Reformer of the Interior
Head of K-W Institute of Physics
Progressive Prelate
Grand Catholic Chieftain
Federalist Firebrand
Liberal Reformer
Schleicher's Mouthpiece
Schleicher's Mouthpiece
Left-Wing Educator
Conservative Socialists
Hiring this advisor allows the development of the Wissell Plan.
Modern Aristocrat
Reformist Agrarian
King of the Rhineland
Uncertain Dictator
Rebellious SPD Faction
Ephialtes of the Left
The Puppet Kaiser
Catholic Unionist
Bavarian Federalist
Spartanist Socialist
Hardline Democrat
Leader of the Ruhrlade
Land Reformer
Left-Wing Theoretician
Foreign Affairs Expert
Orthodox-Marxist Economist
