An Emergency Meeting of the Ministries has been held.
Ibrahim Bek has eliminated his political opponents.
Ibrahim Bek has been outmanoeuvred by his political opponents.
Does not have national spirit §YAftermath of the Revolutionary Coup§!
We are currently consorting with one of our factions.
§CIf the §0Reformists§! are §GContented§! or §GAppeased§! when this focus completes, we will receive increased §YStability§!.§!
§CIf the §PTraditionalists§! are §GContented§! or §GAppeased§! when this focus completes, we will receive increased §YPolitical Power§!.§!
If the §PTraditionalists§! are §RUpset§! or §RRebellious§! when this focus completes, we will §Rlose§! some §YStability§!.
We shall draft the §YConstitution of the Emirate§!, granting special bonuses based on our choices.\n\n
We shall decide whether to draft the §YConstitution of the Emirate§!, potentially taking our regime in a dramatically new direction.\n\n
Were we to turn to the Russians now, we would lose the last vestiges of our independence! We must deal with this ourselves!
§CDue to changes in the geopolitical situation, Bukhara has temporarily slipped out of our grasp! Once we reassert our dominion and protection over the Emirate, they will return under our control.§!
The Atalyk will drag Bukhara into a new, more radical future under the §nRadical Absolutists§!, converting half of $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ and $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity into $national_populist_coloured$ popularity.
A quarter of our $social_conservative_coloured$ and $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ popularity is converted into $radical_socialist_coloured$ popularity.
Gain §G1§! temporary Research Slot while this National Spirit is active.\n\nAfter §Y500§! days:\nModify §YJadid Education Reform§! by\n$MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$: §G+15.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+15.00%§!
After §Y100§! days:\nModify §YBanditry and Dissent§! by\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G-0.10§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_WEEKLY$: §G+0.20%§!\n$MODIFIER_COMPLIANCE_GROWTH$: §G+10%§!\n$MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_DAMAGE_TO_GARRISONS$: §G-10.00%§!
Combine §YRepublican Constitution§! and §YControl of the Shadow Council§! into §YThe Revolution Secured§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_COMPLIANCE_GAIN_ADD$: §R-0.01%§!\nDivision Organisation: §G+10%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_POPULARITY_FACTOR$: §G+20%§!\n$MODIFIER_COMMAND_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.15§!\nDaily Totalist Support: §G+0.02§!\n
Combine §YNational Populist Constitution§! and §YThe Uneasy Alliance§! into §YUnified in Party and Purpose§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+7%§!\n$MODIFIER_ARMY_MORALE_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_POPULARITY_FACTOR$: §G+15%§!\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+15%§!\n$national_populist_drift$: §G+0.01§!\n
§YNazir Turyakululy§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+7.50%§!, $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+7.50%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+7.50%§!).
§YTorekul Aitmatov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!, $MODIFIER_LAND_DOCTRINE_COST_FACTOR$: §G-10%§!).
§YShadzha Batyrov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!, $modifier_production_speed_industrial_complex_factor$: §G+10.00%§!).
§YSayid Nasir Mirjalilov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!, $MODIFIER_LOCAL_RESOURCES_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!).
§YTuryakul Zhunazak§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_TOTAL_FACTOR$: §G+10%§!, $MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!).
§YPolvonniyoz Hoji Yusupov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_LINE_CHANGE_PRODUCTION_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!, $MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!, $economy_cost_factor$: §G+-20%§!).
§YBobooxun Salimov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!, $MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!).
§YUsman Yusupov§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+20%§!, $MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_TOTAL_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!, $MODIFIER_GLOBAL_MONTHLY_POPULATION$: §G+25%§!).
The §PAbsolutist§! Faction of the §YManghud Dynasty§! will take power!
The §BMajlis§! will take over the formal reins of government!
We will have the opportunity to gain positive §YNational Spirits§! at the cost of faction §Ranger§! through a series of §YEvents§!.
§RIncreases the strength of the Samarkand Dissidents!§!
§GDecreases the strength of the Samarkand Dissidents!§!
This will slightly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §0Reformists§!
This will greatly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §0Reformists§!
This will slightly §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §0Reformists§!
This will moderately §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §0Reformists§!
This will greatly §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §0Reformists§!
This will slightly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §PTraditionalists§!
This will greatly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §PTraditionalists§!
This will slightly §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §PTraditionalists§!
This will moderately §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §PTraditionalists§!
This will slightly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
This will moderately §Graise§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
This will greatly §Graise§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
This will slightly §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
This will moderately §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
This will greatly §Rlower§! support for our administration among the §cRussians§!
The details of our §YEmergency Tax Plan§! will be determined by which faction prevails during the emergency meeting of the Ministers.
§RIgnoring the demands of the leading fathers of Samarkand could prove to have dire consequences!§!
Following the completion of the refurbishing efforts, §Y50§! units of Bukharan §Y$artillery_equipment$§! will be added to the national stockpile, and Bukhara will receive §G+7§! Preparation and a §YNational Spirit§! improving Artillery §YReliability§! and §YProduction Cost§!.
§YIf we rely on the local Russians to lobby Moscow on our behalf, they will advocate for the establishment of a Jadid-led republic.§!
§YIf we rely on the local Russians to lobby Moscow on our behalf, they will continue to defend the Emirate.§!
§Ythe agent sides with our cause!§!\nIf war breaks out with §YKhiva§!:
§Ybetrayal!§!\nIf war breaks out with §YKhiva§!:
Our §YDouble Agent§! in Khiva grants us the following spirit:
Bukharan Communist Party
Communist Party of Bukhara (Buxoro Kommunistik Partiyasi)
Samarkand Labour Union
Samarkand Labour Union (Saamrqand Zehmat Ittifaq)
Bukharan Workers Party
Bukharan Workers Party (Buxoro Ishchilar Partiyasi)
Young Bukharans
Young Bukharans (Yosh Buxoroliklar)
$BUK_social_democrat_party$
$BUK_social_democrat_party_long$
$BUK_social_democrat_party$
$BUK_social_democrat_party_long$
Manghud Dynasty
Manghud Dynasty (Majlis)
$BUK_social_conservative_party$
Manghud Dynasty (Obstructionists)
$BUK_social_conservative_party$
Manghud Dynasty (Absolutists)
Lokai Fundamentalists
$BUK_national_populist_party$
$BUK_social_conservative_party$
Manghud Dynasty (Radical Absolutists)
Turkestan Workers Party
Turkestan Workers Party (Turkestan Ishchilar Partiyasi)
$BUK_red_coup_radical_socialist_party$
$BUK_red_coup_radical_socialist_party_long$
$BUK_red_coup_radical_socialist_party$
$BUK_red_coup_radical_socialist_party_long$
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Loyalist)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Opposition)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Opposition)
Turkestan Workers Party
Turkestan Workers Party (Turkestan Ishchilar Partiyasi)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Opposition)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Opposition)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Loyalist)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Loyalist)
Young Turkestan
Young Turkestan (Radical Modernists)
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party (Yosh Turkistan Partiyasi)
$BUK_rep_social_democrat_party$
$BUK_rep_social_democrat_party_long$
$BUK_social_democrat_party$
$BUK_social_democrat_party_long$
Bukhara
Bukharan
$BUK$
Bukharan Socialist Republic
the Bukharan Socialist Republic
$BUK_totalist$
$BUK_totalist_DEF$
$BUK_totalist$
$BUK_totalist_DEF$
Mohammed Alim Khan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1880, in Bukhara, Emirate of Bukhara§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmir Sayid Mir Muhammad Alim Khan was groomed from birth to be the pawn of a foreign Emperor. At thirteen, the young prince was sent to Saint-Petersburg, where he studied modern military strategy and administration, while soaking in the culture of the Russian court. He returned home in 1909 as a Grand Prince by order of the Tsar, and would ascend as Emir only a year later. His first decree forbade his ministers, officials, and tax collectors from accepting bribes, leading the many progressive Jadid intellectuals to hail him as the grand reformer their Emirate desperately needed. This optimism would be short lived, however, when his second decree was promulgated, sending several prominent Jadids into Siberian exile. Alim Khan was happy to cut away ancient bureaucratic bloat, but he knew well that there was no place for an all-powerful unelected dictator in the plans of the reformers, and he provoked and purged these gadflies throughout his reign.\n\nThe Emir would prove to be a savvy, if sluggish, political operator during the Russian Civil War. He threw his weight behind neither Red nor White until the victor was certain, and (barely) staved off revolution domestically with a package of limited democratic and meritocratic reforms. In the years of peace since, the Emir has done everything in his power to undercut and undo these concessions, with the continued support of the violently conservative Lokai Tribal Chief Ibrahim Bek, who he has named Atalyk (regent) of the realm. With his fundamentalist base secured, it is only a matter of time before Alim Khan feels safe enough to try his hand at subduing his rebellious subjects once and for all.§!
Fayzullah Khodjaev
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1896, in Bukhara, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Sadriddin Ayni
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1878, in Sāktare, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Ibrahim Bek
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Koktash, Hissar Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Mulla Abdul Qahhor
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in Saidkent, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Shahmurad Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Bukhara, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Kayumz Mirza
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Nizamaddin Urganji
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Hissar, Hissar Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Usman Khodjaev
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Osh, Fergana Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Mustafa Münip Uzsoy
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Kostantiniye, Vilayet of Kostantiniye, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdusalim Dekhkanbaev
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1906, in Ashirkuzi, Fergana Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Eshon Khan
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Abdurauf Fitrat
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Bukhara, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Akmal Ikramov
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1898, in Tashkent, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Mahmudkhodja Behbudiy
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1875, in Samarkand, Samarkand Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Yuldash Akhunbabaev
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1885, in Djuibazar, Fergana Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Ivan Belyayev
§YBorn:§! §L1875, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Alla Nazar
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Umar Khan
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Alat Nalvan Ilmirzaev
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Aleksandr Miller
§YBorn:§! §L1868, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Khaider Khoja Mirbadalev
§YBorn:§! §L1864, in Orenburg, Orenburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Rakhim Khan
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Mirza Nasrullah
§YBorn:§! §L1860, in Shakhrisabz, Shakhrisabz Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Munavvar Qori
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Tashkent, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Muhiddin Mansurov
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Bukhara§!
Shirinsho Shotemur
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1899, in Roshan Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Nisar Muhammad Yousafzai
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Swabi, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
Amin Niyazov
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1903, in Fergana, Fergana Oblast, Russian Empire§!
Revolutionary Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin Bukhara, Bukhara Beylik, Emirate of Bukhara§!
Filipp Panov
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1870, in Nikolaev, Kherson Province, Russian Empire§!
Veli Kayyum Khan
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1904, in Tashkent, Syr Darya Oblast, Russian Empire§!
[BUK.GetName] Focus Tree
Parade the Lashkarya
The standing 'army' of Bukhara is, for the most part, a motley grouping of rough looking divisions and phantom armies, which exist on paper but have no soldiers, simply drawing money into the accounts of unscrupulous administrators and commanders. We should show those few units which are the exception - those dressy and gleaming elites of the Emirate.
Meet with the Cotton Barons
Far from the vaulted ceilings and grandiose stonework of the Ark of Bukhara, a small European home plays host to many of the most influential men in the Emirate. These great titans of the cotton industry squabble and gripe in smoke filled rooms, in many ways deciding the economic fate of the realm on their balance sheets and trade tables. It is time to pay them a visit.
Reaffirm Emergency Taxes
At the height of the Central Asian Crisis, our ministers proposed a series of emergency taxes on goods, hoping that a shock to the military budget would lead to a more modern army. While the modernization efforts have largely laid stagnant, the newfound wealth has been integral to the everyday operations of our government. Continuing these taxes for another year will be unpopular, but necessary.
Untangling the Administration
Hundreds of years of institutional rot eat away at our government, stifling the efficiency of our administration and leaving us vulnerable to corruption and mismanagement. The councillors and experts are too feeble and effete to challenge this status quo, but there are some left in our government who understand that sometimes, the best way to get rid of an infestation of rats is simply to bash the lot of them.
Shuffle the Council of Builders
There are few who travel to Bukhara without taking the time to revel in the majesty of its architecture, but fewer still who would claim that the great works of the city are anything but ancient. The Council of Builders was an informal grouping of skilled workers, assembled during the lowest points of the reform era. Today they are little more than a leech, growing fat on the government's dime.
Purchase Failing Cotton Plantations
While there is fertile land to be found across our realm, we see little in the way of revenue from our farmlands. Extensive Russian investment into cotton crops has borne some fruit, but with uncertainty in global markets our honored guests scramble to pay out their creditors. The time is ripe to purchase some of these marginal plantations, even if such acts will deplease our allies in Moscow.
The Twin Sisters of the Silk Road
At the height of transcontinental trade passing through Central Asia, Bukhara and Samarkand were the two greatest jewels of the Steppes. In the years following, Samarkand would find itself as the center of Islamic rule in the region, and the seat of many famous rulers ranging from Abu Muslim to Timur himself. We must give this city the respect it deserves, as an autonomous but subservient part of our realm.
The Emir's Right Hand
Ever since the red menace threatened to dethrone our Emir, the old rivalry between the Lokai leader Ibrahim Bek and Alim Khan has turned into a pragmatic alliance against those who would sell Bukhara to the devil. A proven military commander and a devout Muslim, Ibrahim is an invaluable ally to the throne, a role which we will make clear in our elevation of the role of Atalyk above all other positions in the Emirate.
Strengthen the Militias
The heart of our military has long been the peasant levies, drawn up in times of crisis to serve as reluctant cannon fodder and unmotivated soldiers. It has been years since we have taken an accurate tally of the able-bodied men in our realm, however, meaning that some of the more cunning peasantry could avoid impressment if a conflict were to break out. This is unacceptable.
Reform the Professional Army
The permanent army of Bukhara, the “Lashkarya,” is little more than a collection of border guards, ill-fitted to face any force stronger than demoralized bandits or uppity peasants. Extensive reforms are needed to bring the Royal Army up to modern standards, especially in the face of growing resistance from the more conservative members of our administration.
Expand our Fortifications
For the last decade, our northern border has been threatened by the rogue warlord Madamin Bek, hungry for the riches of Samarkand. While the watchful eye of our Russian patrons have kept us safe so far, we must take matters into our own hands. A series of outposts along our northern border could help to contain our aggressive neighbour, and buy us time to mobilize our militias.
Refurbish Ancient Artillery
Poverty makes for ingenuity, and there are few places poorer than Bukhara. Just because a cannon was used to scatter the Turkmen tribes in 1762, does not mean said cannon cannot scatter the Turkmen of today. We will refurbish older stock to equip as many of our units as possible with some form of heavy fire, even if it is not remotely up to modern standards.
Reassess our Military Position
For years, the official position of our military forces is that they should serve as little more than the auxiliaries of our Russian protectors. As the situation in Europe heats up and the warlord in Turkestan grows confident, we may have to face a new, frightening reality. If the Basmachi march south, it may be entirely up to us to defend our homes.
Import Foreign Expertise
While it is disappointing to our administration, the truth of the matter is that we are largely dependent on foreigners to take advantage of our natural wealth and fund the modernization of our state. With this influx of foreign technology and investment comes the need for bright minds from abroad. After all, did the great Emir himself not study in snow-covered halls of Saint-Petersburg?
Promote the 'Young Turks'
A few years ago, some of our finest officers were invited to travel to the Ottoman capital to better learn the art of modern warfare. While our Russian patrons chafed at this foreign interference, even they could not argue against the benefits of such an endeavor. It is now time to harvest the fruits of this mission by promoting these young officers into positions of prominence, and reforming our Royal Army around them.
Invite Additional Russian Advisors
The core of our new Royal Army is a thoroughly Russian body, trained in their style and trappings, and equipped with the finest surplus Russian equipment gold can buy. Every success we have achieved in updating our armed forces has been thanks to the cooperation and expertise of our Russian advisors, and if we hope to make further strides we will once again need the support of adventurous and innovative Muscovites.
Fire Barrage Tactics
Artillery is a modern technology, with modern applications and modern problems. For a nation like ours, with a limited industrial base and little opportunity to purchase these advanced armaments, we will need to pool our indirect firepower into carefully selected locales, to assert local firepower superiority and better support our soldiery.
Echeloned Defence Tactics
The terrain of Central Asia makes fortification difficult, while the foothills and steppes are perfect for stretching enemy logistics, meaning that by holding significant reserves and marshaling our limited military forces, we can potentially take on opponents with greater numbers and resources.
Rein in the Clans
Outside of the capital, our realm is ruled largely through a network of feudal patronage networks, with powerful clan leaders paying little more than lip service to the central government. While the last couple of decades has seen remarkable centralisation of the hinterlands, recent neglect has led several of our more independently minded Beys to suddenly forget their newfound obligations to the central government. We will need to remind them.
Restore Magok-i-Attari Mosque
Originally a Zoroastrian temple in the heart of Bukhara, the Magok-i-Attari Mosque was built in the years immediately following the Arab conquest of the region. The complex has been renovated several times over the following millennium, and has held a storied past as the home of both Muslims and Bukhara's population of Jews throughout the centuries. We should restore it to its former glory.
Our Contacts in Afghanistan
Many of the Tajik and Uzbek tribal leaders in our nation have fostered ties across the border in Afghanistan. After all, in the hinterlands of our Emirate one's loyalties lie with local authorities far above that of Kabul or Bukhara. We must draw upon these cross-border connections for our benefit, drawing resources out of friendly chiefs to the south.
Honour the Ulemma
The Ulemma Jemyeti, or Board of Learned Men, is a council of Muslim leaders focused on maintaining the position of Islam and its clerics in Turkestan. Our commitment to Shari'a is absolute, and, regardless of Russian influence, the mullahs reign supreme in our society. With the godless socialists and their Jadid allies agitating against our Emir, the intervention of the Ulemma is needed.
Call for the Faithful
The foundation of our Emirate is our commitment and devotion to our faith, and while we take little stock in the opinions of the masses, it is the faithful who make up our most loyal subjects. We will need to galvanise this group of true believers against the poisonous words and treasonous actions of the godless and the misguided, or else these riotous mobs will tear apart our great Emirate.
Jihad Against Jadidism
When the survival of Islam in our realm is called into question, the Ulema are able to call for a “Gazavat” holy war of resistance, conscripting all able-bodied Muslim men into the service of our devoted Emir. Such a proclamation has not been made since the days of the Russian Revolution, yet our very religion is threatened by the heretical teachings of the Jadids and their allies.
Manage the Ministries
The central government of Bukhara is made up of a complex assortment of officials, who often bicker over their overlapping responsibilities and powers. Recently, however, the government has truly devolved into a sort of diarchy, with ministers loyal to the Kushbeggi and administrators loyal to the Atalyk each carving away at any semblance of healthy governance. We must put these troublemakers in their place.
Empower the Kushbeggi
There is not a soul in Bukhara who does not see Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji as a puppet of the conservative mullahs, but there is a reason that this wise statesman has retained his post for more than a decade. He has repeatedly proven his loyalty to the Emir, and has served as a stalwart defence against the radicalism which creeps further and further into our nation. With our full support, he may continue in his dutiful administration.
Loosen Uzbekisation
Our Emir has learned much about the Russification efforts employed by the old Tsardom while studying in Saint-Petersburg, and in turn formulated a strategy to forcibly educate the Tajiks in Uzbek customs and language. This policy has done little aside from creating a generation of Tajik subjects who despise their Emir. By loosening this policy of forced assimilation, we can extend an olive leaf.
Empower the Majlis
In the years following the Civil War, Jadid elder Mirzo Abdulvohid Munzim dominated the domestic policy of the nation as Chairman of the Majlis, presiding over a decade of semi-constitutional rule. His death allowed Alim Khan to circumvent the reforms, but recent events have forced the Emir to once again allow the Council to meet, potentially ushering in a new era of Bukharan reformism.
Force a Meeting of the Moderates
In the aftermath of the Atalyk's gamble for control, the various oppositional factions within our court have gone right back to counter-productive squabbling, threatening to once again freeze our government. While the Kushbeggi and the Majlis may not like one another, they've already shown their ability to work together in a crisis. We will force them to do it again.
Strengthen State Institutions
The period of dual rule under the Atalyk and Kushbeggi have created confusion in all levels of governance, as administrators picked and choosed who to report to, to which government taxes should flow, and what rules of law to listen to. It is time to reassert clear hierarchies of power and strong institutions which the state can actually rely upon in times of need.
Enact Emergency Provisions
Through godless guile and violent insurrection, the socialists and their allies in Turkestan have destabilized our control of Samarkand, threatening the heart of our realm. With our government no longer held by the shackles of deadlock, we can move fast to reassert control over our borders and preempt further revolutionary activity.
Open the Caches
At the height of the Central Asian Crisis, Russian garrisons retreating from Tashkent and Ashgabat carried vast stocks of arms, hoping to prevent their capture by the Persians or Basmachi warlords. When the situation settled, these stocks of largely outdated armaments were stored away, forgotten by the vast and disorganised Empire they belonged to. The Russians may have abandoned these arms, but we will ensure they find their way to the battlefield!
The Last Stand for Bukhara
Madamin Bek's dogs and Junaid Khan's bandits bear down on our capital, threatening to plunder and pillage their way through every alley and square until there is nothing left of our Emirate but a smouldering ruin. We will not turn and run, but rather hold fast, reinforcing the Karshin Gates and securing the vital bridges over the Amu Darya, Kashka Darya, and Zeravshan Rivers.
Reconstructing the Emirate
The battle for Samarkand has left our Emirate with deep scars, with a new generation touched by the brutality of war, our coffers depleted, and our faith in Russia shaken. Yet we stand now as we never have before. The rabble rousers in Tashkent called us the chained dogs of the kafir, but we showed them the depth of our resilience when we heated them on the battlefield.
Expand the Beylik System
Traditionally, the Emirate of Bukhara was divided into a number of Beyliks provinces, each ruled by an appointed governor. This foundational administrative system has served the Emirate well for centuries, and will be the framework for a new division of our realm into governorates, each led by a Bey whose true loyalties must lie more with the Emir than the lands they rule.
Our Own Okhrana
For too long, the control of our citizenry rested solely on the shoulders of our governors, who cultivated informal networks of informants and crudely crushed any sign of dissent. We must look north to the Russian model of surveillance, forming a purpose-built agency to monitor and combat revolutionary activity.
Restore Order to the Territories
The fighting in Samarkand and our borderlands proved one thing conclusively: while our control of Bukhara and its surroundings is complete, our ability to project power beyond that is hampered by poor lines of communication and transportation, and a moribund system of Governors and military districts. We must reorganise the military commands to match our recent reforms to the Beylik System.
Develop the Heartland
While it is tempting to cast our eyes far beyond the borders of our capital, we must remember that our home is Bukhara, the heart of the Emirate. Wealth should flow from the hinterland into the capital, not the other way around! We will lead a series of public work projects to make a worthy capital for our realm.
§YBukhara§! gains the modifier §YJewel of Central Asia§!, which grants\n      $MODIFIER_STATE_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+15%§!\n      $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS$: §G+3§!\n\n
Jewel of Central Asia
Draft the Emir's Constitution
The Emir has ruled for decades by decree, his powers held in check only by his advisors and commanders. The moderate Jadids have long clamored for the promulgation of a constitution and the establishment of a parliament, while the absolutists have increasingly adopted the notion of a constitution as a means to formalize the status-quo. With our victory in the War on the Steppes, we have the leeway to choose a path forward.
Dealing with the Tajiks
At the height of the crisis in Samarkand, the agitation of our rebellious Tajik subjects threatened to destabilize the entirety of our Emirate. For years, we have tried every possible approach towards dealing with the issue of these disloyal Tajiks, cutting deals and cutting off heads in even numbers. This indecision must end if we are ever going to stabilize the realm, and a clear policy towards the Tajiks must be drafted.
Feared and Loved
Years ago, the Italian philosopher Niccolò Machiavelli stated that, 
A New Islamic Renaissance
The rise of the Jadid reform movement among Uzbek and Tajik clergy has been disastrous to the culture and religion of our realm. These men have abandoned the very faith they claim expertise over, instead choosing to argue amongst themselves and scheme against the reign of a devout ruler. We will invest our resources into a new generation of scholars who can refute the heretical teachings of the kafir.
Stretch our Wings
For too long, we have been wholly cowed by our allegiance to apathetic overlords and the interests of foreign powers. It is time that we stretch our wings as a regional power, asserting ourselves as an equal partner, rather than a weak backwater. We may even wish to once again look to our borders and reclaim what rightfully belongs to our realm.
Raise Urban Militias
When the Emir was overthrown and a new democratic and socialist republic was declared, the vast majority of the tribal military and militia units abandoned our national cause, pledging themselves to local warlords or our enemies. While we will need to rely on our Russian allies, we can also move to equip urban workers with arms, organising them into loose cadres so that they may defend their homes.
Promote Overlooked Merit
For centuries, caste systems, tribal arrangements, and hereditary stagnation has meant that thousands of bright and capable minds have been ignored in the favour of the witless relatives of corpulent Beys. We will promote a new generation of driven and bright leaders, not from the bloodlines of Ghengis but from the harshest factory lines and dingiest farming hamlets. They will succeed where the old blood has failed!
Complete the Purge
The work of overturning centuries of ruthless authoritarian oppression, backwards brutality, and monarchical stagnation is neither pleasant nor easy. For every corrupt leech on the lifeblood of the peasantry we condemn to labor re-education, two reactionary parasites sneak under our gaze. Regardless, we must transition our frenetic programme of political cleansing with something a little more sustainable if we wish to stabilize the nation.
Form a Provisional Government
To gain the legitimacy we so desperately need, we will need to be willing to reach across to our republican brethren, even if we fundamentally disagree with them on the future our young republic needs. We will use Comrade Khodjaev's connections within the Young Bukharan movement to invite some members into a nascent government body. While their contributions will be limited, they will serve as valuable symbols of our unity!
Draft Political Officers
Our nation's military situation is marked by an unfortunate conundrum: those with significant military experience in the previous regime are politically unreliable, and those who are most ideologically committed unfortunately have little in the way of military experience. The best solution is to embed politically active officers into our units, so that our soldiers may learn more about the cause they are fighting for!
Adopt 'War Socialism'
Trying to coordinate the various tribal and urban militias, former army units, and barely-better-than-bandits irregulars is a gargantuan task, and our lack of clear hierarchy has threatened to unravel the fabric of our military coordination. We will subordinate all of our units under an emergency military council, made up of a small number of relatively trusted officers. It is frightening to grant them these sweeping powers, but we have no other choice.
Wake the Sleeping Proletariat
The people of Bukhara have been shackled by the chains of feudal brutality for centuries, with any attempt to educate the proletariat of their struggle stamped out by the violence inherent to the old system. It is no surprise, then, that there is next to no ideological development among the people of Bukhara, even a great number of urban workers. We must make them understand that we are fighting for their freedom!
Dawn of Modern Turkestan
For more than a thousand years, the Central Asian tribes have been dominated by petty khans, violent autocrats, and foreign governors. Finally, our nation can step out of the darkness of royalist control, and into the light of the modern world! Through our blood, sweat, and tears, we will turn Turkestan into a glorious and modern republic!
Sweeping Land Reform Efforts
The lands of Central Asia have great potential. While much of the region is harsh and fallow, there are areas which have great potential as fertile farming communities. Unfortunately for us, these lands are dominated by corpulent landowners who mismanage and squander the bountiful grounds granted to them by ancient Emirs. Unfortunately for these landowners, we are more than willing to expropriate these lands out from under their control.
§YKhorezm§!, §YBukhara§!, §YSamarkand§!, §YTashkent§!, and §YKokand§! gain the modifier §YLand Reform Efforts§!, which grants\n      $MODIFIER_LOCAL_SUPPLIES$: §G+20%§!\n      $MODIFIER_RECRUITABLE_POPULATION_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n      $MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS$: §G+1§!\n\n
Land Reform Efforts
Draft a Republican Constitution
When Aleksandr Miller attempted to force a constitution through the halls of the Ark of Bukhara, he was rebuffed by the Emir, who was afraid of the ‘magical power' such a document would grant. The Emir was right about one thing, those powers granted by a constitution - checks and balances, fundamental citizen rights, procedures and institutions of government - do have a certain magic to them, a magic we hope dearly to utilise.
Implement Education Reforms
The Jadid progressive education reform campaign was one of the first true political movements in Central Asia, gathering the support of hundreds of leading intellectual figures and statesmen to action real and lasting reforms to the outmoded traditional madrasa education. Unlike our predecessors, who rewarded these brave and diligent pioneers with lashes, exile, and execution, we will support and fund these new modernisation plans!
Hold Local Elections
One of the essential foundations of our republic's legitimacy is our government's relationship with the people of Central Asia. We are the defenders of the people's will, and it is through the implementation of local national elections that we will truly reflect the spirit of our citizenry. Of course, some restrictions will be necessary to safeguard the fundamental nature of our republic.
Eliminate the Warlords
Even after our victories over the bandit realms of Junaid Khan and Madamin Bek, our lands are plagued by the remnants of their illegitimate states - roving bands of thugs and warlords, supported by clandestine insurgent enclaves. With our new national army empowered and reorganised, we finally have the tools to fully secure our nation by destroying these violent marauders and the dissents who protect them.
Promote a Unified Language
Chagatai Turkic was the shared language of our realm for centuries, but in the last two hundred or so years local dialects have diverged sharply from their now archaic origin. However, there is a cadre of brave intellectual thinkers who believe that, with the proper modernisation and implementation, we could once again forge a shared language, modelled on Chagatai but not beholden to some of its most difficult quirks.
Tear Down the Folk Shrines
The practice of Islam throughout Central Asia is tainted with local superstition, the divine truth corrupted by over a thousand years of local misinterpretation. We have established a network of local religious boards, meant to serve as the link between the government and the people, struggling to destroy the very unnecessary superstructures and incorrect interpretations of Islam.
Reorganise the Republican Army
Without a centralised, organised, and loyal army, our young republic does not stand a chance. Unlike our predecessors, we cannot rely on the support and command of local feudal chieftains and lords to supply us with soldiers and defend our government. Instead, we will need to build new institutions of military organisation from the ground up, gutting the atrophied officer corps of the Emirate and slashing and burning our way through its traditional structure.
Break the Crowns
While our people have been freed from the yoke of monarchical oppression, those living in foreign lands continue to suffer under the boot heel of sadistic and cruel monarchs, and the evil institutions which maintain their rule. We are proud to serve in a crusade to rid the world of these monstrous cretins - relics of the old world which must be drawn like poison from a wound.
The §0Reformists§! are currently: §RRebellious§!\n
The §0Reformists§! are currently: §RUpset§!\n
The §0Reformists§! are currently: §LNeutral§!\n
The §0Reformists§! are currently: §GContented§!\n
The §0Reformists§! are currently: §GSupportive§!\n
The §PTraditionalists§! are currently: §RRebellious§!\n
The §PTraditionalists§! are currently: §RUpset§!\n
The §PTraditionalists§! are currently: §LNeutral§!\n
The §PTraditionalists§! are currently: §GContented§!\n
The §PTraditionalists§! are currently: §GSupportive§!\n
The §cRussians§! are currently: §RFurious§!\n
The §cRussians§! are currently: §RAnnoyed§!\n
The §cRussians§! are currently: §LConcerned§!\n
The §cRussians§! are currently: §GAppeased§!\n
The §cRussians§! are currently: §GPleased§!\n
Revolutionary Activity:\n§GRevolutionary movements are quiet or adequately suppressed.§!\n\n
Revolutionary Activity:\n§LWorrying reports of revolutionary activity in Samarkand.§!\n\n
Revolutionary Activity:\n§RSamarkand dissenters openly and actively moving against us!§!\n\n
Balancing the needs and desires of the factions is vital to Bukhara's safety. If either of the native groups are displeased with the direction of the nation, they may serve as a §Rdangerous fifth column§! for our many enemies! [BUK_get_balancing_act_russia]\n\n
With the conflict in Central Asia over and our control over the region secured, we can rest much more easily regarding the dangers of the various factions. However, we should still remain cognizant of the influence that these groups continue to hold. [BUK_get_balancing_act_russia]\n\n
Of special importance, we must keep the §cRussians§! happy, lest they grow unsupportive of our continued stewardship of Central Asia. If their attitude towards us is §RAnnoyed§! or §RFurious§!, we may be annexed by them once the war in Central Asia ends! 
The Bukharan Balancing Act
Bukhara is a nation divided along ideological, sectarian, and tribal lines, and little has been done to rectify this situation or unify these disparate peoples. To guide the government forward, these groups must be mollified or dealt with. The §PTraditionalists§!, representing the allies of the Atalyk and much of the military apparatus, are worried that their ancient privileges will be revoked, while the §0Reformists§!, representing much of the bureaucracy, especially in the semi-autonomous Samarkand city government, demand modernisation and change.\n\n[BUK_get_balancing_act][BUK_get_yb_strength][BUK_get_young_bukharan_support][BUK_get_atalyk_support][BUK_get_russian_support]
Samarkand Notables Demand Action
The Stifled Majis Demands Action
Military Figures Demand Action
Preparations for War
The fighting that broke out in Central Asia during the Russian Civil War and the Tashkent Crisis proved one thing definitively: when faced by a hail of machine gun fire and artillery bombardment, even the most zealous warriors do not last long. It is no surprise then, that the attention of all the Central Asian powers is towards the modernisation and centralisation of their armies before conflict once again erupts in the region, putting each of the roughshod Basmachi armies to the test.\n\nOur Current Preparation Level is £GFX_supply_texticon [?BUK_prep|H0]§Y%§!\n\nIf our Preparation is below §Y50%§! by the time that war breaks out, the quality of our soldiers will suffer from our neglect.\n
Arm the Lashkarya
'Lose' Russian Aid
Sufficiently Supply the Army
Subordinate Militia Units
Flatten Military Hierarchy
Study Great War Doctrines
Complete our Military Reforms
The Council of Builders
Maintain Bukharan Roadways
Support Domestic Industry
Consort with the Traditionalists
Consort with the Reformists
Consort with the Russians
Moscow's Southern Bulwark
Russian Economic Control
At the height of the Central Asian insurrection, the Russian Republic recognized us as an independent state with dominion over the region of Samarkand. Regardless of this new geopolitical arrangement, our old hegemon still projects a great deal of influence over our economy. Russian capital and machinery have brought great technological and economic advancement to Bukhara. Almost all of the earnings from these new railways, cotton plantations, and gold mines go to their Russian owners, however, leaving us with only a paltry share of profits that were generated from our nation's fertile land and plentiful resources.
Devastation from Black Monday
Retaking Economic Control
Reinvigorated Council of Builders
Tribal Auxiliaries
Holding Out For Russia
Support of the Ulemma
Additional Army Funding
Austerity Measures
Technocratic Recovery Plan
Struggling Bureaucracy
There are distinct tensions between the many branches of the Emirate's government. In recent years, the well-oiled machinery of the state has ground to a halt, as Emir Alim Khan has begun favouring intervening more directly in the affairs of his ministers. Fearful of the Jadid dominated Majlis, the Emir has left the central organ of government leaderless, instead filling postings with yes-men and loyalists. There is a fear amongst the reformists that the state bureaucracy is close to breaking down completely, whilst the conservatives criticize the current administrative system as having been hollowed out and ruined by reformists.
Moribund Government
The economic crisis which befell our government during the beginning of 1936 has proven to be the last nail in the coffin of our terminally ill administration. With the Majlis listless and leaderless and the Emir's favoured subordinates ill-equipped to deal with our current crisis, the basic functions of governance have broken down and our bureaucracy has been left disorganised and confused. The reformists have decried the current situation as the result of a systematic effort to unravel the Miller Reforms, while the conservatives point their fingers at the supposed corruption and bloat of the Emirate's administrative system as the cause of this crisis.
Antiquated Army
Although Emir Alim Khan personally studied at Russian military academies and has long been aided by Russian advisors, our attempts to reform the Bukharian army is a continuous struggle with few happy results. Most of our fighting force is still a glorified levy and tribal militia, to be called on in times of crisis. The standing army is showing promise, but has been slow to adapt to modern equipment and new tactics. Something must be done, before we are thrust into another war.
Trouble with the Tajiks
Driven Uzbekisation
The Tajik Compromise
Addressing the Tajik Question
Formalized Tajik Equality
Peace Optimism
Funding Education Projects
Rejuvenated Traditional Madrasas
Cautious Jadid Education Experiments
Increased Beylik Authority
Beholden Governors
The Chairman's Constitution
The Compromise Constitution
The Kushbeggi's Constitution
The Atalyk's Constitution
Nascent Nationalist Zeal
Purging the Tyrants
Finishing the Job
Aftermath of the Revolutionary Coup
Military Leadership Vacuum
Political Officers
Meritocratic Surge
Emergency Military Council
Optimism of the Idealists
Republican Constitution
The Revolution Secured
Dream of the Popular Front
Topple the Tyrants!
The Uneasy Alliance
Learning to Live with Each Other
National Populist Constitution
Unified in Party and Purpose
Zealous Military Command
Control of the Shadow Council
Civilian Controlled Republican Army
Language Unification Programme
Jadid Education Reform
Uprooting Religious Norms
Religious Boards
Reforming the Army
Continuing Army Reforms
Continuing Army Reforms
Artillery Modernisation Efforts
Artillery Modernisation Efforts
Ottoman Trained Officer Corps
Additional Russian Advisors
Elastic Defence Focus
Offensive Firepower Focus
Defensive Army
Flexible Army
Flexible Army
Offensive Army
Motivated Militias
Emergency Provisions
Bukhara's Last Stand
Negotiations with Samarkand
Negotiations with Samarkand Stalling Out
Failure at Samarkand
Shuffled Ministries
Khivan Double Agent
The Emirate of Bukhara was rewarded for its support to the White cause, and has remained a steadfastly pro-Russian ally.\n\nBut as reformists from within seek to undermine Emir Alim Khan's rule, and Bukhara's neighbours to the north and west covet his wealthy lands, the future remains uncertain.\n\nWill the Emirate hold on, or collapse to the dustbin of history as just another one of Moscow's client states?
GFX_BUK_intro
Bukhara and the Civil War
From Within and Without
Reform vs Reaction
As the civil war raged in Russia, so too did the Young Bukharan movement - in March 1918, they attempted to wrestle control of the Emirate of Bukhara. They were soundly defeated;  the conservative Emir Mohammed Alim Khan attempted to hold his position of absolute power against the emboldened and radicalized movement, executing Red emissaries and clamping down on dissent within his domain. The protectorate was able to hold on, largely due to the Emir's support for the White cause. The pre-war arrangements and treaties were quickly reaffirmed, and the Emir was more than happy to browbeat his increasingly rebellious subjects with the support of his old Russian allies.\n\nWith the external Red threat eliminated, the Emir of Bukhara turned to the insidious radical movement within the city of Bukhara itself. Having executed a number of prominent reformists at the height of the Civil War, the tension between the conservative and autocratic rule of the Emir and the popular Young Bukharan movement threatened to rip the city apart. While Alim Khan initially prepared to burn out the cancer of liberalism in his realm through a violent purge, news of this planned massacre reached the ears of the newly formed SR/Kadet Government in Moscow, which heavily pressured the Emir to negotiate with the democratic opposition. With the threat of Russian intervention into the issue looming over the Emir, he immediately set to work drafting a reform package which would satisfy the Russians while ceding as little power as possible.
The Emir opened an elected Communal Majlis which could send proposals to be reviewed by the Emir and his newly formed Council of Ministers, an appointed body of elder statesmen who would serve the Emir directly. As an additional olive branch to the Young Bukharans, the elder liberal Mirzo Abdulvohid Munzim was appointed as the first Chairman of the Council of Ministers. These reforms alleviated the Russian pressure on Bukhara, and gave the people a voice to propose legislation, though the Emir was loath to actually pass anything which crossed his desk. However, the Council of Ministers proved to be a dynamic group, and Munzim spearheaded a number of minor reforms to the Emirate, shaving away bureaucratic bloat and developing meritocratic institutions.\n\nWith the fallout of the 1929 coup and the ensuing chaos in Central Asia, the Emir made his move. Sensing an opportunity to expand his influence, Emir Alim Khan declared himself the “Protector of Samarkand,” intervening in the conflict. Seeing the devastation of Semirechye, the city accepted the armies of Bukhara into their gates, and the leader of the Emir's armies, the disciplined Ibrahim Bek, began to prepare for a siege. Worried of a Russian or Alash attack from the north, and recognizing a hardened foe to his south, Madamin called off the invasion of Samarkand and prepared to defend his newly won territories.
After the conflict, the divide between the Emir and his Council of Ministers deepened, as the liberal Council expanded their powers and reach at the cost of his own. Just when it looked as though the Young Bukharans would be able to force Alim Khan into instituting a constitution and democratizing the state, the liberals suffered a major setback upon the death of their de-facto leader, the Chairman of the Council Mirzo Abdulvohid Munzim. Seeing this opportunity to turn back the tides of reform, Alim Khan refused to appoint a new Chairman, leaving the post vacant and the Council rudderless.\n\nInstead, the Emir has delegated increased powers to the conservative and vitriolically anti-Russian Atalyk Ibrahim Bek, though this arrangement is both unpopular with the people and increasingly inefficient. Not only are the Jadid reformers upset with his rule; many of his ministers see the newly empowered Atalyk as a rabid and unleashed dog who threatens to bring the Emirate into conflict with Russia. Alim Khan is not convinced by such arguments, however, and knows that as long as he occupies the Ark of Bukhara, the Emirate will stand as a steadfast ally to Moscow.
The Central Asian nations will come with §Cadditional paths and content§! in future updates.\n\n£white_dot Bukhara will become $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ if the focus §YJihad against Jadidism§! is taken. Otherwise, it will remain $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$.\n£white_dot If Russia is socialist, Bukhara will eventually turn $radical_socialist_coloured$ at the onset of the Samarkand Crisis, just before war with Turkestan and Khiva.
The Bukharan Balancing Act
Bukhara is a nation divided along ideological, sectarian, and tribal lines, and Emir Sayid Alim Khan and his government has done precious to rectify this situation in the turbulent last decade. When the Russian Civil War first erupted, the Emir tried desperately to remain neutral, terrified that the coming war would lead to the end of his rule. Having rejected the reforms of his moderate Kushbeggi (Prime Minister) Mirza Nasrullah, sacking him in favour of the elders' darling Nizamiddin Urganji. While Urganji's steady hand and harsh reaction towards any socialist dissent was appreciated by the traditionalists and Russians alike, he was wholly unprepared to mend any of the deep ideological wounds scarring Bukhara. In the decades since, the stagnation of the Urganji led government has been lamented by the left, but it was changes from the political right which have finally uprooted the status quo.\n\nIbrahim Bek, a tribal leader from eastern Bukhara, who proved his loyalty and ability during the closing days of the Civil War, has been elevated by the Emir as the Atalyk - a nebulous position first held by the regents of the Golden Horde. With the vague limits of his newfound power, Ibrahim Bek has split the traditionalist faction between the Kushbeggi's old allies in the Ulemma, who view Russia as the only thing keeping the godless socialists from overthrowing the monarchical regime, and his new tribal and military elites who view Russia as just another tyrannical oppressor. While the Emir is personally deeply loyal to Russia, he views Ibrahim Bek as a valuable counterweight to Urganji's power, and seeks to further empower this wild man from the east should trouble with the reformers escalate. Of course, these reformers, mainly low-level bureaucrats and progressive Jadid intellectuals, see the rise of the Atalyk as an existential threat to their political influence and, more importantly, their lives. They will not see him solidify his grasp without a fight.
They will all come to heel, one way or another!
Moscow's Southern Bulwark
In comparison to the stormy days of the New Year's Coup, the last half decade has been a period of peace and stagnation, as all sides lick their wounds and hope to recover. Central Asia stands today as a pot teetering on the edge of boiling over, with intellectuals, bandits, revolutionaries, and despots all looking to carve away at the status quo. Across the borders, our allies in Russia attempt to make sense of the maelstrom, drawing out plans and calculating the logistics required to restore order to the region. With the rebellious Khivans and Turkestani bandits chipping away at our borders, their work is certainly cut out for them. It is only a matter of time before open conflict once again breaks out in Central Asia, and yet the armies and militias of the states found within the region are universally undisciplined, underfunded, and barely functional. It will take quite a bit of work to reforge peasant rabble and upjumped bandits into true armies, and one can only guess how each polity plans to reform their armies.\n\nHowever, there is one thing which is certain - §Rthe peace of '29 will not last.§!
We need to stay vigilant!
Black Monday Arrives in Bukhara
As much as we are loath to admit it, Bukhara is the economic playground of adventurous Russian and German industrialists, who long have seen our realm as an untapped source of cotton just waiting to be taken advantage of. For years, we reaped the rewards of this relationship, even as our economy became more and more dependent on hungry European markets to survive. With the recent economic collapse in Berlin and Moscow, the other shoe has dropped. Bales of cotton rot at market warehouses and train depots, while foreign agents and speculators flee in droves as companies fold and panic sets in. As the dust settles, we will be forced to pick up the pieces and salvage what we can, while preparing for the recovery of global markets so that we can resume making goldmarks and rubles hand over foot.
Oh no!
Emergency Meeting of the Ministers
Following the devastation of the Black Monday crash, the Emir and his Kushbeggi have called for a series of meetings with the whole of the Council of Ministers, aimed at tightening our belts and recovering from the economic downturn. There has been little common ground found, as individual ministers care more about supporting the plans proposed by their patrons, rather than compromising and determining what is the best course of action. The Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji has pushed for the forced retirement of some of the more expensive military toys and the bigwigs who pushed for their adoption. He believes that while the Emir is unlikely to support a military cut-back, temporary setbacks and potential emergencies could be absorbed by closer coordination with Russia, while giving us more revenue to inject into the free-falling economy.\n\nHe is fervently opposed by the Atalyk and his military allies, who have instead proposed that a fierce campaign against government corruption would be adequate to regain the fiscal initiative, while maintaining the power of the military to defend against increasingly aggressive posturing by our neighbours. Of course, even he understands that money to recover the economy will not simply sprout out of the ground, but he is fervent in his arguments against relying further on Russian aid. Instead, he believes that investment into the military will create jobs for the jobless, while beefing up the Emir's ability to enforce his taxes and cow the corrupt into compliance.\n\nThe Russians, for their part, have suggested that neither faction of the Council of Ministers has a viable plan to recover the Emirate. Instead, their patron ministers have proposed vesting an 'independent' committee of technocrats and experts with sweeping powers to reform the Bukharan economy. Of course, most of such technocrats would be Russian, a fact which is hard for most Bukharans, including the Emir, to swallow.
We must bulk up our military!
Cut red tape and tighten our belt.
Turn to the Russian advisory.
Assassination of Mirza Nasrullah
In the days leading up to the declaration of the Tashkent Soviet and the entry of Central Asia into the maelstrom of the Civil War, Kushbeggi Mirza Nasrullah worked closely with Russian agent Aleksandr Miller to draft a series of liberal reforms to keep the leftists of the Emirate pacified and maintain the stability of the realm. However, Nasrullah would not be successful in selling the reform package, called the April Reforms, to the Emir, and would ultimately be undone by his expenditure of political capital into the reform project, losing the support of the Emir and the Russians before being unceremoniously sacked in favour of Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji. While the Russians would come to regret their abandonment of Nasrullah, especially as they were forced to work with Urganji while attempting to revive his dead proposals in 1921, the Emir has more or less fully forgotten about this elder statesman. In the last five years, Nasrullah returned from a long political exile in the eastern Beyliks to enter the government as the Shahwal, or foreign minister, mainly on the back of Russian support. In this position, he continued to distinguish himself as a flexible and reasonable leader, creating compromise coalitions between the Russians and reformists to force through vitally important trade and diplomatic reforms in the Emirate.\n\nHowever, in the great 'game' of influence between the Kushbeggi and his traditionalists, the Atalyk, the Russians, and the reformists, no piece is safe from the danger of their service. Directly following a government feast, Mirza Nasrullah suddenly came down sick and then passed in the night, before being rapidly spirited away into a grave by government officials. No one has been able to determine who ordered his overnight internment, as there are many, especially among the Russians and reformists, who believe that Nasrullah was poisoned by his enemies - either the Kushbeggi or the Atalyk are likely suspects. Some have gone as far as to quietly implicate the Emir in this supposed assassination, whispers which grow louder the longer that Alim Khan remains silent on the issue and his poisoner remains at large.
Maybe it was just the stress of his work?
Samarkand Notables Request Aid
With the economic depression wrecking every strata and region of our economy, there is little opportunity to hear the individual complaints of subjects against the backdrop wail of a failing state. However, there are some individuals who are often able to make their voices heard, due to their sweeping localised importance or influence, or because of their ability to reach the ear of the Emir. In Samarkand, the Bukharan Emirate was only able to secure a semblance of authority over the city and its surroundings with the tacit support of the council of city leaders who took power during the Tashkent Crisis.\n\nThese same leaders have now come to us, requesting that we provide them with aid and assistance to help their city recover from the economic collapse. The truth is that such a proposition is daunting - while Bukhara is the capital of the Emirate, Samarkand is a more developed city, and in a perfectly fair world it would be Bukhara turning to her stronger neighbour for help. However, this also provides us with the perfect opportunity to strengthen our ties with the Samarkand, and to cut down their independence somewhat. After all, we are still technically nothing more than the 'protectors' of Samarkand, and our support now would go a long way towards shifting that relationship to something more committed.
I suppose we will try our best!
The Atalyk Demands Action
As tensions rise in Central Asia, especially between our nation and the bandit fiefdom of the trumped up tramp Madamin Bek, more and more voices have begun clamouring for a committed push by our government to properly equip and prepare a fighting force which could hold its own against Turkestani, Persian, or Afghani prodding. The foremost voice in this camp has been the Atalyk, who has pushed hard for reforms to our militias, army, and quartermasters.\n\nOf course, most of these proposed changes just so happen to place more power into the hands of the Atalyk and his allies, but he is not alone in his sense of urgency and low opinion of our current prospects. The Russians have also begun prodding the Emir, hoping that with tensions rising in the west, they can devote less attention to our region by relying more on a capable autonomous Bukharan military. While there is little friendship or coordination between the Russians and Atalyk, their voices combined have begun to put considerable pressure on the Emir and his Kushbeggi.
I suppose we will try our best!
The Reformists Demand Reform
Reformists Commend our Reforms
The Communal Council, the democratic body of advisors to the Emir formed in the April Reforms, is, broadly speaking, a declawed political body. Already extremely limited in their powers by the Emir's amendments to the reforms, the death of their tireless leader Mirzo Abdulvahid Munzim marked the end of their relevance, as the Emir took advantage of the power vacuum to bar the formation of a new body - placing ever increasing control over the state in the hands of the illiberal Atalyk. While they are no longer formal members of the government administration, however, the former councillors are prominent political figures who together form the informal reformist faction of the bureaucracy, and the loose political alliance / secret society, the Young Bukharans.\n\nWhat the reformists lack in actual political clout, they make up in their vast array of connections throughout our populace and administration. They have begun ramping up their efforts to force through serious institutional reform by exerting pressure through criticism, carefully framed to get past our censors, disseminated widely through their newspapers and by word of mouth. While we can always just ignore these gadflies, it is clear that they expect action from us, and will be disappointed if we simply sit on our hands.
The Communal Council, the democratic body of advisors to the Emir formed in the April Reforms, is, broadly speaking, a declawed political body. Already extremely limited in their powers by the Emir's amendments to the reforms, the death of their tireless leader Mirzo Abdulvahid Munzim marked the end of their relevance, as the Emir took advantage of the power vacuum to bar the formation of a new body - placing ever increasing control over the state in the hands of the illiberal Atalyk. While they are no longer formal members of the government administration, however, the former councillors are prominent political figures who together form the informal reformist faction of the bureaucracy, and the loose political alliance / secret society, the Young Bukharans.\n\nWhile these reformists rarely congratulate our government, our recent efforts to reform the central bureaucracy of the Emirate has caught the eye of many of the leading figures in their movement. The liberal news media, often marked by its double-speak, where criticisms are hidden behind glowing words of support for the Emir, has genuinely expressed their interest and support for the recent efforts to overhaul and streamline the bloated bureaucracy.
Try not to ignore them.
Nice!
Miller Meets with Mansurov
As much as the Emir likes to imagine that his advisor Aleksandr Miller is his loyal subordinate, the truth is that he has little actual control over the Russian agent at the heart of Moscow's informal control over the Emirate. Over his prolific career as Russia's man in Bukhara, Miller has proven himself an incredibly savvy politician, making himself irreplaceable for the Russian President and Bukharan Emir alike. More than anything else, Miller is pragmatic - he supported Bukharan neutrality at the height of the Civil War, quashed tentative Russian plans to dethrone the Emir in the immediate aftermath of the Tashkent Crisis, and helped to shepherd the autonomist wing of the Young Bukharan society through the rising nationalist spirit of the last decade.\n\nIt was this last role which now propels Miller into the home of wealthy Bukharan progressive leader Muhiddin Mansurov, a leading figure within the Young Bukharan movement. Miller is no stranger to backroom deals with the democratic opposition in the city, it was his negotiations with them throughout the Civil War which averted a Republican revolution, and he worked closely with liberal figures to draft the reforms he proposed in the aftermath. While officially their rendezvous is nothing more than a social visit between two of Bukhara's most influential men, rumours have begun swirling about the clandestine topics of their dinner conversation. The leading story is that Mansurov invited Miller into his home for the strict purpose of convincing him that the Emir is holding Bukhara back from being a productive and efficient ally of Russia, and that a republic led by the Young Bukharans would better serve the interests of Moscow should they be allowed to take power. Supposedly, Mansurov even laid out a potential plan wherein his allies could isolate and eliminate the Emir's most rabid anti-Russian allies so long as they had assistance and assurances from Moscow.\n\nThese rumours end unanimously with the claim that Miller responded to these plans by...
...storming out angrily.
...listening intently.
Poor Quality Uniforms
In many ways, the prestige of a kingdom is its most valuable currency. When the trappings of the monarchy are lacking, it is only a matter of time before subjects start to question the righteousness of their station. Nowhere is this more important than in the ranks of the Emirate's armies, whose soldiers are dressed in a motley hodge-podge of uniforms. In the past few years, attempts have been made to unify the dress of our soldiers, but each attempt has been stymied by syphoned resources and mixed priorities.\n\nA recent parade, meant to celebrate the anniversary of our wonderful Emir's birthday and rise to his position as ruler of Bukhara, ended in embarrassment, as we were unable to find suitably well-dressed men to supplement the ranks, leaving the parade a display of our failures. This disaster has once again brought this issue to the forefront among a number of our military leaders, who have requested that we pursue a concerted effort to produce a single universal Bukharan uniform of acceptable quality, at least for those men expected to march in annual holiday parades!
Replace these rags!
Looks are not everything...
Merchants Beset by Bandits
While the cities of Bukhara and Samarkand are well-guarded by local militias and the Emir's soldiers, the Emirate's countryside remains a mostly lawless land. Local tribes do their best to maintain peace among their own, but no one polices the trading roads which serve as the foundation of our economy. While our patchwork of governors and tribal leaders have managed to keep the wheels of commerce spinning, albeit slowly, some merchant families have come directly to the Ark, seeking our help. According to them, gangs of bandits have secured control over the southern passes between Qarshi and Samarkand, strangling trade in the region. While our forces would be more than able to secure these passes, we would have to pull away our men from other posts, potentially leaving us vulnerable elsewhere. After all, why should we bankroll the guards for merchant caravans, when they could just as easily pay themselves?
Supply arms for these caravans.
They can hire their own protection!
Surviving the Samarkand Crisis
While the reports detail an “insurgency action” against Basmachi rebels, and the newspapers and officials loudly proclaim that our triumph over these backwater tribesmen was “inevitable” and that they “crumbled as easily as they were swayed by the devil,” the truth is that many in the capital are breathing deep sighs of relief. Victory against Turkestan, Khiva, the Kazakhs, and our own rebellious citizens was far from assured. The conflict pushed our military and government to their absolute limits, threatening to undo any and all of the reforms we made in the last couple of years. The unfortunate truth is that we must thank the Russians for our deliverance - it was their overwhelming military force which crushed our enemies and saved our nation. The truth is harder to swallow than convenient lies, however, and even now town criers and city newspapers tell grandiose tales of Bukharan bravery on the battlefield.
Once again, we've weathered the storm!
Game Pieces in the Great Game
A century ago, the steppes of Central Asia were a part of the Great Game played between the great powers of Britain and Russia, who diplomatically duelled over control of the regions between the Russian heartland and British India for decades. The legacy was seen even into the maelstrom of the Civil War, where British soldiers intervened to defend White Ashgabat, laying the groundwork for its return to Iranian control. While the Great Game is all but over (as one of the players withdrew), the Great Powers control to hold the reins over our homeland. Even today, our realm is little more than one of many pieces on Moscow's game board, and we must bend to the will and whims of our puppet masters. Russia may have saved our realm from Turkestani and Khivan aggression, but the question remains as to what the next step may be. While we are hopeful that Moscow will choose to grant control of the newly pacified territories to us as a responsible partner, the air is thick with rumours that, burnt by repeated native disloyalty, the Russians are preparing to annex the entire region. Were they to move forward with such a betrayal, there is little we could do to resist them, with our forces entirely exhausted by the recent conflict and  their sweeping control over our administration.\n\nHowever, we have one trick up our sleeve to help sway the military and political leaders of Russia to our cause. We could attempt to whip up support among the resident military advisors and business leaders in Bukhara, sending them north to make a case for a new, Bukharan led, chapter in Central Asian history. If these leaders are pleased with our governance and content with the efficiency of a ‘native led' Central Asian state, they may be able to convince the Russians that we should be granted dominion over the region. However, if the local agents of Russian control are displeased with our governance, we will have no control over the decisions made in Moscow, decisions which will have sweeping effects on our realm.
Use our Russian allies to lobby Moscow!
We will trust Moscow to make the right decisions.
Unfortunately, we have no choice but to trust Moscow...
Dealing with Central Asia
Now that we have secured control over much of Central Asia, the question remains as to what we should do with these territories, as well as our erstwhile Bukharan client state in the south. Traditionally, we ruled Central Asia through a mixture of direct military governments (in Transcaspia and Russian Turkestan) and client kingdoms (in Khiva and Bukhara), a convoluted system which often proved more trouble than it was worth. In recent years, our puppet allies have proven themselves to be dubiously loyal and questionably competent, leading many to promote a more hands on approach to administering this rebellious region. However, others have advocated stridently for the creation of a unified and ‘independent' Turkic state in the region, claiming that it was the division of the region which allowed for rebellion to fester, and cautioning that the costs of administering Central Asia would far outweigh any gains we could glean from direct control of the region. With information about the region, the disposition of our allies, and the efficiency of our administration murky, we have come to rely heavily on the advice of the Emirate's Russian advisors, who have debriefed us on the various goings-on in the capital, along with many wanted (and unwanted) recommendations about how to proceed.\n\nHowever, our men on the ground have been mixed in their recommendations, with many promoting the Emir as a close ally of our regime, others advocating for the creation of a new, Republican, government to unify the region, while others still clamour for the annexation of the Emirate in our lands proper and the reorganisation of Central Asia into a manageable Russian realm. The maintenance of the Emir as a figurehead leader of a new Central Asian realm would likely go a long way towards keeping the peace in the region, and the protection of an Islamic monarchy could prove to be a valuable propaganda piece if we wish to court some Middle Eastern leaders. On the other hand, the Emir has proven himself to be an obstruction to the modernization of his realm, and there is significant public demand for a native-led republican government, especially among the Turkic intelligentsia. Of course, the simplest course would be to simply annex the lands so that their administration can be approached holistically. Then again, taking this course would likely provoke the ire of the native population. Without a clear direction from the experts in Bukhara, it is truly the government's choice to make.
Now that we have secured control over much of Central Asia, the question remains as to what we should do with these territories, as well as our erstwhile Bukharan client state in the south. Traditionally, we ruled Central Asia through a mixture of direct military governments (in Transcaspia and Russian Turkestan) and client kingdoms (in Khiva and Bukhara), a convoluted system which often proved more trouble than it was worth. In recent years, our puppet allies have proven themselves to be dubiously loyal and questionably competent, leading many to promote a more hands on approach to administering this rebellious region. However, others have advocated stridently for the creation of a unified and ‘independent' Turkic state in the region, claiming that it was the division of the region which allowed for rebellion to fester, and cautioning that the costs of administering Central Asia would far outweigh any gains we could glean from direct control of the region. With information about the region, the disposition of our allies, and the efficiency of our administration murky, we have come to rely heavily on the advice of the Emirate's Russian advisors, who have debriefed us on the various goings-on in the capital, along with many wanted (and unwanted) recommendations about how to proceed.\n\nOur men on the ground have proven themselves to be strong proponents of some form of native rule in Turkestan, cautioning heavily against the dangers that annexation would prove to our national unity and the cost it would inflict in blood and bullion. However, past that point they are divided. While many of our agents in Bukhara have forged close ties with the Emir and his allies in the last decades, there is an equally large camp who have instead gravitated to the reform minded bureaucrats of the Emirate who have long conspired to implement a modern republican government in the region. These two positions have been muddled by a great number of our administrators who are wholly apathetic to the future government of the region. They argue that neither a republic or the Emirate is the pragmatic no-brainer: the maintenance of the Emir as a figurehead leader of a new Central Asian realm would likely go a long way towards keeping the peace in the region, and the protection of an Islamic monarchy could prove to be a valuable propaganda piece if we wish to court some Middle Eastern leaders. On the other hand, the Emir has proven himself to be an obstruction to the modernization of his realm, and there is significant public demand for a native-led republican government, especially among the Turkic intelligentsia. With these competing paths in mind, the majority of our agents direct us to simply promote a government in the region which plays best to our allies and benefactors on the homefront, or which is most in line with our ideological inclinations.
Now that we have secured control over much of Central Asia, the question remains as to what we should do with these territories, as well as our erstwhile Bukharan client state in the south. Traditionally, we ruled Central Asia through a mixture of direct military governments (in Transcaspia and Russian Turkestan) and client kingdoms (in Khiva and Bukhara), a convoluted system which often proved more trouble than it was worth. In recent years, our puppet allies have proven themselves to be dubiously loyal and questionably competent, leading many to promote a more hands on approach to administering this rebellious region. However, others have advocated stridently for the creation of a unified and ‘independent' Turkic state in the region, claiming that it was the division of the region which allowed for rebellion to fester, and cautioning that the costs of administering Central Asia would far outweigh any gains we could glean from direct control of the region. With information about the region, the disposition of our allies, and the efficiency of our administration murky, we have come to rely heavily on the advice of the Emirate's Russian advisors, who have debriefed us on the various goings-on in the capital, along with many wanted (and unwanted) recommendations about how to proceed.\n\nOur men on the ground have proven themselves to be strong proponents of some form of native rule in Turkestan, cautioning heavily against the dangers that annexation would prove to our national unity and the cost it would inflict in blood and bullion. Our agents have had great success in their integration with the native government, and they are confident that, with their help and expertise, we could forge a strong and loyal Central Asian government to protect our interests in the region, as well as our southern flank. Most notably, our agents have forged close ties with the reform minded bureaucrats of Bukhara, who have long conspired to implement a modern republican government in the region. Our leading agent in the realm, Aleksandr Miller, has since laid out a detailed and concrete plan to dispose of the Emir, secure the region, and create a new allied native regime. With our agents near unanimous in their support for the creation of a new republic in our sphere of influence, it would be ill advised to ignore them.
Now that we have secured control over much of Central Asia, the question remains as to what we should do with these territories, as well as our erstwhile Bukharan client state in the south. Traditionally, we ruled Central Asia through a mixture of direct military governments (in Transcaspia and Russian Turkestan) and client kingdoms (in Khiva and Bukhara), a convoluted system which often proved more trouble than it was worth. In recent years, our puppet allies have proven themselves to be dubiously loyal and questionably competent, leading many to promote a more hands on approach to administering this rebellious region. However, others have advocated stridently for the creation of a unified and ‘independent' Turkic state in the region, claiming that it was the division of the region which allowed for rebellion to fester, and cautioning that the costs of administering Central Asia would far outweigh any gains we could glean from direct control of the region. With information about the region, the disposition of our allies, and the efficiency of our administration murky, we have come to rely heavily on the advice of the Emirate's Russian advisors, who have debriefed us on the various goings-on in the capital, along with many wanted (and unwanted) recommendations about how to proceed.\n\nOur men on the ground have proven themselves to be strong proponents of some form of native rule in Turkestan, cautioning heavily against the dangers that annexation would prove to our national unity and the cost it would inflict in blood and bullion. Our agents have had great success in their integration with the native government, and they are confident that, with their help and expertise, we could forge a strong and loyal Central Asian government to protect our interests in the region, as well as our southern flank. Most notably, our agents have forged close ties with the Emir and his inner circle, and they have pushed him forward as the lynchpin of own continued control of the region. Regardless of our position in regards to monarchical power, the fact remains that the Emir is Moscow's closest friend in Bukhara, and he would be an invaluable asset. With our agents near unanimous in their support for the expansion of the Emirate across the region to buttress our sphere of influence, it would be ill advised to ignore them.
This is too much work - annex them!
Grant them dominion over the region, and retain the Emir
Forge a new Central Asian republic in our sphere!
The Uneasy Silence
An uneasy silence hangs over the court in Bukhara. Rumours of Russian deliberations about the future of Central Asia started optimistic, with whispered promises of Bukharan dominion over the whole of Central Asia as Russia's loyal ally, and fervent discussions surrounding demarcations both geographic and administrative. However, as the days rolled on, the whispers and rumours from Moscow slowed to a trickle, and the Russians within our administration grew increasingly silent, hovering in small groups, discussing fervently in the corners, and going silent in the presence of our own agents and administrators. One does not need to be a genius to figure out what is occurring - from the first days of our victory there have been warning signs that, despite our loyalty, the Russians have decided that the whole of Central Asia would need to be ruled as a part of Russia proper. The recent changes in the air have all but confirmed our worst fears, and the growing number of Russian soldiers flowing into our realm “for the maintenance of the peace and the elimination of the lingering Basmachi insurgents” betray the violent aims of Moscow.Increasingly isolated, the Emir has little choice but to acquiesce to Moscow's whims - and with the recent receipt of a letter requesting his presence in the Russian capital, it appears his time in the Ark has run its course.
The Emir boards a train north with a heavy heart.
Russia Grants us Dominion
Jubilation in the Ark! Gatherings in the street! Our grand realm has been granted dominion over the whole of Central Asia, as loyal allies of the great Russian nation. A century of service has finally borne the fruits of power. The great minds of Moscow finally realised our importance as a guardian of the south and as a steward of the numerous Muslim tribes of Central Asia. The Russian military has already begun the process of handing over administration of the various occupied regions, as units are called elsewhere. Of course, we will need to rapidly expand our bureaucracy and military to secure these new lands, and we will continue to rely on the Russians for stability and support, meaning that there is little impetus to push any of the Muscovites out - after all, every Russian soldier manning a post is one less Bukharan! Regardless, the future for our lands is bright, and the Emir has already prepared a parade to celebrate this new chapter of Bukharan history!
Fantastic!
The Grand Parade
The Emir, coloured in part by his time in St. Petersburg, is a fan of elegant and extravagant displays of the Emirate's military prowess. Though his dreams of grand parades often fall flat in the face of Bukharan poverty and military corruption, he has still managed to breed a nascent ‘parade culture' within the Emirate. Today, such progress was put on full display, as the Bukharan army units, veterans of countless battles across Central Asia, marched through the city like consummate professionals. Of course, this illusion of tranquillity was broken when a bystander began agitating for some form of civilian protest - but calm was restored quickly with his untimely demise at the hands of a proud Bukharan dragoon's steed. With the dust settling, it appears the time has come for the Emir to forge a new nation - an Emirate of all Turkestan! There will doubtless be setbacks and challenges in the coming years, but the Emir has learned one thing from wrangling the Bukharan army into parade form - there is no replacement for perseverance.
A new sun shines on Central Asia!
Moscow Requests the Emir's Presence
Jubilation in the Ark! Gatherings in the street! Our grand realm has been granted dominion over the whole of Central Asia, as loyal allies of the great Russian nation. A century of service has finally borne the fruits of power. The great minds of Moscow finally realised our importance as a guardian of the south and as a steward of the numerous Muslim tribes of Central Asia. The Russian military has already begun the process of handing over administration of the various occupied regions, as units are called elsewhere. Of course, we will need to rapidly expand our bureaucracy and military to secure these new lands, and we will continue to rely on the Russians for stability and support, meaning that there is little impetus to push any of the Muscovites out - after all, every Russian soldier manning a post is one less Bukharan! The Russians have requested Emir Alim Khan to join them in Moscow to celebrate this new chapter, and to further discuss future Russian military planning as we together turn towards the German dogs who helped to fund the Turkestani and Khivan rebels. The Emir has excitedly gathered his family and a number of leading officials to join him in this grand tour of Bukhara's greatest ally.
The Emir boards a train north, excited for the future!
The [GetMonth] Putsch
A coup is made considerably easier for every loyal or motivated man on the inside of a government: they ease transitions, lend legitimacy and credibility to new figures, and isolate and confuse those who would be most detrimental to the success of the plotters. In the case of Bukhara, just about every man remaining on the inside was at least amenable to the Russian plot to overthrow the Emir and install a new caretaker republican government. When the order was given, Russian soldiers and some key native military officers stormed the Ark looking to capture Ibrahim Bek. The wild Uzbek chieftain did not intend to go quietly, and a brief and violent confrontation within the fortress claimed the lives of about thirty men, Ibrahim included. Immediately the plotters moved to install a new government, pulling Jadid leaders, moderate military figures, and minor nobles into the fortress. The Emir had betrayed the realm to Germany, they were informed, and was going to be placed under house arrest upon his arrival in Moscow. Bukhara, and Central Asia as a whole, would be reformed into a new republic, to avoid the dangers of a disloyal Emir from ever again selling our lands to foreign rulers.\n\nThe Russians have scrambled to find figures willing to take part in a new government. While the majority of the bureaucracy cares little for the nuances of politics, it is considerably more difficult to find a figure willing to be a figurehead for this new regime. Many are wary that the public's opinion will be stridently against a new president, while others are philosophically opposed to the idea of leading any sort of ‘puppet' administration. However, with the aid of some loyal ideologues and after a mixture of threats and promises, the increasingly worried Russian agents were able to convince eminent Jadid leader Mahmudkhodja Behbudiy to take up the republican mantle as a new caretaker president. With his (tepid) support, the new republican future seems bright.
Cut out deadwood to make way for a bright future!
Our New Regime in Turkestan
After some preparation, we have been incredibly successful in our mission to depose the Emir and replace him with a Republican government. Any large-scale resistance against our manoeuvres died with the Uzbek chief Ibrahim Bek, who fought to the end against the forces we sent to subdue him. Most factions and forces within the old Emirate have pledged themselves to our new allied government under the caretaker leadership of the well regarded Jadid progressive Mahmudkhodja Behbudiy. While Behbudiy is free-spirited and unlikely to fully bend to our directives, he will have to rely on our agents to support his regime, and his goal of modernising the region broadly aligns with our own. If he proves to be too slippery, we could simply call for elections in the new Republic of Turkestan to bring a new, more pliable native into power. As it stands, we have gained a valuable buffer state and erstwhile ally in the south, with precious little expenditure of resources and rubles on our part. Of course, only time will tell whether this puppet state proves to be more trouble than it is worth, but in the meantime we should simply reap the rewards of a coup-well-plotted.
Towards a more reasonable future in Central Asia!
The Uncomfortable Diarchy
The weeks following the establishment of our new republican government have been both stormy and exciting. Various ancient laws have been stripped from the books, oppositional officials purged, and a fresh air of reform hangs in the air. The Young Bukharan Party, since renamed to the Young Turkestan Party, has secured their grip on the various rungs of government, with Mahmudkhodja Behbudiy acting as a wary mediator between the various factions of the liberal movement, many who would rather see this new republic free of Russian influence. The Russians themselves, however, have made exceptional progress in their goals to leverage control over the republic, fostering support in a small band of radical republican reformists, who see Moscow as a model of modernism which Turkestan would do well to replicate. Abdurauf Fitrat, in part coloured by his experiences with the Ottoman Young Turk movement, has become a lighthouse for those feeling that Behbudiy and the Jadid old guard are too moderate, and a number of young proteges have found themselves rapidly elevated by tacit Russian support, securing several cabinet positions and vital bureaucratic positions for this new clique of new nationalists. Of course, the progressive and moderate Jadids have pushed back against this new galvanised movement, claiming that they represent Russian imperial intervention into the republic's governance. As various posts are filled by Russian agents with ‘ideologically loyal' natives, a government within the government has grown stronger and stronger - creating a diarchy between Russian backed junior officers and the various old-guard idealists they nominally report to. To their credit, these two factions are united by many of their goals and their shared experiences fighting against the oppression of the Emir, leading to many opportunities for genteel ideological debate and bipartisan reform efforts.
Daggers in the shadows, but smiles in the halls.
Rise of the Republic!
The weeks since the establishment of our new republican government have been incredibly exciting. Various ancient laws have been stripped from the books, oppositional officials have been purged, and a fresh air of reform hangs in the air. The Young Bukharan Party, since renamed to the Young Turkestan Party, has secured their grip on the various rungs of government, and Mahmudkhodja Behbudiy has availed himself as a stalwart mediator between the various factions of the liberal movement, many who would rather see this new republic free of Russian influence. Many of the Jadids who availed themselves to the Emir's rule, hoping to enact reform under his thumb, have found themselves in a tricky situation, as their more radical brethren leverage their anti-monarchical chops. Behbudiy has increasingly found himself as the defender of these ‘old guard' liberals, while more radical factions have coalesced under the leadership of famed progressive leader Abdurauf Fitrat. While some worry that these growing pains are the precursors to dangerous factional division within the Young Turkestanis, most recognize that there are enough compromise focused figures, Behbudiy and Fitrat included, that the Party will remain united in the coming years. With their new grip tightening on the organs of government, the Young Turkestan Party drafts grand plans to revolutionise the future of Central Asia.
Three cheers for the republic!
The Transcaspian Question
With the rise of a new protectorate in our south, one divisive question has sprung up: that of the Transcaspian Gubernia. In 1929 Khiva de-facto seized the territory from us, and one must admit that this was a popular move among the local peoples there. Perhaps it would be more wise to legalise this separation of the Transcaspian Gubernia, granting it to [BUK.GetNameDef].
They deserve it.
It shall remain Russian.
Trouble with the Smallholders
While the vast majority of the plantations and farmland in our realm are owned by a select group of wealthy landowners, there are a number of Muslim farmers who are struggling to survive in the face of competition from merchant elites and Russian companies. While the line may be going up on the charts of the big farmers and their friends within the Emir's administration, for many farmers they are one poor harvest or one price drop away from losing control of their land to foreign lenders or losing whatever meager savings they have accrued. These farmers have recently begun to coordinate with one another in to pool their resources and bail each other out from debt, a project largely supported by the small agrarian socialist wing of the Young Bukharan party. Our friends from the plantations have asked us to intervene before this new movement gets out of hand - after all, these smallholders are associating with socialist radicals and using communal practices to undercut our allies. Insiders within the court assure us that arresting a ring-leader on charges of corruption would quickly bring the others to heel. However, these plucky Muslim farmers are some of the last vestiges of our realm untouched by Moscow's grip, and we should think twice before sacrificing them to keep our friends happy.
Nip these communists in the bud
Leave these farmers be
Issues with the Officers
While there are some tiny vestiges of Ottoman and British influence in our military, it is most heavily influenced by our Russian partners, who have left their deepest mark on the standing army units which are increasingly the pride of the Emir. On the other hand, the irregular tribal forces which have formed the foundation of our military since the Civil War are deep within the domain of Ibrahim Bek, a rabid anti-Russian traditionalist who has firmly prevented any real influence from Moscow in these forces. With Ibrahim Bek's newly elevated role as the Atalyk of the Emirate, he has attempted to wrestle control of the Lashkarya standing army units away from Russian observers and trainers, to little success. However, the recent decision to parade these units has become yet another battleground for these two competing camps within the Bukharan military apparatus, leaving the Russian-leaning Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji to once again attempt to convince the Emir to rein in his favourite attack dog. Ibrahim Bek has demanded that no Russian national should march in the coming parade, nor should any Russians be seated anywhere near the Emir as he watches this display of national power. Of course, the Kushbeggi has cautioned that such an action would be a serious snub against our closest allies, and that additionally there may be trouble divesting our less competent units from their trained Russian officers - after all, we do not want anyone to start marching in the wrong direction.
Keep the Russian advisors and guests in the mix
This is a celebration of Bukharan might, not Russian control!
Atalyk Alleges Corruption
As far as the Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji is concerned, even a broken clock is right twice a day. While he shares little in common with Atalyk Ibrahim Bek, even he agrees that significant elements of the royal court are incredibly corrupt. Of course, his own friends and family who have become outrageously wealthy since his elevation as Kushbeggi are just lucky - there is no way that the Emir's most trusted advisor could be corrupt.\n\nMuch to Urganji's relief, Ibrahim Bek has recently focused his attention squarely upon the loose alliance of reform minded bureaucrats and their benefactors among the Young Bukharan movement, merchants, and Russians. The Kushbeggi will need to make a decision: opening the door for Ibrahim Bek to run amok in the balance sheets and personal coffers of the reformists may sate the Atalyk's thirst for blood and justice, and could save those close to him from similar focus.\n\nHowever, once the door is open, it is unlikely that Ibrahim Bek will be satisfied to root out only a few sticky-fingered bureaucrats. It may be a better idea to simply demand that the Kushbeggi and his office take control of these most recent investigations into corruption, allowing Urganji to keep the accusations relatively contained.
Allow Ibrahim Bek to run wild.
Keep this limited and contained.
Issues of Bureaucratic Sovereignty
Our commitment to approach the recent economic disaster with the help of the Russians has led to anger from an unexpected place - the reformists. On the subject of Russian interference and aid to our state, it is typical for the Atalyk Ibrahim Bek to bemoan our realm's repeated kowtowing to Moscow's demands, but whenever he does it is the liberal elites who are the loudest voice against him. In this case, the Atalyk is silent, pouting that we have ignored the army in favour of saving the economy, while the liberals gripe about the dangers of technocratic influence in the state. Of course, if one reads between the lines it becomes clear that this is little more than a smoke screen to legitimize the personal grievances of a cadre of native 'economists' who believe that their vacations studying in Berlin, Petrograd, and Istanbul give them the right to dictate the recovery of the realm. Of course, we could mollify these voices by granting a few of the more palatable examples to audiences with our Russian experts and forcing them to accept some suggestions from long standing members of the court, though this would likely be seen as an insult by those currently working to right the ship of state.
Force them to hear out our economists
Ignore these groaners and let the Russians work!
Flight of the Barons
In the wake of the recent economic collapse, some of even the most insulated and loyal Russian plantation owners are leaving the Emirate to seek their fortunes back in the mother country. According to some of our informants, the grumbling actually began before the recent downturn, as more and more capitalists saw their days numbered with the rising star of Atalyk Ibrahim Bek, who has long and loudly called for the 'death of all heathen foreign devils' and the 'destruction of the godless cotton fields.'\n\nWhile obviously Ibrahim Bek does not rule Bukhara, he has increasingly captured the Emir's attention, leaving many Russians wondering when their time in Bukhara may be cut short. Of course, the vast majority of the large landowners have stayed, and our loyal Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji has made a circuit of the major plantations, assuring these loyal entrepreneurs that we remain committed to their prosperity and well being, especially when we are in desperate need of their cash.
We are sorry to see them go.
Grumbling Among the Officers
We have recently received a petition from several of our senior officers, requesting that we award their subordinates with the sweeping medals and citations we promised them only a month earlier. These promotions were offered as a consolation for snubbing some of the old windbags, and it appears that many staked their reputation with the junior soldiery on the awards and cash prizes to come. Do they not see that we are in the midst of economic ruin? It is the fault of the officer who makes grand promises of treasure and glory to his junior officers, not that of the state, when these promises do not come true. These parade generals will need to swallow their pride, a dubious prospect at best. Instead, it is likely that they will poison the ears of the rank and file and complain to Ibrahim Bek, whose hatred of the Kushbeggi and the financial officers is fertile ground for the sad tales of the old windbags. Regardless, there is literally nothing we can do, short of hamstringing our recovery from ruin in favour of stoking these egos.
They will just have to swallow their pride
[GetMonth]'s Quartermaster Report
Our recent reexamination of our preparedness for an armed conflict against our neighbours has determined that we are woefully unready to engage in an open war. Many stockpiles, listed in dusty tomes and marked on maps, lie empty, aside from the weapons held by guards patrolling a fictitious arsenal. Those units who are armed often present a motley visage, with mismatched uniforms and armaments, some wielding modern surplus weaponry while others are stuck using matchlock rifles and crude spears.\n\nTo counteract these shortfalls, officers and quartermasters alike have demanded a new infusion of cash to purchase foreign surplus rifles to better bring our soldiers up to speed. Unfortunately, most of these officers and quartermasters are incredibly corrupt, and there are questions whether a significant portion of any bags of money given to them will make it to gun markets, or whether any crates of guns will actually find their way into the hands of our warriors or to fill stockpiles.
Give these officers what they need.
We simply cannot afford it.
Meet with the Eastern Chiefs
The Lokai are the third largest tribe of Uzbeks in eastern Bukhara, a collection of small family clans which have relentlessly fought to secure a position of power and prominence in the Emirate. On the way, they managed to make enemies of their neighbours and the late Emir, developing a reputation as reckless and wild troublemakers who would do anything to increase their power and secure their position. For a brief moment, it appeared that the Emir would move to crush the Lokai and put down these troublemakers, but the violence of the Russian Civil War made the fiercely fundamentalist Lokai tribesmen a much sought after commodity.\n\nIn the years following, the Lokai chieftain found the ear of the young Emir, becoming a leading advisor and military figure before recently being elevated into the position of Atalyk of the Emirate, potentially the highest office in the realm. Since then, the Lokai clans have run wild over their neighbours, pushing the boundaries of tradition and ignoring unfavourable rulings from local Qazis. The aggrieved tribal leaders have trickled into the capital, seeking the ear of the Kushbeggi and the Emir to settle a number of their more minor complaints. They have gathered together, promising significant contributions from their brethren to the national cause should the Emir lease his dog, but his majesty is in no rush to chastise Ibrahim Bek, and it would take serious prodding from the Kushbeggi and others to force him to hear out these beleaguered elders.
The support of the minor tribes is too valuable
The enemy of my friend is my enemy
Handling the 'Miller Qazis'
Traditionally, the power to grant seals of office is a significant boon, one which gives said organ of government sweeping control over the makeup of the office. In the case of the Qazis, the magistrates or judges of our nation's sharia courts, who also serve as mediators, guardians of orphans, teachers, and supervisors of public works, the seals of office were traditionally granted by the Emir himself, through his ministers and with the guidance of the Ulemma. Aleksandr Miller's reforms, brought into the realm through the April Manifesto, called for a fundamental reform of the Qazi system, allowing some Qazi judges to be elected by local councils, and granted the Communal Majlis the right to distribute the seals of office to these elected judges.\n\nWith the de-facto shuttering of the Majlis following the death of Mirzo Abdulvahid Munzim, the practice of electing Qazis has all but ceased, as there is no body to distribute these figures' seals. Regardless, there are still a number of currently practising judges who were elected in the early days of the reforms, who often interpret fiqh in a more liberal light than the conservative Ulemma, often invoking tribal law, sufi mysticism, and local practices when crafting their judgments. The Ulemma has pushed hard for us to revoke the seals of a number of the most heterodox Qazi judges, though there is little legal precedent to do so.
They are dangerous heretics.
They have served us reasonably.
Shuffling the Parvanchi and Toqsababashi?
The Parvanchi (Master of Ceremonies) and Toqsababashi (Chief of the Standard) are some of the lesser officers appointed by the Emir to serve in his court, mainly concerned over minor business of tapestry, pomp, and circumstance. In recent years the positions have more or less been 'sold' to wealthy benefactors of the crown, with the most recent pair being a couple of prominent Uzbek merchants who have used their newfound positions, bought with opulent gifts to the Emir, as a means of rewarding their business partners in the textile trade. While their corruption is self-evident, these men have friends throughout the Emirate, among the bureaucrats, nobility, and especially the now silent Majlis, where many of their fellow merchants clamor for the dismantlement of our divine absolutism. Eliminating them may prove unpopular, but the Emir could be easily convinced of the benefits once he sees what they cost the coffers each year.
Rid ourselves of these corrupt parasites
They have too many allies!
Removing the Mir Akhor and Qaraulbegi?
The Mir Akhor, or Master of the Horse, is a position of great honor in the Emirate, even as modern times call into question the modern role of the most noble of creatures in warfare. The modern role has been modelled in part after that of the Russian Konyushy, with similar responsibilities over the Emir's stables and the breeding of military steeds. The central treasury awards this position with significant sums of gold to purchase and outfit the Emir's horse with harnesses, horse armour, and to procure breeding studs, meaning that the role has become lucrative as well as honorable for more unscrupulous appointees. The current Mir Akhor is a former Beylik from one of the eastern Uzbek tribes, well respected by the traditionalists and the Emir, but uncontestedly unfit for his role. Under his tenure, the stables have fallen into disrepair, leading to the Kushbeggi to move for his replacement.\n\nThe Qaraulbegi, on the other hand, is quite competent, but unfortunately close with the Atalyk Ibrahim Bek. While the Kushbeggi may personally desire his removal, there is little evidence to bring to the Emir of his incompetence, and little chance that Alim Khan would risk upsetting his courtly favourite to remove him.
Cast out this ancient Mir Akhor!
The traditionalists would be furious...
Replacing the Mirzabashi?
The Mirzabashi, or Chief Secretary, is a vital element of our day to day governance. With their hand in all levels of government, and coordination with the various Ministers, the Russian Agent Aleksandr Miller, and even the Atalyk, the Mirzabashi has a unique position to affect government policy. While our current Mirzabashi is certainly effective, he is increasingly seen as a pawn of Aleksandr Miller and his team of Russian advisors, who are worryingly involved in the maintenance of our administration. Some of our spies have seen him meeting with the Russians outside of the bounds of the Ark, potentially scheming for the removal of the Emir or his most loyal Kushbeggi, and his replacement with a more pliable figure to Moscow. Already, Miller has moved to remove Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji in the years following the conclusion of the Russian Civil War, and there is no love lost between the two men. By creating some creative proof of the Mirzabashi's involvement in a conspiracy, and then disseminating this evidence to the Emir, we would be justified in removing him, but it is likely that the Russians themselves would see through this ruse, potentially spoiling whatever working relationship we have built with them.
Remove this Muscovite puppet!
We cannot afford to upset our Russian guests
Uncovering the Atalyk's Conspiracy
Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji is no friend to liberalism, socialism, progressivism, or any '-isms' really. He is much more focused on piety, tradition, and the maintenance of virtue. Of course, it was not his extensive knowledge of dogma which saw him appointed by the Emir as his chief minister in 1917, it was his palatability to the Russians and his supposed lethargy which carried him up the ladder. In the decades following his elevation, Urganji has spent the majority of his life fighting against the forces of reform and radicalism, repeatedly outmanoeuvring the Communal Majlis to thwart their attempts to change the fundamental foundations of our Emirate.\n\nEven still, strange times make for strange bedfellows, and the dramatic rise of the violent and zealous Uzbek tribesman Ibrahim Bek to the nebulously powerful role of Atalyk has threatened to destroy Urganji's carefully crafted and tenuously balanced machine of state. Instead of declawing the Majlis and pitting the factional left against one-another, Ibrahim Bek has 'solved' the democratic problem with extreme violence and a complete disregard for the realm's tradition, forcing the once rudderless and squabbling reformists to close ranks and steel their resolve against the Emir's right hand.\n\nAs the democratic opposition has radicalised, so too has the Atalyk. In fact, the Kushbeggi has recently uncovered a plot by Ibrahim Bek to provoke a 'contained' revolution in the capital to justify a sweeping purge of the Young Bukharans and their allies. This plan is wildly dangerous - what if the revolutionaries get out of hand? What will Ibrahim Bek do once the streets of Bukhara run red with blood? The Kushbeggi will have to decide where he stands: he could gather the liberal opposition together and present a comprehensive case against the Atalyk to the Emir, detailing Ibrahim Bek's dangerous attitude and multitudinous overreach and demanding that he be stripped of some of his more sweeping informal powers. Of course, he could instead try his hand at joining the Atalyk's conspiracy. After all, the Atalyk is favoured by the Emir, and there is no guarantee that a petition to him will lead to any action. While Ibrahim Bek will certainly demand that the Kushbeggi fully subordinate himself in the post-purge administration and allying with him will cede control of the state to a ravenous warlord, it may just be Urganji's best chance to survive.
The Emir cannot ignore his Kushbeggi and subjects!
It is better to be Ibrahim Bek's subordinate than his victim
A New Chairman of the Majlis
For half a decade, the Emir has used the vacancy left by the death of the late great Mirzo Abdulvahid Munzim to hamstring the Emirate's young and largely advisory legislature. However, with the recent conflict between the Atalyk and Kushbeggi settling in the favour of the liberal opposition, the Emir is all but forced by popular opinion and the prodding of his Russian advisors to bring the liberals back into the fold. To do this, he has once again called for the Majlis to meet, promising them that he will approve of whoever they vote in as Chairman.\n\nWithin the liberal camp, the Young Bukharans have whipped into a frenzy of action as various party officials clamour to secure a role as the new face of the re-opened Majlis. In the front is old guard Jadid education reformer and writer Munavvar Qori, whose long tenure of service within Munzim's inner circle affords a degree of legitimacy, and whose skill in oration and text is renowned.\n\nHis primary opposition has come from Muhiddin Mansurov, one of the wealthiest men in Bukhara. Without his monetary support, the Young Bukharan movement would have long since petered out, and his role as the primary editor of the well-known newspaper “The Sun” has given him an outsized voice while the liberals were out of government. Unfortunately for Mansurov, his Tajik ancestry worries many who think that the Emir would never allow a non-Uzbek to take on a position of such prominence.\n\nOf course, there is also the dark horse candidate, the old, wise, and largely apolitical Tajik poet Sadriddin Ayni. While Ayni also suffers from his Tajik ancestry, some have pointed to Ayni as a figure who may be most palatable to the Emir, as he is far from the radical wing of the party, and is not as politically proactive as his opponents. If Qari and Mansurov were to descend into particularly nasty squabbling, those tired of the more distasteful side of politics may see Ayni, the somber and elder poet, in a whole new light.
Munavvar Qori secures his victory
Muhiddin Mansurov finally gets a return on investment
Sadriddin Ayni is pushed as a compromise
The Emir Acquiesces
The meeting was held in a dark room inside the home of a friend of Muhiddin Mansurov, hidden away from the prying eyes of the city. The demeanour of the participants was far from pleasant - there is little love lost between the reformists and Kushbeggi Nizamaddin Urganji. What the night lacked in friendship, however, it more than made up for in the urgency of the situation and determination of all members involved to survive. United by this mission, the two group, long sworn enemies, drafted an incredibly comprehensive case against the Atalyk, before moving together to confront the Emir, under the cover of darkness.\n\nThough the Emir was shocked and upset to be interrupted in the evening by a small army of councillors, ministers, and enemies of the state, he was quick to see that the writing was on the wall. After much hand-wringing and hem-hawing, he was forced to accept a number of this band's demands, including the reduction of control over certain military units by the Atalyk, the replacement of Ibrahim Bek's handpicked Palace Guard Commander with a Kushbeggi loyalist, and vague promises to reinstate the status quo of the 1920s. While none of those present are sure that the Emir will stick to these changes, the rapid support for their gambit by Russian agents has all but secured their position. With the Atalyk on the back foot, the question remains as to whether the Kushbeggi will retain his position of prominence, or if he will be swept away by the tide of optimism among the more radical members of the 'Anti-Atalyk Pact.'
The dog has finally been leashed.
The Velvet Purge
When the Kushbeggi prostrated himself before the Atalyk and his allies, he quickly found out just how close Ibrahim Bek had been to his planned military coup. Already, he had begun to amass loyal soldiers in the capital, using his friendship with the Commander of the Palace Guard to sneak Lokai loyalists into positions well suited to put the city under lockdown to smoke out the reformists.\n\nLuckily, and frankly surprisingly, the Atalyk was very receptive to the input of his new ally, and it did not take long for the Kushbeggi to provoke a few modifications to his plans. Instead of going door to door with bands of loyal soldiers to cleanse the city of any and all dissenters, the Kushbeggi proposed that they instead use the powers of the Emir to arrest the most odious reformists over a few days, before rooting out those disloyal from the bureaucracy and military. While some leftist rats may dig in and survive this more 'strategic' purge, the Kushbeggi was able to bring Ibrahim Bek to understand that with tensions rising, we cannot afford to risk our soldiers in a conflagration in the capital. Now, the two men stand shoulder to shoulder against liberalism of any kind, though the Kushbeggi has already begun to notice his hold over the ship of state slipping away, as his underlings increasingly turn to the Atalyk for direction and commands.
A necessary sacrifice to save the state
Crafting a New Constitution
Ever since the “April Manifesto” of 1917 was strangled in the cradle, the liberal forces of Bukhara have clamoured for the promulgation of a constitution which strengthens the democratic process and provides basic protections for the Emirate's citizens. While there was some hope at the pinnacle of elder statesman Mirzo Abdulvahid Munzim's time as Chairman of the Communal Majlis that he would, with the support of the liberal Russian government, be able to navigate a constitution through the organs of government, the years following his death not only dashed away these hopes but threatened to undo any and all progress made towards democratising the nation.\n\nWith the Majlis reopened and a new Chairman appointed by the Emir, the time is ripe to create some legal foundations for a modern and liberal monarchy. Of course, no Constitution will be able to be carried into law without some form of support from the Emir and the Kushbeggi, meaning that many of the more radical members of the liberal movement will be disappointed with the resulting document. Notably, the Emir is obsessed with the 1906 Russian Constitution, meaning that it will unfortunately have to serve as the foundation of our proposals.\n\nAfter much deliberation, the Constitutional Committee has submitted a few draft proposals to the Kushbeggi and Chairman for their review. Unsurprisingly, the Committee demanded that the powers of the undemocratic Council of Ministers be folded into the Communal Council and the loopholes used by the Emir to circumvent the legislature be eliminated. Additionally, they have called for the provincial governments to be reformed to grant more powers to the local councils, namely the ability to elect and appoint Amlakdar officials and Qazi judges.\n\nThe Kushbeggi responded to this proposal with some comments, claiming that the draft documents would have to be modified slightly to be acceptable to the Emir. Namely, he has called for the Emir to retain the power to appoint some ministers, that the power to overturn monarchal vetoes be limited further, and that citizen rights which can be construed as “communistic” be scrubbed from the document. While it is likely that the Kushbeggi is only trying to save the powers of his own job, it is true that he has a good sense of the Emir's opinions, and we should not take his recommendations lightly.
Go with the more extensive version
Listen to the Kushbeggi's suggestions
The Kushbeggi's Conundrum
While some would look to our victory against the rebels and our covetous neighbours as proof of the effectiveness of our royal administration, the Kushbeggi saw first hand how close we came to defeat, and how much we had to rely on the Russians to survive. The last years have proven conclusively the importance of a strong state and the dangers of a revolutionary populace, leaving the Kushbeggi with a serious conundrum.\n\nReforms, as odious as they may be, are necessary. The Kushbeggi has spent much of the last few weeks crafting and drafting a constitution which would codify many of the administrative and political reforms developed over the last months, while insulating the Kushbeggi and Emir from the whims of violent revolutionaries. Of course, the Kushbeggi has adhered closely to the provisions of the April Manifesto and the Emir's favoured 1906 Russian Constitution to create his own draft, and as a result his constitution is far from the dreams of the Young Bukharans and their ilk.\n\nUnsurprisingly then, a delegation of liberals have come to the Kushbeggi asking that he take their wishes into account, presenting him with a radical proposition to reform the government of the realm by consolidating the Council of Ministers and Communal Council into one body along with some other provisions which would limit the powers of the Emir. While such a move would only serve to weaken our glorious Emir and his Kushbeggi, it is true that the liberal opposition was critical to the defence of the Emirate against Ibrahim Bek's reign of terror, and further coordination with them may serve to critically reinforce our steady control of the realm.
Stick to our guns
Take the liberals into account
Dealing with the Constitutional Question
For decades, the court of our realm has been the home of charlatans, vile magicians, devil worshippers, and foreign dogs - many who clamored ceaselessly for our glorious  Emir to be bound with the shackles of spellbound words. This “constitution” would presumably bewitch our great leader, allowing this monstrous cabal foreign agents and cowardly atheists to seize control of the realm. Luckily, timely intervention by our Atalyk Ibrahim Bek prevented these men from carrying out their dastardly plot, and now that our court is cleansed of their sins there is little talk in the halls of the ark about “constitutions.”\n\nWhile the Atalyk holds court, there is only one voice which whispers about the benefits of written bounds of power - Russian agent and begrudging Ibrahim Bek ally Filipp Panov. Panov, an old friend of Boris Savinkov and long standing Russian figure within the Emir's inner circle, has long claimed that the Atalyk could seriously benefit from crafting his own constitution, one which would strip the last vestiges of power from the weakened Kushbeggi and solidify the grasp of the Atalyk over the state.\n\nOf course, most within the Atalyk's inner circle know that the very concept of a constitution spits on the honor of the Emir. After all, if he is divinely ordained, then why should he be beholden to some sort of piece of paper. Such a revolting document would be an unholy blemish on our realm! On the other hand, the notion of using our enemies' witchcraft against them is tempting, and Panov has made several cogent arguments backed up by his position of importance as a conduit between Bukhara and Moscow. The Emir himself has expressed some interest in such a document, perhaps thinking himself a new, more noble Nicholas II.
Draft a constitution solidifying our grasp
We rule through divine might, not witches' words!
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 1
The Introduction (Articles 1–2) declares that the Emirate of Turkestan is 
Interesting...
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 2
Chapter Five (Articles 41–54) concerns the rights and obligations of male Turkestani citizens. Citizens are guaranteed protection from arbitrary arrest and illegal search and seizure, guaranteed a limited right to travel and the right to own private property, freedom of assembly, freedom of expression, freedom to organise unions and similar organisations, and freedom of religion. Military service and the payment of taxes is mandatory for all male subjects.\n\nChapter Six (Articles 55–62) concerns the promulgation of laws. Article 56 requires the approval of the Emir and Majlis for all laws, while Article 57 allows for the 'constructive approval' of the Emir through a veto-override of two-thirds majority in the Majlis. Article 58 permits the Emir to issue binding decrees when the Majlis is not meeting, though these decrees lose their validity if not approved by the Majlis within a month of their introduction. The Emir is prohibited from using decrees to change the Constitution or laws involving elections.\n\nChapter Seven (Articles 63–77) regulates the operation of the Majlis. There is only one legislative body, the Communal Council, or the Majlis. The Council of Ministers is eliminated. The Majlis is required to meet at least once each year, but the Emir is able to dissolve it at any time, so long as a new election is called within the month. Members of the Majlis are elected for a five-year term using a system of indirect voting where local divisions of three-hundred to five-hundred male citizens nominate a delegate to vote on their behalf. Both the Majlis and the Emir may propose legislation, including amendments to the constitution. The Majlis is prohibited from using its budgetary powers to deny requests of funding or manpower from the Army – if the Majlis denies such a request without the approval of the Emir they must provide funding equal to the prior year's number.
To a democratic future!
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 1
The Introduction (Articles 1–2) declares that the Emirate of Turkestan is 
Interesting...
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 2
Chapter Five (Articles 43–53) concerns the rights and obligations of male Turkestani citizens. Citizens are guaranteed protection from arbitrary arrest and illegal search and seizure, guaranteed a limited right to travel and the right to own private property, freedom of assembly, freedom of expression, and freedom of religion. Military service and the payment of taxes is mandatory for all male subjects.\n\nChapter Six (Articles 54–61) concerns the promulgation of laws. Article 55 requires the approval of the Emir and Majlis for all laws, while Article 56 allows for the 'constructive approval' of the Emir through a veto-override of three-quarter majority in the Majlis. Article 57 permits the Emir to issue binding decrees when the Majlis is not meeting, though these decrees lose their validity if not approved by the Majlis within a year of their introduction. The Emir is prohibited from using decrees to change the Constitution. The Communal Majlis may impeach ministers of the government or members of the regency council with a three-quarter majority vote.\n\nChapter Seven (Articles 62–76) regulates the operation of the Majlis. There is only one legislative body, the Communal Council, or the Majlis. The Council of Ministers is eliminated. The Majlis is required to meet at least once each year, but the Emir is able to dissolve it at any time, so long as a new election is called within the month. Members of the Majlis are elected for a five-year term using a system of indirect voting where local divisions of five-hundred to eight-hundred male citizens nominate a delegate to vote on their behalf. Both the Majlis and the Emir may propose legislation, including amendments to the constitution. The Majlis is prohibited from using its budgetary powers to deny requests of funding or manpower from the Army – if the Majlis denies such a request without the approval of the Emir they must provide funding equal to the prior year's number.
To a stable future together!
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 1
The Introduction (Articles 1–2) declares that the Emirate of Turkestan is 
Interesting...
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 2
Chapter Four (Articles 44–47) concerns the relationship of the Emirate to the various religions professed by its subjects. The Sunni Islamic faith is declared the exalted state religion, and the Emir is required to profess that religion. Those practicing other denominations of Islam, as well as Jews, Christians, and heathens, are promised religious liberty.\n\nChapter Five (Articles 48–58) concerns the rights and obligations of male Turkestani citizens. Citizens are guaranteed protection from arbitrary arrest and illegal search and seizure, guaranteed a limited right to travel and the right to own private property, freedom of assembly, freedom of expression, and freedom of religion. Military service and the payment of taxes is mandatory for all male subjects.\n\nChapter Six (Articles 59–68) concerns the promulgation of laws. Article 55 requires the approval of the Emir, the Council of Ministers, and the Communal Majlis for all laws, while Article 56 permits the Emir and his cabinet to issue binding decrees when the Majlis is not meeting, though these decrees lose their validity if not approved by the Majlis within a year of their introduction. The Emir is prohibited from using decrees to change the Constitution.\n\nChapter Seven (Articles 69–87) regulates the operation of the Majlis (Council of Ministers and Communal Council). Both are required to meet at least once each year. The Emir may appoint up to one-half of the Council of Ministers, while members of the Communal Council are elected for a five-year term using a system of indirect voting where local divisions of five-hundred to eight-hundred male citizens nominate a delegate to vote on their behalf. Both houses possessed the right to propose legislation, save for amendments to the constitution which can only be proposed by the Emir. The budgetary powers invested in the Council of Ministers cannot be used to refuse requests of funding or manpower from the Army without the approval of the Emir. Only the Emir can remove members of the Council of Ministers, and regulations, instructions, and orders from this body cannot contradict existing law.
To a pious and stable future under the Kushbeggi!
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 1
The Introduction (Articles 1–2) declares that the Emirate of Turkestan is 
Interesting...
The Bukharan Constitution, Part 2
Chapter Three (Articles 51–54) concerns the relationship of the Emirate to the various religions professed by its subjects. The Sunni Islamic faith is declared the exalted state religion, and the Emir is required to profess that religion.\n\nChapter Four (Articles 55–61) concerns the rights and obligations of male Turkestani citizens. Citizens are guaranteed protection from arbitrary arrest and illegal search and seizure, guaranteed a limited right to travel and the right to own private property. The Emir may suspend these rights in times of emergency, and these rights are suspended for any citizens suspected of revolutionary allegiances or action. Military service and the payment of taxes is mandatory for all male subjects.\n\nChapter Five (Articles 62–70) regulates the operation of the Council of Ministers and the promulgation of laws. The Communal Council is disbanded, with all of their powers passing to the Council of Ministers. The Emir may directly appoint up to one-half of the Council of Ministers, while the other half are appointed by the Beyliks, Ulemma, and local councils. The Council of Ministers may propose legislation, subject to the approval of the Emir and his Atalyk. The Emir may issue binding decrees, though decrees which change the Constitution must be approved by the Council of Ministers. The Atalyk is afforded whatever budgetary powers are necessary to fund and expand the military, as needed.
To a glorious future under the Atalyk!
Petitioning Russia for True Independence
Technically, the Emirate of Bukhara is a fully independent state with close bonds of friendship with the great nation of Russia, but no legal mechanisms by which Russia can control or manipulate our sovereignty. However, in reality Russia leverages extensive control over our state through a legion of advisors and bureaucrats, who report directly to Moscow and often ignore the orders of their native ‘superiors,' creating a sort of ‘state within the state' which prevents us from fully enjoying the independence we legally have. While we are fully loyal to our Russian ally, there are growing efforts to loosen the lease Russia currently holds around us, especially as we grow more powerful. Of course, there is also the matter of Russian economic control, which has waned somewhat (from all encompassing to merely oppressive) as our own domestic industry and production has picked up. We have a few options: we can request that Russia withdraw some of their political control, and potentially offer increased economic control or compensation in return, or instead simply come to grips with our current position.
Request greater independence
Offer compensation for independence
Why even bother bothering them?
Our Turkestani Allies Demand Greater Independence
We created the Turkestani Emirate to secure our southern border and better regulate the native Turkic tribes, Sarts, and Persians of the region. To ensure their loyalty, we organised significant portions of their bureaucracy and government under the oversight of Russian agents within the Bukharan court, who have only grown more powerful in recent years. However, the Turkestani Emirate has grown powerful in its own right, with a growing army of once-disloyal Basmachi bandits now marching in lockstep with our armies in the great European conflagration. Recently, native diplomats have pushed for us to make major revisions to the role of Russian advisors within the Emirate's court, changes which would make them more independent. While officially the Emirate is merely an allied nation state within our sphere, their limited sovereignty has allowed us to closely control their affairs. Removing our agents from positions of control would certainly make Turkestanis happy - but obviously we are concerned that this may just be the first domino on the path to full Turkestani independence and revolt.
Grant them their request
Absolutely not!
Russia Withdraws Some Tendrils of Control
Recognising our increasing power and our long-standing loyalty, Russia has recalled a number of their leading ‘advisors,' loosening the foundations of their direct control over our administration. With more and more roles filled by our native Uzbeks, we are no longer beholden to the constant approval of our Russian allies. Of course, on a day to day level, not too much has changed - Russian support continues to be vital to the maintenance of the Emirate's administration, and a number of junior positions are still staffed by Russian or Russian educated experts. However, there is no doubt that the Sword of Damocles has been lowered somewhat. It is now doubtful that the Emir and his closest allies could be silently written out of our nation's governance, and if the Russians were to today attempt to overthrow our government they would encounter significantly more resistance than they once would have. This reversal marks a new chapter in our history, allowing us to truly spread our wings and show the world how mighty Central Asia can be!
Fantastic!
Russia Denies us our Requests
Despite the reasonable and well laid out nature of our request to Moscow to loosen their informal controls on our government, we have been wholly rebuffed. Our diplomatic counterparts have contacted us through back channels explaining that while there may come a time when Russia is willing to further pull out of their political investments in our realm, that day has not yet come. The truth is that Russia has simply invested too much blood and treasure into securing our nation into their realm, and they cannot afford to now upset the applecart. To this end, they have warned us that any move on our part to circumvent or weaken their control will result in immediate military intervention, an intervention we would be wholly unable to withstand. Unfortunately, there is little we can do now, especially having shown our hand to our Russian counterpart with our requests. We will simply need to continue dreaming of a future where we can be a free and equal partner of our Russian ally.
Then we must stand down...
Progressive Grey Eminence
Progressive Puppet
Tenacious Autocrat
The People's Poet
Cunning Ideologue
Loved, but Feared
Feared and Loved, Equally
Feared...and Loved?
Terror of the Party State
Kushbeggi of the Ulemma
Kushbeggi of the Ulemma
The Emir's Fist
Napoleon of the Lokai
Revolutionary Pioneer
Revolutionary Pioneer
Patron of the Progressives
Patron of the Progressives
Islamic Modernist
Islamic Modernist
Father of the Tajiks
Father of the Tajiks
Progressive Grey Eminence
Progressive Grey Eminence
Kushbeggi of the Ulemma
Kushbeggi of the Ulemma
The Emir's Fist
Napoleon of the Lokai
Afghan Exile
Tireless Meddler
