Finland Focus Tree
Revolution in Finland
Nationalist Coup in Finland
Punakaarti
Punakaarti (Red Guards)
Kansanvaltuuskunta
Suomen Kansanvaltuuskunta (Finnish People's Delegation)
SSTP
Suomen Sosialistinen Työväenpuolue (Socialist Workers' Party of Finland)
SDP
Suomen Sosialidemokraattinen Puolue (Social Democratic Party of Finland)
ML
Maalaisliitto (Agrarian League)
Edistyspuolue
Kansallinen Edistyspuolue (National Progressive Party)
Kokoomus
Kansallinen Kokoomus (National Coalition Party)
Mannerheimin Klikki
Mannerheimin Klikki (Mannerheim Clique)
Kokoomus
Kansallinen Kokoomus (National Coalition Party)
Lapuan Liike
Lapuan Liike (Lapua Movement)
IKL
Isänmaallinen Kansanliike (Patriotic People's Movement)
Democracy Triumphant
It seems as though a proper, republican-style of democracy has finally become a reality in Finland, with the office of the president taking the role of head of state, while the office of prime minister has been created to lead the government. A new age of politics, it seems, is unravelling for Finland.
Red-Earth Government
The Red-Earth government, given its name due to the alliance between the Social Democrats and the Agrarians, has seen fit to take power, with the two parties coalescing in order to provide and maintain peace and stability within the nation.
Stave off Radicalism
It is important that we never allow for the events, such as the actions taken by the former Lapua Movement, to ever unfold in Finland ever again. We must do everything in our power to stave off radicalism, even if that means momentarily overstepping our boundaries.
Reinforce the Democratic Process
In order to allow for democratic ideals to be truly implanted within the minds of the Finnish people, it is paramount that we emphasise the importance of the democratic process and educate the people on the merits of the new system.
Endorse Finnish Sovereignty
No longer shall we be under the boot of the Germans, Russians, or any other foreign nation. Finland's destiny is her own, and it is up to her to decide what path she takes. We cannot stand by and allow for the Finnish people to be trampled on by foreign imperialists.
Foster Unity Throughout the Nation
We must bring together the citizens of Finland, regardless of their backgrounds, for it is important that we not only fight against the forces of radicalism, but that we foster an atmosphere that gives every Finn a sense of belonging and pride for his/her country.
Heal Divisions from the Civil War
Freshly in the minds of the Finnish people, especially after the recent rebellion, the Finnish Civil War and its after effects have only sought to further divide an already divided populace. We must work towards bringing the people together, and reminding them of what's truly important: the sovereignty of the Finnish nation.
Favour the Workers
The age of the primacy of agriculture is over, with industrialisation becoming a natural process for all European nations. It is time we also began to follow in the footsteps of the world powers, and gave primacy to the workers of Finland.
Preserve the Coalition
Both the worker and the farmer are equally important to the development and economic status of Finland. We should not give primacy to either group, but should, in fact, work towards allowing both to thrive.
Favour the Farmers
Finland has long been a primarily agricultural nation, and there is no reason to change such a reality. We must provide support to our farmers.
The Social Democrats
The Social Democrats have come out on top. Once much further to the left, the increasingly right wing Finnish politics have pushed the party to take on a more patriotic role. Despite this, however, the party continually pushes for the gradual reformation of Finland.
Confederation of the Finnish Trade Unions
The creation of the Confederation of the Finnish Trade Unions is an idea of many social democrats, in that it allows for Finnish unions to coalesce and lobby for the rights of workers in the face of opposition.
Embrace Reformism
We must support the continual reformation of the Finnish state, so that we may allow the state to progress and be the best that it can be.
Mixed Economy
Embracing the ideas set forth by Adam Smith as per his book, The Wealth of Nations, we must allow for the continuation of a capitalist economic system in Finland. That does not mean, however, that the government cannot prioritise the interests of the people within the framework of the system.
The Agrarians
The Agrarians have come out on top. Founded in 1906 by rural citizens within Finland, the Agrarians seek to maintain the republican system of Finland and advance the interests of the farmers living in the nation.
Decentralisation
It is important that our citizens living within the rural areas of our nation receive just as much representation as our citizens living in the urban areas of that nation. That is why the government must be decentralised.
Curtail Swedish Rights
Much of the nobility within Finland come from Swedish roots and enjoy more privileges than our regular citizens. In addition, the Swedish language currently holds a special status within Finland, especially Åland. It is time we addressed these issues.
Invest in the Countryside
Much of the economic development within Finland is within the urban areas of the nation and its surroundings. It is time we began investment into rural Finland and enriched the lives of the citizens living there.
A Moderate Finland
We have managed to cultivate popular support for the republican system of democracy within Finland. It seems as though the nation is entering a new era, one that is full of liberty and democracy for the people of Finland. Long live the Finnish nation!
Mannerheim's Ascendancy
Mannerheim and the White Guard have taken control of Finland, promising to temporarily take control of the nation until stability can be restored.
Stabilising Finland
It is important that we begin to establish a sense of routine within Finland while also calming the populace. We must ensure that the events that had occurred remain on outlier, so as to better foster stability.
Bolster the White Guard
The White Guard have fought for the preservation of the nation for a long time, first proving themselves during the Finnish Civil War, and now proving themselves when they defended the nation against the radicalism of the Lapua Movement. We must ensure that the militia remains strong.
Fund the Finnish Defence Forces
In order to defend our nation from both external and internal threats, we must ensure that the military receives adequate funding.
Arrest Prominent Radicals
Co-conspirators of the Lapua Movement, the Red Guard, and the Finnish People's Delegation must be hunted down and arrested in order to prevent the outbreak of a rebellion once more. We must make an example of these people to show the world that threats against our sovereignty will not be tolerated.
Promote the Red Cross
Mannerheim himself is currently also head of the Finnish Red Cross and has decided that promoting the humanitarian organisation is important with the rebuilding of the nation. After all, we could use all the help we can get.
The Bank of Finland
Bringing stability in the form of our currency is also very important. We must work towards empowering the Bank of Finland, our central bank.
A Republican Constitution
In order to garner support and legitimacy for a republican system, we must work towards the drafting and passing of a new constitution.
Prevent Partisanship
Bickering and infighting cannot be allowed between politicians when the very stability and sovereignty of Finland are at stake. We must not fall into the trap of partisan politics, and must force the politicians to see beyond their petty differences, lest we end up polarising the nation once more.
Unify the People
Reconciling the ideological differences between the Finnish people is important if we want to provide for the stability and well-being of the state.
Support the Armaments Industry
Pouring government funds into the development of the armaments industry is key if we are to produce new weapons, supply our military, and make strides in the field of military technology.
Secure International Recognition
We must push for nations around the world to accept Finnish sovereignty and recognise our position as a sovereign nation.
Relinquish Control to the Parties
Mannerheim has decided that Finland is now stable enough for democracy to rule once more. It is time we relinquish control of the military to the politicians and the people, letting them decide the fate of the nation.
Socialist Victory
The Finnish People's Delegation, working in lockstep with the Red Guard, have managed to defeat back both the forces of the former King and the White Guard, having seized power for themselves. It seems as though, in the end, the red forces have finally prevailed in taking over Finland...
Denounce Monarchism
Finland has been under the control of the Germans and their lapdogs for years now, sowing the seeds of discontent and stifling the people under the oppressive ideology of monarchism blended with a mix of reactionary thought. The state has taken it upon itself to remove monarchist ideals from the nation, though this has displeased our more rural citizens, who are rather conservative in their thought and would prefer a monarch over a syndicalist government.
Disband State Religious Institutions
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland, which had once taken a stand against us during the civil war, has been declared an unnecessary institution. The Red Guard, who have been given free rein (for the moment) in order to allow us to more easily initiate our directives, have begun purging members of the clergy.
A New Constitution
In order to garner legitimacy for our rule alongside solidifying the framework for the new Finnish state, it is important that we begin the drafting and eventual passage of a new state constitution.
The Red Guard Seizes Power!
The Finnish People's Delegation had attempted to purge the Red Guard, coming to the conclusion that the militia had outlived its usefulness and was getting to tough to control. That is not something we could have allowed to happen, so we summarily seized power and deposed of our former allies.
Second Red Terror
For far too long have we been underground, forced to hide from the rabidly anti-syndicalist forces of the King. It is time we took our revenge, and terrorised those who had terrorised us and our comrades. We cannot allow for the reactionary forces to prosper once more.
Centralisation of Power
Power must be centralised around both the Red Guard and the new government, so that we may more effectively carry out our new directives.
Elected Officers
The Red Guard has long had a tradition of electing officers in a democratic fashion. We must extend this to the rest of the armed forces so as to allow for the regular soldiers to have a voice in how the military is run.
Suppress Reactionary Parties
Any sort of remnants of the reactionary old order must be suppressed, lest they rise up again in an attempt to the threaten our rule. If we must rule with force in order to preserve the stability of the state, then so be it!
Seizure of Private Assets
It is quite apparent that the new state needs urgent funding. In order to procure that funding, we must turn our attention towards the bourgeois institutions and wealthy individuals within Finland and seize their assets for the good of the state.
Finnish People's Delegation
Once the official government of the state known as Red Finland, the Finnish People's Delegation has finally rightfully assumed power with the help of the Red Guard. It is time that we begin to enforce our directives, such as empowering the labour movement and turning Finland into a true socialist state.
Disband the Red Guard
While the Red Guard had served us well during the rebellion, it is also clear to many that we cannot allow them to continue to operate, lest they turn on us. Indeed, the violence on their part during the Civil War and the rebellion are a shock to many members of the Delegation, and Kuusinen himself is a very shady character. We must take action at once and disband the Red Guard.
Guard the Democratic Process
While it is true that we have taken over the state and are able to mould it as we see fit, it is also important that we keep in mind the democratic institutions and traditions underpinning the fabric of the Finnish nation and guard them well.
Empower the Labour Movement
The labourers were, and continue to be, our biggest supporters and greatest allies when it came down to finally revolting. We must reward them for their loyalty.
Ban Capitalist Newspapers
The Finnish nation gains nothing from allowing capitalist newspapers to operate, bar reactionary propaganda that only seeks to undermine the just and fair system of socialism. We must begin shutting down all capitalist newspapers at once.
Enforce Taxation
One of the biggest failures of the Finnish People's Delegation during the war was the lack of tax collection on the part of the government. So as to allow for governmental institutions to run properly and to carry out our will, we must begin with proper tax collection at once.
A New Finland
Finland has emerged anew, now following the socialistic guidelines set out by revolutionaries, who have liberated the people from their chains and have turned the nation into something truly admirable.
The Rebellion Succeeds
The original intent of the rebellion was to allow for the Lapua Movement to take power and depose the German king and his lapdogs. Now that we have done so, it is time that we begin to enforce our directives for the nation. We must strive for a truly Finnish Finland.
Anti-Parliamentarism
The parliament serves no purpose to the Finnish people, with the bickering of politicians standing in the way of true progress for the nation. We must deal with the institution at a later date. For now, we can begin to foster feelings of anti-parliamentarism so that, when the time comes, we can bring a decisive end to the institution.
Divert Funding to the Sinimustat
The Sinimustat, a youth organisation for the Lapua Movement, must receive adequate funding and supply if it is to raise the next generation of Finnish patriots. We must ingrain moral and nationalistic values into the youth of tomorrow.
Eliminate the German Presence
While the rebellion was largely successful in deposing most of the German influence within Finland, it has not fully done its job in that many German-influenced people still remain in positions of power and German institutions still exist within the nation. We must deal with this issue swiftly.
Crack Down on Socialism
We can not allow for a third civil war to break out in Finland, lest it allow for the powers around us to capitalise on our situation, as Germany had done. We must deal with the root of this cause, the socialists, and root them out at once.
Finnish Irredentism
We must make clear that any lands that fall under the idea of Great Finland are ours and will, eventually, be ours. We cannot be timid on the world stage.
Empower the Clergy
The clergy have played a key role in spreading and emphasising the value of morality within the new Finnish nation. As a result, we must reward them for their unwavering loyalty.
Abolish Parliament
It is all too clear that parliament has finally run its course. With enough power now concentrated in the hands of the Lapua Movement and its supporters, we can finally shut down the rotten institution of parliament once and for all.
Corporatist Economic Policies
Allowing companies and other large interest groups to help the new government run the economy will surely be beneficial in the long term.
Support the Landowners
The landowners have always been key to Finland's economic success. We must provide them with government subsidies so as to allow them to further develop their land and, consequently, further develop Finland.
Solidify the Movement
We must formalise the movement, and truly become a proper party so as to garner support and legitimacy from Finns throughout the nation.
Remilitarise the Åland Islands
The Åland Islands, which rightfully belong to us as per German arbitration and the idea of Greater Finland, have been demilitarised for far too long against our will. We must change that, consequences be damned.
A Proud Finland
Finland now presents itself on the world stage as a truly proud and independent nation, unwilling to bend to the will of any outside power or influence. Long live the Finnish people and the Finnish nation!
The Old Order
The National Coalition has ruled Finland since 1918, presiding over a period of unprecedented growth and stability for the nation. Allowing any other party besides them to rule Finland would make no sense, right?
A Truly Finnish Party
With the National Coalition now purged of all of its former German elements and other German sympathisers, it has now become a truly Finnish party that will rule only for the interests of the Finnish people.
Marginalise the Socialists
The socialists have always been the bane of our rule within Finland. It is time that we take decisive action against them, by slowly turning the ordinary citizenry away from the corrupt ideas of socialism.
Strengthen the President's Power
A strong executive is required to lead Finland and represent the will of the people on the world stage.
Monolingualism
The question of the Swedish-speaking Finns has always been a complicated one within Finnish society. We are prepared to offer an olive branch to them, as long as the Swedish regions are just as loyal to the nation as its Finnish-speaking ones are.
Progressive Taxation
We must restructure the taxation system so as to allow for a more fair and efficient system of taxation.
Reward the Businessmen
Small and large business owners within Finland have been ardent in their support of the National Coalition Party. As such, we must provide them with rewards, in the form of subsidies, in order to retain their loyalty.
The Monarchy
Despite having faced opposition from the socialists, liberals, and even within parts of the military, King Fredrik Kaarle has managed to hold onto power and secure the position of the monarchy within Finland, empowering it to heights once seen as unattainable.
Reorganise the Etsivä Keskuspoliisi
The secret police have been invaluable in their efforts to subvert internal threats against the monarchy. In order to increase their effectiveness, we must begin a reorganisation of the organisation while also diverting more funding their way.
Retain Economic Liberalism
Economic liberalism is the cornerstone of Finnish economic development, fighting against the forces who seek to place the economic well-being of the nation into the hands of the government, thereby damaging the economic gains made under business owners. We must place an emphasis on the protection of the free market.
The Conservative Bulwark
We must act as an impenetrable wall against the radical forces of socialism and, at times, the forces of liberalism which seek to undermine our rule and change an already great nation.
Educate the Citizenry
The idea that every Finn has the right to an education is a correct one. We must provide our people with the resources needed to bolster the welfare of our citizenry and prosperity of our nation.
Support the King
We must begin the education of the new generation of Finns by teaching them the pros of the continued rule of the monarchy. We cannot allow for the next generation of Finns to be indoctrinated with hate against the very institution that allows for the stability of the nation, lest we find ourselves plunged into yet another period of instability...
Reward the Farmers
Farmers within Finland have been ardent in their support of the National Coalition Party. As such, we must provide them with rewards, in the form of subsidies, in order to retain their loyalty.
A Stable Finland
The King and his close advisors have managed to, under dire circumstances, retain the stability and peace that had marked Finland following its civil war. Now, with all threats neutered or outright eliminated, we can safely begin to re-assert ourselves on the world stage once more.
Reinforce the [ROOT.FIN_GetMannerheimLineName] Line
A defensive fortification line built during the Russian Civil War, the [ROOT.FIN_GetMannerheimLineName] Line has been key with regards to acting as a deterrent for the Russians to the east. However it has not been upgraded in some time, and its age is beginning to show. We should look towards upgrading it.
Manner
Fredrik Kaarle
Tanner
Mannerheim
State Arms Factories
The Finnish private sector is limited in resources, so state companies such as VKT and SAKO are necessary to ensure proper supply of armament for our army during war time.
Sponsor Lahti and Saloranta
We are in constant search for gifted weapons designers. Aimo Lahti and Arvo Saloranta have made an impression with their designs, and should be recruited on the state payroll.
Yhteissisu Vehicles
Despite our army largely relying on horses and bicycles, the automobile industry is steadily growing. Lucrative cooperation with German businesses has helped in the development of Vanaja trucks.
Artillery Production
Finnish doctrine has always relied on artillery, and it is also something we can produce ourselves. Stocking up on shells for the bad day should be started before the bad day hits.
Panzers in the Snow
We have limited ability to produce armour, but our allies in Berlin have more than enough capacity. Agreements with Henschel and Krupp should be signed to ensure expertise needed for our own armoured force.
Valtion Panssaritehdas
It's a tall order, but with proper funding Finland can have its own capacity to build simple armoured vehicles.
Anti-Armour Weapons
Our enemies will come at us with waves of steel and fire, and we must be ready. We do not have enough armour to counter it, so cheaper methods must be invented.
Integrate the White Guard
Instead of being a separate organisation with its own commander, the White Guards should be made into part of the standing army, and serve as reserves and a training organisation.
National Mobilisation
When push comes to shove, every Finn understands to carry their weight in defence of the Fatherland.
Lotta Svärd
A Women's auxiliary organisation will train young, patriotic ladies to fill support services in signals, medicine and supply, freeing up precious manpower for the front.
The Salpa Line
If the [ROOT.FIN_GetMannerheimLineName] is our first line of defence, the Salpa Line is the last, and it shall not be breached!
Upgrade Sissi Units
'Sissi', in its original meaning, a forest bandit, is the roughest of the army, the guerrillas operating in uncharted woods and behind enemy lines, striking quickly and leaving no trace.
Support Jäger Officers
The young patriots of the Royal Prussian 27th Jäger Battalion trained and fought with the Germans, and they have to came dominate much of the army. Their spirit is aggressive and mobile, drawing from German military schools.
Support Mannerheim's Clique
Carl Gustaf Mannerheim and those close to him are generally men of an old, more technical school of warfare, avoiding the rash offences of great spirit that the Jägers so much adore.
Encircle and Destroy
The forests are not a barrier to us, but a pathway. Our enemies are restricted to roads, while our mobile forces can cut them into pieces like one cuts a motti of firewood.
Expansion of Sotakorkeakoulu
An army is only as good as its leaders, and training exemplary leaders is our priority.
Salvage Captured Equipment
We do not have the industrial capacity of our enemies, but they can helpfully supplement our budget by allowing us to capture their armour and guns and turn them against them.
The White Death
\
Kaukopartiot
Dedicating some of our best units to operate in the flanks and backs of the enemy will wreack havoc to their cohesion, and net us proper intel needed for conducting further operations.
Lotta Field Hospitals
Men from medical positions can be freed up for more urgent roles by allowing Lotta Svärd to operate entire hospitals some distance away from the frontline.
Nenonen Doctrine
Vilho Nenonen is a general, but most of all he is a mathematical genius. The Fire Correction Circle is just one of his inventions that will enable our artillery to react faster, target better and destroy more.
Department of Radio Intelligence
Expanding the radio listening base in Lahti to a full department under the Air Force will make it possible to gather more intel faster.
New Air Bases
In a country of large distances, a good network of air bases is integral for defence.
Increase Airforce Budget
The air force has usually been something ignored in favour of the army, despite its potential.
Ace Pilots
Screening should be done as part of the military service to find and train potential pilots, even if they are poor farmers' sons.
Modernise Lentosotakoulu
The means of air warfare are rapidly changing, and we need to stay in the flow if we are to defend our own skies.
Urban Aerial Defences
Finland's few major cities make easy targets for bombing, and should be adequately defended.
Domestic Fighter Designs
VLT was founded as a state-owned avitation manufacturing and design plant. In a brief time, we will have our first Finnish-designed and manufactured fighter planes.
Fighter Supremacy
Despite the bombing proponents like Väinö Vuori, fighters should be the priority of a small air force such as ours.
Wärtsilä Engines
Producing a quality aeroplane engine is no small feat. If we can achieve it, only the sky is limit!
Cutting-Edge Production Lines
We cannot compete in quantity, but we can in quality.
Twelve-Squadron Plan
According to the high command, 12 squadrons of fighters should be able to protect the entire airspace of Finland - so let's set that as a target, and seek a major expansion of the air force.
Vuori's Assault Wings
The bomber lobby of the Finnish Air Force proposes using bombers as flying artillery, something to ensure that we will win battles on land.
Bomber Supremacy
Bombers will always get through.
Naval Bombers
The Gulf of Finland is an important naval pathway, and with proper planes, we can ensure that no ships pass it without our permission.
Improve Coastal Defences
Finland's coastline is long and its navy small, so fortifications are the best way to ensure it stays adequately defended.
Expand Export Fleets
Most of the Finnish economy is based around exporting the products of our forest industries. Without ships, there are no exports.
Cheap Cruisers
It is hard to convince [ROOT.GetLeader] to give the navy much extra funds, so we must aim to use cheap designs instead.
German Naval Cooperation
The naval superpower of the Baltic is Germany, and with them, we cannot fail.
Expand Andrée & Rosenqvist
Dockyards of A&R in Turku are our pride, and must be supported by the state as a matter of national security.
Hit-and-Run Tactics
A smaller fleet should focus on mobility and wit, rather than brawn and fire.
Prowl the Waters
Submarines are cheap and deadly, which makes them ideal for a nation with a limited budget.
Increase Torpedo Production
A single torpedo costs some hundred marks. A Russian cruiser costs millions of roubles.
Naval Expansion
Major increases in the naval budget have enabled us to truly focus on shipbuilding. It is already positively affecting the morale of the naval officers.
Baltic Naval Bases
Our Baltic Sea has plenty of islands and harbors well-suited for military bases, positioned to protect Helsinki and other major cities.
Expand Crichton-Vulcan
Crichton-Vulcan is the largest dockyard in Finland, often contracted even by foreign powers to build ships for them.
Mines in the Baltic
The Gulf of Finland and the Gulf of Bothnia can be both closed at their narrowest points with a dedicated minelayer.
The Coastal Jägers
The first unit of Finnish naval infantry will be given specialised training and equipment to conduct skilled amphibious operations.
Modernise the Transit Networks
Finland has long distances, and nothing works without a proper transit system. What use is having mineral goods if they cannot be transported into factories or ports?
Agricultural Subsidies
Let's face it, Finland sucks for growing crops. Summers are short and winters harsh. If we are to have much food security, it needs to be subsidised.
Nationalise Ålandsbanken
Ålandsbanken is one of the major banks that took a heavy beating in speculation surrounding the Black Monday crisis. The Ministry of Economy has proposed to nationalsie the bank to stabilise its financial freefall.
Expand the University of Helsinki
As Anders Chydenius always said, a nation is only as brilliant as its young men and women are educated.
Ahlstrom Forestry Exports
It is said that Finland stands on a foundation of wood, and it is true. Planks, paper, cardboard, plywood, timber - all of it goes for export.
Draw on Oy Alkoholiliike
Alcohol is good, but people tend to use it irresponsibly. Naturally, a state monopoly of it is the correct solution, and it bringing us more profits is just icing on the top.
Expand Outokumpu Operations
Outokumpu - the Strange Hill - boasts some of the largest copper deposits in the Nordic countries, and there is plenty to expand in it.
Expand Kemi Mines
Lapland has much untapped mining potential. The best place to start is from around export harbours such as Kemi, which can be used to deliver the ore south.
Makola Mining Complex
Nickel and copper deposits of Nivala were discovered in the 1920s by a German company but were never properly utilised due to lack of funds.
Petsamo-Kolosjoki Mines
Petsamo sits on top of massive deposits of nickel. There would be plenty of riches there, if we only could access it.
Northern Steel
Iron ores from Laplandish mines can be most efficiently processed into steel in Tornio and Kemi, and then shipped to further afield.
Finnish Mineral Wealth
Many more mineral deposits can be found in Finland, given proper geological study and enough money. Nature will not stand in our way!
Ore Refining
Thanks to foreign capital and expertise, we're able to expand the southern metallurgy plants turning our ores into useable form.
Expand Imatra
Imatra has quickly became one of the largest steel producing towns. Transportation through Lake Saimaa ties it more tightly into our national infrastructure.
Finlayson Textiles
The 'Manchester of Finland' - Tampere - is the largest concentration of industry in the Nordic countries, and is particularly known for its massive textile industry.
Create Pohjolan Voima
The Rivers and streams of Finland are only waiting to be tapped for energy production. Pohjolan Voima Oy will answer to the growing need of Finnish industries for electricity.
Exploit Hydroelectric Power
Further spending on hydro power infrastructure should improve the Finnish industry's production ability greatly.
Domestic Tyre Production
Nokia Rubber Factory is creating domestic rubber products, primarily shoes and tyres. It is only possible through state subsidies, which are used for acquiring expensive rubber.
Radiosonde Experiments
The budding electronics production of the country needs money and expertise, and perhaps one day it will become a major industry in the north.
In the northern periphery of Europe, Finland, the bastion of German influence in Scandinavia, proudly stands. Spawned out of the corpse of the Russian Empire and with socialism threatening the nation at its inception, the kingdom has developed into a stalwart ally of Germany against the principles of socialism and the imperialistic hands of Russia. But after almost two decades of independence under the guiding hand of its monarch and the national coalition, unrest is festering: is Finland truly free or is German dominion merely a bit more subtle than that of the Tsars of old?
GFX_FIN_intro
The Kingdom of Finland
Following the introduction of the [Root.GetAdjective] Declaration of Independence by Pehr Svinhufvud's Senate on the 4th of December, 1917 and the subsequent declaration of independence from [RUS.GetNameDef] by Finland on the 6th of December, 1917, [Root.GetAdjective] society saw itself divided amongst two groups: the Red Guards, led by Ali Aaltonen, and the White Guards, led by Carl Gustaf Emil Mannerheim.\n\nIt wasn't long before a civil war broke out between Red Finland, which was composed primarily of members of the Social Democratic Party of Finland, and White Finland, composed of forces under the Svinhufvud Senate alongside German-trained Jäger troops.\n\nAfter three months of vicious warfare, the German-backed Whites were able to push the Reds and the People's Delegation out of Helsinki and eventually surround the retreating forces who were subsequently forced to surrender.\n\nOut of the ashes of the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War rose [Root.GetNameDef], a rabidly anti-socialist nation led by Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse, or King Fredrik Kaarle I as he had come to be known following his coronation as King of Finland.\n\nDespite enjoying a period of peace and protection as an unofficial [GER.GetAdjective] protectorate, a certain sense of political resent has begun to develop within the [Root.GetAdjective] populace due to the pervasiveness of Germany and [GER.GetAdjective]-affiliated officers and companies within [Root.GetNameDef]. In addition, radicals, from both the left and right, have begun to slowly consolidate power after years of negligence by the King and the National Coalition...
§MKingdom - National Coalition§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Send the police and defeat the Lapua plot, or do not send the police and have the Jägers defeat the Lapua coup.\n£white_dot Wait until 1 March 1937 or get your Karelian claims to unlock the rest of the Monarchy tree.\n\n§MMannerheim Clique§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Do not send the police, have the Lapua Movement and the Red Guard fight.\n£white_dot Have Mannerheim rally the White Guard and come out on top.\n£white_dot Let him hold onto power.\n\n§MDemocracy§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but have Mannerheim relinquish power to the parties immediately.\n\n§MLapua Movement§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Do not send the police.\n£white_dot Let the Lapua Movement take power during their march on parliament.\n\n§MPeople's Delegation§! ($syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but have the Red Guard fight the Lapua Movement during their attempted takeover.\n£white_dot Choose to have the Finnish People's Delegation take power.\n\n§MRed Guards§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but after taking the focus \
Black Monday hits Finland!
It seems as though [Root.GetNameDef] has not been able to bypass the economic hardship faced by [GER.GetNameDef] and the other members of Mitteleuropa. With the plummeting of the Berlin Stock Exchange on the 3rd of February, [GER.GetNameDef]'s economy was sent into free-fall, bringing down with it a substantial chunk of the world.\n\nThis economic downturn has hit [Root.GetNameDef] at a very unfortunate time due to problems at home and abroad. It is no secret to many that, despite being an agricultural nation, Finland does not possess much arable land and, thus, struggles to feed its populace by itself. This has left [Root.GetNameDef] in a position whereby it is forced to purchase [UKR.GetAdjective] grain in order to properly sustain its populace and avoid further dissent.\n\nOn top of all this, however, is mounting dissent from the [Root.GetAdjective] people, who have slowly, yet surely, begun to radicalise and call for an end to dependency on the [GER.GetAdjective]s. Black Monday has only granted further legitimacy to radical movements such as the Lapua Movement and the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation, the Red government in exile, have slowly begun to make a comeback, giving the radical groups greater impetus. Demonstrations have already sprung up in many areas. It seems as though [Root.GetNameDef] is hanging by a thread...
Jumalauta!
The Peasant March
Aiming to undermine the National Coalition and profess [Root.GetAdjective] nationalism, the Lapua Movement, breaking with their existing ties with the party, have begun a so-called ‘Peasant March' in Helsinki, which tens of thousands of Finns have attended.\n\nLed by several prominent far-right [Root.GetAdjective] nationalists, Kurt Martti Wallenius amongst them, the marchers chanted for the ‘emancipation of [Root.GetNameDef]' from the ‘[GER.GetAdjective] oppressors'.\n\nIndeed, King [Root.GetLeader] has been worried by the recent uptick in anti-monarchist/ultranationalist sentiment, seeing the marches as mere opportunism and a ploy by the far-right to destabilise [Root.GetNameDef]. As it stands, the coalition between the National Coalition and Lapua Movement had already become shaky in recent years. This blatant attack against the monarchy has only served to sever the ties between the monarchists and ultranationalists.
Damn upstarts...
The Socialists Protest!
Many Finnish socialists are still in exile after the civil war. Niilo Wälläri is among those who have petitioned to return to Finland. He is associated with the IWW and other foreign syndicalist parties, but he did not take part in the Finnish Civil War personally. Regardless of that, such agitator has not been allowed to return, and neither has his collagues like Oskari Tokoi and Otto Wille Kuusinen. A substantial minority within the SDP and the socialists that have been forced underground by the government wish to see them return, while some of the more moderate liberals in [Root.GetNameDef] oppose his conviction on the grounds of impartially by the Supreme Treason Court.\n\nIn any case, it comes as a surprise to many that the socialists who had been largely eradicated and forced underground have finally come out of hiding to protest. Many of the more rabidly anti-socialist politicians have begun cursing the name of the syndicalists for sabotaging the current financial instability within [Root.GetNameDef] for mere political opportunism.
We'll crush those traitors once more!
The Red Guard and the Lapua Movement Clash!
Terrible news has arrived from Viipuri! Apparently, it seems as though the Lapua Movement had decided to take matters into their hands and have decided to hunt down any remaining syndicalists. It seems as though the hunt did not go as planned, however, as the Red Guard militants made an appearance.\n\nReports have described the violent fighting that broke out between the two groups, with the clash proving to be inconclusive as neither side was able to gain the upper hand. Eventually, however, the fighting died down.\n\nKing [Root.GetLeader] and the National Coalition have been very worried about the ongoing events as they have only served to further sow the seeds of dissent within the [Root.GetAdjective] population while also destabilising [Root.GetNameDef].
We must bring back order at once!
King [Root.GetLeader] Makes a Decision
Turning his attention towards recent events, most worryingly the various clashes between the Lapua Movement and the Red Guard, King [Root.GetLeader] has been deliberating with regards to allowing the Etsivä Keskuspoliisi to take a more active role in pacifying the radicals, so as to set a precedent that dissent will no longer be tolerated.\n\nMany of the hardline anti-socialists within the King's cabinet have advocated for doing so, stating that a precedent of intervention on behalf of the government is important, alongside the strengthening of the state police, lest the clashes spiral out of control into a full on revolt. On the other hand, however, moderate conservatives within the National Coalition, alongside the social democrats, have advocated for letting the situation be and have made the point that dissent within [Root.GetNameDef] is already high enough and that any government intervention could lead to ordinary citizens joining in on taking radical action. It is clear, however, that the King must make a choice, and fast, lest the current window of opportunity escape.
Send in the state police - we must set a precedent.
It's too risky - we must hope that the situation will sort itself out.
The King's Speech
In order to act as a unifying figurehead of [Root.GetNameDef] in these troubling times, King [Root.GetLeader] has turned towards giving a speech to the people in order to reconcile with certain segments of the population while also strengthening his position with supporters.\n\nGiven in the Parliament House in Helsinki, and broadcast through radio to Finns all around the nation, the King had called for a number of things during these times. Most notably, he called upon the [Root.GetAdjective] people to come together in order to ensure the stability of [Root.GetNameDef] and reject the radicalism of the far-left and far-right.\n\nJoining him were members from the National Coalition, most notably members from the more hardline anti-socialist wing of the party. Whether or not this will change anything, that much remains to be seen...
In order to act as a unifying figurehead of [Root.GetNameDef] in these troubling times, King [Root.GetLeader] has turned towards giving a speech to the people in order to reconcile with certain segments of the population while also strengthening his position with supporters.\n\nGiven in the Parliament House in Helsinki, and broadcast through radio to Finns all around the nation, the King had called for a number of things during these times. Most notably, he called upon the [Root.GetAdjective] people to come together in order to ensure the stability of [Root.GetNameDef] and reject the radicalism of the far-left and far-right.\n\nJoining him were members from the National Coalition, most notably members from the moderate conservatives, and members of the Social Democratic Party, who helped bolster the King's message of unity. Whether or not this will change anything, that much remains to be seen...
He has bought the country needed time.
Wallenius Rallies the White Guard
Kurt Martti Wallenius, leader of the fringe Lapua Movement, has taken the opportunity to rally members of the White Guard, many of whom have turned to throwing their support behind the party in order to achieve true independence for Finland and the [Root.GetAdjective] people.\n\nIn Helsinki, members of the White Guard assembled in front of the elite Jägers in a demonstration of power and a show of solidarity. Both sides stood their ground for a long time, yet no fighting took place.\n\nWhile King [Root.GetLeader] let out a sigh of relief upon hearing the positive news of a lack of fighting, many politicians and loyal military advisors have become worried as they feel that this may be the beginning of a brewing storm...
We must remain calm in the face of adversity.
Workers on Strike!
Due to the effects of Black Monday on [Root.GetNameDef], [Root.GetAdjective] workers have seen prices rise, wages sharply decrease, and rising unemployment. This has, of course, lead to an issue in which many [Root.GetAdjective] workers have found it difficult to make ends meet. A general sense of rising impatience and helplessness has risen amongst the workers, who have now taken it upon themselves to seize the opportunity and exploit the current instability to demand greater wages and better working conditions.
We have no choice but to give in.
We shall not concede!
The Lapua Movement's Foiled Plot!
Apparently King [Root.GetLeader]'s decision to send the state police to disrupt any sort of potential plots against [Root.GetNameDef], which had faced much opposition from the moderate conservatives and the social democrats, has worked out in his favour. A plot by the Lapua Movement to create mass instability throughout [Root.GetNameDef] and seize power, thereby proclaiming an independent [Root.GetAdjective] nation, was recently foiled by the state.\n\nKurt Martti Wallenius, known leader of the Lapua Movement, was arrested and the party itself forced to disband. Many prominent leaders, who were able to avoid retribution, have went into hiding. Amongst them was Vilho Annala, who has seen fit to create a similar party to the Lapua Movement, the Patriotic People's Movement.
Hopefully we've rid ourselves of this plague forever.
The Socialists Forced Underground
Following the raid, disruption, and capture of the prominent far-right ultranationalist Lapua Movement and its activities, the state police have also managed to disrupt the activities of the Red Guard and the exiled People's Delegation. While Otto Wille Kuusinen, leader of the Red Guard, was able to avoid capture by the secret police and is still on the hunt, the Red Guard itself has been disbanded, with many of its former members forced to go underground. As for the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation, many of their members, amongst them prominent socialists who had caused much trouble for [Root.GetNameDef] were also arrested. It seems as though the head of the socialist snake has, once more, been cut off.
Wonderful news!
The Lapua Movement Marches on Parliament!
Having consolidated enough power over the years, the Lapua Movement has seen fit to march on parliament and have advanced towards Helsinki. Currently clashing with the Jägers, the White Guard who have chosen to join the Lapua Movement seem to be gaining the upper hand against the dwindling number of elite light infantry. King [Root.GetLeader] and the rest of the democratic parties are extremely worried about these turn of events. Indeed, General Kurt Martti Wallenius, who is overseeing the current battle, has continually decried the, ‘[GER.GetAdjective] encroachment upon Finland' in an attempt to boost the morale of the men under his command. And while it seems the Lapua Movement will emerge victorious, the chance of a victory for the National Coalition is still plausible...
The Lapua Movement takes power!
The Red Guard arrives and fights the Lapua Movement!
The Jägers push back the White Guard!
The Lapua Movement Purges the Socialists and the Monarchy
Following the victory and assumption of power by the Lapua Movement alongside the loss of the National Coalition, the Lapua Movement have already begun imprisoning known monarchists, Jäger troops, and members of the Red Guard and [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation.\n\nAlready, with the support of a substantial part of the population, the new regime has begun to assert its power. Warning all who dare to oppose the new direction currently being taken by [Root.GetName], and imprisoning those who are deemed as traitors and those who resist. Whatever happens next, the future of [Root.GetName] is one of uncertainty...
We shall lead [Root.GetName] to greatness!
The Lapua Movement and the Red Guard Clash!
With the Red Guard arriving and beginning to clash with members of the Lapua Movement, it seems as though the fight is not yet over. Despite managing to defeat the Jägers, the White Guard have yet to face the Red Guard, who have begun to fiercely fight in the name of an independent, yet socialist, Finland.\n\nIn addition, Field Marshal Carl Gustaf Mannerheim has also made a plea to the White Guard to abandon the Lapua Movement in favour of a more moderate, and stable, Finland which will secure democracy.\n\nThe issue of many competing factions, whether or not the socialists will take power, or if the White Guard will turn to supporting Mannerheim is one of great concern to the [Root.GetAdjective] people, who are anxiously waiting to see what may come of this turn of events...
The [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation takes power!
The Lapua Movement takes power!
Mannerheim successfully rallies the White Guard!
Mannerheim fails to rally the White Guard!
King [Root.GetLeader] Purges the Socialists and Nationalists
Following the victory and consolidation of power by the National Coalition alongside the loss of the Lapua Movement, the National Coalition have already begun imprisoning known nationalists and members of the Red Guard and [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation.\n\nAlready, with the support of a powerful minority of the population, the monarchy has begun to assert its power. Warning all who dare to oppose the new direction currently being taken by [Root.GetNameDef], and imprisoning those who are deemed as traitors and those who resist. Whatever happens next, the future of [Root.GetNameDef] is one of uncertainty...
We shall retain [Root.GetNameDef]'s greatness!
The Red Guard Purges the Nationalists and the Monarchy
Following the victory and assumption of power by the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation alongside the loss of the National Coalition and the Lapua Movement, the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation have already begun imprisoning known monarchists, Jäger troops, and members of the Lapua Movement.\n\nAlready, with the support of a good portion of the population, the new regime has begun to assert its power. Warning all who dare to oppose the new direction currently being taken by [Root.GetName], and imprisoning those who are deemed as traitors and those who resist. Whatever happens next, the future of [Root.GetName] is one of uncertainty...
We shall lead [Root.GetName] to greatness!
Mannerheim Successfully Rallies the White Guard!
It seems as though Mannerheim, in his plea to the White Guard, was successful in rallying the White Guard to his side.\n\nOrdering the high ranking members of the Lapua Movement, amongst them Kurt Martti Wallenius, alongside traitorous White Guard members to be taken out, Mannerheim then began to turn his attention to the Red Guard.\n\nFighting between the two groups, both voluntary militias, has come to a head. At this point in time, the fighting between the White Guard and the Red Guard is anybody's guess, and all the [Root.GetAdjective] people can do is hold their breath, waiting to see the victor of the clash...
The [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation takes power!
Mannerheim's White Guard emerge victorious!
The Red Guard Purges the White Guard and the Monarchy
Following the victory and assumption of power by the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation alongside the loss of the National Coalition and the Lapua Movement, the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation have already begun imprisoning known monarchists, Jäger troops, and members of the White Guard.\n\nAlready, with the support of a good portion of the population, the new regime has begun to assert its power. Warning all who dare to oppose the new direction currently being taken by [Root.GetName], and imprisoning those who are deemed as traitors and those who resist. Whatever happens next, the future of [Root.GetName] is one of uncertainty...
We shall lead [Root.GetName] to greatness!
Mannerheim's Decision
Managing to take out the radical militias out swiftly, Mannerheim soon began his consolidation of power, proclaiming a victory for the [Root.GetAdjective] people and the stability of the [Root.GetAdjective] nation.\n\nMannerheim, known universally throughout Finland as the saviour of the nation, has the backing of a substantial majority of the [Root.GetAdjective] population, who are in favour of his policy of fostering stability in an independent Finland.\n\nThe question of what should be done remains, however, with infighting rife in the [Root.GetAdjective] parliament. While many of the politicians support the immediate restoration of democracy in [Root.GetName], military leaders within Mannerheim's Clique are in favour of bringing about stability under the field marshal. The choice, however, rests solely on Mannerheim's shoulders...
Mannerheim holds on to power!
Mannerheim relinquishes power to the parties!
The [Root.GetAdjective] Snap Elections
The [GetYear] [Root.GetAdjective] snap elections have been called by the various parties within parliament. As it stands, there are three primary contenders challenging for the leadership of [Root.GetName]. The Social Democratic Party of [Root.GetName], who espouse policies in favour of the workers, the Agrarian League, who espouse policies in favour of the farmers, and the National Coalition, who espouse policies in favour of the power of [Root.GetName].\n\nHowever, the social democrats and agrarians have expressed willingness to form a coalition together in order to promote the stability and preservation of democracy within [Root.GetName].\n\nWhatever choice the [Root.GetAdjective] people choose, this will be a momentous occasion, for the [Root.GetAdjective] people, now independent after years of struggling under the [GER.GetAdjective] heel, get to decide who will lead [Root.GetName].
The Social Democratic Party is victorious!
The Social Democrats and Agrarians form a coalition!
The Agrarian League is victorious!
The National Coalition is victorious!
The Red-Earth Government
Formed as a coalition between the Social Democratic Party and the Agrarian League, the Red-Earth government, in order to promote cooperation and stability within [Root.GetName], have successfully, and peacefully, assumed power following a decisive election.\n\nThe name of the government itself is symbolic, for the ‘red' represents the social democrats while the ‘earth' represents the agrarians. While many are sure that the coalition will not hold for long and will eventually dissolve, others are remaining optimistic about [Root.GetName]'s political future.
We must retain some semblance of hope.
Defeating Radicalism
In order to ensure that another fiasco, such as the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War and the recent infighting between various factions within [Root.GetName], does not take place, the Red-Earth government has been working tirelessly in order to promote democratic ideals and foster national unity.\n\nWhile the effort is still ongoing, it seems to have borne fruit as the youth of [Root.GetAdjective] seemed less inclined towards the radical politics of some of their elders and have shown strong support for the democratic ideals championed by the government.
This will surely ensure for a brighter future!
Mending Societal Divisions
Avoiding the fiasco which occurred and had nearly torn apart [Root.GetName] is one of the biggest priorities for our more idealistic government, with said event still fresh in the minds of the [Root.GetAdjective] people. In order to circumvent this and prevent the mistakes of the past, prominent leaders from within the government have taken to meeting with moderates from both the left and the right and working to bring the [Root.GetAdjective] people together, uniting the nation as one. Whether or not the actions taken by the coalition will work, only time will tell...
We must foster unity.
The Red-Earth Government Collapses!
The Social Democrats, having made the decision to effectively dissolve the Red-Earth government and favour the workers, completely ignoring the agenda of the Agrarian League. Of the course, the agrarians have lodged formal complaints, with enough representatives pushing for the withdrawal of the party from the Red-Earth government to formally end its existence.\n\nWhile the social democrats can now say that they are working to fulfil the needs of their constituents, this does not bode well for the overarching message of cooperation between political parties, and could lead to the polarisation of [Root.GetName]'s politics in the near future...
The Agrarians, having made the decision to effectively dissolve the Red-Earth government and favour the farmers, completely ignoring the agenda of the Social Democratic Party. Of the course, the social democrats have lodged formal complaints, with enough representatives pushing for the withdrawal of the party from the Red-Earth government to formally end its existence.\n\nWhile the agrarians can now say that they are working to fulfil the needs of their constituents, this does not bode well for the overarching message of cooperation between political parties, and could lead to the polarisation of [Root.GetName]'s politics in the near future...
We have only done what was necessary.
The Preservation of the Coalition
Rather than pursuing their own agendas and effectively dissolving the coalition government, which was the expected fate of the Red-Earth government by multiple representatives (even from those within the party as well), the Social Democratic Party and Agrarian League have put aside their differences, willing to put into practice and further the policy of cooperation between [Root.GetName]'s political parties. It seems as though the Red-Earth government is here to remain.
We must put aside our petty differences.
Fulfilling our Promises
Looking to reward its supporters, the Social Democratic Party has sought to support the workers through government subsidies and improving working conditions within factories. While this has helped boost support for the party, many other parties, most notably the Agrarian League and the National Coalition Party, are complaining that the interests of their constituents are being compromised for the sake of selfishness on behalf of the Social Democratic Party.
Looking to reward its supporters, the Agrarian League has sought to support the farmers through government subsidies and preferred access to direly needed crops. While this has helped boost support for the party, many other parties, most notably the Social Democratic Party and the National Coalition Party, are complaining that the interests of their constituents are being compromised for the sake of selfishness on behalf of the Agrarian League.
We have only done what was necessary.
The Social Democratic Party
Historically known for its extremely left leaning views prior to the conclusion of the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War, the remaining members of the Social Democratic Party of [Root.GetName], coalescing under the leadership of Väinö Tanner began to move further to the right, despite maintaining its original goals, in order to appear as a more patriotic party while also remaining palatable to the average [Root.GetAdjective] voter.\n\nAs it stands, the agenda of the SDP is to further the rights of workers, regulate [Root.GetName]'s capitalist economy, and push for the continued, yet gradual, reform of the nation.
A new era for [Root.GetName] has begun!
The Agrarian League
Founded in 1906 by [Root.GetAdjective] living in rural parts of [Root.GetName], the Agrarian League have long supported the decentralisation and progression of [Root.GetName]. Today, primarily composed of farmers, the Agrarian League has always been an opponent of monarchism.\n\nAs it stands, the agenda of the Agrarians are to foster [Root.GetAdjective] independence, decentralise the current political system, and provide support for the farmers.
A new era for [Root.GetName] has begun!
[SWE.GetAdjective] Rights within [Root.GetNameDef]
One of the big questions on the minds of the [Root.GetAdjective] people and, indeed, the politicians of the Agrarian League is the extent at which [SWE.GetAdjective] rights within our nation must be maintained. While the [SWE.GetAdjective] language is most popular throughout Åland, coastal communities within southern and eastern [Root.GetName] also contain many [SWE.GetAdjective] speakers.\n\nThe question on the minds of the Agrarian League is whether or not the [SWE.GetAdjective] within [Root.GetName] should be limited as much as possible, or whether the current situation should remain as is.
The Swedo-Finns are a threat to the [Root.GetAdjective] people.
We cannot infringe upon the rights of a large portion of our population.
Freed Political Prisoners
Following the victory of the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation and their subsequent purge of reactionaries within [Root.GetName], many Finnish socialists still in exile after the civil war, or having been imprisoned by the government, have been freed and pardoned. Prominent syndicalist, Niilo Wälläri is among them, having spent the past two decades in exile. What this may hold for the future of [Root.GetName], only the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation and their allies, the Red Guard, know...
A truly joyous occasion!
The [Root.GetAdjective] Constitution
In order to properly cement their power, the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation have taken to drafting and ratifying a new constitution for [Root.GetName].\n\nAs it stands, the newly passed constitution provides for the protection of [Root.GetAdjective] democracy, greater rights for the labour movement, a better-and more efficient-method of tax collection for the government, the furthering and support of the new regime's ideological goals, and administrative restructuring in order to allow for a smoother transition to the new form of government.\n\nAlready, trade unions, now infinitely greater in terms of the power possessed, have begun to slowly take over and now make up the government. What this may hold for [Root.GetName], only the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation and their close allies know...
In order to properly cement their power, the Red Guard have taken to drafting and ratifying a new constitution for [Root.GetNameDef].\n\nAs it stands, the newly passed constitution provides for the centralisation of power in the hands of high ranking members of the guard, the complete restructuring of the [Root.GetAdjective] army and officer corps, the declaration of [Root.GetNameDef] as an atheist state, and the complete nationalisation of any industries deemed necessary for the survival of the nation.\n\nAlready, the militias, now infinitely greater in terms of the power possessed, have begun to slowly take over and now make up the army, effectively making up the backbone of the government. What this may hold for [Root.GetNameDef], only the Red Guard and their close allies know...
It seems Finland is entering a new era.
The [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation
A governmental body comprised of a certain portion of the electorate of the Social Democratic Party, the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation had taken power during the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War, believing itself to be the legitimate successor of [Root.GetName]. Led by syndicalist and trade union organiser Niilo Wälläri, the Delegation itself was very ambitious in its goals and aimed to empower the labour movement alongside the creation of a new constitution for [Root.GetName].\n\nMany of the Delegation's members were either purged, imprisoned, or forced underground by the anti-syndicalist National Coalition Party led by the former King Fredrik I. The [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation, forging yet another alliance with Otto Wille Kuusinen's Red Guard, vowed to take back power and set [Root.GetName] on its rightful path.\n\nNow in a position of power, the Delegation is prepared to enact its directives, which even includes the complete removal of the dangerous Red Guards, and set [Root.GetName] on a new path...
We must stand firm in the face of opposition.
Weakening the Red Guard
Even before we can attempt to disband the unruly and destructive Red Guard, we must take to weakening them in any way we can. This includes slowly reducing gun shipments, blocking there agenda through legislative means, and setting up prominent leaders within the movement to take the fall. Most importantly, however, we must target their members and, though the use of subtle propaganda, convince them to leave the organisation.\n\nHowever Otto Wille Kuusinen is a smart man, having been able to avoid capture, unlike Niilo Wälläri. We must tread lightly, and hope that the Red Guard does not notice our attempts at weakening them...
Slowly, but surely, we're weakening the Red Guard.
The Red Guard has caught on!
Showdown with the Red Guard
By now, all pretences of any sort of covert operations against the Red Guard have been done away with, following the Red Guard's discovery of our attempts to weaken them. A showdown between the Delegation and the Red Guard is under way, with the Red Guard quickly approaching in an attempt to storm parliament and declare the creation of a new [Root.GetAdjective] state. We must depend on the people to save us from the radicalism of the Red Guard, and allow for the continuation of a peaceful [Root.GetAdjective] state.
The people have sided with us, ousting the Red Guard!
The Red Guard has seized power!
Disbanding the Red Guard
Due to our success at weakening the Red Guard, it seems as though completely disbanding the militia should be rather easy. However, we still run the risk of revolutionaries and more hardline members taking over parliament and declaring the creation of a new state. However, due to our propaganda efforts, we should have enough people on our side to resist and completely disband the destructive organisation once and for all.
The Red Guard has been disbanded!
The Red Guard has seized power!
The Red Guard
Paramilitary units of the [Root.GetAdjective] labour movement, the Red Guard were initially founded in 1905, and re-established in 1917 following the October Revolution in Russia.\n\nServing as the army of Red Finland, the Red Guards were known to many within Finland to be an aggressive revolutionary army, willing to do anything to push their ideology. This had put them at odds with the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation, who wished to control the increasingly radicalised paramilitary units.\n\nHowever, neither of the sides within the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War were able to make a move as, in 1918, the combined White Guard and [GER.GetAdjective] forces were able to defeat the socialists and assume control of the nation.\n\nForced with no other option, those who belonged to the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation and the Red Guard, and who were not arrested, were forced to flee to Bolshevik Russia.\n\nAfter the formal surrender by the Bolsheviks in 1920, the Red Guard and the [Root.GetAdjective] People's Delegation were forced to relocate to Finland, hiding underground. Now led by Otto Wille Kuusinen, the Red Guard forged yet another alliance with the Delegation, promising to take power and bring socialism to Finland.
We shall bring greatness to Finland!
The Question of the Military High Command
The question of the military high command has been a very prevalent discussion between various members of the Lapua Movement. As the issue of the remnants of the [GER.GetAdjective] presence in [Root.GetName] and its eventual removal has always been a goal of the Lapua Movement, it is only natural, to many, that members of the military high command who had served in the Royal Prussian 27th Jäger Battalion should be removed from their positions within the military. However, Kurt Martti Wallenius, who himself had been a part of the battalion, is not a supporter of such a purge and argues that getting rid of the military's best men would only weaken the state of the [Root.GetAdjective] Army.\n\nWith this in mind, the best course of action would be to...
Purge any and all Jägers!
Allow the men to remain in power.
[FIN.GetName] has Remilitarised the Åland Islands!
It seems as though the nationalist [FIN.GetAdjective] has done what we'd feared: namely, the remilitarisation of the Åland Islands. The former government had, with the mediation of [GER.GetNameDef], agreed to respect the rights of the [Root.GetName] citizens in the area. Unfortunately, the Lapua Movement have reneged on that promise, remilitarising the island and silencing any dissent.\n\nWhile many of our more nationalist citizens are clamouring for us to declare war on [FIN.GetName] and take by the islands by military force, moderate politicians argue that we should use diplomacy to take back the islands. What should we do?
Declare war!
Diplomatic pressure would be preferable.
[SWE.GetName] Demands the Åland Islands
The [SWE.GetAdjective] government have seen fit to lodge a diplomatic protest with regards to our remilitarisation of the Åland Islands, demanding we return the islands, which are populated by Swedes, and allow for its inhabitants to reunite with their [Root.GetAdjective] brethren.
What a laughable proposition.
The National Coalition
Despite having been dominated by the ethnically [GER.GetAdjective] King Fredrik I and the more conservative wing of the National Coalition for most of [Root.GetName]'s history, the National Coalition has also had within it members who belong to a more moderately conservative ilk.\n\nLed by Pehr Evind Svinhufvud, who himself is not unwilling to take advantage of the republican atmosphere within [Root.GetName], despite having pleaded with the [GER.GetAdjective]s for aid during the [Root.GetAdjective] Civil War. Svinhufvud, who himself is an ardent supporter of the White Guard, yet also resists the radical Lapua Movement and [Root.GetAdjective] Delegation, has promised to restore peace and order within [Root.GetName], while also ensuring that sovereignty is maintained.\n\nUnder Svinhufvud's directive, the National Coalition wishes to empower the office of presidency while also preserving the systems put in place.
We cannot abandon our traditions!
The Citizens of Åland React!
The citizens of Åland, having bore the brunt of our new changes, are clearly dissatisfied with the government choosing [Root.GetAdjective] as the sole language of [Root.GetName]. This has, unfortunately, had the side effect of already hurting our already strained relationship with Åland, whose citizens ultimately wish to join [SWE.GetNameDef].
They'll just have to suck it up.
The National Coalition
Comprised of hardline anti-syndicalists, theocrats, monarchists, and extreme conservatives, the extreme wing of the National Coalition, led by King [Root.GetLeader], has been in power since the creation of [Root.GetNameDef] and its independence, largely backed by [GER.GetNameDef].\n\nDespite having lost the support of large amounts of the [Root.GetAdjective] populace due to the desire for true freedom, the National Coalition have, once again, managed to prove that they can hold on to power and are free to carry out their directives.\n\nAs it stands, the overarching goal of the National Coalition is to maintain historical and economic ties with [GER.GetName], rally the [Root.GetAdjective] people around the King, act as a conservative bulwark so as to prevent any more political instability within the nation, and work towards rewarding loyal supporters.
Interesting...
King [Root.GetLeader] Calls for Unity
Holding an official speech in front of the Parliament House, King [Root.GetLeader], in this time of post-crisis and widespread uncertainty, has chosen to appeal to the [Root.GetAdjective] people, hoping to change their perception of him. Rather than being perceived as a [GER.GetAdjective] puppet, the King wishes to act as a unifier for all Finns, and has done so through an impassioned speech.\n\nTouching upon the recent events and political instability, the King has called for the support of the people and has laid out his plan to make [Root.GetNameDef] a more stable and prosperous place for the [Root.GetAdjective] citizenry, stating that he will do everything in his power to make such a world a reality. And while the speech was not met with roaring applause from the still-hesitant and uncertain [Root.GetAdjective] populace, it has won the King a few supporters and has brought him some time.
That's probably the best we could've hoped for...
Expanding the State Police
It is clear that we must take to expanding the role of the State Police, so as to allow the detection of activities deemed as stirring up dissent and, hopefully, end such activities before they can take hold on the nation and gain widespread influence amongst the people.\n\nAs such, King [Root.GetLeader] has seen fit to increase the budget and powers of the State Police while also delegating day to day matters to intelligence ministers within his cabinet. The increase in funding has allowed for the investigation office of the State Police to employ a greater amount of employees while also allowing them to test out new methods to deal with any sort of dissidents and protect [Root.GetNameDef]'s internal security. This has, of course, not been popular with large segments of the population, who view the measure as both excessive and totalitarian...
It is for the greater good.
The Constitution of [Root.GetName]
Working tirelessly with several former and current government officials, legal and constitutional experts, and members of his inner circle, Mannerheim has been working on the creation for a new [Root.GetAdjective] constitution, so as to lay the foundation for a solid and stable [Root.GetName].\n\nIncluded in the constitution is the strengthening of parliament as the strongest organ of the government, the official abolition of the monarchy, provisions regarding human rights, justice, international relations, and the administration of the nation.\n\nWith so many experts having written the constitution, and the [Root.GetAdjective] people in favour of legitimising [Root.GetName]'s newfound status in the world, it is no surprise that, earlier today, the constitution passed with flying colours, with parliament unanimously ratifying it. It's effects, however, remain to be seen...
Wonderful!
[FIN.GetName] Pursues Ties
In order to garner worldwide support for their newfound independence, it seems as though the [FIN.GetAdjective] government under [FIN.GetLeader] has pushed for establishing ties with our nation. Having sent diplomats on behalf of the [FIN.GetAdjective] state and petitioning us to recognise the new government, it seems as though, ultimately, the choice is up to us with regards to how this situation should be approached.
We shall formally recognise the [FIN.GetAdjective] state.
We shall decline to recognise the [FIN.GetAdjective] state.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed!
Thankfully, [FROM.GetNameDef] has been kind enough to recognise our nation and we have already begun to open up diplomatic channels so as to formally establish ties.
Wonderful!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Declined!
It seems as though [FROM.GetNameDef] has snubbed us, refusing to establish formal ties with our nation, least of all recognise [Root.GetAdjective] statehood.
Damn them!
Ending the Fight?
Seeing as we have accomplished all our objectives in Sweden, having captured Tornedalen, perhaps it is time we petition them for a white peace.
Yes - it is time we end the fight.
No - we shall continue until we can claim total victory!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wishes for Peace
The [From.GetAdjective] have expressed their willingness to formally sign a treaty and declare peace between our two nations, provided we recognise their territorial gains. What say we?
Yes - we can no longer continue the fight.
No - We shall never surrender!
[From.GetNameDefCap] is Continuing the Fight
Foolishly enough, it seems as though the [From.GetAdjective] are intent on continuing the fight.
So be it.
Ending the Fight?
Seeing as we have accomplished all our objectives in Norway, having captured Finnmark, perhaps it is time we petition them for a white peace.
Yes - it is time we end the fight.
No - we shall continue until we can claim total victory!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wishes for Peace
The [From.GetAdjective] have expressed their willingness to formally sign a treaty and declare peace between our two nations, provided we recognise their territorial gains. What say we?
Yes - we can no longer continue the fight.
No - we shall continue until we can claim total victory!
[From.GetNameDefCap] is Continuing the Fight
Foolishly enough, it seems as though the [From.GetAdjective]s are intent on continuing the fight.
So be it.
Ending the Fight?
We've taken control of all core [Root.GetAdjective] lands in Russia, but the fight rages on. Perhaps we should offer the battered Russians peace in exchange for recognition of Finnish sovereignty over these newly acquired lands.
Yes - it is time we end the fight.
No - we shall continue until we can claim total victory!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Wishes for Peace
The [From.GetAdjective] have expressed their willingness to formally sign a treaty and declare peace between our two nations, provided we recognise their territorial gains. What say we?
Yes - we can no longer continue the fight.
No - we shall continue until we can claim total victory!
[From.GetNameDefCap] is Continuing the Fight
Foolishly enough, it seems as though the [From.GetAdjective]s are intent on continuing the fight.
So be it.
Finland Petitions to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Finland has been watching the formation of the [ROOT.GetFactionName], and sees merit in joining the alliance for our joint defence and to deter hostile nations that do not subscribe to our common values from meddling with the region.
Another Nordic nation joins the group!
They would merely be a burden to protect.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Accepted Our Proposal
We have received word from our embassy that the [From.GetAdjective] governments has accepted our petition to join the Nordic Council in favour of our joint defence!
We stand together against tyranny!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Us
The [From.GetAdjective] government sees nothing in our proposal to stand together in alliance. It seems that we are on our own.
We shall have to defend ourselves then!
Finland Seeks Protection
The socialist government of Finland has petitioned us expressing their desire to join the struggle for the world revolution. Shall we crush the bourgeoisie together with the Finnish worker?
Of Course!
What do they think this is? The Finnternationale?!
The Eastern Front of the Internationale
Though we have managed to protect the revolution at home, as the world enters crisis after crisis, we remain far from our allies in the West. However, this does not mean we are alone in the East. Now, [RUS.GetNameDef] has embraced the revolutionary cause and stands as the largest Socialist nation in the world. It may be wise to draw closer to nearby [RUS.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], lest [INT.GetNameDef] proves to far off to support us.
We shall join them.
We'd rather join [INT.GetNameDef].
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts!
We have received word from the [FROM.GetAdjective] government that we are welcome in the struggle against the forces of reaction and the dark forces of financial capitalism. Together we shall crush the bourgeois pigdogs!
Hurrah!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Us!
The [From.GetAdjective] government has let us know that we are not welcome on the battlefield against the forces of reaction. Apparently they consider us just another front that will not be held.
Curse those traitors!
Finland Wants to Join the Federation
The Finnish government has been watching the development of our union of Nordic nations with keen interest. Today we have received their formal application to join the federation as a constituent state.
Another Nordic nation joins the herd!
We are a Germanic Federation and we intend to keep it that way!
Our Application Was Rejected!
We have received word from Göteborg that our application to join the Nordic Federation has been rejected. It appears that the member states have rejected letting in our nation on the grounds that we are not of Germanic culture like them.
When can we have Lappland before it ruins their Germanic Purity?!
The Death of Fredrik Kaarle I
Our beloved king, Fredrik Kaarle I of Finland, has passed away as a result of an infection on a wound from the first Weltkrieg at age 72, leaving the Finnish throne vacant. In his place his second eldest surviving son prince Wolfgang shall rise to the throne, taking on the regnal name Väinö I at his coronation in the Helsinki Cathedral, where the Finnish crown will for the first time be worn by someone other than his father, as had been agreed upon in 1919 when he came along with his father as crown prince of Finland in the stead of his elder brother prince Philipp, who remained in Germany.
The king is dead! Long live the king!
Finland Wishes to Rejoin the Reichspakt
With the rise of tensions around Europe, but most importantly, a resurgence of Russia, Finland has come back asking to be allow to rejoin our alliance, as both of us have interest in keeping the Russian menace contained.
Welcome back!
We have no need of the Finns.
Germany Rejects Us
The Germans have refused to renew our alliance in the Reichspakt! This is extremely unexpected and worrying.
What's going on in Berlin, anyway?
Germany Renews Our Alliance
The German Foreign Office, seeing our potential as a great ally in the fight against Russia, has re-extended the hand of friendship to our nation. We are part of the Reichspakt once more.
Our security is assured.
Fall of the Kingdom of Finland
Founded in the ashes of the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Finland had remained since the end of the Great War a nation thoroughly entrenched in the German sphere. It appears now though that this was not meant to last. In the wake of Black Monday, the Finnish government was thrown into crisis as political violence spiralled out of control. Unable to maintain order, the regime finally collapsed.\n\nThe ultranationalist Lapua Movement under Kurt Martti Wallenius, now leader of the Republic of Finland, marched on Helsinki, seizing power and unleashing a wave of violence against monarchists and socialists alike. Authoritarian, corporatist, and virulently anti-German, the movement no doubt represents a violent break with the old order.
Founded in the ashes of the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Finland had remained since the end of the Great War a nation thoroughly entrenched in the German sphere. It appears now though that this was not meant to last. In the wake of Black Monday, the Finnish government was thrown into crisis as political violence spiralled out of control. Unable to maintain order, the regime finally collapsed.\n\nAfter days of intense fighting in Helsinki, the syndicalist Finnish People's Delegation and the Red Guard paramilitary were able to triumph over the nationalist groups and government forces, seizing power and declaring a republic. The new socialist regime has cut all ties to Mitteleuropa, already looking towards Paris for a new benefactor.
Founded in the ashes of the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Finland had remained since the end of the Great War a nation thoroughly entrenched in the German sphere. It appears now though that this was not meant to last. In the wake of Black Monday, the Finnish government was thrown into crisis as political violence spiralled out of control. Unable to maintain order, the regime finally collapsed.\n\nUnder the leadership of the well-respected Field Marshal, Carl Gustaf Mannerheim, the White Guard was rallied to overthrow the monarchy and defeat socialist and ultranationalist militias, expelling German influence in the process. Now that the marshal has emerged victorious, he has stated his intent to hold onto power until Finland can be fully stabilised.
Founded in the ashes of the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Finland had remained since the end of the Great War a nation thoroughly entrenched in the German sphere. It appears now though that this was not meant to last. In the wake of Black Monday, the Finnish government was thrown into crisis as political violence spiralled out of control. Unable to maintain order, the regime finally collapsed.\n\nUnder the leadership of the well-respected Field Marshal, Carl Gustaf Mannerheim, the White Guard was rallied to overthrow the monarchy and defeat socialist and ultranationalist militias, expelling German influence in the process. Now that the marshal has emerged victorious, he has decided to relinquish power to the political parties, restoring democracy.
Those fools!
Reactionary bickering.
Another blow to German influence.
Free at last!
Excellent!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Seeks Autonomy Within the [Root.GetFactionName]
During the Second Weltkrieg, the mere idea of members of the Reichspakt abandoning their responsibilities to protect Germany and Europe against syndicalism and Russian expansionism was seen as nothing more than traitorous. However, in the aftermath of the war, with our victory over the greatest threat east of the Dnieper now secured, such an idea has moved from the fringes of our allied nations' opposition, to the annals of their governments. However, what comes as a great surprise to Berlin is who seeks to be free from Germany today - Finland.\n\nIn spite of our nations' amicable relationship, one which has been strengthened through the rule of King [From.GetLeader], Wilhelm II's
the Kingdom of Finland now sees our \
$finland_events.140.d.start$ brother-in-law, $finland_events.140.d.end$
$finland_events.140.d.start$ nephew, $finland_events.140.d.end$
They have done their duty, allow them their independence.
We may need them at hand for the next war.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Grants Us Diplomatic Autonomy
Thanks to our efforts, as well as the support of key sympathetic members in the German Reichstag, Finland now stands independent. With our duties complete and the war in the east finally over, many Finnish veterans greet the news warmly, knowing that their efforts have assured that the next generation will find peace in the land their forefathers fought valiantly to protect.\n\nToday, a military parade was held in Helsinki. German soldiers performed a military march in the Senaatintori (Senate Square), with King [Root.GetLeader] in attendance. Once the formalities were complete, the King gave a short speech for his German compatriots:\n\n\
For a generation of peace for Finland!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Denies Our Autonomy Within the Reichspakt
Two Weltkriegs have defined two generations of Finns. In the First Weltkrieg, the Finnish people would take a risk to achieve independence. In the Second Weltkrieg, the sons of those veterans would fight for what their fathers gave everything for. Both times, Finland has survived. And both times, Germany stood by Finland.\n\nBecause of this - along with the risk of a new war looming over Europe - the German Reichstag has denied us our diplomatic autonomy. The veterans of the Second Weltkrieg and, soon, their sons will stand side by side with their German brothers-in-arms for the foreseeable future. For Berlin, the risk of war demands a strong and unified Europe. For Finland and her people, however, all this means is that peace, true peace, may not be found. The threat of war may forever loom over Finland, and another generation of Finns may have to die once more—perhaps not even on Finnish land itself.\n\nKing [Root.GetLeader] sat with the Päämaja (Defence Command), preparing future defense plans. Garrisons in Lappland. Border guards on the east and west. Coast guard along the cities. Minelaying routes along the coast. Expeditionary forces to Germany. Convoy routes for troops abroad. A strenuous chain of responsibilities for both Finland and the whole of Europe. [Root.GetLeader] wondered if the Finnish people were truly happy. 
To another generation of war.
Outokumpu
Tampella
Pohjolan Voima
Nokia
Valtionrautatiet
Valtion Panssaritehdas
Crichton-Vulcan
Valtion Lentokonetehdas
Valtion Kivääritehdas
Valtion Tykkitehdas
Sisu Auto
Recycled Materials
Yhteissisu's Modern Premises
Salvaged and Retooled
Repurposed Equipment
Oy Tikkakoski
Andros Engines
Rapid Raiders
Deep Sea Raiders
Wärtsilä Engine Production
Modernisation Programme
Sisu
Sisu is the uniquely Finnish expression for the resilience of the nation's people. Finland has faced harsh odds and will do so again.
Mounting Dissent
The Finnish people have been witness to the rapid German influence that has proliferated throughout the nation ever since the establishment of the Kingdom of Finland in 1918 following the victory of the White Guard in the Civil War. This influence can be seen in the form of treaties, German companies in the private sector, German-made weaponry, and the king himself, who is of German descent. As a result, the Finnish people have slowly begun to resent the increasingly tightening grip the German juggernaut has had on the kingdom, resulting in dissent which threatens to boil over at any moment.
Labour Strikes
Finnish Sovereignty
Favouring the Workers
Favouring the Farmers
Confederation of Finnish Trade Unions
Preserving the Coalition
Mixed Economy
Socialist Constitution
Socialist Constitution
Weakened the Red Guard
Red Guard Disbanded
Empower the Labour Movement
Tax Collection
Second Red Terror
Centralised Power
Elected Officers
Seizure of Assets
Political Protests
Funding the Sinimustat
Military Purges
Irredentism
The Clergy
Corporatist Economics
Educating the Citizenry
Economic Liberalism
Expanded State Police
The White Guard
The Red Cross
Progressive Taxation
Republican Constitution
The Grain Issue
Black Monday
$FIN_relief_fortification_work$
$FIN_road_building_programme$
Nationalised Banking System
Oy Alkoholiliike
Suomen Maavoimat
Suomen Ilmavoimat
Suomen Merivoimat
Industrial Modernisation
Merchant Marine
Joint German-Finnish Naval Projects
The Red Guard has been weakened
The Red Guard stands strong
Another Black Monday measure is currently ongoing
§GThe social democrats, agrarians, or a coalition government must be in power for this focus to fire§!.
§RThe socialists must be in power for this focus to fire§!.
§RThe Lapua Movement must be in power for this focus to fire§!.
§YThe National Coalition must be in power for this focus to fire§!.
§YMannerheim must be in power for this focus to fire§!.
§RWe shall attempt to disband the Red Guard§!.
§YWe have decided to side with the workers§!.
§YWe have decided to side with the farmers§!.
[FIN_GetMaavoimatCustomModifierTooltip]
[tech_strengthened_support_companies_effect][tech_extensive_reconnaissance_effect][tech_anti_armour_tactics_effect]
[tech_strengthened_support_companies_effect][tech_extensive_reconnaissance_effect]
[tech_strengthened_support_companies_effect][tech_anti_armour_tactics_effect]
[tech_extensive_reconnaissance_effect][tech_anti_armour_tactics_effect]
[FIN_GetMerivoimatCustomModifierTooltip]
§Y$screen_ship$§!: £GFX_production_cost  Production Cost:  [?-0.1|=-%]
§CCompletion of this focus increases the effects granted by the focus §Y$FIN_expand_export_fleets$§!§!.
§CCompletion of the focus §Y$FIN_expand_andree_rosenqvist$§! will increase the effect of this focus to:§!
§CCompletion of the focus §Y$FIN_baltic_naval_bases$§! will increase the effect of this focus to:§!
§CCompletion of the focus §Y$FIN_expand_crichton_vulcan$§! will increase the effect of this focus to:§!
§CCompletion of the foci §Y$FIN_baltic_naval_bases$§! and §Y$FIN_expand_crichton_vulcan$§! will each increase the effect of this focus to a maximum of:§!
§CCompletion of the foci §Y$FIN_expand_andree_rosenqvist$§! and §Y$FIN_expand_crichton_vulcan$§! will each increase the effect of this focus to a maximum of:§!
§CCompletion of the foci §Y$FIN_expand_andree_rosenqvist$§!, §Y$FIN_baltic_naval_bases$§! and §Y$FIN_expand_crichton_vulcan$§! will each increase the effect of this focus to a maximum of:§!
Karelian Fortifications
Curtailed Swedish Rights
Left the Finnish-Swedes Alone
Eroded Ties
Irredentism
Snubbed Us
Recognised Our Independence
Refused to Recognise Our Independence
Request Further Independence
Not alone do we share the laurels of victory with our German allies, but also the origins of our monarchy, and our steadfast defence against the far left. Now with Russia defeated, it is the time to stand with the German Empire are equals, not subjects.
Join the [FROM.GetFactionName]
The [FROM.GetFactionName] was founded by the democracies of Denmark, Norway and Sweden to deter outside powers from invading the region. Since we share a desire to keep foreign actors like Russia outside of the Scandinavian region, should we apply to join the alliance?
Apply to join the Nordic Federation
Our Danish, Norwegian and Swedish comrades have joined in federation with one another. As a fellow Nordic country, we may apply to join the federation at any time, although this will entail giving up some of our sovereignty.
Rejoin the Reichspakt
With a resurgence of Russian power, us alone cannot defend from them. So despite our recent fall off with the Germans, we should rejoin their alliance as even with their falling hegemony, they are our best bet for survival.
Join the Third Internationale
The Finnish worker has liberated itself, but our enemies are many and millions if not billions of workers are still sweating under reactionary capitalist oppression. We should join the international struggle for their sake!
Black Monday Reaches Finland
Relief Fortification Work
Road Building Programme
Forgive Farmer Debts
Seek New Markets
Inflation Control Measures
Greater Finland
Reassert the Eastern Claims
Claim the White Sea
Finland
Finnish
Finland
Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
the Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
the Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
the Finnish Socialist Workers' Republic
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
Kingdom of Finland
the Kingdom of Finland
National Republic of Finland
the National Republic of Finland
Otto Wille Kuusinen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1881, in Laukaa, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Niilo Wälläri
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1897, in Punkalaidun, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Oskari Tokoi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1873, in Kannus, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Väinö Tanner
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1881, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Kyösti Kallio
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1873, in Ylivieska, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Heikki Ritavuori
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1880, in Turku, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Pehr Evind Svinhufvud
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1861, in Sääksmäki, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Carl Gustaf Mannerheim
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1867, in Askainen, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Juho Kusti Paasikivi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1870, in Koski, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Friedrich Karl von Hessen-Kassel
Fredrik Kaarle
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1868, in Panker Castle, Plön, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Kingdom of Prussia, North German Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFriedrich Karl von Hessen-Kassel, Kaiser Wilhelm's brother-in-law, was elected King of Finland by the Finnish parliament on 9 October 1918 and arrived with his son prince Wolfgang as future crown prince in 1919. He has proven to be a stern, silent man, who directs the country with a firm hand alongside his supporters in the National Coalition Party.\n\nIn more recent years however, the Finnish King of German heritage has increasingly developed into a symbol of German influence in Finland and despite his best attempts, his popularity that had been growing in the wake of reconstructing the country has waned beyond loyalists of the National Coalition.§!
Wolfgang von Hessen-Kassel
Väinö I
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1896, in Castle Rumpenheim, Offenbach am Main, Province of Starkenburg, Grand Duchy of Hesse, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIf Prince Wolfgang's late father was solemn and distant, his son has done his best to truly integrate into the Finnish high society. He has served in the Finnish army, married a Finnish noblewoman and paid much attention to Finland's economic and cultural life. All this has prepared him to be a well-liked King, perhaps capable of truly solidifying Finland as a monarchy.§!
Kurt Martti Wallenius
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 25th, 1893, in Kuopio, Kuopio Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Vilho Annala
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1888, in Lapua, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Erik Heinrichs
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 21st, 1890, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Lauri Malmberg
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1888, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Karl Lennart Oesch
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1892, in Pyhäjärvi, Vyborg Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Aksel Airo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1898, in Turku, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Aaro Pajari
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 17th, 1897, in Asikkala, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Wiljo Tuompo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1893, in Pornainen, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Ruben Lagus
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1896, in Koski, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Vilho Nenonen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1883, in Kuopio, Kuopio Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Paavo Talvela
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1897, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Paul von Gerich
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1873, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Hjalmar Siilasvuo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1892, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Niilo Hersalo
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1895, in Hollola, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Harald Öhquist
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1891, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Hugo Österman
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1892, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Aarne Sihvo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1889, in Virolahti, Vyborg Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Väinö Valve
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1895, in Lappeenranta, Vyborg Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Eero Rahola
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1897, in Mänttä, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Svante Sundman
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1895, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Tuomas Hyrskymurto
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1881, in Turku, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Adolf Taimi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1881, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Karl-August Fagerholm
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1901, in Siuntio, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Juho Sunila
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1875, in Liminka, Uleaborg Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Aimo Cajander
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1879, in Uusikaupunki, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Edwin Flinck
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1894, in Vyborg, Vyborg Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Bruno Salmiala
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 24th, 1890, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Johan Henrik Lumivuokko
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1884, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
August Wesley
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1887, in Tampere, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Edward Gylling
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1881, in Kuopio, Kuopio Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Hella Wuolijoki
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 22nd, 1886, in Helme, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Väinö Voionmaa
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1869, in Jyväskylä, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Urho Kekkonen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1900, in Pielavesi, Kuopio Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Eljas Erkko
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1895, in Helsinki, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Risto Ryti
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1889, in Huittinen, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Rafael Haarla
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1876, in Korpilahti, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Hjalmar Procopé
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 8th, 1889, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Elmo Kaila
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1888, in Jokioinen, Tavastehus Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Elias Simojoki
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1899, in Rautio, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Vihtori Kosola
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1884, in Ylihärmä, Vasa Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Aladár Paasonen
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1898, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Reino Hallamaa
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1899, in Kokemäki, Åbo Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Väinö Vuori
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1896, in Porvoo, Nyland Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
Sixtus Hjelmman
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1869, in Iisalmi, Kuopio Governorate, Grand Duchy of Finland, Russian Empire§!
