French Republic Focus Tree
Mobilise Population For War
A deeply unpopular measure, particularly amongst those whose homes or workplaces were affected by the horrors of the Second Weltkreig, if we ever hope to fully liberate the whole of France, difficult choices must be made.
§gUntil we complete the focus §YPrepare for War with Germany§!, completing this decision will have the following effect:§!\n
Seizing Moroccan Territories
Since the nineteenth century, we have fostered ambitions on Morocco. Now that the other powers that have a stake there are in turmoil, it is time to take these lands for our own. Vive la France!
Take back the Moroccan Kingdom!
The Germans have lost the war in Europe, and it is now our time to strike and take back what was ours!
The Lion and the Bear
Philippe Pétain and Henri Mordacq, the Lion and the Bear, the man who held at Verdun and the hero of the defence of Arras, two legends of the Great War, two men who despite everything else respect and admire each other, are now opposed in an ever escalating political battle. To emerge victorious from this power struggle, they now scramble to reinforce their influence over our nation.\n\nIn order to win the fight for influence, §CPétain and his government§! must have more influence than §aMordacq and his followers§!. However, seeking influence through §Runscrupulous means§! is a sure-fire way to gain the §Rire of the populace§! who may look unfavourably upon the current regime!\n\n§CPétain's Influence§!: [?Pet_influence]\n§aMordacq's Influence§!: [?Mor_influence]\n§RPétain's Corruption§!: [?Pet_corruption]
Invest in Civilian Industry
Our industry has managed to reimplement itself in the aftermath of the Exile thanks to the help of the Marshal's government: this has created enormous goodwill towards Pétain among industrials, who know better than anybody that government contracts are the source of much of their prosperity. A few more tactical investments will make sure that goodwill is fostered.\n\nInvesting too many resources in these companies may be seen as §Rcorrupt§! by certain elements in our nation. They may not take too kindly to such a government.
Invest in the Arms Industry
Thanks to important government investments, the arms industry has thrived as readiness for the reconquest of the mainland has been on the mind of every Frenchman since the Exile. However, demand for armament is ever growing, especially considering war with the Commune is around the corner: investing in companies of known loyalists will strike two birds with one stone, helping us deal with the inside and outside enemies.\n\nInvesting too many resources in these companies may be seen as §Rcorrupt§! by certain elements in our nation. They may not take too kindly to such a government.
Reward Loyal Companies
In an effort to cement our influence, it would be a wise idea to reward the loyalty of civilians staying true to the Marshal's side in these troubled times: a few government contracts here, a construction permit quickly awarded there, some silly judicial matter quietly dropped for others, will ensure the support of much of the industrial class and help convince those still on the fence about supporting us.\n\nInvesting too many resources in these companies may be seen as §Rcorrupt§! by certain elements in our nation. They may not take too kindly to such a government.
Back Loyal Newspaper
The press has proven instrumental in this political struggle, and the support of those loyal to us will not go unnoticed: by quietly awarding funds to a newspaper who has backed our cause, giving access to previously unknown information, or promising an easier time dealing with censorship in the future we can make sure that this paper will continue to help us convince our people of the foolishness of Mordacq.\n\nInvesting too many resources in these newspapers may be seen as §Rcorrupt§! by certain elements in our nation. They may not take too kindly to such a government.
§RMordacq and the Radio!§!
The Bear is planning on delivering a speech broadcast to our nation: this could prove to be disastrous, bringing his seditious messages directly to the homes of many of our compatriots: preventing him from speaking on-air would only confirm his rhetoric, instead we must find a way to prevent this speech from having too much impact.
§RA Bear on the March§!
Henri Mordacq and his democratic supporters are planning a protest in a major city, hoping to voice their discontentment about the regime that they consider stagnant and corrupt. If they are joined by too many people, this could prove to be a bad blow to the government, giving the illusion that support for the Bear is widespread and thus making many more fall into his grasps: something must be done.
§RMordacq's Big Speech§!
Mordacq will give a speech in front of a large audience soon, which could bring more people to his side. The government is divided on how to properly respond to this, some arguing that the debate should just run its course, others proposing that the Marshal could give a speech on the same day, in a close location: either way, a choice must be made.
§RWhispers in the Great Mute§!
The political turmoil is slowly making its way to the heart of the regime, the armed forces, usually called 'la Grande Muette', the Great Mute, for its restraint from participating in the political life of the Republic. If there was one place where democratic drivel must not take root, it's there: thankfully even the humblest infantryman is still full of respect for the hero of Verdun, but dissident literature has recently been found in barracks and officer loungers: something must be done.
Call for Moral Order
As outrageous allegations of corruption have begun circulating, the Marshal must take a stand: he will take to the airwaves to call our citizens to act in an exemplary manner in these difficult times and denounce any accusations against the government as mere propaganda spread by syndicalist agents.
Fight Corruption
To prove to our people that the Marshal is blameless in the recently surfaced corruption scandals, we will start a large scale anti-corruption campaign at all levels of society, encouraging our citizens to denounce any corrupt official they might have witnessed or fallen victim to. This is a titanic effort, but it will be worth it.
Creative Ways to Fight Corruption
Even our most earnest efforts at fighting corruption has not given enough results to satisfy our people, and as such we might have to become laxer in finding proof of alleged corruption or be more proactive in getting confessions from suspected individuals. They probably did something wrong, or they might be Communard agents, or something else: who cares, really?
Deal with the Republican Remnants
At last, we have taken down the Republic. And work to get rid of her pernicious influence on our great nation is now underway. However, there are still some who believe the 'Gueuse' is something worth defending: as long as there are remnants of republican influence, we cannot truly get to work to reform France. As such, a purge of the French body is necessary.\n\nFinishing these decisions will remove the §YRepublican Remnants§! idea and will give another idea depending on your choices.
Public Humiliation of Republicans
For minor offenders, such as journalists who eagerly defended the Republic or supported the parades, or unjust critics of de Gaulle's government, a more educational approach will suffice. They will be forced to publicly disavow their previous writings and the Gueuse, swear fidelity to the new government, and then be sent safely on their way.
Arrest their Politicians
Many politicians tacitly supported the 'paradeurs', merely waiting for the right moment to strike against the Maréchal government, to plunge us even deeper into republican mediocrity. Many supporters of Mordacq have already been arrested, while other parliamentarians seem increasingly upset with de Gaulle's government. A thorough investigation will help us discern those who may still hope for the Republic to endure.
Clean up the Ranks of the Police
On the fateful day of the last parade, some police officers tasked with keeping order joined the protestors as the day turned bloody. This might be indicative of a deeper rot in the public function that we thought previously, and an investigation into our police force might reveal unsavoury secrets.
Purge the Military
The military, the supposed 'Great Mute' made far too much noise in recent months. Though some of our men were among the early 'paradeurs', it's sadly clear that some men were eager supporters of Mordacq, and might not be reliable as officers in the armies of our King. The Army has traditionally been a reactionary bastion under the Gueuse, and it should stay that way. A thorough investigation will take place, and anyone suspicious will have to be questioned, rifleman or general.
Those Who Slither in the Dark
There is one last place where we haven't looked for potential traitors: the Deuxième Bureau, our intelligence office. Between Mordacq's escape, and the democratic camp seemingly always knowing our next move, we know there is a mole, but so far haven't been able to figure out who it is. We will have to act in utmost secrecy to finally trap the source of our woes.
Fate of French Africa
For too long the colonies of France have been seen as little more than land and people to be exploited. It is our sacred duty to reach out to and uplift our fellow brothers and sisters. We shall bring the light of Christianity and civilisation to the natives who have stumbled in the darkness for too long!
Focus Efforts on Algeria
Integrate Algeria into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Tunisia
Integrate Tunisia into the French Union
Focus Efforts on French Guinea
Integrate Guinea into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Mauritania
Integrate Mauritania into the French Union
Focus Efforts on French Sudan
Integrate French Sudan into the French Union
Focus Efforts on the Ivory Coast
Integrate the Ivory Coast into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Upper Volta
Integrate Upper Volta into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Niger
Integrate Niger into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Chad
Integrate Chad into the French Union
Focus Efforts on Dahomey
Integrate Dahomey into the French Union
Trans-Sahara Railway
What remains of France is effectively split into two parts. Algeria and Tunisia are isolated from French West Africa by the vast expanse of the Saharan Desert. A journey by foot takes over two months of solid marching. This is unacceptable!\n\nWhile for now we can ship supplies, men, and resources through the Atlantic, this arrangement would be made difficult to impossible if a future enemy were to heavily patrol the Atlantic or even worse, close the Strait of Gibraltar to our ships. We must not allow anyone to exploit our current condition! If we finish this project, we will also be able to show the world that France is still on par with the great nations of the globe and is to be respected.
Trans-Sahara Construction - Phase One
Trans-Sahara Construction - Phase Two
Trans-Sahara Construction - Phase Three
Trans-Sahara Construction - Phase Four
Invite Investors
Divert Railway Resources
Colonial Rebellions
Crush the [FROM.GetAdjective] Resistance
Now that [FROM.GetNameDef] has been defeated, most of their resistance networks have been identified. By striking now, we can cut off the head of the snake and blunt any significant resistance for the next several years!
[CHA.GetFlag] Stalemate in [CHA.GetName]
If the war in [CHA.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[CHA.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Chad
If the colony of Chad isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[NGR.GetFlag] Stalemate in [NGR.GetName]
If the war in [NGR.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[NGR.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Niger
If the colony of Niger isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[VOL.GetFlag] Stalemate in [VOL.GetName]
If the war in [VOL.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[VOL.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Upper Volta
If the colony of Upper Volta isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[MLI.GetFlag] Stalemate in [MLI.GetName]
If the war in [MLI.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[MLI.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in French Sudan
If the colony of French Sudan isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[GNA.GetFlag] Stalemate in [GNA.GetName]
If the war in [GNA.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[GNA.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Guinea
If the colony of Guinea isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[IVO.GetFlag] Stalemate in [IVO.GetName]
If the war in [IVO.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[IVO.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in the Ivory Coast
If the Ivory Coast isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[MRT.GetFlag] Stalemate in [MRT.GetName]
If the war in [MRT.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[MRT.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Mauritania
If the colony of Mauritania isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[TUN.GetFlag] Stalemate in [TUN.GetName]
If the war in [TUN.GetName] reaches a stalemate for too long we won't have any other choice but to let them free before more damages are done to our Empire. We have to beat the rebels back!
[TUN.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Tunisia
If the colony of Tunisia isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[SEN.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Senegal
If the model colony of Senegal isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
[SIE.GetFlag] Backed Revolt in Sierra Leone
If the British colony of Sierra Leone isn't brought back under our control quickly we won't be able to prevent a revolt backed by the occupier!
Chad has rebelled
Niger has rebelled
Upper Volta has rebelled
Mali has rebelled
Guinea has rebelled
The Ivory Coast has rebelled
Mauritania has rebelled
Tunisia has rebelled
Senegal has rebelled
Sierra Leone has rebelled
§ROpen Revolt§!
Reclaim the Métropole!
It is finally time. Two decades after our forced exile and the revolution that devastated France, its power and its traditions, we are now ready to take it back. We have built back our strength, gathered supplies and allies, reformed our army and prepared for the crossing of the Mediterranean. Across the sea, the Reds have done nothing but destroy France in the name of their decrepit ideology. We have to stop this madness once and for all and give back France the position in the world she deserves!\n\nIt is time for the Final Struggle.
The Final Struggle
La Lutte Finale
Install Military Presence in Provence
Mobilise Loyalists in Provence
Secure control of Midi
Blow the Bordeaux-Tours Railway Line
Install Military Presence in Aquitaine
Mobilise Loyalists in Aquitaine
Secure control of Northern Aquitaine
Install Military Presence in Auvergne
Secure control of Dauphiné
Mobilise Loyalists in Lyonnais
Blow the Dijon-Lyon Railway Line
Secure Loire Region
Mobilise Loyalists in Loire
Install Military Presence in Brittany
Mobilise Loyalists in Brittany
Install Military Presence in Normandy
Mobilise Loyalists in Normandy
Install Military Presence in Île de France
Mobilise Loyalists in Île de France
Secure control over Champagne
Install Military Presence in Picardy
Mobilise Loyalists in Picardy
Reunion Fever
With the capital and several other major cities under our control, our forces have become emboldened by our recent victories and seek to quickly reclaim the country from the Reds!
A New Reconquest
After two decades, the fires of revolution have finally been extinguished, and France is once again at peace. However, our people remain deeply divided: some welcome us as liberators, others lament the fall of the Commune, and most are simply in shock, exhausted by the war, their lives upended for the second time in a generation. We have reconquered the 'métropole', and it will now be an immense effort to conquer the hearts and minds of our countrymen.\n\nFully coring the 'Métropole' will remove the §RLingering Communard Influence§! national spirit.\n\nTo fully secure our hold back over the métropole we must rebuild our image in the eyes of the people who have seen us depicted as demons for the last twenty years. A §GReconstruction Commission§! must be organised and each state in the métropole will be reintegrated back into France once they reach\n§C80%§! §YCompliance§!.
Relief Effort
Our first priority must be relief: France has been devastated by war, and our people are suffering, their homes are sometimes ruined, families have been torn apart by war, and many struggle to have access to even basic necessities. Not only is it our duty to care for and protect our countrymen, but such a relief effort will no doubt start to break down Communard propaganda that has depicted us as monsters for the last decades.
Desyndicalisation Effort
The immediate concerns of our people have begun to be answered, and it is now time to embark on a long and arduous journey: desyndicalisation. In less than twenty years, immense damage has been done by the Reds: their ideology has deeply tainted every aspect of French society, from social structures and the economy to education and the armed forces. Of course, it is impossible to erase the past and some things will never be undone, and as such we will keep the good, tear down the bad, bring justice to those who deserve it, and ensure that never again our people are tempted by syndicalism. First on the list is ensuring that our people know the truth about the ideology that was forced on them.
Allocate Resources to the Integration of Paris
Allocate Resources to the Integration of Provence
Allocate Resources to the Integration of Lyonnais
Allocate Resources to the Integration of Bordeaux
Allocate Resources to the Integration of Lille
Territorial Integration
We should make strives to reintegrate territories lost to us when the Germans and Reds shattered our old Empire. As we reassert ourselves on the global scale, we must integrate our fellow Frenchmen abroad to restore our nation to greatness!
Integrate [From.GetName] as a Department
Since our loss of the mainland, our empire was torn asunder, and most fell under the control of other governments. It will take some time and effort to reintegrate [From.GetName] back into France as an overseas department.
Rebuild Metropolitan Industry
Paris, Lyon, Marseilles, Bordeaux...the great cities of the Métropole; the envy of all the cities in Europe; have fallen into ruin. The civil war ravaged our nation turning buildings into debris and leaving the countryside ravaged with the horrors of modern warfare. As the Communard resistance became fanatical and desperate, they left nothing but destruction in their retreat, turning our homeland into a degenerate wreck. To recover from the war and the damages of the past decade, we will undertake a massive reconstruction project to rebuild our cities and alleviate our fellow countrymen's suffering.
Rebuild Civilian Industry in Amiens
Rebuild Military Industry in Calais
Rebuild the Loire Valley
Restore the City of Caen
Relentless bombing over the course of the war proved catastrophic for the city and the surrounding region. Few buildings were spared. We must spare no effort to rebuild Normandy!
Rebuild Burgundy Region
The border regions saw large-scale fighting as the Germans and the Reds clashed during the Second Weltkrieg. Mass troop movement has damaged the infrastructure in the region and requires the attention of our government to rebuild.
Renovate Champagne
Much as it did during the Great War, the city of Reims came under direct enemy fire and large portions of the city were destroyed during the battles that the Reds fought during their retreat toward Paris. This tragedy can be used to our advantage as we have the opportunity to redesign the city with better infrastructure to support the population who wish to return home.
A New Marseille
Ever since the beginning of our expansion into Northern Africa, the port of Marseille has been an instrumental hub linking the Métropole and the colonies. While many businesses and industries that fled during the civil war have begun relocating back into the 'métropole', several, however, have decided to stay where they are. In order to serve their business, we must work towards expanding the port facilities of Marseille and place it back on the map as one of the largest shipping ports of Europe.
Rebuild Military Industry in Provence
Revive the port of La Rochelle
The importance of the harbour of La Rochelle has fallen ever since our loss against the British back in 1763, which largely sealed the fate of our New World colonial ambitions. With the new order in the world, we can once again turn our attention to this port for Trans-Atlantic trade with our allies in the Americas. Namely the continuation of the import of goods and materials flowing out of Canadian factories that helped us return home.
Rebuild Civilian Industry in Bordeaux
Rebuild Military Industry in Bordeaux
Light Up Lyon
The 'City of Lights' was turned into a fortress by the Reds during their retreat northward. As such, the city took a beating during the fighting to liberate the population. We must take up the mantle to rebuild the city and restore the light to this once beautiful city!
Rebuild Military Industry in Lyonnais
ENA
Étoile Nord-Africaine\n§LFounded in 1926 in Paris by Algerian migrant workers and stranded colonial infantry, funded and organised by the Communard government, the North African Star is a nationalist organisation advocating for national determination for the Algerians through revolution and armed struggle. Illegal and severely repressed in the Algerian departments, the group acts underground, in near total secrecy and with the support of a small but dedicated network of native supporters. Though certainly socialist the ENA is still a broad coalition merely united by a single purpose and a common leader, Messali Hadj, and little ideological unity can be found within the group, particularly on questions such as secularism or if Algeria is even ready for 'pure' syndicalism.§!\n
ENA
Étoile Nord-Africaine\n§LFounded in 1926 in Paris by Algerian migrant workers and stranded colonial infantry, funded and organised by the Communard government, the North African Star is a nationalist organisation advocating for national determination for the Algerians through revolution and armed struggle. Illegal and severely repressed in the Algerian departments, the group acts underground, in near total secrecy and with the support of a small but dedicated network of native supporters. Though certainly socialist the ENA is still a broad coalition merely united by a single purpose and a common leader, Messali Hadj, and little ideological unity can be found within the group, particularly on questions such as secularism or if Algeria is even ready for 'pure' syndicalism.§!\n
ENA
Étoile Nord-Africaine\n§LFounded in 1926 in Paris by Algerian migrant workers and stranded colonial infantry, funded and organised by the Communard government, the North African Star is a nationalist organisation advocating for national determination for the Algerians through revolution and armed struggle. Illegal and severely repressed in the Algerian departments, the group acts underground, in near total secrecy and with the support of a small but dedicated network of native supporters. Though certainly socialist the ENA is still a broad coalition merely united by a single purpose and a common leader, Messali Hadj, and little ideological unity can be found within the group, particularly on questions such as secularism or if Algeria is even ready for 'pure' syndicalism.§!\n
RS
Parti Républicain-Socialiste\n§LFounded in 1911 by parliamentarians who refused to join the nascent and more radical French Section of the Workers' International, the Republican-Socialist Party is a non-Marxist, reformist, class-collaborationist social democratic political party. Considering itself heir to the tradition of progressive republicanism rather than socialist class warfare, much of the party sided against the Revolution and its parliamentarians joined the government in exile in Algiers. However, in the anti-Communard frenzy of the Exile, the party was quickly marginalised and is now a shell of its former self, though it could never have been called particularly influential.§!\n
PR
Parti Radical\n§LFounded in 1901, the Radical Party or more formally the Radical-Socialist and Radical Republican Party is a centre-left party in the tradition of 'radical' republicanism. Historically one of the dominant parties of the Third Republic, they are economically and socially liberal, strongly attached to parliamentarism, and secular in the extreme, bordering on anti-clericalism even after the rise in Catholic fervour since the Exile. Of the old major parties, they suffered the worst from the Defeat, the Civil War, and the Exile. Indeed, the left wing of the party initially supported the Revolution, before being marginalised by more radical leftists. As such, the party lost the trust of their liberal, educated middle- and upper-class voting base.§!\n
PRD
Parti Républicain Démocrate\n§LThe Democratic Republican Party is a centre-right party born from the fusion of the Fédération Républicaine and the Alliance Démocratique. Economically liberal, somewhat socially conservative, attached to parliamentarism, and of course anti-socialist, they are broadly Catholic but remain internally divided on the issue of secularism. Its brand of republican, liberal conservatism struggles to reassert itself, tainted by the Defeat and weakened by the depredations of the PSF upon its traditional electorate.§!\n
PSF
Parti Social Français\n§LFounded by veterans led by Colonel François de La Rocque after the Exile, the French Social Party is a staunchly conservative, anti-socialist, nationalist, and Catholic party, seeking to reform the Republic away from parliamentarism and towards a more presidential regime, while remaining faithful to democracy and the Republican institutions. The only mass party in French politics, with its own security services, youth organisations, soup kitchens, affiliated unions, charity drives, and even summer camps, the PSF attempts to become an integral part of its members' lives rather than a mere political affiliation and is rapidly growing in popularity.§!\n
GMP-Mordacq
Gouvernement Militaire Provisoire - Mordacq's Faction\n§LIn the aftermath of the Exile, the Republic fell into a period of parliamentary chaos. To restore order, the Lion of Verdun Marshal Pétain stepped in, being elected Head of State, forming a broad coalition government and declaring a temporary state of emergency giving the government, and the military, broad powers to ensure the stability of the nation. This 'Temporary Military Government' has now lasted more than a decade and though the Marshal maintains the illusion of democratic life, few are foolish enough to believe the Parliament could impose anything on Philippe Pétain. The thinly veiled junta is still popular but slowly losing political credibility as it slips into autocracy, mostly held together by the prestige of the Lion. Some within the regime refuse to accept the status quo however, chief among them Henri Mordacq who believes deep reform of the military and further mobilisation of the nation is necessary.§!\n
GMP-Pétain
Gouvernement Militaire Provisoire - Pétain's Faction\n§LIn the aftermath of the Exile, the Republic fell into a period of parliamentary chaos. To restore order, the Lion of Verdun Marshal Pétain stepped in, being elected Head of State, forming a broad coalition government and declaring a temporary state of emergency giving the government, and the military, broad powers to ensure the stability of the nation. This 'Temporary Military Government' has now lasted more than a decade and though the Marshal maintains the illusion of democratic life, few are foolish enough to believe the Parliament could impose anything on Philippe Pétain. The thinly veiled junta is still popular but slowly losing political credibility as it slips into autocracy, mostly held together by the prestige of the Lion. Surrounding the Marshal is a clique of loyalists who owe everything to the hero of Verdun and staunchly believe he is the right man to lead France to victory.§!\n
Action Française
Action Française\n§LFounded in 1899, the French Action is a nationalist, royalist, integralist group. Its ideology can be summarised with one quote by Charles Maurras, its most influential theorist: 'In order to love France today, it is necessary to hate what she has become'. The aim of the Integralists is nothing less than the fall of the Republic and the establishment of an integralist state: an absolute, hereditary, anti-parliamentary, reactionary, counter-revolutionary, heavily decentralised, corporatist, and above all Catholic monarchy, protective of local identities and modelled after the traditional institutions of the Kingdom of France. Though it couldn't be called a party, after all the group openly advocates for a coup d'état and has never participated in elections, the AF has created a broad network of influence among Catholics radicalised by the anticlerical violence of the Revolution, in intellectual circles, and, most importantly, within the military.§!\n
CSN
Comité du Salut National\n§LIn the aftermath of the crisis, President Mordacq has decided to assemble a Committee of National Salvation, made up of military men, political figures, and experts, to better prepare France for the coming war to reconquer the mainland without being hindered by the potential chaos of democracy and ideology. However, the Bear has repeatedly clarified that this truly is a temporary measure, and that as soon as the Métropole is freed from the grasps of the Reds, he will step down and restore full democracy and parliamentary life. In the meantime, in-depth political reform will have to wait.§!\n
Redressement Français
Redressement Français\n§LIn his hour of need, Marshal Pétain was contacted by the 'French Renewal', which helped him resolve the crisis, bringing a new ideological thrust to the regime. Part employers' association, part think tank, part propaganda arm of the forward-minded industrialists, they are intent on 'bringing together the elites and educating the masses'. Advocating for a reorganisation and 'streamlining' of the administration and political system, and greater care of the upper classes for the 'social question', they stand for class collaboration, strong property rights, and greater involvement of 'patriotic industrialists and intellectuals' in policy-making through specialised commissions. They are sceptical of traditional parliamentary democracy that they consider bloated and in part responsible for the Revolution; in short, they are technocratic, condescendingly paternalistic, and corporatist.§!\n
PSF-R
Parti Social Français - Républicains\n§LFounded by veterans led by Colonel François de La Rocque after the Exile, the French Social Party is a staunchly conservative, anti-socialist, nationalist, and Catholic party, seeking to reform the Republic away from parliamentarism and towards a more presidential regime. The only mass party in French politics, with its own security services, youth organisations, soup kitchens, affiliated unions, charity drives, and even summer camps, the PSF attempts to become an integral part of its members' lives rather than a mere political affiliation. With the absorption of smaller right wing parties, the PSF has become a behemoth with different wings. The 'Republican' wing is an informal group of those deeply attached to democracy and the Republican institutions, though of course faithful to Colonel de la Rocque and his dream.§!\n
PSF-D
Parti Social Français - Dirigistes\n§LFounded by veterans led by Colonel François de La Rocque after the Exile, the French Social Party is a staunchly conservative, anti-socialist, nationalist, and Catholic party, seeking to reform the Republic away from parliamentarism and towards a more presidential regime. The only mass party in French politics, with its own security services, youth organisations, soup kitchens, affiliated unions, charity drives, and even summer camps, the PSF attempts to become an integral part of its members' lives rather than a mere political affiliation. With the absorption of smaller right wing parties, the PSF has become a behemoth with different wings. The 'Dirigist' wing is an informal group of those who believe that the Republic cannot afford the parliamentary chaos that led to her downfall, and that as such believe that a strong hand is needed in both politics and the economy, though they do not question the need for some form of democratic life.§!\n
PSF-T
Parti Social Français - Technocrates\n§LFounded by veterans led by Colonel François de La Rocque after the Exile, the French Social Party is a staunchly conservative, anti-socialist, nationalist, and Catholic party, seeking to reform the Republic away from parliamentarism and towards a more presidential regime. The only mass party in French politics, with its own security services, youth organisations, soup kitchens, affiliated unions, charity drives, and even summer camps, the PSF attempts to become an integral part of its members' lives rather than a mere political affiliation. With the absorption of smaller right wing parties, the PSF has become a behemoth with different wings. The 'Technocratic' wing is an informal group of those who believe that France cannot afford any kind of instability if she wants to be reborn from the ashes, and as such are happy to put aside most forms of democratic life aside in favour of a state ruled by experts, in cooperation with the armed forces.§!\n
BN
Bloc National\n§LThe National Bloc is a coalition of conservative parties formed after the Reconquest of the Métropole, dominated by the PSF. However, Colonel de La Rocque has had to significantly compromise with the more traditional right wing to cement such a coalition. Though of course conservative, somewhat corporatist, anti-socialist, nationalistic and broadly Catholic, the anti-parliamentarian rhetoric of the populist right was greatly moderated by its allies. As such the coalition seeks to reform the Republic into a more rational, pragmatic semi-presidential regime, away from divisive populism, autocracy and unstable parliamentary stagnation.§!\n
FSN
Front Socialiste National
FNT
Fédération Nationale du Travail
PUP
Parti d'Unité Prolétarienne
Schneider
Compagnie des Machines Bull
Compagnie Française des Pétroles
Darne
Manufacture Nationale d'Armes de Tunis
Hotchkiss
Delaunay-Belleville
Vetra
Renault
Peugeot
Citroën
Dewoitine
Bloch
Amiot
Blériot
Matra
Latécoère
Ateliers et Chantiers de la Loire
Société de Construction Navale d'Oran
Chantiers Navals de Dakar
Improved Medical Aid
Anti-Communard
After our defeat in the Great War, the Reds rose up and abolished our cherished Republic. Thankfully, many of the most important figures of the Republic have retreated to Algeria where they organise the counter-revolution. Now that the syndicalist traitors have taken full control of the mainland, we must crush them! We must ensure that our Eternal France will always be free!
L'Indigénat
The various laws and regulations of the 'Indigénat' system (literally, 'indigenous') remain firmly in place. Never fully codified and thus particularly easy to abuse, imposed on the native populations of the empire, they enshrine their inferior legal status despite them being technically French citizens. Collective punishment, a parallel justice system, forced labour and service in the armed forces, enforced by native elites under the guise of modernisation and spread of civilisation: to say that the Indigénat has created resentment would be an understatement. However it has proved to be a sure source of labour for the colonial effort and is supported by many prominent voices in government who argue that maintaining this status quo is necessary to prepare for the Reconquest.
Internal Unrest
Years of inaction and political stagnation have caused many elements within the Army and the population to become radicalised and lose faith in the current regime. Although it is suppressed, contestation is slowly but surely growing within the French Republic.
L'Indigénat
The 'Indigénat' is a cornerstone of the empire, that allows us to extract as many resources as possible out of Africa. It must not be dissolved.
L'Indigénat
While the 'Indigénat' has provided beneficial labour for Europeans in the past, we must look towards reforming it so that the distinction between European and African is less pronounced.
L'Indigénat
While the 'Indigénat' has provided beneficial labour for Europeans in the past, we must look towards reforming it so that the distinction between European and African is less pronounced.
Unequal Citizenship
Recent African Revolt
In the aftermath of the brief uprising in French Soudan following the poor harvest in the autumn of 1935, additional resources have been allocated to pacify the colonies and ensure that another such uprising is to be avoided.
Minor African Revolt
A small scale revolt has broken out inside of our territory. Fortunately for us, a policy of divide and conquer means that the forces opposing us are weak and disorganised. In order to keep our prestige intact, we will handle this ourselves!\n\n§gIf more than three colonies revolt against our rule, this National Spirit will invalidate and we will be able to call in the rest of the alliance.§!
With the situation in Africa getting out of control, we must swallow our pride and accept the help of our allies if we wish to survive!
Les Commissariats au Plan
War Credits
Salvation Does Not Wait
Policy and Strategy
Aim for Self-Sustainability
War in our Plates
Our Moral Forces
Militarised Society
Same Blood Tax for Everyone
Salus Patriae Suprema Lex Esto
Civilian Heroism
Rewards For Productivity
Devoir, France, Dévouement
Extended Powers
Republican School System
Monetary Reforms
Strengthened Civilian Sector
Burgeoning Welfare State
Nationalised Arsenals
CFF Cooperation
Cemented Coalition
Corporatist Policies
Labour Control
Jeunesses Sociales et Patriotiques
Republican Caesar
Le Pays Réel
Crush The 'Anti-France'
The Four Confederate Estates, the Anti-France, any good Frenchman knows who is meant by these epithets, or at least so the Action Française claims... All across [NFA.GetNameDef], fanatics have taken to the streets to commit violence upon Freemasons, Protestants, Jews and Metics. Acts which the police have begun to turn a blind eye towards due to Camelot pressure. Only one thing is certain, the streets will not be safe until this fervour dies down.
La Contre-Révolution
Corporatism
The King's Resources
Classicism
Republican Remnants
Limited Republican Purge
Large Republican Purge
Total Republican Purge
Ordre et Discipline
Redressement Français
Loyalty to the Fatherland
A Strong Hand
Collaboration de Classe
Chantiers de Jeunesse
Travail, Famille, Patrie
Replace §YHousing Programmes§!, §YCollaboration de Classe§! and §YRedressement Français§! with §YTravail, Famille, Patrie§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_OFFENSIVE_WAR_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
Establish Supreme Command
Mass Concentration
Form the Reserves
Specialised Training
A Cheap Navy
We Win Wars with Trucks
Strategic Initiative
Logistic Support
Tactical Support
Coordinated Strikes
Manoeuvre Warfare
L'Aéronavale
Ineluctable Advance
Mobilise Every Man
Resource Management
War of Production
Factories Investments
Total War
Use Everything
Enemy Destruction
Rain of Shells
Ministry of War
Ministry of the Air
Ministry of Naval Affairs
General Estienne's Legacy
Professional Army
Char de Rupture
Char Forteresse
Primacy of Manoeuvre
Queen of the Battlefield
Modern Colonial Force
Infiltration Tactics
Tactiques Aériennes
Bataille d'Escadres
Tactical Studies Centre
Young Guard Innovations
Total Air Effort
Naval Invasion Planning
Ministry of Combined Arms
Trans-Saharan Railway Construction
Inefficient Conscription Network
Inefficient Conscription Network
Inefficient Conscription Network
Focused Integration Efforts
Focused Compliance Building Efforts
Focused Anti-Resistance Efforts
Small Propaganda Effort
Large Propaganda Effort
Railway Strike
Tunisian Unrest
Reorganised Administration
Sabotage
Expanded Spy Network
Lingering Communard Influence
Lingering Communard Resistance
War Reparations
Congress of Lyon - Arms Treaty
German Supervision
For the third time in seventy years, we have seen defeat in the face of German arms. Victorious over us, they have placed large restrictions over our industrialisation and the size of the military that we can field.
Commissariat Général à la Reconstruction
Expanded Resource Extraction
Rebirth from Ruin
Avenge Versailles
Never Shall We Fall Again
Granted Indemnities
While some may have wished for everything to be returned to them, this government stipend must satisfy them instead. We would otherwise face an emboldened resistance if we were to attempt to seize all the previously owned possessions of the Exiles.
Compromise Committees
We shall set up committees to oversee claims made on the previously owned property, to ensure that a delicate balance is maintained between the returning Exiles and the population who have remained in the Métropole.
A Returning Monarch
The France that we have returned to is not the one that we left behind decades ago. The Communard government has drilled years of propaganda into the peoples' heads blinding them to who built France into the country she is today! The monarchy built France in days past, and now the monarchy will rebuild France!
Cercle Proudhon
The Cercle Proudhon, a think-tank made up of pre-war national-syndicalist leaders is now working with the Crown to help our people understand that national integralism and the King are the true way to fulfil the destiny of France.
Expanded Camelots
The Camelots have successfully transformed into a mass youth organisation, ensuring that a new generation is educated free from socialist corruption, ready to serve God, Crown and Country.
An Integral Monarch
Much work remains to be done, it will take years to undo the damage done by the revolutions, but we are finally on the right track. France is once again led by a pious monarch, who has restored the Pays Réel and is ready to guide us towards further glory. France is no longer held down by the Gueuse or the Reds: the rightful Sacramental Kingdom is reborn.
National Revitalisation
The Redressement Français, an apolitical group of patriotic, reform-minded industrials and intellectuals have proved an invaluable help for the Marshal when he needed to secure his hold on the exiled France. They contributed more than anyone else to the reconquest of the métropole, and are now ready to fully implement their forward-thinking plans.
New Politics
The Third Republic was weak, divided by petty party dynamics and personal interests. The future of French politics must be free from parties and the mediocrity of the politically ambitious. Thanks to deep reform, France will have a new, efficient, virtuous and competent political and electoral system, most capable of taking on the arduous task at hand.
Dismantle The Red Virus
Decades of syndicalist and borderline socialist administration of France has destroyed her economic strength and rotten the very mind of our populace, who sheepishly believe in never ending state intervention. Undoing this will prove tricky, but by implementing the reforms proposed to the Marshal by the Redressement Français we will take a bold first step towards renewed national greatness.
Administrative Reorganisation
Our administration was infamously bloated, weighing down on the whole of French society and hampering enterprise. This is the opportunity to undertake a deep reform of the system to make it more streamlined, rational, efficient, productive.
A Technocratic State
From the ashes is rising a new France, a France thinking forward and moving forward. No longer are the French divided by politics and led by populists: instead they know they can trust the Lion of Verdun and the best and brightest at his side to guide them towards a bright future, away from the errors of the past and ready to take on new challenges.
Military Administration
France is currently under military administration, to maintain order as we deal with remnants of socialist resistance against our rule.
Devolved Administration
Returning to the old centralised nature of the Republic would be a mistake, fostering local resentment. Instead, we have adapted to the devolved administration left by the Commune, ensuring that any decision that could be taken at a local level, is.
Departmental Administration
We have restored and improved the old system of departments, ensuring an efficient administration and divisions based on Reason rather than on feudalistic or \
New Regions
The old regional administrative divisions were carefully crafted to destroy regional identities and particularities. By reuniting long divided natural regions of France, we have largely contented loyal Frenchmen attached to their local cultures and traditions.
Welfare State
The Republic is a loving mother and provides for her children, ensuring that their basic needs are met so that they may thrive.
Strong Public Sector
The State shall take a proactive role in the economy, to ensure prosperity to both France and to her people.
Legitimised Unions
Unions are needed to create a healthy dynamic between State, Capital, and Labour. They will defend the rights of the workers and ensure that they fight for decent labour conditions through legitimate means.
Capital Growth
Prosperity is the surest way to ensure that France and her people heal the scars left by separation and war. A new patronal elite, more conscious of her duty towards France, will ensure that this prosperity is enjoyed by all.
Expanded Gendarmerie
For the Patrie, for Honour and for the Law, the gendarmerie will take over law enforcement duty in the rural areas of France, ensuring a return to normalcy.
Catholic Welfare
The Republic is a loving mother, ensuring that the needs of her children are met and safeguarding their dignity, according to the Social Doctrine of the Church.
Christian Unions
Faith-centred unions will ensure that the rights of labour are defended while making sure that the spiritual needs of the workers are well tended to and their duties towards Capital are respected.
Loyal Capitalists
Rootless patronal elites, obsessed with profit over their duty to the nation led us to disaster. Thankfully, a new elite is born, patriotic and conscious of the important role they play in the life of the Republic.
Technocratic Elite
Petty, pathetic sycophants led the old Republic, letting their petty personal interests rule their every move. These will stay in the past, as the new Republican elites will be made up of the best and brightest in their fields.
Corporatist Technocratic Elite
A new Republican elite is born, made up of the best and brightest in their fields, each and everyone deeply aware of their duty towards their fellow man.
Catholic Corporatist Economy
The Republic will no longer be torn apart by class war. The State will ensure that Capital and Labour work together for the prosperity of the motherland, in a spirit of Christian brotherhood inspired by the Church.
Social Republic
The Republic is a loving mother, ensuring the needs of her children are met and guiding them towards prosperity.
Liberal Republic
The Republic is an impartial mother, guaranteeing liberty, equal rights and opportunities to her children.
Catholic Republic
The Republic, once so hostile to our Holy Mother Church, has been baptised by our efforts. The rebellious Eldest Daughter is now a loving mother, ensuring the material and spiritual needs of her children are met.
Catholic Empire
Under Napoléon's rule in 1801, the French Empire took up the mantle of the protector of the papacy. Once more, we shall proudly bear our Catholic heritage on the world stage. The Eldest Daughter must never forget to fight to protect the faithful in France and beyond!
Strong Republic
The Republic, reforged under the guidance of Colonel de La Rocque, will never again fall. She stands united, proudly protecting her children, defying her enemies and ready to retake her rightful place on the international stage.
This will merge several §YNational Spirits§! into one stronger §YNational Spirit!§!
This will merge several §YNational Spirits§! into one stronger §YNational Spirit!§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.05§!
This will merge several §YNational Spirits§! into one stronger §YNational Spirit!§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
This will merge several §YNational Spirits§! into one stronger §YNational Spirit!§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.05§!
This will merge several §YNational Spirits§! into one stronger §YNational Spirit!§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$: §G+3.00%§!
The President-Prince
The New Eagle
The Bear
The Old Bear
The Bear
The Colonel
The Professor
The Bull
The Economist
The Sublime Radical
The Pilot
The Lion of Verdun
Redressement Backing
The Rooster
The Old King
The Young Prince
Comité du Salut National
Henri Mordacq has formed with representatives from the democratic forces as well as the armed forces a Committee of National Salvation, a transitional authority before full restoration of democracy: indeed, we cannot allow our nation to be divided in this critical time, as the hour of reconquest grows ever closer.
Commissariat Général au Plan
To ensure that the home-front is perfectly well organised for the coming national effort, a commission made up of civilians and military men has been created to plan and coordinate the various initiatives for war readiness, the mobilisation of all the nation's resources towards our sacred duty.
War Credits
There is a popular saying: 'l'argent est le nerf de la guerre', 'money is the sinews of war': indeed, the state must invest all that it can into the war effort and entice our people, rich or poor, to do the same, through war bonds and private investments. Our people must understand that this is after all a last ditch effort, and the full, enthusiastic participation of all is necessary.
Army Supervision
The Committee of National Salvation is a common effort between civilians and the armed forces, but who could better understand the needs of our armies than themselves? Some oversight from military men within the administration and industrial sector is to be expected, to ensure that full mobilisation can be implemented quickly whenever needed.
Aim for Self-Sustainability
Though our allies in the Entente have assured us of their full support, we cannot simply hope for the best and rely on their generosity: everything must be done so that France can fully equip its forces using its own resources. We will ensure that the vast natural riches of Africa are fully mobilised, and that as little of them are wasted as exports: now is not the time for profits.
Dam Construction
Our access to coal is limited, and oil must be saved for the armed forces: to make sure our people and industries have access to power, we will greatly invest in hydroelectric power. Algeria is after all a land of many contrasts, and the Atlas Mountains are perfect to develop this source of energy.
Companies des Forges
To make sure we are ready for the coming war, the government will meet representatives from the metallurgical industry, who had coordinated the armament industry during the Great War to great effect, to create a new, more centralised conglomerate dedicated entirely to serve the war effort.
Sociétés Nationales
For some essential industries, we cannot let anything get in the way of mobilisation: as such the government will start a wide policy of strategic nationalisation and investments, so that our forces have all the resources needed.
War in our Plates
All resources must be diverted towards the armed forces, for the liberation of France. This includes food, as before the war even starts we must create vast stockpiles of non-perishables goods: no soldier can fight on an empty stomach. As such, a gradual rationing of essential goods will be implemented.
Policy and Strategy
Many of our Members of Parliament and state officials have some military experience, France is after all a nation of citizen-soldiers. However, they need to fully understand the stakes of the effort that is being asked of us all: frequent reports from the armed forces, as well as briefings on strategy and logistics, will ensure they have the tools to best serve the nation.
Our Moral Forces
Unfortunately, towards the end of the Great War many soldiers felt betrayed by their commanders and their government, leading some to even rebel and embrace socialism. To prevent such a situation from happening again, a new department has been formed, entirely dedicated to keeping morale high and making sure even the lowest of the infantrymen knows exactly why he fights.
Militarise Society
Since 1789, France has been a nation of citizens-soldiers, and military service is required of all men. We must draw on this tradition, on the 'levée en masse' that saved the Republic when it was surrounded by tyrants and facing insurrection at home: strict discipline, respect of hierarchy and full mobilisation is to be expected of all our citizens.
Time for Action!
We can't afford the stagnancy of the Pétain regime, the Comité will have to take decisive action to ensure we are ready for our sacred duty. However, unlike the byzantine junta, we will strive for transparency and utter efficiency, keeping our people informed of what is to, and must, be done.
Extended Powers
Now is not the time for petty disagreements and personal ambitions to hamper our efforts: the Committee has been granted a wide mandate by the representatives of the people to do what must be done for France's salvation, and we intend to take full advantage of it. Rule by decree and bypassing long parliamentary sessions for now, yes, but to ensure a future for democracy and France's salvation.
Same Blood Tax For Everyone
Conscription is an old and proud institution in France, something few could escape. However, these few exceptions, no matter small their number, created a narrative of elites being affected to easier duty for made-up medical reasons; of outright draft-dodgers: this ends now, we will fiercely combat any loophole so that our men know that each and everyone of them can count on their fellow citizens.
Salus Patriae Suprema Lex Esto
'The Salvation of the Nation is the Supreme Law': if we were to fail in our sacred mission to retake our homeland, this would be the end of the Republic, the end of France. This cannot be allowed. Our nation now finally, truly united is ready to endure any and all sacrifices for the salvation of France, the highest priority of any true Frenchman.
Civilian Heroism
Not everyone can be a soldier: some are too old or work critical jobs, some are wounded veterans of the Great War, some are still too young, some are even women! But this does not mean that they cannot serve France, and we must officially recognise their efforts on the home-front, as after all without them nothing could be done.
Rewards for Productivity
In line with our effort of recognition of home-front, a system of rewards for exemplary productivity is being rolled out, starting with vouchers for better access to rations and bonus pay for exceeding quotas, all the way to medals and national recognition for exceptional workers: those on the home front might not shed blood for France, but sweat and tears are a worthy sacrifice to the Patrie.
Devoir, France, Dévouement
Duty, France, Dedication, these three words must be the focus of every single one of our citizens, in complement of the traditional Republican motto of Liberty, Equality, Fraternity. To finally be able to once again proudly proclaim the latter in the métropole, we must focus for now on the former.
Combine and upgrade the §Y$NATFRA_War_in_our_Plates_idea$§! and §Y$NATFRA_Rewards_For_Productivity_idea$§! national spirits into
National Narrative
The Republic had conquered her own people through education: from our ancestors the Gauls, through the kings of the Middle Ages, to revolution, the destiny of France was clear: the creation of an enlightened republic, a shining beacon of liberty, equality and fraternity. Now one more chapter of this narrative must be written, together, thanks to our efforts: the reconquest of the métropole.
Révolution Nationale
To the surprise of many, Pétain has held on to power thanks to swift help by the 'French Revival'. Democrats and reactionaries thought they could outmanoeuvre the Lion of Verdun and destroy France at this critical hour: they have been proved wrong, and now Pétain and the Redressement are free to implement the reforms needed for us to retake our home.
Give Pétain Full Powers
Pétain's government has always attempted to maintain the illusion of normalcy, and had to compose with the differing sensibilities of our people. To finally let him truly carry out the reforms France needs, parliament will convey one last time to give him full powers, particularly constitutional powers, before voting to dissolve itself until the situation is stable enough.
Control all the Newspapers
The Mordacq crisis has proved that for too long the government has left factious and unpatriotic elements in control of the press: with careful control of what is allowed to be published and careful screening of journalists, we will make sure that our people are properly informed.
Rally the Nationalists
The new regime has to prove itself to the most ardent nationalists, as many fear that it will simply perpetuate the stagnancy of the previous years: we will reach out to the most prominent patriotic voices to reassure them that the Marshal, now finally in full control, is and has always been the right choice for France, hopefully leading to a surge of volunteers to reclaim the Métropole.
Crush Dissent
Though pro-Mordacq forces have been defeated and many now see that Pétain will lead us to victory, the Lion still faces dissent on all sides: democrats, royalists, even former loyalists who fear the influence the Redressement National has on the Marshal, uncertain of how much power he truly holds. By now, we can't consider these people simply concerned citizens: they will be treated as traitors.
Replace the Constitution
A new constitution has been drafted by the Marshal's government, evidently strongly influenced by the National Revival's theories. Overhauling the decadent parliamentary democracy, enshrining technocratic and corporatist elements, this constitution grants near unlimited power to the 'Head of the French State': Philippe Pétain.
The country will be renamed 'French State'
Order and Discipline
Sadly, we must recognise that the Army once so loyal to the Lion has been one of the sources of the recent crisis, as men foolishly followed Mordacq. As the backbone of the regime, a thorough effort to root out agitators, reward loyalists and reinstate the strictest of discipline will be made. The war of reconquest looms, we cannot afford instability within the armed forces.
Notre Grand-Père à Tous
Philippe Pétain, the Lion of Verdun, is a man who gives himself entirely to France and her people, like a caring patriarch, firm but loving, experienced and ready to make all the sacrifices for his family. The Marshal, who has led us through the storm of the exile, will continue to do so until our patrie is reborn, and the French nation finally truly united behind him.
Redressement Français
The French Resurgence group has proved an invaluable help to the Marshal in managing the recent crisis, and they have by now well earned the favours of Pétain, who has appointed these most competent men to the positions of influences needed to implement their reform efforts, thanks to which France will no doubt be led to victory.
Economic Reforms
France has always badly managed her economy, letting political passions control much of economic policy. The State must rebuild a trusting relationship with Capital, create advisory commissions of industrialists, shrink the bureaucracy, reform our fiscality, protect property, and once and for all stop its interference in a field it has proved again and again it simply does not understand.
Give Back Companies
To deal with the titanic war effort of the Great War, the government was forced to nationalise many companies, and often managed them incredibly badly. Though the Pétain regime has been very supportive of the Exiles in their implementation in Algeria, it has also often employed these barbarous tactics, with little care for property rights or efficiency: it's time to right these wrongs.
Class Collaboration
French political discourse has often veered into unproductive discourse blaming the rich or the indigent for one societal ill or another: fertile ground for socialist agitation. But in the end, we are all French, united by our burning desire to free our countrymen. The government will promote groups advocating for class collaboration, and make sure those daring to speak of class war remain in the shadows.
Technological Innovations
It's common sense that competition is the best way to stimulate innovation, and yet France has relentlessly tried to meddle in research and development, leading our great nation to lag behind the United States, Britain, and even Germany in the technological race. Let private enterprise and the market naturally weed out useless projects, before swooping in and bankrolling the worthy.
Private Cooperation
The State now finally contained within reasonable boundaries, the private sector can finally surge, fully support our cause and give back a thousandfold, full of thanks for the Lion who freed them from their stately shackles and moved by ever more intense patriotic fervour.
Social Reforms
The Redressement is made up of more generally wealthy people, that is undeniable. And though they have all certainly shined by their individual altruism, they recognise that as a class they should do more for the common man: as such a wide range of social reform agreed upon by committees made up of industrials, unions, and government representatives will be implemented.
Housing Programmes
Though it has been more than a decade since the exile, many of our citizens who were forced to flee still live in unpleasant conditions, in overcrowded coastal cities: the government will buy empty land, encourage the building of decent housing, and give loans with advantageous rates to families and young couples to purchase their new homes.
Chantiers de Jeunesse
To support our youths and teach them useful skills, strong moral values, and respect of authority, we will make mandatory a months-long stay in youth camps inspired by scouting, where teenagers will accomplish community work, build strong bonds far from their usual lives, and prepare their mind and bodies for their years of military service once they reach adulthood.
Get Support from the Clergy
The Lion has maintained decent relations with the Church, but many among the clergy found themselves supporting our democratic or royalist opponents in the recent crisis, while others are sceptical of the economic aims of the Redressement. To try to win the Church over entirely, we will make sure to put an emphasis on our respect for religious liberty, and our hope for a moral state.
Rebuild the Moral Order
The Third Republic and its reckless liberalism and deeply anticlerical policies had degenerated into a corrupt, immoral mess that led France to defeat, that is plain to see. France must not fall into this pitfall again: we will work towards rebuilding order at all levels of society, crushing radicalism, and encouraging religious, moral education.
Travail, Famille, Patrie
Work, Family, Fatherland, these are the words on the mind of all true Frenchmen, this is the motto that must sweep away the excesses of the old Republic and bring forward the new State, so that one day we might accomplish our sacred duty: the liberation of France from her red shackles, thanks to the guidance of the Marshal, the Lion, the Hero of Verdun beloved by all, Philippe Pétain.
Politique d'Abord!
After months of political instability, the Action Française stands triumphant: Charles de Gaulle has asked in front of parliament the Duke de Guise to seize the crown and for the kingdom to be reborn. Finally, the Republic will be swept away, and led by our king we will once again rise to glory.
Restauration
Vive le Roi ! The Kingdom is reborn, and though much work remains to be done, we are almost ready to take the first step towards the salvation of France: the coronation of Jean d'Orléans as rightful king of France. A sumptuous ceremony and nationwide public celebrations are hastily being planned, following as closely as possible the traditions of the French crown.
The focus will automatically be completed after the crowning ceremony is organised.\n
Royal Dictatorship
In this critical hour, a dictatorship must be set up to lead the difficult transition away from the decadent Republic. Not a dictatorship of parties, of elected officials, which would quickly fall into despotism and the very same corruption the republic suffered from, but a royal dictatorship, above petty party quarrels, tempered by a millennium of traditions and paternal care for public interests.
Decentralisation
The Revolution did all it could to destroy the structures of the kingdom of France: power was taken away from the provinces, and concentrated in the hands of \
Protective Inequality
The demagogic liberals pretended to make all men equal: this was of course folly. Instead, the State must work towards a repartition of societal roles that is beneficial to all, encouraging traditional and natural structures while preventing any excesses that might foster resentment among the lower classes: not out of a pipe dream of 'equality', but out of a lucid sense of care for our subjects.
The Eldest Daughter of the Church
France is the Elder Daughter of the Church, home of countless saints and faithful heroes, defending the Faith at every turn, even blessed with saintly kings like Saint Louis. That is, until the revolution and the 1905 Laws: we must repent for these errors and restore the Church to her rightful position. From godless republic, we will be reborn as a sacramental kingdom.
Localism
We will restore the institutions of the French Kingdom: municipal councils, regional parliaments, professional assemblies, guilds, etc. The Crown will set policy and decide what no one else could, but anything that could be decided on a local level should be so. Furthermore, justice and policing will be handled locally, following local laws and local traditions.
Protect the Provincial Cultures
The Republic sought to destroy regional cultures and languages, dialects were forbidden for anything official, particularly education, while in the empire little respect was shown to local traditions, seen as oddities soon swept away by so-called 'progress'. But it is the Republic that has been swept away, and so we will follow a policy of promotion of the diversity of France and her people.
Corporatism
The Social Doctrine of the Church rejects socialism and unrestricted capitalism, and supports workers' rights to organise. Inspired by this and traditional institutions, our subjects will come together to form corporations, in the spirit of the guilds of old. In the past, the King protected the lower classes, and when they were abandoned, they became slaves of worshippers of Mammon: we say, no more!
Classicism
The origin of the revolution lies in the Reformation and the Enlightenment: instead, we will foster their opposite, classicism, refining of the genius of the ancient Greeks and Romans through a thoroughly French lens: the stoic sobriety and wisdom of the Ancients will prevent decadence from taking root again in France.
End Parliamentarism
The Third Republic was weak, ineffective in times of crisis and incapable of conducting the policies needed for France to maintain her rank among nations. France suffered from a lack of clear direction, her people divided: the king has ended this petty squabble masquerading as democracy, and will lead from now on his subjects towards glory.
Le Pays Réel
We are getting ever closer to freeing the \
Exalt the Aristocracy
The nobility has given us many great heroes who never hesitated to fight for the kingdom and the Faith. Stripped of their privileges and persecuted, many nobles have fallen into passivity, merely keeping the dream of the kingdom alive. This changes now: worthy nobles will be restored to their natural positions and noble and peasant will reform their holy bond to once again take on the Gueuse.
National Solidarity
The Reds promote class warfare: though their defence of labour is just, this is deeply contrary to the Faith, pitting brother against brother and ultimately achieving nothing but the destruction of the social fabric. Instead, we will promote national solidarity; thanks to the watchful guidance of our king we will ensure that all acquire a just reward for their labour so that they may be able to live in dignity.
End Republican Demagogy
By promising equality, the republicans deeply undermined France. The people, hoping for an unattainable dream, reduced to mere cogs, called to vote so that decisions might be taken far away from them, were easily seduced by the rhetoric of the Reds. Who could blame them? Remaining republicans will atone or we will make sure they are not able to disgrace France any longer.
From Colony to Province
The influence of native elites proved crucial in order to secure power, and they now expect their customary privileges and rights restored. We will oblige: no more will France trample tribal and Islamic law, attempting to transform these men into Frenchmen. Instead, the Indigènes will now thrive under the careful watch of these dedicated servants of the empire.
Rely on Ourselves
Though we know we can count on our allies in our crusade to retake France, our Latin and Catholic brothers, and yes, even the Rosbifs, we must not rely on foreign help. The empire is rich in resources, and populated by millions of proud Frenchmen ready to fight and die for the patrie: we simply need a strong drive for development and technological advancements, and nothing will be able to stop us.
The King's Resources
Our African dominion is full of riches. So far privately exploited, we cannot afford to let any inefficiencies get in the way of extracting resources vital to the coming war effort. The Crown will take direct control of the various mines, oil fields and refineries dotting our possessions, develop the infrastructure necessary for them to thrive and extensively fund the drive to look for more resources.
La Contre-Révolution
The effort to destroy the Gueuse is finally over. But we have never lost sight of our goal: the fires of one revolution have been extinguished, it is now time to extinguish the fires of another. So that France may be whole, so that her people might be free, so that the dynasty might lead us to a brighter future, we will prepare, wait for the opportune moment, and then fight to the bitter end.\nMontjoie Saint-Denis ! Vive le roi et vive la France !
Egoism of Each Helps All
Though the king's influence must be felt throughout society, day to day local decision-making must be done by associations between the individual and the State, freely constituted and ruled by consensus, trade associations or municipal councils. As each strives for their best interests, a mutually beneficial accord will be found, with the Crown acting as an arbitrator to prevent any injustices from taking place.
Second Union Sacrée
After months of political instability, Pétain has fallen and the Republic endures. After his election by the Parliament as president of the French Republic, General Henri Mordacq has chosen to take a step back and let a government of national unity headed by Colonel de La Rocque take charge, hoping for a return to normalcy after years of rule by a military junta.
The \
From the very start, the Third Republic was unstable, facing pressure from the reactionary right and revolutionary left, as republicans stood divided. Much like then, Republicans of all stripes must unite and endure, setting aside their differences at least temporarily to make sure the Republic endures in these crucial times.
Reinforce the Republican School System
Originally a product of the more liberal urban upper-middle class, the Republic took generations to truly take root. One of its greatest weapons had been free, mandatory education, educating even the poorest and making sure that all receive republican values. Thanks to the 'Black Hussars of the Republic', teachers, we will renew trust in our democratic system.
New Senatorial Elections
Dominated by older, more conservative members of parliaments, elected under pressure by Marshal Pétain, the Senate went only reluctantly with his removal from office and could prove unwieldy to truly heal the Republic. Though it is still too early for national elections, the Senate is elected by the Assembly: an election will make sure that most Pétain appointees lose their seat.
Electoral Reforms
To ensure the survival of our renewed democracy, electoral reform is needed: parts of Algeria and Senegal have always sent representatives to the parliament, but there simply wouldn't be enough of them as it stands. Districts will be redrawn, the privileges of the Four Communes extended to much of Senegal, and the number of parliamentarians will be brought down.
Parliamentary Supremacy
The Fourth Republic was born in chaos, and its new constitutional laws mostly officialise the accepted practices of the Third: that is, parliamentary dominance, the president choosing to stay confined to a largely ceremonial, unifying role. To prevent takeover from strongmen, we will enshrine the supremacy of parliament further.
Le Franc Algérien
During the Great War the Franc lost much of its value, and the exile made the situation worse as war debts seemed unlikely to be repaid. Thorough monetary reform has been necessary for years, but put off by a Pétain regime hoping for a return to the Franc's pre-war value. No more: it might prove unpopular, but the Franc will be severely devalued.
Bailout French Companies
Thanks to heavy investments by the state, many of the companies displaced by the revolution managed to reimplement themselves in Algeria smoothly. However, the recent waves of unrest have made the economic situation volatile: the government has announced that it will bailout companies to prevent further crisis, privately hoping to restore the friendly ties between state and industry enjoyed under the junta.
Attract Investments From the Entente
Our allies overseas have supported us through thick and thin, and many see this restoration of democracy as a great omen: with promise of support and advantageous contracts, as well as greater economic cooperation with allied nations, the government will attract further investments from the Entente.
Reinforce Business Ties
Pétain had built a strong network of support among the industrial upper classes, thankful for his support in the exile and more than a little sceptical of parliamentary democracy. We must restore business confidence in the new state of affairs and reach an understanding with the economic elites: the wave of bailouts sent a strong message, new government contracts will hopefully do the rest.
Solidarist Welfare Reforms
The Republic must show an open hand, not a closed fist. Theorised by the Radical Léon Bourgeois as a response to both socialism and liberalism, solidarism guided much of the social reforms of the last decades, such as a right to healthcare and insurance, free education, or income tax. We will continue these initiatives, to better the lives of our citizens and prevent unrest.
Nationalise Weapons Manufactures
To make sure we are ready for the coming war, the government will nationalise part of the armament industry, making sure it is well prepared for the large effort necessary and that once the conflict is finally upon us, the delivery of our troops' equipment goes as smoothly as possible.
Deepen CFF Cooperation
To prepare for the coming war, the government will meet representatives from the Foundry Committee, an organisation of leaders of the metallurgical industry, who had coordinated the armament industry during the Great War to great effect. With the silent threat of nationalisation hanging over their head, we will ensure their full cooperation to the war effort.
Republicanisation of the Army
Though the Army played a critical role in the removal of Pétain from office, it is still a hotbed of reaction, as both junta loyalists and monarchists quietly resent the new state of affairs. Though we must avoid a new Affaire des Fiches, we will ensure that little by little men truly loyal to the Republic will be promoted, following Mordacq's example.
Emprunts de la Défense Nationale
War is inevitably coming: we must prepare and the people must contribute. War bonds will be issued, and the government will ask for loans from the population, asking them to contribute part of their savings, to be reimbursed on the long term, hoping to prevent dependence on creditors.
Begin Civilian Mobilisation
France has been since the revolution a nation of citizen-soldiers, each man ready to be conscripted, fight for and die for the Republic. It's time to partially mobilise, now that war is on the horizon. Furthermore, thanks to the Pétain régime, we are well prepared to switch to a war economy: we will begin preparations to fully mobilise civilian industry for the war effort.
Merge Unions Into the BSPF
After the exile, socialist unions were banned, and more traditional unions proved ineffective, leading to a lack of representation for workers. As such the government has created a Bureau of French Professional Unions, inspired by the PSF's own union, and has strongly encouraged unions to merge with the Bureau, something more radical unions were told they had little choice but to agree with.
Secure Labour Agreements
The absorption of the vast majority of unions into the BSPF has led to a large number of renegotiations of local agreements between employers and workers. Indeed, whereas unions had formerly been de-fanged and isolated by state pressure, they can now count on a large support network and make demands without fearing repression, the Bureau making sure these demands remain reasonable.
Société Nationale du Transport Saharien
Reliably crossing the Sahara has long been a dream of the colonial authorities. Travel by sea is time consuming, while air travel is still precarious and not suited to transport large amounts of goods: a land route is necessary, to link Algiers to Dakar, to bring prosperity to the interior. Following in the footsteps of the Estienne brothers, we will develop Saharan infrastructures and make this dream a reality.
Promote Technocratic Management
Too often under the Pétain regime, it was not the worthy who were promoted but the most loyal: this led to tensions and general mediocrity in management, in both the private and public sector. The government will instead promote decision-making by experts in their fields, leading by example within government to encourage companies to seek the opinion of the most-skilled.
Work Charter
The BSPF, the government, and representatives from big business have finally reached a national agreement: thanks to promises of important state support and restriction of disruptive union activities, particularly striking, concessions from the industrial elites have been extracted, a new work charter which will be sure to better working conditions and wages for much of our population.
Expand the Mass Party
The new government is dominated by the French Social Party, a post-exile mass party: instead of catering to the politically-minded middle and upper classes, the party organised in local cells welcomes the masses, coordinating a large amount of activities, ranging from soup kitchens to summer camps. Now in government, the party will grow further and propose even more opportunities for its adherents.
Merge the Rightist Parties
Many minor right wing parties exist, and their efforts often get dispersed in petty factionalism: to work towards the goal of lasting national unity and to ensure that the Republic is well armed to fight both the far left and the AF who still lurks, the PSF will make overtures to both the moderate conservative and mass right parties to merge under the PSF, an initiative strongly encouraged by de La Rocque.
Jeunesses Sociales et Patriotiques
The successes of the PSF's youth wing in creating upright, dynamic youths, has led to a proposal to create a similar organisation on the national level, the Social and Patriotic Youths. It will inculcate young people with patriotic ideals, encourage physical activity, group cooperation, and useful skills such as camping, cooking, or the handling of weapons.
Meeting With the Church Leadership
The Republic was famously anticlerical, but the war, which created a renewal of popular faith, and Pétain's regime deepened the ties between Church and State. The fall of the junta created fear of renewed hostility: the government will meet prominent Catholics to reassure them, ensuring they steer away from reaction and know the name of their new benefactor: de La Rocque.
Glorify the Colonel
Colonel de La Rocque is an exceptional man. A war hero, grievously wounded during the Great War but choosing to return to the front, he received numerous decorations for his bravery. After the exile, he put his natural proficiency for leadership to good use, first among veteran groups and then in founding the PSF and in government, already bettering the lives of millions. He deserves our admiration.
Cement the Coalition
To the surprise of many, the traditional republican elites and the PSF have managed to work together in relative harmony: the government of national unity, this sacred union, seems well-disposed to last, as the party involved caters to different needs of the new political landscape, mass appeal and traditional republican legitimacy. A new, hybrid system is born.
Neutralise the PSF
The old guard of the Third Republic has managed to outmanoeuvre de La Rocque. The PSF remains an undoubtedly major force, but the traditional parties have managed to reimplement themselves after their loss of legitimacy following the exile: the spirit of the Third Republic endures and no strongman will be able to co-opt the state.
Promise of a Referendum
Colonel de la Rocque and the PSF now dominate the government of national unity, their brand of politics leaving the traditional republican elites behind and displeased. De la Rocque can now take advantage of this to unveil the next step, the promise of a constitutional referendum to strengthen the role of a president elected by universal suffrage.
The PSF have been neutralised
Establish the Supreme Command
The Bear of Arras, Henri Mordacq has been given a free rein to reform the armed forces, something that he has proven is deeply necessary in his now-famous 'Lessons of 1914 and the Next War'. With such a fine mind leading the charge of change, our victory is certain: first of all, the different branches of the armed forces will be merged under one Supreme Commander to enforce greater cooperation.
The Great Principles of Strategy
Though creating a rigid set of strategies to be employed in the field would be folly, under the direction of Mordacq we will make sure to at the very least codify a number of principles for our officers: stay on the offensive, economise your forces, follow established strategy or take initiatives but not dawdle, and most important follow the new mantra of our armed forces: Mass. Speed. Destruction.
Strategic Initiative
One thing is certain, the war must be ended as quickly as possible. By developing innovative strategic plans and training our officers to react quickly to changing situations, we can make certain that we always keep the initiative and never find ourselves on the back-foot.
We Win Wars with Trucks
Horses have been part of warfare since times immemorial, and they are still widely used in our army for everything from reconnaissance to logistics. But the reformed French armed forces have to be a modern, fast army: the roles of our equine companions will gradually be filled by much faster, and much more resistant, trucks.
Char d'Assault
Tanks will play a crucial role in our reformed army, acting as the tip of our offensives, smashing through enemy lines with sheer firepower, acting in deep cooperation with air support and closely followed by the courageous French rifleman: our current dispositions might limit our production capacities, but each char we have will be used perfectly.
Tactical Support
The use of aerial support proved crucial in the last days of the Great War, and will prove even more important in the coming war against the Commune. New designs specialised in close air support of infantry units are being developed, and we will make sure to make full use of them, softening up our enemies before sweeping them away in one decisive advance.
Manoeuvre Warfare
The coming war will be a war of movement: the attrition battles of the Great War, the trenches of Verdun belong to another era of warfare and the Bear has understood it perfectly, and we cannot afford a long war in any case: we will quickly outmanoeuvre the enemy and crush him before the enemy commanders even know what hit them.
Logistic Support
Motorising our army is all well and good, but a war isn't won on an empty stomach, or an empty fuel tank: a massive effort is to be undertaken to make sure our men never have to slow down, or worst of all stop in their tracks, due to poor logistics.
Armoured Cars
Armoured cars saw limited use on the Western Front of the Great War, but were found to be effective on the vast expanses of the Russian steppes and since the exile, providing light support and protection to infantry units and proving to be excellent tools for reconnaissance and unrest suppression.
Coordinated Strikes
An extremely effective tactic in the last days of the Great War was a concentrated combined assault of armoured forces, aerial support, artillery fire, closely followed by infantry advances, taking the enemy by surprise with and neutralising him before he could even react. A new generation of officers has fully understood the incredible potential of these strikes and will be instructed to make full use of them.
Ineluctable Advance
Henri Mordacq has finally imposed his vision of modern warfare: armoured units, integrated artillery and aviation support and the eternal might of the French rifleman, working as one to destroy the enemies of France. Nothing will be able to stop the might of the French armed forces: the reconquest of the métropole is only a matter of time.
Replace §Y$NATFRA_Logistic_Support_idea$§! and §Y$NATFRA_Coordinated_Strikes_idea$§! with §Y$NATFRA_Ineluctable_Advance$§!\nEffective Change:\n§YMotorised§!: $MODIFIER_BREAKTHROUGH$: §G+10%§!\n§YMechanised§!: $MODIFIER_BREAKTHROUGH$: §G+10%§!\n§Y$EQUIPMENT_ARMOR$§!: $MODIFIER_BREAKTHROUGH$: §G+10%§!\n
L'Aéronavale
War at sea is an inevitability, as with our allies we must first get rid of syndicalist naval presence in the Western Mediterranean if we want to finally start the reconquest of the métropole: though current doctrine preconise ever larger ships, we will also develop our naval aviation, using sea planes as both reconnaissance and to target enemy vessels from the air.
War of Communications
If all the branches of the Army are now under one commander-in-chief, miscommunication in the field could still jeopardise our plans: we will invest heavily in radio communication, making sure each unit is fully aware at all times of the greater tactical objectives they might strive for and that the days of blind, generalised confusion under fire are truly over.
Mass Concentration
Our offensives must be decisive, and as such we will make sure that each of them proves unstoppable for our enemies. In short, everything will be used to overwhelm whoever stands against us, most importantly, men. Determined, well trained masses of men following an armoured spearhead, destroying any resistance mounted against us.
Form the Reserves
Along with a core of professional soldiers, every man has to serve in the Army for some time, and can be called to serve up until his forties, undergoing re-training and manoeuvres every year. To make sure that we are truly ready for the coming war, we will create more reservist units made up of men still active in civilian life, but required to occasionally train and serve alongside professional units.
A Cheap Navy
Naval doctrine since the Great War and the new dominance of the German navy favours bigger, ever more heavily armed, and ever slower ships, true fortresses of the sea: almost as if our Teutonic friends have something to compensate for! We simply cannot afford such heavy investment, and French naval doctrine has always preferred smaller, faster ships anyway.
Specialised Training
We cannot field the vast armies of the Commune, instead through arduous training we must make sure every French soldier is worth ten Red poor bastards, and at the very least twenty Boches. Furthermore, by creating more specialised units, marines, mountain troops, or paratroopers, we can make sure we always have specialists ready for whatever the coming war throws at us.
Forces Preservation
Our manpower is precious: every man will serve in some way his country, and we cannot afford to waste a single life. By embedding top-notch medical units within our forces, we will make sure that each wounded soldier will be treated as promptly and effectively as possible, to make sure that he might live to fight another day.
Equipment Improvements
As war looms, we must make sure the equipment of the French soldier stays on par with the latest advances: a specialised military research department working in cooperation with our allies will be funded. The French infantryman, already the bravest the world has known, will also be the best equipped: nothing will be able to hinder him.
Develop Counter Measures
Mordacq is of course not the only one who has understood the value of aerial support in the coming war: our air force will of course fight to hell and back to protect our infantry units, but by equipping our men with anti-aircraft guns, they will not be defenceless against aerial assault should they find themselves vulnerable.
Enemy Destruction
Destruction, destruction, destruction, this what must stay on the minds of our officers and soldiers: no longer is war a gentlemanly affair, no longer is war an affair of positions with long stretches of inaction in-between carnage. Such conflicts must be left in the past: our strategy now relies on rapid action, total war and the utter crushing of our enemy before they can take action against us.
Trade Warfare
The Internationale might still hold on the mainland, but their war machine cannot run without the resources sent to them from all over the world by syndicalist allies or unscrupulous neutral nations: by targeting ships transporting vital war resources bound for the Commune, we will easily be able to stall their red horde.
Trade Warfare
Total War
Much like the revolutionaries of 1792, we stand against overwhelming odds. And yet, they triumphed. Just like then, the entire nation will be mobilised for the coming war effort, so that one day we might be able to free France from her red shackles: millions of French are ready to give everything to achieve this dream, or die trying.
War of Production
Since the Exile, the industrial capacity of the Empire has been greatly developed, but it's still not enough to fulfil the needs of our armed forces: a great effort will be asked of our citizens, they will have to work harder and better than ever before to give our fighting men a chance. But we can promise one thing: in the end, this will all be worth it.
War in the Minds
War is not just won on the battlefields or even in the factories. Spirit is also crucial: the morale of the infantry must of course be kept up, but on the homefront too we must make sure that each and every one of our citizens is keenly aware that every one of them has a role to play in the war effort. It's only once the entire nation is united in spirit, working towards victory, that we will be able to achieve our destiny.
Factories Investments
Of course, hard work alone cannot be enough to boost our production capacities: we will heavily invest in industries important for the war effort, opening new factories and developing already existing ones, all the while training the working men and women how to use newer machinery, specialised to fit our needs.
Resource Management
Not just the people, but the very soil of our nation must be put to contribute to help towards the war effort. Thankfully, we have access to the vast riches of the empire. Private war resource exploitations will be heavily monitored to make sure that everything needed for the armed forces gets into the right hands and no delay is tolerated.
Mobilise Every Man
France is a nation of citizen soldiers and each man from age 20 to 45 knows his duty: those not needed in critical industries will be ready for active duty at a moment's notice. These brave men, heroes all, some who saw the horrors of the Great War, some too young to even remember the beauty of the mainland, will fight to the end to free their compatriots.
Use Everything
More, we need more, always more. More guns, more war materials, more men. Everything must be thrown in this ultimate effort. Some might consider this desperation, but we know the truth: this is the drive of men denied their birthrights. Like our ancestors sung as they fought the armies of the tyrants of Europe: \
Replace §YResources Management§! and §YMobilise Every Man§! with §YUse Everything§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_DOCKYARD_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!\nMobilisation Speed: §G+5.00%§!\nResource Gain Efficiency: §G+5.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_EFFICIENCY_GAIN_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!
Firestorm Doctrine
Firestorms are a terrifying thing, advancing hundreds of metres in mere seconds, destroying all in their path, only leaving a world of ash behind them. If France is to be saved, our armed forces must take on the Communard forces like a firestorm, destroying all in their wake without leaving the enemy a second to compose themselves, decisively destroying everything in their path until the métropole is freed.
Rain of Shells
Artillery has been one of the prides of the French Army for decades, and our expertise proved incredibly effective in the Great War. It would be foolish to abandon that heritage: we will make it an integral part of our new tactical considerations and blow apart anyone that stands against us.
Incineration
If we want to win this war, we must hinder at all costs our enemies' war capacities. Long range bombers will make sure that the enemies of France cannot live in impunity: we will target strategic sites with heavy aerial bombing, raising to the ground wherever might be used in the war effort against us.
Incineration
Death and Ruin
War is a tragedy. As such it must be quick, so that the orgy of violence can remain relatively limited. However, we cannot afford to let sentimentality get the better of us in these critical times, when the very salvation of France is at stake: our war will be quick, because nothing will be held back: each artillery barrage, each bombing, each offensive will be decisive, no matter the costs for our enemies.
Death and Ruin
Replace §YRain of Shells§! and §YIncineration§! with §YDeath and Ruin§!\nEffective Change:\n§YTowed Artillery§!: Soft Attack: §G+10%§!\n§YTowed Rocket Artillery§!: Soft Attack: §G+10%§!\nStrategic Bombing: §G+7.5%§!\n
Ministry of War
The Ministry of War is responsible for responding to the needs of our armies and more generally with organising and coordinating the war effort, from intelligence to logistics. As such, it plays a crucial role: now free from civilian interference and petty politicking, it can fully dedicate itself to our sacred duty: the liberation of the métropole.
General Estienne's Legacy
General Jean Estienne brought critical innovation to the French Army, pioneering aerial reconnaissance, and developing modern tactics to improve the coordination and effectiveness of artillery units. He was the first to recognise the potential of tanks and theorise their tactical and strategic use. He had brought us so close to victory in the Great War: if not for Nivelle's hasty dismissal, his presence and not just his legacy might live on in our forces today.
Professional Army
The French Army has traditionally relied on conscription, France being a nation of citizen-soldiers. However, we must adapt to our current situation: our manpower and resources are limited. We won't renounce conscription, but we will heed de Gaulle's advice and greatly expand our already existing core of professional troops.
Char de Rupture
We must focus our efforts on the development of medium-sized tanks, powerfully armed and well-armoured but mobile enough to lead the efforts of our infantry and force the enemy to retreat by their mere presence on the battlefield.
Char Forteresse
We must focus our efforts on the development of super-heavy tanks, with terrifying firepower and thick armour, true land battleships, a more mobile artillery that will pound the enemy forces into the ground, turning into dust any fortification that stands in its way.
Primacy of Manoeuvre
The coming war will be one of movement, our strategists, de Gaulle first among them, are certain of this. With tanks leading our assaults and highly mobile troops, we will be able to travel vast distances while boasting strong firepower, ensuring a quick victory against whoever stands in the way of the Libération.
Queen of the Battlefield
The infantry is the queen of the battlefield, without her nothing could be achieved: thankfully the French infantryman is the finest in the world, motivated by his \
Investments in Hotchkiss
Hotchkiss a large industrial conglomerate, focused primarily on the production of shells and artillery. A long-time provider of our armed forces, the company successfully reimplemented itself in Algeria following the exile: their cooperation in the coming war effort will help us modernise our armaments.
Heir to the old 75
The 75 mm field gun, in service since 1898, was the wonder weapon, the perfect light anti-personnel artillery piece and the pride and joy of our armies. The Great War however showed its limitations as heavier guns proved critical in trench warfare, and though light it is not suited to motorised warfare: a worthy successor will be designed.
Ammunition Innovations
The Ministry of War, in cooperation with the armament industry, has started a wide-ranging research and development effort, aiming for faster production of shells and ammo, ideally taking less resources as the metals required are rare in the empire, and more generally ammunition better suited for our needs. Our manpower is precious, and any advantage our men can attain in the field will be critical.
Colonial Special Force
Our colonial force, familiarly called \
Tactical Studies Centre
The French Army has traditionally left officers little room for initiative, focusing instead on strict adherence to orders, but our experience of the Great War has proved to us that tactical spontaneity is sometimes necessary. As such, our officers will be taught how to respond to a variety of situations in a more autonomous manner, and given the tools to make critical choices on the battlefield.
Research Improvements
As war looms, we must make sure the equipment of the French soldier stays on par with the latest advances: a specialised military research department working in cooperation with our allies will be funded. The French infantryman, already the bravest the world has known, will also be the best equipped: nothing will be able to hinder him.
Jeune Garde Officers
A new generation of senior officers has been born, following the example of Charles de Gaulle and his ideas for reform of the armed forces. This \
Fire and Movement
To replace the vast infantry waves of the Great War which led so many good men to their deaths for little tactical and strategic results, we will instead adopt new squad-based tactics, using heavy suppressing fire and mobile units to outmanoeuvre then neutralise the enemy.
Infiltration tactics, that is the use of experienced units to bypass strong-points and better attack them from a more favourable point were used with great effect by German storm troops in the latter part of the Great War. It would be foolish of us to ignore such an innovation, and with our new focus on highly professional troops we will ensure that our men are well acquainted with these tactics.
Ministry of the Air
The Ministry of the Air is tasked with both organising our aeronautical efforts, such as civilian air transport, and our air forces, which proved so useful in the Great War and which according to our military thinkers will prove even more critical in the coming war, as technological progress enables new air tactics and strategy.
Total Air War
Many of the younger generation of officers argue for large scale use of air support for the infantry, but others have also suggested that we should not shy away from using our air force to destroy enemy infrastructure and industry in a more generalised manner: we are not in a position to avoid total war, and turning the enemies' resources to rubble can only help us.
Air Coordination Centre
We will create a dedicated command centre for our air forces, so that they are best assigned according to their strength and weaknesses instead of letting them be potentially misused by commanders with less experience of air tactics, and to ensure that the status of our forces in the air be monitored and controlled as best as possible, for example to mount rescue missions.
D.E.M Barrage
To coordinate offensive and defensive efforts in the air, the ministry will generalise the use of Electromagnetic Detection, immense antennas placed in strategic points using electromagnetic waves to detect aircraft.
DCA Network
To prevent any air forces from attacking us on our own soil, particularly in Corsica so close to the red mainland, we will develop a network of anti-aircraft artillery batteries and searchlights, highly coordinated by the Ministry of the Air.
Aircraft Production
The aircraft industry exploded during the Great War, and the government has made sure to generously subsidise it to facilitate its implementation in Algeria. Since then preparations for the next war have not stopped, especially since colonial conflicts have given us the opportunity to test our aircraft. With war finally on the horizon, we will mobilise the industry to the fullest.
Long Range Fighter
Corsica might be a floating airfield from which our planes can easily reach the mainland, but we nevertheless need fighters capable of patrolling the vast expanses of the Mediterranean as well as escort our bombers deep into red territory to destroy the Commune's industry. The Ministry will ensure that the development of heavy fighters is not neglected.
Tactical Bombers
Our military thinkers have realised the importance of coordinated air-land efforts, with infantry heavily supported by tactical air support, against defensive structures, enemy personnel or infrastructure. To implement these tactics, the Ministry of the Air will support the development of tactical bombers.
Transmitting Knowledge
France has a proud history in aeronautics, and the Great War produced many heroes of the air. But you can't learn to fly on the ground, and pilots are a rare commodity: we'll ensure our best aces become even better instructors and teach a younger generation how to exceed them.
New Air Tactics
The field of military aviation is a rapidly changing one, and our pilots must adapt their skills to ever changing technology: with new aircraft come new possibilities of offensive and defensive manoeuvres, new ways of coming out of a tense dogfight: extensive training in these new tactical advances will give an edge over our enemies.
Ministry of Naval Affairs
The Ministry of Naval Affairs, once tasked with overseeing the administration of both our colonies and our naval forces, is now solely dedicated to the needs of the Navy: control of the Mediterranean will be essential to retake the Métropole, as such the ministry will make sure that our navy can stand up to the Internationale.
A World-Class Navy
Most of the French Navy accompanied our government in exile to North Africa, as such our navy is large but many of our ships are outdated. In its current state, the navy could defend our shores, but it is uncertain how it would fare if someone were to attempt to contest our hold on the Western Mediterranean. We will strive for a large-scale overhaul.
An African Toulon
Toulon was the primary base of the Mediterranean fleet before the war, but since the exile it has been stationed on Lake Bizerte, a lagoon in northern Tunisia intensively developed by colonial authorities, with in particular a large arsenal in Ferryville. To meet our ambitions, Bizerte will be overhauled and developed further.
Heavy Destroyers
France's navy has always been developed with the assumption that it would fight a superior force. In the last century, a movement called the 'Jeune École' advocated for the use of many smaller ships instead of large dreadnoughts: this idea is now outdated. The ministry will instead encourage the development of well-armed destroyers, a middle ground between our traditional doctrines and the international trends.
Aviation Cruisers
The field of naval aviation has been somewhat left behind by the international community, locked in a permanent arms race: this is a race we could not win, instead we will radically change our doctrine and encourage the use of air power in naval warfare, for reconnaissance and precision strikes.
Sea Leviathans
We might not be able to compete with Germany or Japan in the naval arms race, but we certainly can attempt to knock out any of our Mediterranean opponents with well armed heavy battleships: this might go against previous doctrines, but our current situation means it is time for some innovation.
Air Carriers
The current naval arms race is misguided: by developing aircraft carriers, we will ensure that we can keep control over the Mediterranean by bombing our enemies and sinking them to the depths of the sea before we are even within range of their guns.
Preparing Our Return
To reconquer the métropole, we need to land on its shore, a fight that the Commune has been expecting for two decades: it will be anything but simple. We must prepare as much as we can, as there will be no second chance. The Ministry will invest in the development of anything that could help our amphibious assault.
Invasion Logistics
However, the amphibious assault is merely the first part, we must ensure that our troops can secure a lasting bridgehead. And for this, there is only one way to prepare: impeccable logistics, so that the men lucky enough to be the first to set foot on the sacred soil of the Patrie can hold back any counterattack the Reds might attempt.
Develop the Forces Sous-Marines
The Commune lacks many resources essential to the modern war effort, most importantly, oil. Keeping control of the Mediterranean will be a strong step towards isolating them from their allies or neutral states willing to trade with them, but a large fleet of submarines will give us the capacity to harass their convoys even more efficiently.
Bataille d'Escadres
The battle for the Mediterranean won't be won with a single engagement, and we need to think strategically. By creating task forces, we will ensure our ships have clear roles and that they will be easily more coordinated, and our naval commanders will be taught how to think on a larger scale.
Fate of Equatorial Africa
With great mourning, we signed away most of French Equatorial Africa at the conclusion of the Great War. We had hoped that it would only be a temporary affair, but with discontent brewing at home, we had no choice but to acquiesce to the Germans. While a capable administrator, Raphaël Antonetti has declared his intention to step down from office forcing us to face the reality of the situation.
Rebuild French Sudan
Recent unrest has destroyed much of the infrastructure of the French Sudan, as famines and discontent at our policies led to popular revolt. The unrest was quelled with some difficulty by native elites and our armies, but to go back to normal we need to restore the means of communication with the arid interior of our empire, and restart economic life.
Saharan Infrastructure Society
Our hold over our sub-Saharan colonies relies upon the safe passage of our ships through the straits of Gibraltar and down the coast of Africa unhindered. Neither of those outcomes can be assured in any future wars. We must focus on the construction of a rail line to link up Algeria with French West Africa below us!
Expand Communications in the Colonies
As the radio becomes more widespread, it can be used as a tool to help us effectively govern over the territory we control. We must work towards getting radios into the hands of government officials across our country, so that even the most isolated villages of the Sahel know they are a part of France and ready to serve the interests of the motherland.
The Riches of Africa
This a continent of great untapped potential. From the arid Sahel to the mountains of the Atlas and the more lush Senegal, we must double our efforts to see that more resources be extracted to participate in the coming war effort and help us liberate the Métropole!
Reform l'Indigénat
France remains free within her colonial territories. However, unrest is growing among the native population: with the loss of the mainland, the French colonial empire is weaker than ever, and some natives see this as an opportunity to end once and for all the French subjugation of their people. We must reform the 'Indigénat'!
Promote the Foreign Legion
In order to retake the Métropole, we need more recruits to land on the beaches and push into the heartland of occupied France! To entice more soldiers into the Army, a propaganda line shall be spun with promises of increased conditions and rights for those who enlist within the Foreign Legion to fight and liberate France.
Colonial Extraction
While some believed that we ought to ease the burdens on our colonial populace due to our shared circumstance of our exile, that plan is foolhardy. If we are to retake the Métropole, we must double down in our extraction of the resources from the colonies and make room for additional factories to produce what we need to return home!
Meet With Native Chiefs
In order to facilitate the process of assimilation of the peoples of the colonies into French society, we must reach out to and contact native leaders. If we can teach them of our ways and get them to live according to our customs, they can act as lighthouses to their neighbours showing the benefits of becoming assimilated into French culture!
Push the Civilising Mission
It is our ultimate purpose to be beacons of society to the people of this continent. We must be the city on the hill that they look to for inspiration.
Promote Autonomy
One of the greatest crimes committed by the Third Republic was colonialism undertaken with the purpose of making sure that the Germans didn't get ahead of us in terms of global influence. Far too long have we spent trying to force our civilisation upon the natives of Africa. They must be granted greater autonomy from [NFA.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]!
Algiers Conference
With our return to the Métropole it is time to call together a gathering of senior officials from our colonial government to decide upon how we will govern them in the future. We will assemble native elites, administrators, representatives from the economic forces and missionaries to hash out a better colonial policy as the exile ends.
France Indivisible
Since the revolution, France has been divided by ideology. But no more, we have won this struggle through sheer force of will. It will take time and effort to stabilise the nation and return to our rightful place on the world stage, but nothing is impossible for the united French people.
Rebuild Legitimacy
For many of our people, we are still enemies, an occupying force. Two decades of Communard propaganda does not go away in a few weeks: we have reconquered most of France, we still need to reconquer the hearts and minds of her people.
Endear the Population
Now is not the time for a closed fist, but an open hand towards our reunited brothers. We will engage in a wide-scale relief effort, and make sure our people know that we are here as liberators of the French nation, not conquerors.
Trials of the Commune
The leaders of the revolutionary rabble must be put on trial for their treason. Some are still on the run, either in foreign countries or in the pockets of resistance against us, some have willingly surrendered: all will be brought to justice and they will answer for their innumerable crimes.
The Returning Exiles
Slowly, a mass of exiles is arriving in Toulon, in Marseilles, having left behind Algeria, that they had to call home for so long. None of them know what they will find in their homeland, what has changed and if their lives could simply restart where they had left them decades ago: they only know one thing, that they want to return to their Motherland.
France is in ruins, with many of its cities and infrastructure deeply affected by the fighting, sabotage by retreating Communard troops or our resistance networks, and campaigns of aerial bombings. A commission will be granted all the funds and power needed to kickstart the rebuild of our nation.
Relocate Algerian Industry
Most of France's industrial elites went into exile when the revolution succeeded. They took their expertise and capital with them, and thanks to government support successfully relocated to the Algerian departments. Now it is time for them too to come home.
Reverse Collectivisation
Most of France's industry has been collectivised, along with much of its land. Radically challenging this status quo so soon would no doubt lead to revolt. But, little by little, we must and will carefully undo this injustice.
Expand Resource Extraction
The Commune was inefficient in extracting the natural resources of France for the war effort: isolated, it partially led to their defeat. We won't make the same mistakes. Thanks to our expertise in getting the most from our arid dominion, we will ensure that the natural riches of the nation serve us adequately.
Rebuild the South
Focusing on the port infrastructure of the cities on the Mediterranean and the south-west Atlantic coast will help us smooth the transfer of people and industry from the colonies as well as receive help from our allies.
Rebuild the North
The bulk of the French industry is in the north of the country, on top of its coal and metal mines, and all roads and railroads lead to Paris. Already damaged by the heavy fighting of the Great War, the recent conflict was certainly not kind either to the region. Our rebuilding efforts must be intensified to ensure France is ready to stand tall as an economic power once again.
Rebirth From The Ruins
There is much to be done still, and total reconstruction will take years, maybe even a decade or more. But the national effort for the revival of the nation is finally truly underway, and our people are industriously working to make France a great, proud power once again.
Reorganise the French Forces
In exile, even with the important contribution of the Indigènes, our manpower was strictly limited. Despite such odds, we have triumphed: now that the mainland is reconquered, many Frenchmen are ready to take up arms to fight for the motherland. Some reorganisation will be needed to accommodate them, but soon France will be able to field numerous armies once again.
Rebuild Military Complexes
Much of the industry needed for the war effort was destroyed in the conflict, either through strategic bombing or through sabotage. The future is uncertain, and further conflict is not unlikely: we will rebuild our industrial capabilities to be prepared should such a conflict arise.
Officer Amnesty
Not all of the men who served the revolution are irredeemable. In particular, many of the younger officers were simply indoctrinated in serving the revolution, or even worse, simply believing this was the best way to serve France: after a suitable period of desyndicalisation, many will join our ranks.
Reintegrate the Red Army
We cannot afford to waste good officers: despite its terrible organisation, the Communard Army was full of brave men serving France in the best way they knew. Now that the revolution has been defeated, many are realising their mistakes and hope to continue to defend the patrie. We won't refuse their help.
Lessons of the Reconquête
The war was a gruelling experience, pitting brothers against brothers. But it has also permitted us to put our doctrinal theories to the test, and develop numerous new ones in the heat of the fight. As we drastically expand our armed forces and retrain officers, we will learn from their and our experiences of the fight, and further, develop our doctrine.
Remodel Tank Production
The Commune's strategists and tacticians had fully embraced the use of armour on the battlefield, influenced by our successes in the latter days of the Great War: with access to the riches of the mainland, we will be able to make use of their expertise to develop new, better tanks that will serve us well in the future.
Amnesty for Scientists
In exchange for amnesty, many of the scientists who served the cause of revolution are ready to mend their ways. As long as they swear fidelity to the new status quo, we will welcome them so they continue furthering France's renown and developing new technological prowesses.
Troupes de Choc
The war has proved to us the usefulness of specialised troops, such as paratroopers or marines, in securing limited objectives critical to the success of larger operations, especially when dealing with limited manpower. We will further develop their training regimen and study the experience of the Commune in this domain to develop even better shock troops.
World Class Navy
A strong state deserves a strong navy. Though we are unlikely to catch up to our British friends, we must further increase our naval strength to maintain our hold on the Mediterranean and ensure the link with the colonies.
Rebuild Toulon
Toulon has been the base of our Mediterranean navy for centuries: its port and arsenals were damaged in the conflict and needs repairs to be able to renew its long legacy. We will take the opportunity to expand the base as well, as our priorities have shifted towards control of the sea.
Focus on the Oceans
With the reconquest of France, we now have access to numerous ports on the Atlantic. Having focused for so long on the Mediterranean, our navy is simply not well equipped to contest control of the Atlantic Ocean. There might be a time where we cannot rely on our British allies, and so we must develop an ocean-going fleet, in particular aircraft carriers.
Rule the Seas
We can rely on the British for control of the Atlantic, instead, we will focus on enhancing even further our stranglehold on the Mediterranean: should any conflict arise, our enemies will not be able to rely on shipping lines through our sea.
Worldwide Bases
France stretches across Europe and the Americas: we must use this strength to the fullest. By dotting bases all over our overseas possessions, we will be able to vastly expand our range of action.
Protect the Sea Lanes
To defend our vast empire should hostilities break out once again, we must defend our shipping and communication lanes, taking inspiration from our expertise in fighting back against Communard attempts at disrupting our trade.
Plus Oultre
If we want to entertain hopes of maintaining control over the empire, we cannot rely on allied or neutral ports to refuel and repair our ships. As such, developing the operating range of our naval forces is essential, to go always further beyond.
Old Skies, New Fighters
Mediterranean Airway
Travelling by sea between mainland France and the Algerian departments is time-consuming, especially as the Mediterranean is known to be capricious, particularly in winter. Now that the métropole has been freed, we will establish regular air travel between us and our overseas possessions.
Old Skies, New Fighters
With access to more resources and Communard research and expertise, we will be able to develop better fighter planes to defend the skies of the homeland, should war rear its ugly head once again.
Bomber Development
Air bombardment proved crucial in the war, destroying both infrastructure and morale. There is no doubt that strategic and tactical bombing will continue to be exceedingly important in the future, and as such we must stay on the edge of progress in this domain.
Expand the Deuxième Bureau
Intelligence was critical in the last conflict, as we worked together with loyalists within the Commune to create ideal conditions for the reconquest. Covert operations and counter-intelligence will no doubt be just as important in the future, and so our intelligence services will have to be expanded.
Salvage Damocles
The Internationale had started developing nuclear research, in the hopes of creating an ultimate, war-ending weapon. They were defeated before they had time to unleash this, but we will salvage this research and further it, so that atom might serve the greatness of France instead of the revolution.
Develop the Fusées
Rockets played a minor role in the war, either mounted on trucks or even carrying flying bombs without the need of a pilot. The latter is certainly a concept to expand, as this could mean being able to strike distant targets in near impunity.
Réaction Propulsion
Plans for jet-propelled planes had been made but never came to fruition: the exile had divided French resources in the development of military aviation, but we are now reunited. We will develop planes capable of outmanoeuvring any of our enemies and assert their air superiority no matter who we face.
No More Incursions
The airspace of the patrie must be an impenetrable fortress, so that our people never again have to endure bombings again.
Reorganised French Forces
Plus Oultre
Deuxième Bureau
Renewed Diplomacy
With our return to the Métropole now looking considerably more solid, we can finally return to the world stage! Our time in exile has shown us the need to avoid diplomatic isolation, and so we will reach out to both our allies and the Germans, despite our enmities.
The Verdun Memorial
The end of the Second Weltkrieg reminded many of the results of the first. Again, millions of people died in the war, villages were razed and the economy was destroyed. Opening a shared memorial for the French and the German peoples in Verdun to commemorate the losses of the Weltkrieg could be the first step towards a mending of tensions with the Germans.
Franco-German Cooperation
With the first step done, it may be time to work deeper towards burying the hatchet with the Germans. Their help, much as we loathe to admit it, was necessary for us to return to the Métropole, and plunging Europe into another war we would struggle to win might be folly. Now must be the time for peace.
Franco-German Trade
It is undeniable that the German Empire is now the dominant power in Europe, both militarily and most importantly economically, despite the recent economic meltdown. As we strive to reposition ourselves on the world stage, perhaps aligning ourselves with Mitteleuropa is the right choice for the prosperity of France.
Franco-German Business
In the hope of making the current détente with the Germans a lasting one, several businessmen have approached our government requesting that we help them find contacts in the German sphere to create cross-national corporations for the benefit of both of our nations.
Congress of Verdun
Germany and France have long been rivals: no place is a better representative of this than Verdun, this gate between two great nations where so many fell in 1916. It is also where in 843, France and Germany were first separated by the heirs of Charlemagne. Many diplomats are hoping it could also be where a congress for lasting peace is called, and perhaps where a new Franco-German relationship could be born.
Indestructible Bonds
Throughout the exile, the British always remained at our side. Together, we fought through the reconquest of our home territories to return to our birthright. Our rivalry from hundreds of years ago has been put to rest through the fires of the last few decades of friendship between our two nations! Long live the Entente Cordiale!
Anglo-French Free Trade
While our nations are no longer the globe-spanning behemoths that they were before the Great War, our influence together is still vast. We must move towards a policy of free trade amongst our combined Anglo-French spheres.
§RBreaking our agreement with the Germans will cost us severely!§!
Guard the Channel
The channel is the lifeblood that connects France and Britain. We must work towards keeping it secured against any threat that prowls. A system of long-range radars to scan for threats is the first step to securing the channel.
Reimplement Conscription
France has always been a nation of citizen-soldiers. Frenchmen all serve a few years in the armed forces, a tradition that was kept alive both in the Commune and in exile. This service had recently been suspended to free up men for reconstruction: in light of recent tensions, we will reactivate mandatory military service.
Secure the Eastern Border
The failures of 1919 must never be repeated! Our lines must hold firm in any future wars against the Germans on our eastern border. We must build stronger fortifications to repel their advances wherever they come from.
Never Shall We Fall Again
The exile has taught us a harsh lesson! Never again will France fall to invaders or revolutionaries. We shall redouble any effort to defend the patrie with all that we have. France will always stand tall and proud against any threat!
Prepare for War with Germany
The Boches have proved time and time again that they are forever the enemies of the people of France. The atrocities they committed against us in the last two wars and their current attitude make any hope of reconciliation null. If a third war is needed, we will be ready to avenge our heroes and destroy the monstrous chimaera known as Germany!
Demand the Return of Alsace-Lorraine
Since 1870, the Germans have occupied the French territory of Alsace-Lorraine. We must right this wrong and demand that it be surrendered to France! If the Germans refuse our terms, we will have no choice but to renew our fury against these enemies of peace and civilisation!
Joint Franco-British Naval Strategy?
Long have the British ruled the seas. With our friendship and alliance between our two nations, we have the opportunity to request the aid of some naval experts to help teach us their tactics and work together to ensure better coordination between our task forces in any joint operations that we undertake in the future.
[ENT.GetName] Experts
The Kings Made France...
France was born in 508 with the baptism of Clovis, king of the Franks: since then, his descendants have reigned upon France and led her countless times to glory. France was built by the tireless efforts of her kings, and without them she was nothing: orphaned, she erred and fell. But this tragedy is over, long live the King!
Recognise the Pays Naturels
In an effort to destroy the true France, the Republicans in their manic obsession with rationality created entirely artificial administrative subdivisions, denying any local identities, dialects and traditions, going as far as imposing the Parisian dialect as 'proper' French. We will undo this injustice and recognise the various natural and cultural regions within France.
Restore the Provincial Parliaments
The realm had traditionally been divided between various provinces, each with their own assemblies tasked with administering their area according to local rights and privileges, ensuring that each part of France was ruled in a perfectly tailored way. These provincial parliaments were of course abolished by the Revolution, ending centuries of harmonious autonomy: they will be restored.
Expand the Camelots
The Camelots du Roi, youths originally tasked with selling the Action Française newspaper, have evolved into an intensely loyal paramilitary force. By making membership mandatory for youngsters and organising youth camps inspired by scouting to teach useful skills as well as instil strong religious values and respect of authority, we will be able to undo the damage inflicted by the Commune upon the young generation.
Authority not Tyranny
Much like subordination is not slavery, authority must not be tyranny. The King must and will be akin to a loving father, firm when needed, ready to give impartial justice, but otherwise leaving his children, the people, free to enjoy their natural rights and exercise their traditional privileges and freedoms.
Glorify the House of France
The House of France, that is the royal family, have proved time and time again their personal qualities. Brave, pious, intelligent, caring, each a worthy descendant of Saint Louis and model for all of us. Some of our freed countrymen might still be coming to terms with the restored monarchy, we must make sure they know how lucky they are to be once again led by the Dynasty.
Enforce the Social Doctrine
The Social Doctrine of the Church is a wide ranging compendium of teachings related to the Common Good of society. More than political ideas, they are a moral imperative for any true Catholic to follow, demanding subsidiarity, solidarity, and human dignity. As the monarch of the Eldest Daughter of the Church, the king will ensure that these principles are scrupulously followed by all.
Consecration to the Immaculate Heart
Since 1638, France has been consecrated to the Virgin Mary, now eternal Queen of France. But to show our gratitude towards the Holy Mother for her protection which permitted us to reconquer her kingdom, we will renew this vow, this time consecrating the realm to her Immaculate Heart, symbol of her compassionate love for all people.
Blame the Gueuse, Accuse the Boches
Because of the pathetic elites of the Republic, the war was lost. Then, much like the Germans had encouraged the existence of the Gueuse to weaken France in 1871, they inoculated the nation with the socialist plague during the Great War. They wanted France weak and divided: no more! The king has finally returned, our misled people have awoken, and the Anti-France, republican or syndicalist, has been cast out.
Found the Cercle Proudhon
We will create a 'Cercle Proudhon', a think-tank made up of National-Syndicalist leaders inspired by the works of Proudhon, Sorel, and, more surprisingly, Charles Maurras. They are the most amiable of the syndicalist factions: we will make use of their popularity to help our people make peace with the new order.
Proletarians no More!
The 1789 Revolution stripped our people of their traditional rights and privileges, turning them into an exploited class, the proletariat at the mercy of Capital. The Anti-France capitalised on their righteous anger, leading them further astray. No more! Their rights restored, there is no longer a single proletarian in France, only proud artisans, proud peasants, proud workers.
The King Saved Her!
The real France has long suffered under the tyranny of her enemies, whether they be parasitic republicans or ungodly socialists. Much work remains to be done to undo the damage, but the nation is finally recovering under the caring and watchful guidance of her rightful monarch.\nVive le Roi! Vive la France!
Replace §YA Returning Monarch, Cercle Proudhon, Restored Provincial Parliaments, Expanded Camelots,§! and §YEnforced Social Doctrine§! with §YAn Integral Monarch§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: §Y-5.0%§!
The Marshal Triumphant
The Lion, hero of Verdun, who has led France in her darkest hour now stands victorious. His regime, once so decried, has proven itself to be the salvation of France. No one would dare to question the Marshal or his allies of the Redressement Français after accomplishing such a feat, and they are free to reform France according to their agendas.
Rekindle the Memory of Verdun
Though Pétain has been viciously slandered by Communard propaganda for years, even this effort could not make Frenchmen forget that he is the man who led them towards victory at Verdun and greatly improved living conditions at the front. An entire generation still vividly remembers his fateful call: \
Restore Religious Freedom
The deeply anticlerical leftists sought to break the Church. Though state atheism was too much of a risk for the Reds to take, the faithful were derided and bombarded with propaganda, religious education was banned, and public expression of religion was hardly constrained. No more: though France remains a secular state, this antagonising of religion will immediately stop.
Incentivise Philanthropy
The State will always be inefficient to meet the people's needs, and a welfare state would only encourage parasitism: instead the more philanthropic among our people will be encouraged by tax breaks and honours to donate to and care for the needy, so that one day state socialism will be fully dismantled.
Denounce Party Politics
The Third Republic fell into instability, which led us to our defeat in the Great War, while the Marshal had to put a stop to the petty infighting of the exiled Republic. Clearly, party politics are to blame for much of this, as individuals chose their group interests over what was best for France. Elected officials will no longer affiliate with parties, and instead will have to shine of their own merit.
Apolitical Permanent Advisors
Too often, the French governments and lawmakers put in place legislation without knowing the first thing about the topic in question, whether that be industry, science or the economy. As such the Marshal will appoint permanent, apolitical technical advisors to every committee, every commission, to ensure that the uninformed mistakes of the past do not occur again.
Streamlined Electoral System
The Republican electoral system was far too prone to being abused by the whims of a people easily whisked into frenzy. To prevent the instability that led to the downfall of France, we will deeply reform it. Longer mandates, less MPs, merely partial renewal of parliament, of course empowering the executive or creating a Supreme Court will surely make for more rational politics.
A Government of Disinterested Experts
No longer will France be run into the ground by inept professional politicians, instead it will thrive under the guidance of pragmatic men, free from the influence of any parties, no longer slaves to political passions, who have worked and succeeded on their own before being called to serve France.
Dismantle the Red Virus
Like an insidious malady, socialism has spread over the last century in French consciousnesses, from deranged intellectuals, to politicians, to the humblest of labourers. It first led to economic stagnancy, then instability, and finally revolution and civil war. If we want to avoid reliving the same nightmare, this red plague must be fought in every aspect of life, meticulously rooted out.
Administrative Reorganisation
The pre-war administration was simply a waste. Too many subdivisions, too many bureaucrats, using too many resources and creating too many regulations, which led to increased taxes, less productivity, less production. Simply put, administrative red tape merely stifled the best and brightest while only increasing the burden on others: it's time to cut it down to the minimum.
End State Meddling
The French Republic has countless times pathetically attempted to participate in the economy, leading more often than not to embarrassing failure: bureaucrats who have hardly ever held a real job are simply not well versed in the subtle art of profit. It's time to end this masquerade and restrict the role of the state to what it does best: hold up the rule of Law.
Marshal Above,\nLiberty Below
Thanks to the caring guidance of the Lion, France is ready to go forward. Much work remains to be done, but Frenchmen can finally rest easy, knowing that the brightest and most competent minds of our era have been assembled to undo the damage done by syndicalism and avoid the errors of the bloated quasi-socialist Third Republic. Never again will the rule of law be threatened.
Replace §YNational Revitalisation, New Politics,§! and §YAdministrative Reorganisation§! with §YA Technocratic State§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_RESEARCH_SPEED_FACTOR$: §G+2.50%§!
The Republic Back in Charge!
After years of struggle at home and abroad against tyranny, the French Republic is one and indivisible again. Much remains to be done, but the free people of the world can celebrate this triumph of democracy and liberty!
Prepare New Elections
The mainland reconquered, we must show that our promises of democracy were true. The French people will express their sovereign will in the first legislative elections in years, so that their representatives may be elected and get to work on the arduous task of rebuilding our nation.
The Colonel's Gambit
France is still deeply unstable: parliamentarism is what led her to her downfall more than two decades ago, and we will not make the same mistake again. To ensure the future stability of the Republic, de La Rocque has appealed to the heroes of the reconquest and stepped in to maintain order until a new, more stable democracy is crafted.
Radical Reconciliation
The left-wing of the Radical party had backed the revolution, before being largely sidelined by more radical socialists. They have now seen the errors in their ways and the reunited Radicals have won the day: social reform will help our people more smoothly transition back to republicanism.
Maintain the Concentration
To protect the reunited Republic against radicalism and tyranny from both right and left, moderate Republicans have formed a broad moderate coalition and won the day, ensuring a return to normalcy after decades of troubles: the spirit of the Third Republic lives on.
Revive the National Bloc
It is the duty of every Frenchman to stand tall against the ever-lurking socialist threat: a broad coalition of right-wing parties, from more traditional Catholics conservatives to the PSF, has won the day, decisively showing that our people want to once and for all put behind them the errors of the past.
Maintain Military Rule
France is simply not yet ready to return to democracy, too many threats seeking to tear apart the Republic are lurking. Our armed forces so recently crowned with the laurels of victory will temporarily hold on to power until stability is fully restored and democratic life can safely resume.
Administrative Decentralisation
Attempting to undo decades of syndicalist efforts in decentralisation would be simply foolish: while France has since the dawn of the Republic been a very centralised nation, there is nothing stopping us from simply adapting to this new status quo, and reform it to better fit the restored order.
Legitimise Reformist Unions
Denied reform, workers turned to violence and class warfare in the hope of bettering their conditions, and thus was born the revolution. To prevent such tragedy, dialogue between capital and labour must happen and reform must be possible: unions that officially renounce revolutionary rhetoric will be welcomed back within workplaces, even if they profess some form of socialism.
Negotiate New Labour Laws
Under the auspices of the government, labour and capital, as well as representatives from various parties and interest groups, have joined together to discuss reforms to labour laws, often sidestepped in the wake of the syndicalist defeat. Our people can and must be confident in the Republic's tireless defence of their interests.
Abolish the Death Penalty
In 1791 already our forefathers had passionate debates relating to the end of capital punishment, and since then our great men, such as Hugo, Gambetta, Clemenceau, Jaurès have tirelessly advocated for the abolition of the death penalty. It is finally time to take this step forward: the bloodlust of the guillotine has been satiated by these decades of fratricidal conflict.
Nationalise Public Services
Desyndicalisation has occasionally strayed zealously and aggressively far, in some domains leading to a drop in quality of life of our citizens: to correct this error, some public services will be nationalised, in order to deploy them according to the public interest and not profit.
Expand Welfare Reforms
Continuing and expanding the solidaristic welfare programmes in the vein of the Radical traditions will ensure that our people, still reeling from the war and struggling to rebuild our nation, will still be able to live decently and won't find themselves falling into nostalgia for the syndicalist regime.
Protect Secular Traditions
The 1905 laws on the Separation of the Churches and the State enshrined laïcité, strict secularism, as one of the pillars of the French Republic. This document, widely decried but ultimately born out of a spirit of conciliation, will be restored, ensuring that neither religious obscurantism nor far-left anticlericalism prevents the Republic from moving forward.
Disband the Dispos
The PSF's security service, the \
Reinstitute the Republican School
When the Republic was still young and fragile, it's mandatory, free education that solidified her position and conquered the hearts and minds of the French nation to Republican values and ideals. The Republic might be triumphant now, but much remains to be done to heal the scars of the last decades, and once again schools will be a critical battleground of ideas.
Enshrine Freedom of Speech
One of the fundamental rights outlined by the 1789 Declaration of Rights of Man and the Citizen was freedom of speech. Since then, this right has often been contested: both Communard authorities and the Pétain junta made liberal use of censorship, but no more! Freedom of speech shall be exalted as one of the pillars of the Republic.
Reorganise the Departments
The Commune had abolished the departments, the base administrative division of France. Designed to destroy feudal and cultural boundaries in 1789, they were decried as bourgeois, a remnant of the tyranny of so-called Reason. This abolition fostered regionalist sentiment: they will be restored, for a better, more efficient administration of France One and Indivisible, without caving to petty localisms.
Fight Regionalism
The federal nature of the Commune has emboldened regionalists, and some are openly asking for autonomy for their regions, particularly in Brittany and even in Corsica. Every inch given to these groups is one closer to separatism. Thankfully France has moved past such remnants of the past, she is One and Indivisible!
Normalise Church Relations
Relations between the Catholic Church and the Republic have been tense, to say the least, and since 1905 separation of Church and State official diplomatic relations had broken down. However, the Great War and our common opposition to the Commune has brought us closer, and we must now seek appeased relations with the Holy See.
Combat Polarisation
Crypto-Communards to the left, reactionaries to the right, here we are in the centre and we must stick together to prevent either kind of despotism from toppling the Republic once again. Politics must not be allowed to fall back into violent rhetoric and irreconcilable oppositions: the name of the game is compromise and unity against radicals.
Privatisation Frenzy
So much was seized and collectivised by the Commune that there is no way that a functional economy could be rebuilt if we just accepted the status quo: mass privatisation must continue to help France recreate a market economy.
Create a New Patronal Elite
Much of the old industrial elites had compromised themselves by throwing themselves at the feet of the military junta, and some whispers that they had plans of outright taking over the state apparatus. Frankly, they can't be trusted. Through the strategic use of government contracts and investments, we will make sure that the right kind of Republican patriots succeeds in the future.
Expand the Gendarmerie
The Gendarmerie must be expanded and reinforced to enforce order on the rural areas of France, still occasionally plagued by Communard remnants and where the devastation of the war and de-collectivisation has left many in difficult situations, with some turning to crime and the Black Market.
Discredit Republican-Socialists
The left-wing of the Radicals, who had thrown their lot in with the Revolution, before being marginalised by more radical socialist elements, are attempting to come crawling back to the Republic: we mustn't let traitors and crypto-Syndicalists infiltrate the halls of power.
Reinforce Presidential Powers
The Third Republic was notoriously unstable: we cannot make the same mistakes as our predecessors, some sort of check on parliamentary power is needed. The president of the Republic must play a unifying role instead of being confined to a purely ceremonial power.
Catholic Social Welfare
According to the social teachings of the Church, Christian solidarity requires that the state protects the dignity and well-being of our fellow man. As such, extensive welfare reform must take place, and private charity efforts will be strongly encouraged and subsidised.
Integrate Christian Regionalists
The Church demands subsidiarity, that is to say, that political decisions should be taken at the local level whenever possible, and the centralising urge of the Republic is rather Jacobin in nature. It is only just to welcome those who desire to protect their local traditions, particularly their attachment to the Faith. France is One, but denying her local particularities is foolish.
Christian Unions
Pope Leo XIII outlined in the encyclical Rerum Novarum the mutual duties and rights of capital and labour: among these is the right to unionise, and since then faithful Catholic workers have come together to defend their rights in faith-minded unions. These must be heavily promoted, to counterbalance any kind of remnant of socialist rhetoric among the working class.
Establish Regional Prefectures
The prefects and sub-prefects are the direct representatives of the state at the local level, with many responsibilities such as law enforcement. They are meant to be neutral checks on elected local authorities, freely nominated by the government. To prevent any future risk of instability, their powers will be extended and their total loyalty to the Republic ensured.
Restore Churches and Parishes
Though the Commune was not an explicitly atheistic state, it was certainly ferociously anticlerical, and many of our churches have suffered from lack of resources, if not from hostile acts, and war. We will embark on a large-scale restoration effort, providing work and an opportunity to expiate the errors of the past for many.
Blasphemy Laws
With a new Concordat in place, blasphemy laws will follow. Freedom of speech is, of course, an undeniable right, but freedom ends where the rights of others start: an offence against the religion of the majority of Frenchmen cannot be tolerated, especially as freedom of religion was so often abused by Reds acting under the mask of secularism.
Sign a New Concordat
The 1905 Laws of Separation of Churches and State were a tragedy engineered by radicals: denying the Catholic nature of France is simply a denial of reality and a deep injustice. A new Concordat will be agreed to with the Holy See, and France once again will proudly deserve her title of Eldest Daughter of the Church, a first step to restoring the place of the Faith in our nation.
Rule by Decree
To counter the revolutionary threat, an efficient government is needed. The new military junta under Colonel de La Rocque will not bother itself with the pageantry of parliamentary democracy: until order and stability are assured, decisions will be taken and applied by the Colonel, on the advice of patriotic experts in their fields.
Privatisations For Loyalty
To rebuild a functional market economy, privatisation is needed. But to ensure that the best men reap the profits of the renewed greatness of the French nation, it is patriots, loyal to France and the Colonel, that will be prioritised in the sale of formerly public assets.
Hunt Down Crypto-Syndicalists
Thorough purges of syndicalist elements have already taken place, but among newly professed loyalists the Republic hides many crypto-socialists, waiting for the right opportunity to strike again. Radical-socialists, \
The Social Role of the Engineer
The engineer is both a skilled technician and worker, and as such is the perfect link between the popular classes and capital. Engineers must add to their professional and technical skills a deep understanding of our institutions promoting class cooperation so that peace in the workplace can be guaranteed by patriots conscious of the importance of their duty to France.
Expand Corporatist Policies
France fell because of class conflict because neither capital nor workers respected their mutual duties to each other because they focused on ultimately petty issues of profit instead of their much greater mission: their duty towards their patrie. The government will ensure that these errors will not be repeated, and that class tensions are subjugated by Catholic brotherhood and love for France.
Patriotic Technical School System
The youths of France are distraught, lost in a new world: a system of patriotic technical schools will be created, for them to learn the practical skills that will be demanded of them in the workforce, as well as through apprenticeship and hands-on experience. From the lost children of the syndicalist cause, we will create a generation of workers proudly helping to rebuild the motherland.
A Social Republic
The Republic must be a loving, caring mother to her children and ensure to them all safety, well-being, healthcare, access to education, and a right to work. The syndicalist revolution was brought on by the terrible conditions of the working masses, leading France down towards a dark path out of desperation: the reborn Republic will not make the mistakes that tore her apart again.
A Liberal Republic
The Republic must be an impartial mother to her children, offering them all manners of freedom and liberty regardless of personal circumstances. Against all odds, the liberal ideals of the Third Republic have been kept alive despite anarchy and tyranny: the Republic reborn brandishes the torch of Liberty and once again shines bright, a true example to all lovers of Reason.
A Catholic Republic
In 1892, Pope Leo XIII had called on French Catholics to accept the Republic, to take France back from anti-Catholic forces. Despite unceasing persecution from liberals to socialists, the faithful have worked tirelessly, and half a century later, it has been done. Through our efforts, the French Republic has finally been baptised and never again will anyone question the piety of the Eldest Daughter.
A Strong Republic
The Third Republic fell because of its chaotic nature. This error led to defeat and exile: our reborn Republic will not allow the foolishness of the past to be repeated. Thanks to the leadership of the Colonel, under whom we are all united, France will rise again, her children united in a common purpose, the restoration of her glory.\nUnité!
Proclaim the Fourth Republic
To refound the Republic on stronger foundations, leaving the past truly behind, a new constitution has been drafted. It will enshrine our recent reforms and lead the Republic towards a renewed age of prosperity and prestige.\n\nLiberté! Égalité! Fraternité! Vive la France!
Social d'Abord
Colonel de La Rocque has led France through her darkest hour and will lead for the foreseeable future, to profoundly reforge the Republic and ensure that the tragedy that has torn apart our nation for the last decades never occurs again. Our people finally reunited will not let itself be divided again by the enemies of France.\nVive le Colonel! Vive la France!
The Army has supported the bid for new elections
The Army has supported DLR's bid for power
The Unity Government formed during the Exile has fallen apart
The Unity Government formed during the Exile remains intact
The Radicals have won a majority in the new elections
The Bloc National have won a majority in the new elections
The Unity Government will continue to rule our nation
A semblance of democracy must be shown off
Military rule shall continue in France
The fight for influence between the Bear and the Lion is currently ongoing
Pétain has won the fight for influence
The Comité de Salut National has been formed
Democracy has been restored in France
The Action Française rules the nation
Phase One of the Trans-Saharan Railway has been completed
Phase Two of the Trans-Saharan Railway has been completed
Phase Three of the Trans-Saharan Railway has been completed
Work has been started on the Trans-Saharan Railway
The Trans-Saharan Railway has been completed
The Trans-Sahara Railway is almost complete
The French Empire collapsed
This will allow us to §Grebuild our legitimacy§! in the eyes of the residents of the §CMétropole§!
§GThis focus will bypass when the Action Française has come to power.§!
§GThis focus will bypass when the Maréchal has secured his grip on power.§!
§GThis focus will bypass when the Comité du Salut National has come to power.§!
§GThis focus will bypass when the Union Sacrée has been installed.§!
The §YParti Social Français§! will become the §YAuthoritarian Democrat§!.\n
The §YParti Social Français§! will become the §YPaternal Autocrat§!.\n
Colonial Resistance
Recent Colonial Unrest: $VALUE|=-%0$
Crushed Rebellion: $VALUE|=-%0$
You will enter a coalition with the §YParti Radical§! and the §YParti Républicain Démocrate§! but the political power given by these two parties will only be §Ra quarter§! of the power given if they were in power
The §YParti Radical§! and the §YParti Républicain Démocrate§! will now give §Ghalf§! of the political power that would be given if they were in power
The §YParti Social Français§! will leave the coalition but the §YParti Radical§! will now give §Ghalf§! of the political power that would be given if it was in power
The §YParti Radical§! and the §YParti Républicain Démocrate§! will leave the coalition
We have returned back to the Métropole
Autonomous State
Colonial Exploitation
Replace §HColonial Resistance§! with §HColonial Exploitation§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_RESOURCES$: §G+25%§!\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_FACTORIES$: §G+25%§!\n$MODIFIER_LOCAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+50%§!\n$MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_TARGET$: §R+15%§!\n$MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_ACTIVITY_FACTOR$: §R+20%§!
Principality of Monaco
Since 1297 the Grimaldi princes reign over the Rock of Monaco. The short interruption during which Monaco was annexed into the Commune of France is now over and Prince Louis II Grimaldi is back in the Princely Palace. It is now time for him to re-open the casinos and make Monaco a destination of choice again.
Expanded Foreign Legion
$MODIFIER_RECRUITABLE_POPULATION$: [?0.05|+%2=]
§YFrench West African States§!
§YFrench African Colony States§!:\n Add the following:\n    $MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_TARGET$: §R+5.0%§!\n    $MODIFIER_COMPLIANCE_GAIN_ADD$: §G+0.01%§!
§YFrench African Colony States§!:\n Add the following:\n    $MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_TARGET$: §G-10.0%§!\n    $MODIFIER_COMPLIANCE_GAIN_ADD$: §R-0.01%§!
You can now integrate §YFrench African Colony States§! as §GCores§! in the French Union
§YFrench African Colony States§!:\n Remove the §YColonial Resistance§! modifier\n Disable Resistance and Compliance\n Add the following:\n    $MODIFIER_LOCAL_RESOURCES$: §G+15.0%§!\n    $MODIFIER_LOCAL_MANPOWER$: §G+20%§!
Currently diverting resources to a region in Africa
With the §GTrans-Saharan Railway§! complete, we will now be able to send troops by §Crail§! between §YAlgiers§! and §YFrench West Africa§!
National French Military Presence: $VALUE|=-%0$
Increases our maximum division count by $RIGHT|=+0$ until the completion of §H$NATFRA_France_indivisible$§!.
We will §Rblow the railway lines§! connecting §CAquitaine§! and §CCentral France§!, this should delay any Communard reinforcements as we push into §CAquitaine§!\n
We will §Rblow the railway lines§! connecting §CBurgundy§! and §CSouthern France§!, this should delay any Communard reinforcements coming from the §gFranco-German border§!\n
All owned states of §CMetropolitan France§!:\n   Is a core of §Y[NFA.GetNameWithFlag]§!
If §H[?target.GetName]§! is owned and controlled:
§Y[FROM.GetNameWithFlag]§! will delay their declaration of war for §Ysixty days§!.
£command_power §H20§! £pol_power §H10§!
£command_power §R20§! £pol_power §R10§!
It costs $CP_20_PP_10_blocked$ to take the decision
£command_power §H30§! £pol_power §H15§!
£command_power §R30§! £pol_power §R15§!
It costs $CP_30_PP_15_blocked$ to take the decision
Defeated and facing revolution, the French government chose exile, expecting the newly-established “Federation of the Communes of France” to collapse. As months turned into years, however, the Republic slipped into parliamentary chaos. The armed forces stepped in, forming a thinly-veiled junta under Philippe Pétain. A decade later the regime has stagnated, held together by the ageing Marshal whose reputation is smeared by accusations of despotism and nepotism. With unrest brewing, the French Republic stands at a crossroads but one thing is clear: her sacred duty to free the Métropole. The Exiles prepare for any opportunity to strike...
GFX_NFA_intro
The Situation of the French Republic - History
The Third Republic fell in the same way it came to be: in defeat by German arms and facing socialist unrest. As the civil war that followed the Revolution of 1920 came to a close, the government chose exile instead of surrender. They embarked with the Navy towards Algiers, hoping that this temporary situation would soon be resolved as the newly created Federation of Communes of France would undoubtedly either quickly collapse on itself, or be put down by the Kaiser.\n\nNeither happened, and instead a peace treaty was concluded between the German Empire and the Commune, with little to no regard towards the exiled government. The Commune was recognised as the successor of the French Republic by most of the newly German-aligned world, while the Exiles remained seen as the legitimate government by those who had fought beside them in the Great War. But the refugees refused to be cowed: they renewed their claim as the legitimate government of all of France and her empire and their commitment to the Entente, preparing for any opportunity to strike.\n\nHowever, the aftermath of the Exile proved highly unstable. The democratic forces were unable to form a lasting government, instead of descending ever further into petty squabbles, a situation made worse by tensions between Exiles and Pieds-Noirs colonists, and in 1926 the Army stepped in, declared a state of emergency, and formed a thinly-veiled junta under the Lion of Verdun, Philippe Pétain, supported by many heroes of the Great War, such as his protégé Admiral Georges Thierry d'Argenlieu and General Henri Mordacq. As supreme commander of the French military which holds a tight grip on the state, Pétain has total control over France, but the constitution has neither been amended nor annulled and as such the Republic and its institutions continue to exist on paper, though the Parliament does little more than rubber-stamp decisions made by the Marshal and his cadres.\n\nPolitical parties still exist and continue to operate to give to the population the illusion of democracy, though few are idealistic enough to believe they have any real power. The four main political parties are the Radical Party (RAD), the Democratic-Republican Party (PRD), an alliance born in exile of various traditional liberal-conservative parties, the French Social Party (PSF), and the French Action (AF).
The Situation of the French Republic - Political Situation
Marshal Pétain is convinced that authoritarian rule is needed for the salvation of France. While the prestige of the Radicals and the PRD is low, as they are seen as holding a share of responsibility in the Defeat and the Revolution as the main parties of the Third Republic, they still enjoy some popular support while the PSF created after the War by veterans is seen by many as striking the needed middle way between democracy and a strong rule: as such banning the parties would create more instability at a time when the Republic cannot afford it.\n\nOn the other hand, none of the democratic parties are strong enough to impose anything on the Marshal, still widely popular among veterans who see him as the Lion of Verdun, while the armed forces see him as the only one able to properly prepare France for the fight against the Internationale. But the regime's balancing act cannot last forever: the more democratically minded are beginning to lose confidence in the regime, while the royalists of the Action Française believe the salvation of France will only come through a toppling of the Republic and its institutions, an idea many within the Army and among traditional French and native elites are worryingly receptive to. To put it simply, the junta is slowly but surely losing political credibility and is now mainly held together by the prestige of Pétain.
The Situation of the French Republic - Growing Concerns
As if this lack of civilian support wasn't enough, trust in the Marshal is starting to erode within the Army, the backbone of the regime. Pétain's favouritism towards his protégés has put many in key positions, and though they certainly are competent, many officers are left behind while others worry that this could encourage doctrinal rot, that Pétain is surrounding himself with yes-men. Some within the Marshal's entourage have however been openly critical of this state of affairs, such as General Mordacq, and for now, this discontentment within the Army is limited to debate, as many hope that Pétain will eventually listen to his more reform-minded protégés. One thing is clear, however, an escalation of these divisions would prove disastrous for the regime.\n\nThe most important problem facing the nation, however, is simply its situation, in exile. Though in Algeria, officially annexed as part of France as an overseas department last century, Exiles and Pieds-Noirs settlers make up a significant part of the population, in some major cities even making up a majority, overall Europeans are still a small minority ruling over millions of natives, who despite being considered Frenchmen are essentially second-class citizens, subject to heavy taxes and forced labour, with rule from Algiers enforced by native elites and the Army.\n\nSince the defeat in the Great War, the colonial situation is precarious: unrest is ruthlessly put down, recent famines were badly managed, syndicalist and pan-Arab agents spread propaganda against colonial authorities. However, most traditional native elites are still loyal to France, and there exists a growing class of French-educated natives and native war veterans who despite wanting reform remain loyal. But one thing is clear: if the government is careless, further unrest and perhaps even revolts are bound to happen.\n\n§RBe careful! A failure to keep the resistance in non-core African states under 80 will result in revolts.§!
§MRedressement Français§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Appoint de Gaulle as Franchet d'Espèrey's successor once he's about to retire.\n£white_dot During \
§MLe Rêve de Paris§!\nThe following paths will be unlocked once you returned to the mainland and complete the focus §YFrance Indivisible§! if you either followed the §MComité du Salut National§! or §MSecond Union Sacrée§! paths.\n\n§MA Return to Normalcy§! — §MBloc National§! ($social_conservative_coloured$) / §MParti Radical§! ($social_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot If you followed the §MComité du Salut National§! path, midway through completing the focus §YPrepare New Elections§!, you will be able to elect the §lParti Radical§! or the §cBloc National§!.\n\n£white_dot If you followed the §MSecond Union Sacrée§! path, don't complete the focus §YPromise of a Referendum§! and have the army don't back de La Rocque coup.\n£white_dot Midway through completing the focus §YPrepare New Elections§!, cracks in the Concentration will appear, choose 'end the coalition, a true democracy cannot be ruled without debate', 8 days later you able to elect the §lParti Radical§! or the §cBloc National§!.\n\n§MConcentration§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the §MSecond Union Sacrée§! path and don't complete the focus §YPromise of a Referendum§!.\n£white_dot Have the army don't back de La Rocque coup.\n£white_dot Midway through completing the focus §YPrepare New Elections§!, cracks in the Concentration will appear, choose 'maintain the Concentration Républicaine! Unity is too important'.\n£white_dot Around 3 and a half years after every elections, an event concerning the continuation of the Concentration will appear, choose 'we are stronger together!' to continue the unity government.\n\n§MThe Colonel's Gambit§! — §MPSF (Dirigistes)§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$) / §MPSF (Technocrates)§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Follow the §MSecond Union Sacrée§! path and don't complete the focus §YNeutralise the PSF§!.\n£white_dot Have the army back de La Rocque coup.\n£white_dot You will have the option to maintain a facade of democracy under the '§aDirigist§!' wing of PSF, extending legislative elections to be every 7 years or establish a presidential dictatorship under the '§PTechnocratic§!' wing of the PSF.\n\n§MPresidential Elections§!\nShortly after the first elections, Mordacq will step down from the presidency and depending on the winner of the elections a new president will be elected:\n£white_dot If the §cBloc National§! won the elections; midway through completing the focus §YReinforce Presidential Powers§!, you will be able to nominate Louis Marin, François de La Rocque or Louis Bonaparte, only under specific circumstances, and your choice will become president once the focus finishes.\n£white_dot If the §lParti Radical§! won the elections; some days after the focus §YPrepare New Elections§! finishes, Édouard Daladier will become president.\n£white_dot If the §mConcentration Républicaine§! won the elections; some days after the focus §YPrepare New Elections§! finishes, Pierre-Etienne Flandin will become president.\n\nAfter the first president is elected, Presidential elections will be held every 7 years.\nIf you either followed the §MComité du Salut National§! path or didn't maintain the Concentration if you followed §MSecond Union Sacrée§! path, 6 months before the following election, nominations for the next president will begin:\n£white_dot From the §cNational Bloc§!, you will be able to choose between Louis Marin, François de La Rocque or Louis Bonaparte, only under specific circumstances.\n£white_dot From the §lParti Radical§!, you will be able to choose between Édouard Daladier or Camille Chautemps.\n\nIf you followed §MSecond Union Sacrée§! path and maintained the Concentration:\n£white_dot You will be able to choose between Pierre-Etienne Flandin or Paul Reynaud in the election.\n\n§CNote§!: If you complete the focus §YProclaim the Fourth Republic§! with the §cBloc National§! in charge, presidential elections will stop and if you don't have de La Rocque as your current president, you will be able to choose to have him become president or keep your current one.
Our officers are taught tactics out of Mordacq's book 'Lessons of 1914 and the Next War'.
Our officers are taught tactics out of de Gaulle's book 'The Discord'.
The Marshal will encourage his supporters to back the new regime\n
§RMordacq will gain political influence!§!\n
§GPétain will gain political influence!§!\n
We have agreed to join Mitteleuropa.
Fight Back Against Democratic Rhetoric
The press, the media, the 'Fourth Estate' has been instrumental in this struggle, as competing media outlets throw their support behind either Pétain or Mordacq, or simply profit off the political fever gripping our nation to boost their sales, each new edition bringing new information, each radio broadcast an occasion for political mongering: we cannot let the Democrats win on this battlefield of the airwaves.
Deal with Democratic Protest
Mordacq is planning a protest in a major city in a few days, which could bring more people to his cause and make us look powerless. If Mordacq does not want to fall into illegality, he must get official approval for any mass gathering: what should be done?
Mordacq's Speeches
Mordacq has been tirelessly giving speeches to ever growing audiences, with each public appearance gaining more followers as he charismatically defends his proposals and denounces the regime, though generally staying clear of personal attacks against Marshal Pétain. In any case, we cannot let him dominate public discourse: something must be done.
Ensure Military Loyalties
Though the armed forces still overwhelmingly support the Marshal, some are proving receptive to the promises of Mordacq: the armed forces have traditionally stayed clear of political involvement, but the debate with the Bear is growing too important for the 'Grande Muette' to ignore. Something must be done to make sure the armed forces stay on the right side.
We are not currently investing in another project
We are not currently funding an §Ganti-corruption campaign§!\n
This will §Glower§! our current §Rcorruption§!\n
Les Parades
The 400 Blows
§RThe French are more likely to decline this deal, and if they do so, we will have to saddle the cost of the occupation of the territories that we control§!
§GThe French are more likely to accept this deal, granting us the benefits that we ask for in the deal§!
If §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! agrees to cooperate with us, we will work together to build §Gnew industries§! together in the §CRuhr and Northern France.§!
If §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! agrees to this congress, we will come together to discuss a stance of §Gnon-aggression§! between our two §Cgreat countries.§!
§GYour focus tree has been expanded§!
July fourteenth, regardless of whether it celebrated the fall of the Bastille or the Feast of the Federation, was of course wholly inappropriate for our reborn nation to maintain as a holiday. We do not reject all that has happened since 1789, but celebrating rebellion against one's rightful ruler or his shackling with 'constitutional' chains would be downright seditious. Instead, great celebrations have been organised for our people, with military parades, public feasts, popular balls, fireworks displays, open air masses and processions taking part throughout the nation.
Invite Brittany back home
Request the return of French Territory
Occupation of France
Seized German Morocco
Entente Investments
Committed to Return Home
Franco-German Thaw
Blamed Us for the War
Consecration of the Immaculate Heart
A New Concordat
A Meeting with the Pope
Subjugated Dahomey
Accepted the Help of the Knights of Malta
Accepted the Help of the Knights of Malta
Refused the Help of the Knights of Malta
State Visit to Portugal
State Visit to Ireland
Mitteleuropean Trade
Mitteleuropean Trade
French Exiles
French Exile
the French Exiles
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French Empire
the French Empire
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
France
French
France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
Kingdom of France
the Kingdom of France
France
French
France
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
French Republic
the French Republic
France
French
France
Commune of France
the Commune of France
Commune of France
the Commune of France
Commune of France
the Commune of France
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
French State
the French State
Camille Chautemps
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1885, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCamille Chautemps could be described as the prototypical Radical. Born into a bourgeois family of Radical politicians, a lawyer by trade, a prominent Freemason, committed to economic and political liberalism as well parliamentary supremacy, he quickly rose through the ranks of the Parti Radical following the exile, appreciated for his fierce denunciations of the breakaway left-wing of the party, and willingness to compromise with his opponents. He was among those who actively defended a return to normal democratic life following the bid of Marshal Pétain for power but quickly found himself somewhat isolated. Indeed, his Freemason links worked against him, as he was given the nickname of \
Édouard Daladier
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1884, in Carpentras, Vaucluse, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a baker, a teacher then mayor of his home-town of Carpentras, Édouard Daladier is a pure product of Republican meritocracy. After years on the Western Front, where he bravely served and received citations and the Légion d'Honneur, he remained loyal to the government after the revolution broke out. In exile, a man of the moderate left, he was seen with suspicion despite his opposition to revolutionary socialism, especially as he quickly rose through the ranks of the Parti Radical, so recently divided as its left-wing joined the socialists in revolt. He fiercely defended the primacy of parliament against Marshal Pétain's creeping encroachment, which earned him the praise of the few remaining committed democrats and the nickname 'the Bull of Vaucluse' for his pugnacity.\n\nFollowing the fall of Marshal Pétain's regime, he was of course among those called to serve as part of the Government of National Unity, the new Union Sacrée. With the victory of the reunited Radical Party during the latest legislative elections, he was chosen by his peers as president. Preferring a largely ceremonial role, in the tradition of the Third Republic, he hopes to lead a renewed Republic, parliamentary, secular, and liberal.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1884, in Carpentras, Vaucluse, French Republic§!
Pierre Etienne Flandin
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1889, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPierre-Étienne Flandin is a lawyer by trade, but as the son of a politician, he was naturally predisposed to following in his footsteps. Elected to parliament at only 25, his burgeoning career was cut short by the Great War during which he served with distinction as a balloon observer. There was born his speciality: advocacy for aeronautical development, and precise technical knowledge. Indeed, Flandin is not a charismatic man: an admirer of British institutions and liberalism, this admiration can be felt in the character of the man, detached, phlegmatic, in stark contrast with the passionate politics of the Chamber of Deputies and so very British. A man of the moderate right, he joined the Alliance Démocratique. When the AD fused with the Fédération Républicaine to create the Parti Républicain Démocrate, he quickly further rose to prominence in this consolidated liberal right-wing, one of the few voices in parliament to even attempt to push back on some of the Marshal's initiatives. His skills as a knowledgeable technician have made him indispensable in parliamentary commissions, his advice sought after by the government and across political lines.\n\nIn short, he is an unassuming but unifying figure within Parliament, and as such he was asked to be part of the Government of National Unity after the fall of Marshal Pétain. With the coalition surviving, to the surprise of many, he was the natural compromise between the Right and the Left. Preferring a largely ceremonial role, in the tradition of the Third Republic, he hopes to lead a renewed regime, parliamentary and liberal.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1889, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Paul Reynaud
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1878, in Barcelonnette, Basses-Alpes, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA lawyer by trade, Paul Reynaud was young enough to be mobilised in 1914 and fight in every major engagement of the Great War, even being dispatched to Russia to assist the White forces in 1918. After the defeat, a man of the moderate right, thoroughly committed to economic liberalism, he joined the ranks of the Alliance Démocratique, revealing himself to be a captivating orator and fierce political animal in the chaos of exile. When Marshal Pétain and his supporters formed an emergency government, he begrudgingly accepted the new status quo, but never wavered in his commitment to his ideals of liberal, democratic Republic. When the AD fused with the Fédération Républicaine to create the Parti Républicain Démocrate, he quickly further rose to prominence in this consolidated liberal right-wing, one of the few voices in parliament to even attempt to push back on some of the Marshal's initiatives.\n\nWith democracy restored, Reynaud is hard at work to restore the spirit of the Republic, deeply damaged by the Defeat and the junta. Preferring a more active role as president, he hopes to implement his unorthodox economic ideas, shying away from free-market economics in favour of light dirigisme, making him somewhat more amenable to the PSF.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 15th, 1878, in Barcelonnette, Basses-Alpes, French Republic§!
François de la Rocque
François de La Rocque, commonly referred to as simply 'the Colonel', has accomplished a brilliant military and political career. An alumnus of Saint-Cyr, he was grievously wounded during the Great War, was mentioned in dispatches nine times and became at thirty-three one of the youngest commanding officers in the French armed forces, receiving the Légion d'Honneur for military valour in 1916. A patriot and pious Catholic, he remained loyal to the government as the revolution broke out. After the exile he joined the Croix-de-Feu, a veterans group that quickly attracted tens of thousands of veterans who hoped to revive the spirit of comradeship of the trenches and quickly rose through the ranks, becoming its president in 1931. A supporter of Henri Mordacq, like him he supports democracy and the Republic, though he prefers a strong rule, scarred by the infamous parliamentary instability of the Third Republic. Having founded the Parti Social Français in the early 1930s, the party quickly grew exponentially, becoming the first mass party in French politics, all devoted to the Colonel and his hope of a reformed Republic.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1885, in Lorient, Morbihan, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_francois_de_la_rocque_desc_body$\n\nChosen to head the democratic coalition after the end of Marshal Pétain's junta, he has served France since implementing much of his ideas. Now that democracy has been fully restored, he has predictably been elected president by an assembly dominated by the Bloc National and hopes to further transform the Republic, away from the instability of the past, into a strong regime equipped to face any future threat.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1885, in Lorient, Morbihan, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_francois_de_la_rocque_desc_body$\n\nChosen to head the democratic coalition after the end of Marshal Pétain's junta, he has served France since implementing much of his ideas. However, with the mainland reconquered, the Colonel saw in his former democratic allies the seeds of instability that would once again lead France to her fall, as Communard remnants still lurk and hope for any opportunity to strike. As such, he has formed a new government with military figures, to temporarily head France until full democracy can be safely restored.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1885, in Lorient, Morbihan, French Republic§!
Louis Marin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1871, in Faulx, Meurthe-et-Moselle, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLouis Marin is a veteran of parliamentary politics, having first been elected as a deputy of his native Moselle in 1905, being a founding member of the Fédération Républicaine that he headed until its fusion with the Alliance Démocratique, he has been a part of the Chamber of Deputies for now close to four decades. An ethnography professor, conservative, cultured, patriotic, a moderate Catholic, Marin is the very picture of a distinguished older gentleman, well appreciated by his colleagues and the public at large. An ardent defender of the primacy of parliament, he nonetheless did little to oppose Marshal Pétain's bid to power, though he still often privately agitated for a restoration of democracy.\n\nFollowing the fall of Marshal Pétain's regime, he was of course among those chosen to be a part of the Government of National Unity. With the victory of the right in the latest legislative elections, he has been elected president, almost as if it was the natural conclusion of his illustrious career. Preferring a largely ceremonial role, he nonetheless hopes to revive the spirit of the early Third Republic and head a conservative, moderate, patriotic regime.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1871, in Faulx, Meurthe-et-Moselle, French Republic§!
Philippe Pétain
By 1914, Philippe Pétain was on his way towards retirement before the Great War destroyed any hope of that. From the early days of the War, he distinguished himself as a capable and charismatic leader and quickly shot up the ranks, replacing officers who had failed before him. Then came Verdun, where he issued his iconic order: 'Be strong, we'll get 'em!', granting him national fame. His care for proper logistics and morale contributed heavily to the victory, and from then on he was 'the Lion of Verdun'. Having earned the respect of the many men that served under him, he was able to restore order during the mutinous mood of 1916, and stabilise the front in 1918. His ideas and presence on the field prevented a total rout but was not enough to prevent defeat.\n\nGiven the honorary rank of Marshal before going into semi-retirement, he remained silent as the Republic descended into parliamentary chaos. But in 1926, supported by veterans, he stepped in, strong-armed the Parliament into being elected president and declared a state of emergency. Seen as an apolitical, unifying figure, this move was welcomed by many. Since then, the Marshal has worked tirelessly to prepare France for the inevitable conflict ahead. However, his increasing lack of reverence for even the pretence of democracy has alienated many
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1856, in Cauchy-à-la-Tour, Pas-de-Calais, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_philippe_petain_desc_body$, and the future of the regime is uncertain.\n\nNevertheless, the Lion of Verdun roars from Algiers, and he is determined to free France with only a single personal purpose in mind: that he be one day buried at Verdun along with so many heroes!§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1856, in Cauchy-à-la-Tour, Pas-de-Calais, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_philippe_petain_desc_body$, which led to conflict with those who wished to restore democracy. However, the regime is now revitalised, thanks to the influence of the Redressement Français.\n\nNevertheless, the Lion of Verdun roars from Algiers, and he is determined to free France with only a single personal purpose in mind: that he be one day buried at Verdun along with so many heroes!§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1856, in Cauchy-à-la-Tour, Pas-de-Calais, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Lion of Verdun, Henri Philippe Benoni Omer Pétain, always the eternal bachelor, he joined the French Army in 1876 and attend both Saint-Cyr and the École Supérieure de Guerre. Through the end of the century he would serve in multiple battalions of the elite Chasseurs à pied. In the 20th century he would alternate between regimental and command staff assignments, progressing slowly for opposing the primary doctrine of overwhelming infantry assaults. He would enter the Great War a colonel, having been told repeatedly that he would never become a general. By the end of August, he was a brigadier general and was given command of the 6th Division in time for the First Battle of the Marne. His greatest achievement as a general would come in February 1916 at the battle of Verdun. During the battle he was promoted to command of Army Group Centre. With his skills at organisation, he would ensure that more than 15 million shells were fired at the Germans during the first five months of the battle, and Verdun would hold. In April 1919, Pétain would replace Ferdinand Foch as overall commander of French forces but would be unable to organise any offensives before the war ended later that year. Pétain would maintain his leadership role through the subsequent Revolution and would organise much of the exiled military that ended up in Algiers.§!
Henri Mordacq
Henri Mordacq, nicknamed 'the Bear', is an infantry general who shot up the ranks during the early days of the Great War through sheer bravery and ability to lead his men, particularly in the desperate defence of the town of Arras. Close to Marshal Pétain but a long time critic of the military establishment, Mordacq eventually found himself at the head of a faction of Reformers disgruntled with the Marshal and embodying the hopes of those few still in favour of democracy in exile, as he remains a man committed to the Republic and democracy
$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body_start$, despite his scepticism towards an immediate restoration of full democracy.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body$\n\nAgainst all odds, the Marshal appointed him as his successor before resigning. And now, the Bear is facing much pushback from the armed forces as well as the more conservative elements in society.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body$\n\nAgainst all odds, the Bear has steered France back home during her time in exile. With the main danger to the Republic behind her, Mordacq has heeded the calls from the democrats to step down as interim president of the Republic once a new president can be chosen.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body$\n\nAgainst all odds, the Marshal appointed him as his successor before resigning. Facing pushback against his reforms, the Bear moved past his scepticism and allied with the democratic forces led by Colonel de La Rocque. He has publicly vowed to remain a largely ceremonial president in the tradition of the Third Republic, a unifying force as the Republic faces the toughest challenge in her history.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$NFA_henri_mordacq_desc_body_start$.\n\nNow in power, the Bear has promised an eventual restoration of normal democratic life. For the time being however, he has preferred to create a Committee of National Salvation, made up of military men, parliamentarians and experts, to lead the Republic as she faces the toughest challenge in her history.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1868, in Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenri Mordacq is one of the oldest officers still serving the republic. Mordacq's earliest years in the military were spent in Algeria before joining the 1st Foreign Regiment of the Foreign Legion in French Indochina in 1893. He became an intelligence officer in Indochina before going back first to Algeria and then to Paris. He spent quite a lot of time writing, and later as an instructor, eventually becoming the head of military courses at the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr in 1912. At the outbreak of war in 1914, Mordacq was chief of staff of general Archinard's First Reserve Corps Group in the Eastern Army. He would take frontline command of the 159th Regiment of Alpine Infantry and fight in the Battle of the Frontiers as well as defend Arras from German occupation. As the war dragged on, he became witness to the first poison gas attack, and fought at both the Somme and Verdun. His last promotion before the revolution would be to become the military chief of staff to Georges Clemenceau's second government. This kept him off the front lines through the earliest events of the Revolution, and like many other officers, he would flee with the Republic to Algiers.§!
Charles de Gaulle
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1890, in Lille, Nord, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in a well-off, Catholic, royalist family, Charles de Gaulle was raised with a taste for hard work, discipline, and profound love for France. At the age of 15, he wrote a story starring a 'General de Gaulle' leading French troops to victory against Germany, avenging the loss of 1870: he has spent his whole life working towards making this dream a reality. An average but hard-working student, he was well-liked by his peers, earning the nickname 'the Rooster' for his capacity to assert his authority. He graduated from the Saint-Cyr military academy before joining the ranks of the Army as an officer, under the orders of then Colonel Pétain. There he would become his lifelong protégé, serving under Pétain at Verdun, where he was wounded and captured by the Germans. Escaping captivity later on in the War, he became a national symbol of resistance against the aggression of the Boches.\n\nWith the Defeat and Exile, he became a renowned military theorist and lecturer, remaining close to Pétain and becoming the leader of the 'Young Guard', a clique of younger officers deeply loyal to the Marshal and favouring the military reform ideas of de Gaulle. At the same time, witnessing the parliamentary chaos of the early exile, he became further convinced by the arguments of the Action Française, coming to believe that for France to be reborn, the Republic had to be sacrificed. As such, he entirely supported the initiative of Marshal Pétain to seize power, hoping that in time his mentor too would see the truth in the AF's arguments, and would abolish the Gueuse. A decade later, this hasn't happened, but de Gaulle remains hopeful that as he grows in influence, he will be able to restore the monarchy before freeing the nation from the Anti-France.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1890, in Lille, Nord, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle, a staunch Catholic would enter the military academy of Saint-Cyr in 1910 and would prove a capable student, graduating 13th in his class in 1912, joining the 33rd infantry regiment of infantry under the orders of then Colonel Pétain. De Gaulle would enter the Great War as a first lieutenant, and the 33rd regiment would see action very early on at Dinant. At Dinant he would be thrown right into the fire and was one of the first to be wounded, taking a bullet to the knee. While recovering he wrote about the shortcomings of the French officer staff and how slow he felt the British troops were. He would rejoin his regiment and by December he became a regimental adjutant. His unit became well known for sneaking through No Man's Land to listen in on enemy conversations, and for this de Gaulle would be rewarded the Croix de Guerre in January of 1915. Another injury in March would take him out of the fighting for four months, and by September he became captain of the 10th company. In the Battle of Verdun, de Gaulle would take a bayonet in the thigh and be captured as a result. He would spend the next few months in German captivity. During this time, he read German newspapers, wrote his first book, and eventually escaped. De Gaulle was granted a hero's welcome when he returned, becoming a symbol of French defiance against the Germans. He would go home to his family but would not be at peace due to the Revolution. De Gaulle and his family would follow the government in exile to Algiers, where he would join loyalist officers. He has become famous in exile as a military lecturer and theorist and is a close associate of Marshal Pétain.§!
Henri VI
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1908, in Le Nouvion-en-Thiérache, Aisne, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LYoung Henri d'Orléans has known exile his whole life. He lived a carefree early childhood on his father's property in Morocco, where he was found to be a particularly bright child, curious and caring of the various workers of the vast plantation, quickly becoming fluent in French, Arabic, English, German, Italian and Spanish. Soon, however, he would be with his father in his château-hospital, being exposed to the horrors of the War, before having to flee from the wrath of the revolutionaries. This incident would prove deeply traumatic for Henri, sowing the seeds of a later political awakening. Back in Morocco, he was tutored by the best European tutors, who would introduce him to Integralist thought, which resonated deeply with the youth: not just in its deeply reactionary rhetoric, but most particularly in its advocacy of strict adherence to the Social Doctrine of the Church and economic reform along with corporatist thought. Furthering his studies in Belgium, he discovered for the first time the crowded housing, poor working conditions and terrible anonymity of the lives of the European working poor, as he was attending to their needs as part of Catholic charity efforts. When his father became the head of the House of France in 1924, he became its Dauphin, immediately surrounded by advisors who sought to shape the young man into a worthy King of France. As heir presumptive, now banned from France, the dashing Dauphin nevertheless fully dedicated himself to the royalist cause, working closely with the Action Française despite his personal enmity towards Charles Maurras, as he could recognise that the growing movement was the best chance for restoration of the monarchy. His marriage to his cousin Isabelle de Orléans e Bragança in 1931, and the birth of their son Henri in 1933 created further enthusiasm among royalists: the future of the House of France secured.\n\nOften making discreet trips across the border from Morocco to meet with royalist leaders such as Charles de Gaulle, Henri was instrumental in the struggle that led to the restoration of the monarchy. In the early years of the renewed kingdom, he assisted his ageing father in every way and was often seen as the real power behind the throne, attempting to outmanoeuvre the Action Française about as often as he worked with them. Now in power, King Henri hopes to continue the rebirth of France, to build a monarchy that will last for another thousand years.§!
Jean III
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1874, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJean d'Orléans was for long the picture of aristocratic aloofness, far down the line of succession of the House of France. Barred from service in the French armed forces, he joined the Danish Army for some time, as King Valdemar was his brother-in-law, before eventually settling in Morocco hoping to promote French interests in the region. The Great War would, however, transform him: once again barred from joining the armies of the Republic, he joined the Medical Service of the Red Cross, transforming his French château into a hospital and personally taking care of the wounded. Though with initially little interest in politics, the Defeat and break out of the Revolution would bring him closer to the Action Française. In 1924, following the death of his cousin Philippe d'Orléans, he was acclaimed by royalists as the rightful pretender to the throne of France. In exile in now Spanish Morocco, he would continue the cooperation with the Integralists started by his predecessors. Royalist efforts were now entirely concentrated around the AF, particularly as the Catholic hierarchy went past their issues with the movement, deeply shocked by the anticlerical violence of the Revolution. In 1933, he issued a manifesto calling for a 'royal government' to save France, instead of a 'government of parties', a clear shot at Pétain's regime: this would further enhance his political profile in a France-in-exile where the prestige of the Republic was at its lowest and the Marshal's junta was rapidly losing support.\n\nWith the triumph of Charles de Gaulle against democratic and reformist forces, few were surprised that the new head of state called for a restoration of the monarchy. King Jean III now leads France as it struggles to purge the remnants of the Republic from the nation, and prepares her, the Eldest Daughter of the Church, to the holiest of struggles, a crusade to reconquer the métropole from the Reds.§!
Louis Bonaparte
Napoléon VI
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1914, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLouis Bonaparte is a young man who has known exile his whole life. Indeed Louis is since 1926 the head of the Bonaparte family, exiled along with all other former reigning families by French law passed in 1886. Born in Belgium, his family fled to Britain shortly after his birth, before fleeing further to Switzerland after the British revolution. This allowed him to join the French Army, where he quickly rose through the ranks during the war thanks to his heroic deeds, followed by our people with bated breath. Close to PSF, with whom he shares a conception of democratic rule with a strong head, he has surprisingly been elected president by a parliament newly dominated by the Bloc National, creating worry among committed Republicans. Louis Bonaparte has however assured that he would not repeat the modus operandi of his ancestors, praising the Republic for having managed to survive exile and war.\n\nHowever, once a dead movement, monarchical Bonapartism is seeing a rise in popular support, as young Louis enjoys ever-growing popularity. Only time will tell whether or not the Prince will attempt to seize the crown...§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1914, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLouis-Napoléon Bonaparte is a young man who has known exile his whole life. Indeed Louis is since 1926 the head of the Bonaparte family, exiled along with all other former reigning families by French law passed in 1886. Born in Belgium, his family fled to Britain shortly after his birth, before fleeing further to Switzerland after the British revolution. This allowed him to join the French Army, where he quickly rose through the ranks during the war thanks to his heroic deeds, followed by our people with bated breath. Close to PSF, with whom he shares a conception of democratic rule with a strong head, he was surprisingly elected president by a parliament newly dominated by the Bloc National, creating worry among committed Republicans. Though he had assured them of his commitment to the Republic, the support for the restoration of House Bonaparte on the throne of France quickly grew.\n\nAfter his victory against the German Empire and the reconquest of all rightfully French land, his popularity further skyrocketed, and restoration was a simple formality: a single plebiscite and the Empire was reborn. Committed Republicans were appalled, but the French people rejoiced, as they always knew that the Bonaparte were always destined to lead France to glory.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 23rd, 1914, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Fernand Bouisson
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1874, in Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Charles Maurras
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1868, in Martigues, Bouches-du-Rhône, French Empire§!
Ernest Mercier
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1878, in Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Assemblée Nationale
§YFounded:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1871, in Bordeaux, Gironde, French Republic§!
Georges Lamirand
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1899, in Toulouse, Haute-Garonne, French Republic§!
Maurice Janin
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1862, in Paris, Seine, French Empire§!
Louis Franchet D'Espèrey
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1856, in Mostaganem, Oran, Algeria, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a cavalry officer, Louis Félix Marie François Franchet d'Espèrey would grow up to be an officer like his father. His early commands ranged from France to Algeria to China, and by 1913 was in command of the I Corps. During the Great War, Franchet d'Espèrey would fight in many of the early battles; among them Charleroi, Guise, and the Marne. He would also develop a controversial form of command in order to push his officers to follow his orders. He ordered that any officer not doing their duty were to be shot, and he would break up roadblocks by firing a pistol repeatedly until everyone understood his message. This style of command would not avail him however, and despite promotions first to the Eastern Army Group and then the Northern Army Group, he failed to produce substantial victories. Eventually he was forced into exile as the Revolution took hold, and now serves as the eldest officer in the reorganised French Army, aside from Philippe Pétain himself.§!
Jean de Lattre de Tassigny
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1889, in Mouilleron-en-Pareds, Vendée, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an aristocratic family, he would attend the École spéciale militaire de Saint-Cyr, graduating 5th in his class. By the time of the Great War he was a second lieutenant assigned to the 12th Dragoon Regiment. His career during the Great War was marked by taking and surviving a total of seven wounds, five of which were taken at the Battle of Verdun. For these injuries he became well decorated; receiving eight citations, The Legion of Honour, and the British Military Cross. He remained loyal to the government as the revolution took hold, and fleeing south, was eventually promoted to Colonel.§!
Maxime Weygand
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1867, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSupposedly born to unknown Belgian parents, his true parentage is still a mystery, and he would be sent to Marseille to be raised by a widow and would only become a proper French citizen once he was adopted. Weygand was admitted to the École Spéciale Militaire de Saint-Cyr as a foreign cadet and become a cavalryman. Eventually he would be promoted to captain and become an instructor at the Saumur Cavalry School. At the outbreak of the Great War he would spend a short amount of time on the front lines before spending most of the rest of the war in the general staff of Ferdinand Foch. Weygand was promoted to général de brigade in 1916. His final promotion would be near the end of the war, as Ferdinand Foch was sidelined by Pétain and Weygand was promoted to fill much needed gaps in command. His new rank as général de division would make him a target by association during the revolution, and he would be one of the generals to flee across the sea. He spends much of his time in Algeria as an inspector for the Army and trying to organise what troops the Republic has available.§!
Henri Giraud
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1879, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Alphonse Juin
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 16th, 1888, in Bône, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlphonse Juin was born the only son of a gendarme and his wife who herself was the child of a gendarme. In 1909 he passed the entrance examination for the École spéciale militaire. At that time cadets were required to spend a year in the Army before commencing the course, so he enlisted in an Algerian regiment, the 1st Zouaves Regiment, quickly rising to corporal and then sergeant. After graduating on 1 October 1912, Juin was commissioned as a sous-lieutenant in an Algerian regiment, the 1st Algerian Tirailleurs Regiment. During the Great War, he would suffer an injury that would permanently damage his right arm. As a result of this, he is a rare breed of soldier given permission to salute with his left hand.§!
Henri Méric de Bellefon
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1888, in Vannes, Morbihan, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenri-Roger Marie Meric de Bellefon was born the son of Anyard Meric de Bellefon, a recipient of the Légion d'honneur. Henri-Roger would follow in his father's footsteps and join the Army, eventually becoming a cavalry officer before the Great War. Despite being injured in the fighting, he remained as the commander of his units, inspiring confidence and loyalty in his men. This loyalty proved useful when the Revolution broke out, and many men in his unit would choose to remain loyal to de Bellefon and go into exile in Algeria with him.§!
Maurice Grisot
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1888, in Fouvent-Saint-Andoche, Haute-Saône, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe most reserved of the exiled military officers, Maurice Grisot was born in 1888. His military career was mostly undistinguished until the Great War, where he served with enough distinction to be awarded the Croix de Guerre with several citations. He chose to remain loyal to the government during the Revolution and ended up an exile like the others. In the time since, his skills in civil and military engineering have earned him promotion after promotion.§!
Philippe de Hauteclocque
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1902, in Belloy-Saint-Léonard, Somme, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPhilippe François Marie Leclerc de Hauteclocque was born the fifth of six children, of The house of Hauteclocque, a distinguished noble line that survived the French Revolution, and Philippe's direct ancestors participated in the fifth and eighth Crusades. This pedigree made the family enemies of the socialist revolutionaries, and Philippe would flee with his family to Algiers before completing his education. As soon as he was able, he enlisted in the remnant French Army, and has since made a name for himself as a competent cavalry officer.§!
Jean Touzet du Vigier
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1888, in Chambéry, Savoie, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA military volunteer, Jean-Louis-Alain Touzet du Vigier would be denied entry to the St. Cyr Special Military School and instead assigned to the infantry. His time in the infantry was short lived however, as then War Minister Alexandre Millerand would assist him in finally attending St. Cyr. Touzet du Vigier would graduate just before the Great War broke out, serving in the 9th Cuirassiers. He spent most of the war in a trench alongside the 9th, but then in 1918 he was sent to join the 2nd regiment of the Chasseurs d'Afrique in Morocco. This fortuitous transfer would remove him from France as the revolution broke out, and Touzet du Vigier would find himself an officer in exile.§!
Marcel Descour
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1899, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMarcel Descour is one of the few officers in the French military who did not fight in the Great War. His family made the choice to abandon Paris during the chaos of the revolution, and they have since resettled in Algeria. He made the choice to enlist in the Army, becoming an expert in stealth tactics and he now heads a unit of loyalist commandos.§!
Pierre Boyer
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1896, in Maisons-Laffitte, Seine-et-Oise, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPierre Boyer de Latour du Moulin is one of the youngest officers in the exiled French Army. He would enlist at the outbreak of the Great War in August 1914, and would serve in the dragoons until 1916, where at his request, he was transferred to the first Moroccan infantry regiment where he served for the rest of the war. At war's end, he had been temporarily promoted to lieutenant and would be in Africa when the Third Republic capitulated. Now an exile, his promotion was made permanent, and he has gradually climbed the ranks since. He has much interest in the affairs of the natives of Kabylia and spends much time there.§!
Pierre Lelong
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1891, in Angoulême, Charente, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPierre Lelong was born the ninth child of French general Michel Lelong, After graduating from Saint-Cyr, he was supposed to be deployed with the 22nd colonial infantry regiment to Madagascar but would be turned around in the middle of the Red Sea at the outbreak of the Great War. Lelong would first see action in the Argonne in 1914 and was wounded that September at Frignicourt. In February 1915, he was taken prisoner in the fort of Beauséjour, and was sent first to Mainz and then to Fort Ingolstad. After being released at the end of the war, he would choose to go to Algiers instead of being a part of the newly created Commune of France. He would rejoin the loyalist remnants of the French military, and much of his time since the flight to Algiers has been spent moving from post to post within French Africa.§!
Alphonse Georges
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1875, in Montluçon, Allier, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlphonse Joseph Georges is a general of modest origins, He excelled in school, and would enter Saint-Cyr in 1895, graduating third in his class. His first posting would be in Algiers, and after marrying he would attend the École supérieure de guerre, where he passed with flying colours. He would assume various staff office and regimental positions through the end of the decade. At the time of the Great War Georges could be found on the staff of General de Castelnau's 2nd Army, and in command of the 122nd regiment, would be seriously injured on September 11th, 1914. This injury would force Georges to become a staff officer first under Joseph Joffre, and later under Ferdinand Foch. The consequence of this latter assignment would be that Alphonse Georges became a mortal enemy of the socialists when the Revolution broke out, and he would be forced into exile.§!
Lucien Lacaze
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1860, in Pierrefonds, Oise, French Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a physician, Marie-Jean-Lucien Lacaze went to a Jesuit school as a child and entered the École Navale in 1879. Lacaze served as capitaine de vaisseau in Senegal, India and Vietnam, and was later a naval attaché in Rome and chief of staff to Admiral Germinet. He would later take command of the battleship Masséna, before serving as chief of cabinet to minister of the Navy Théophile Delcassé. During the Great War, Lacaze lead a division of the Mediterranean fleet, and organised part of the Dardanelles Campaign. Lacaze was made Minister of the Navy in October 1915, and he retained the office until 1917. He would be one of the elder naval officers in exile and has used his experience in a variety of naval positions as the French Government reorganised. He has refused to retire until such time as Paris is retaken, but his age is starting to show.§!
Jean de Laborde
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1878, in Chantilly, Oise, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJean Joseph Jules Noël de Laborde is the French Republic's foremost pioneer of naval aviation. de Laborde was first posted to the Far East in 1897 where he served as an Ensign in 1900 and would take part in the Chinese campaign following the Boxer Rebellion. Upon returning to France, he was commissioned as a Lieutenant in 1908. After a few years he was sent back to the Far East on board the armoured cruiser Dupleix. While there, he learned to fly and overflew Saigon, earning his pilot's licence in 1914. During the Great War he would rise to be the director of the maritime aviation centre at Dunkirk.§!
Jean-Pierre Esteva
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1880, in Reims, Marne, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJean-Pierre Estava would join the Navy in 1898, serving on a variety of ships in Asia and the Mediterranean. In 1910 he would be promoted to Lieutenant de vaisseau and would continue to serve on multiple ships. During the Great War he would participate in the Dardanelles campaign on board the cruiser Jeanne D'Arc, and would be wounded in the process by a large shell. For this injury he would receive the Croix de guerre, and after recovering would be assigned as deputy to the head of Ports and Maritime Communications Service. Later he would command the Jeanne-et-Genevieve, where he would duel with the German sub on 6 August 1917 and receive a citation for his victory. With the Revolution and his subsequent exile to Algiers, his wide variety of experience has put him in a leadership role training up and coming officers.§!
Jean-Marie Charles Abrial
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1879, in Réalmont, Tarn, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJean-Marie Charles Abrial started his career in 1896 at the École Navale, becoming a midshipman in 1898. He would command a high seas patrol boat until 1917 when he joined the Naval Ministry's anti-submarine division. In the chaos of the Revolution and the reorganisation in Algiers he would be promoted to Capitaine de frégate and spends a lot of time concerning himself with the coastal defence of the French Republic.§!
Thierry d'Argenlieu
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1889, in Brest, Finistère, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorges Thierry d'Argenlieu was born to a family of naval officers and would follow in their footsteps. After joining the École Navale at the age of 17, he would first serve on the Du Chayla as a midshipman and would earn the Legion of Honour for his services. During the Great War he would serve mainly in the Mediterranean, and while on leave would become a member of the Secular Order of Discalced Carmelites. He was promoted to lieutenant de vaisseau in 1917, and in 1918 as commanding officer of a patrol boat, the Tourterelle, he would distinguish himself in the rescue of a troop transport. He would flee with many other naval officers to Algiers, and in the intervening decade, would study theology at the Pontifical Angelicum College in Rome.§!
Jean Decoux
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1884, in Bordeaux, Gironde, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJean Decoux was born one of three children of a family originally from Upper Savoy, and at the age of 16 he entered the École Navale. By 1913 he had reached the rank of corvette captain. After an unremarkable service in The Great War, he would be one of the naval officers that went into exile in Algiers. In 1935 he would finally be promoted to rear admiral.§!
René-Émile Godfroy
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1885, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRené Godfroy entered the École navale in 1901 and graduated three years later. As an ensign, he took part in the second Charcot expedition to Antarctica. Godfroy then served aboard the armoured cruisers Léon Gambetta and Pothuau before completing his training as a gunnery officer. During the war, he was assigned to the battleship République and in 1916 received command of the gunboat Capricieuse. At the time of the revolution, Godfroy was stationed at the naval base in Toulon, from which he evacuated to Algiers. There, he established himself as an experienced naval aeronautics officer, and was promoted to ship captain in 1931.§!
Gabriel Auphan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1894, in Alès, Gard, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA graduate of the École navale class of 1911, Gabriel Auphan served aboard the Jeanne d'Arc throughout the first two years of the Great War. During the Dardanelles campaign, he was assigned to intelligence operations in the Middle East, organising operatives across the entire region. For the remainder of the war, he served in the Adriatic as a submarine officer, while remaining involved in intelligence gathering. A loyal Catholic, Auphan retreated to North Africa alongside the Third Republic. In the early 20s he was active writing about torpedo boats and the tactical usage of submarines, which gained him the reputation of a budding naval theorist. With the retirement of older admirals, Auphan has finally had the chance to flag officer rank.§!
Honoré d'Estienne d'Orves
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1901, in Verrières-le-Buisson, Seine-et-Oise, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHonoré d'Estienne d'Orves was born into an ancient noble family which included among its members two leaders of the Vendée and hung the white flag of royalism in the family home. During the Great War, he studied at prestigious Catholic lycées in Paris, where he became associated with the Action française. His family, along with most of the French nobility, fled the revolution for Algiers, where the young man attended the reconstituted École Polytechnique before entering into a naval career. He sailed on the Jeanne d'Arc (reverted to its previous role as school ship), and then as officer served aboard the Provence and the Jules Michelet. d'Estienne d'Orves was promoted to lieutenant de vaisseau and was assigned deputy secretary to the General Inspectorate.§!
François Coty
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1874, in Ajaccio, Corse, French Republic§!
Louis Renault
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1877, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Maurice Pujo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1872, in Lorrez-le-Bocage-Préaux, Seine-et-Marne, French Republic§!
Marie Eugène Debeney
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1864, in Bourg-en-Bresse, Ain, French Empire§!
Paul Baudouin
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 19th, 1894, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Eugène Deloncle
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1890, in Brest, Finistère, French Republic§!
Georges Groussard
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1891, in Saint-Martin-lès-Melle, Deux-Sèvres, French Republic§!
Jean Mermoz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 9th, 1901, in Aubenton, Aisne, French Republic§!
Camille Barrère
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1851, in La Charité-sur-Loire, Nièvre, French Empire§!
Antoine Béthouart
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1889, in Dole, Jura, French Republic§!
Charles Huntzinger
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1880, in Lesneven, Finistère, French Republic§!
Eugène Bridoux
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1888, in Doulon, Loire-Inférieure, French Republic§!
René Fonck
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1894, in Saulcy-sur-Meurthe, Vosges, French Republic§!
Jean Bergeret
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1895, in Gray, Haute-Saône, French Republic§!
Joseph de Goislard de Montsabert
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1887, in Libourne, Gironde, French Republic§!
Marie Charles Duval
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1869, in Bayonne, Basses-Pyrénées, French Empire§!
Jean du Plessis de Grenédan
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1892, in Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, French Republic§!
Pierre Fourcaud
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1898, in Saint-Petersburg, Saint-Petersburg Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Georges Loustaunau-Lacau
§YBorn:§! §LApril 17th, 1894, in Pau, Basses-Pyrénées, French Republic§!
Édouard Duseigneur
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1882, in Lyon, Rhône, French Republic§!
Said Boualam
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1906, in Souk Ahras, Constantine, Algeria, French Republic§!
Augustin-Fernand Leynaud
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1865, in Les Ollières, Haute-Savoie, French Empire§!
Jean Fraissinet
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1894, in Marseilles, Bouches-du-Rhône, French Republic§!
Claude-Joseph Gignoux
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1890, in Lyon, Rhône, French Republic§!
Pierre Bourdan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1909, in Perpignan, Pyrénées-Orientales, French Republic§!
Anatole de Monzie
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1876, in Bazas, Gironde, French Republic§!
Victor Arrighi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1900, in Sant'Andréa-di-Cotone, Corse, French Republic§!
Joseph de La Porte du Theil
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1884, in Mende, Lozère, French Republic§!
Émile Rimailho
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1864, in Paris, Seine, French Empire§!
Gilbert Renault
