Bhutan Focus Tree
Bhutan
Bhutanese
Bhutan
Druk Empire
the Druk Empire
Druk Empire
the Druk Empire
Druk Empire
the Druk Empire
Abysmal Central Authority
Our nation is ruled over by a patchwork of uncontrolled Penlops and smaller lordlings, far more interested in furthering their own personal interests than those of the state. The weakness of the king has been exploited by the monasteries and feudal lords who bicker and fight over the scraps of our kingdom. Without the presence of a central authority, anarchy reigns in Bhutan.
Feeble Central Authority
Our nation is ruled over by a patchwork of autonomous Penlops and smaller lordlings, far more interested in furthering their own personal interests than those of the state. The vast majority of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords with no connection to the whims of the central government and it is near impossible to action government policy or manage the realm.
Weak Central Authority
Our nation is governed by a patchwork of autonomous Penlops and smaller lordlings, far more interested in furthering their own personal interests than those of the state. The majority of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords, with very little connection to the whims of the central government, and it is increasingly difficult to action government policy or manage the realm.
Precarious Central Authority
Our nation is governed by a patchwork of Penlops and smaller lordlings, who divide their time between furthering their personal interests and those of the state. Much of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords and our government is forced to cooperate with them to action government policy and manage the realm.
Moderate Central Authority
Our nation is administered by a patchwork of loyal Penlops and smaller lordlings, who help to further the interests of the state. Much of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords, who diligently cooperate with the central authority to action government policy and manage the realm.
Strong Central Authority
Our nation is administered by a patchwork of loyal Penlops and smaller lordlings, who help to further the interests of the state. Much of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords, who diligently action government policy and manage the realm.
Absolute Central Authority
Our nation is administered by a patchwork of loyal Penlops and smaller lordlings, who help to further the interests of the state. Much of the nation is managed by monasteries and feudal lords, who diligently action government policy and manage the realm.
Enormous Industrial Investments
By investing significant amounts of our resources into the industry of our nation, we are able to match the industrial power of our more developed neighbours.
Extensive Industrial Investments
By investing our resources into the industry of our nation, we are better able to match the industrial power of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our extensive investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Moderate Industrial Investments
By investing some of our resources into the industry of our nation, we are better able to match the industrial power of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our moderate investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Meagre Industrial Investments
By investing some of our resources into the industry of our nation, we are better able to match the industrial power of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our meagre investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Reduced Industrial Investments
We have reduced our investment into developing industry and commerce in the kingdom, freeing up funds for other projects.
Greatly Reduced Industrial Investments
We have reduced our investment into developing industry and commerce in the kingdom, freeing up funds for other projects.
Enormous Military Investments
By investing significant amounts of our resources into the military of our nation, we are able to match the might of our more developed neighbours.
Extensive Military Investments
By investing our resources into the military of our nation, we are better able to match the might of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our extensive investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Moderate Military Investments
By investing some of our resources into the military of our nation, we are better able to match the might of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our moderate investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Meagre Military Investments
By investing some of our resources into the military of our nation, we are better able to match the might of our more developed neighbours. However, even with our meagre investments, we still lag far behind all industrialised nations.
Reduced Military Investments
We have reduced our investment into developing the armed forces in the kingdom, freeing up funds for other projects.
Greatly Reduced Military Investments
We have reduced our investment into developing the armed forces in the kingdom, freeing up funds for other projects.
Monastic Control
Much of Bhutan is comprised of semi-independent monastic fiefdoms, making them one of the most powerful forces in the kingdom.
Monasteries Placated
Much of Bhutan is comprised of semi-independent monastic fiefdoms, making them one of the most powerful forces in the kingdom. By expanding their pension, we have solidified their support for our government and helped to stabilise the nation.
Monastic Control
Much of Bhutan is comprised of semi-independent monastic fiefdoms, making them one of the most powerful forces in the kingdom. By granting the monasteries significant new privileges, and joining them in their crusade for a truly Buddhist kingdom, we have solidified their support for our government.
The Hermit Kingdom
Bhutan is a political time capsule, with a backwards society straight out of medieval times. Serfs labour throughout the year to collect enough food to survive, and little industry exists outside of the cottage workshops of wealthy lords and small tradeposts. The armed forces of the kingdom rely on the banners of penlops, who gather together bands of warriors from their domains. There is a place in the Himalayas where time has stood still, and Bhutan has been left behind by the world at large.
The Great Purge
A Great Purge terrorises Bhutan, threatening to uproot anyone or anything which would threaten the order forged by His Holiness the Zhabdrung Rinpoche Jigme Dorji. Those who had close connections to the old regime and outspoken critics of the current one disappear in the night, never to be seen again.
Bureaucratic Education
Bhutan has formally adopted a western system of bureaucratic action, where a handful of schools have begun to train a new generation of civil servants who work to make the kingdom run smoothly.
Military Education
Bhutan has formally adopted a western system of martial education and a handful of schools for this new system have been set up, centred around the military academy at Punakha.
Monastic Education
Bhutan has formally adopted a traditional system of Buddhist education and new funds have been devoted to the maintenance of monastic schools across the nation.
Zhabdrung's Revolt
The Zhabdrung Thuktrul Jigme Dorji has begun openly opposing the rule of King Jigme, gathering support in a bid to restore the rule of the Zhabdrung Reincarnations.
Aftermath of the Revolt
The Battle of Talo Monastery has left the nation reeling. Without the presence of a strong central authority, banditry is rampant and local rulers disregard their dues.
Aftermath of the Revolt
The deep scars left by the Battle of Talo Monastery continue to plague Bhutan. While the nation has begun to stabilise, corruption and banditry still run rampant.
The Raven Crown
The Raven Crown is a symbol of the power and prestige of the Druk Gyalpo, and it is imperative that it sits upon the head of its rightful owner
Legacy of Ngawang Namgyal
Bhutan was founded by a wise warrior lama, who saved Bhutan from Tibetan domination and brought enlightenment to our people. Zhabdrung Jigme Dorji is the living reincarnation of this great warrior and ruler, and will once more save Bhutan from her many enemies!
Raiders of Bhutan
Drukpa Renaissance
Growing Pains
Regional Taxation
By granting more autonomy to local leaders and lessening the royal government's strangling taxes, we have reinvigorated the economy of Bhutan.
Regional Taxation
By granting more autonomy to local leaders and lessening the royal government's strangling taxes and regulations, we have reinvigorated the economy of Bhutan.
Centralised Economy
We have begun the process of centralising our economy by focusing on economic development through an empowered planning commission.
Centralised Economy
We have centralised our economy by cutting away bloated tax codes and focusing on economic development through an empowered planning commission.
Treaty of Phuentscholing
The Treaty of Phuentscholing largely serves as a gateway into the wider world for Bhutan. The political concessions made with India has provided Bhutan with a small monetary stipend and the ability to trade through their southern border.
Treaty of Phuentscholing
$BHU_Phuentscholing_Treaty_desc$ With the two countries closer now than ever before, the benefits of their economic relationship are especially strong.
Indian Trade
Political concessions made with unified India has provided Bhutan with the ability to trade through their southern border, connecting them with the wider world and helping to strengthen the Bhutanese government.
The Fruits of Our Might
The Fruits of Our Labour
Defensive Effort
Domestic Arms Production
Bhutanese Army
By focusing on the quality of our soldiers and equipment we will build a professional army to defend our nation.
Bhutanese Army
We have built a Royal Bhutanese Army, the true defenders of our kingdom! By focusing on the quality of our soldiers and equipment we have formed a truly elite force.
Militia Military
By focusing on reorganising our local militias we can form a broad defensive force.
Militia Military
We have built a unified Bhutanese Militia, a bulwark against foreign aggression and civil strife! By focusing on centralising our militias we have formed a truly formidable force.
End of the Revolution
With the fighting in the countryside coming to a close our government has finally been afforded the opportunity to tackle the problems endemic to our nation, reforming the dysfunctional systems endemic to Bhutan into our vision of a perfect government.
A Nation of Buddhists
The peoples of Bhutan are Buddhist first, and Bhutanese second. This devotion towards both the Drukpa Kagyu and Nyingma Lineages of Buddhism is the foundation of our support in the country. The non-believers must be vanquished and our traditions protected!
Increase the Monastery Pension
While the Je Khenpo and the monastic body have long been steadfast supporters of the king, their support has been recently fragile. By providing an increased monastic pension, we can convince the more sceptical monks of our commitment to the Drukpa lineage of Buddhism.
Discourage Hindu Practices
The religious authorities of Bhutan have long pushed for a more active approach to the spread of Drukpa Buddhism across the nation. We will actively push against the Hindu minority of the south, in favour of loyal Buddhists.
Build More Dzongs
We face threats from within and abroad. If we hope to survive, we must build up our defences. There are a number of key locations within our domain which are underdeveloped. The expansion of our traditional bases would go a great way towards strengthening our rule over Bhutan.
Expand the Capital
We currently operate all government business from ancient fortresses, opulent castles built during the reign of medieval heroes and nobles. Of these great Dzongs, none is more beautiful than the winter capital, Punakha Dzong, though the great palace has recently fallen into disrepair.
Strengthen the Dynasty
The rule of the Wangchuck family is relatively young, and there are many in the country who remember a time before they were ruled over by the Wangchuck Druk Gyalpos. The future and past of Bhutan are with the kingdom and the Wangchuck family, and the sooner the people and lords of the nation come to recognise that, the sooner our kingdom can truly find its place in the sun.
Meet with Loyal Penlops
While many of the western Penlops turned their back on us during the Zhabdrung's revolution, the majority remained our steadfast allies. We should express our amnesty to those figures who stood on the fence during the conflict, and build a coalition of supportive Penlops.
Call for a National Assembly
For generations, the people of Bhutan have suffered under cruel masters and ignorant rulers, who paid little mind to the legitimate complaints of the village gewogs and elders. It is only by working with these figures that we can solve the myriad issues our kingdom faces. We should call together an advisory council guided by the wise Gongzim Sonam Topgye Dorji, to help him properly inform and give counsel to the king.
Abolish the Tsatong Tax
The people of our kingdom are shackled with confusing taxes and regulations, none more infuriating than the Tsatong tax, which stunts growth in our village for little gain.
Entrench Feudal Hierarchy
For years the Wangchuck family attempted to disrupt the careful balance between the ruler of Bhutan and his vassals. They disregarded monastic and Penlop privileges which have existed for hundreds of years. These privileges will be restored and balance returned to Bhutan
A Unifying King
The role of the Druk Gyalpo often revolves around balancing the various factions within the country. While there is usually little consensus, all in the capital believe that the rule of the Wangchuck family is legitimate and fundamental to the continuation of our sovereignty and prosperity.
Build a New Civil Service
Civil servants are the life-blood of our kingdom, bringing the rule of the king to the far corners of our realm. However, this body has grown stale, corrupt, and scheming over countless generations of government stagnation. We will cast away the most problematic agents of the crown, then rebuild around a core of loyal and energetic men.
Rein in our Bureaucracy
The tax collection agents of Bhutan are granted wide-sweeping powers and often use their control to settle personal grudges and terrorise political opponents. We cannot tolerate extortion and vindictive justice.
Build a Military School
By training the sons of the nobility in the art of warfare, our armies will be better led. By teaching these sons under the shadow of Punakha Dzong, the position of Druk Gyalpo will be more secure.
Protector of Bhutan
The Traditionalist faction in court has long called itself the sword and the shield of Bhutan. With the blessing of the Traditionalist military elite, the Druk Gyalpo now stands as the undisputed wielder of that sword and shield.
Punakha Academy
By creating a civil academy in Punakha, we will provide for a new generation of leaders and administrators. We will import western teachers and educational styles and combine them with the traditional needs of our kingdom.
Establish a Planning Commission
We will create a commission of wise experts to aid us in developing our industry. While this commission will not have the power to enact policy, their recommendations will be taken directly to the king and his councillors.
Streamline Administration
Our local administration is wildly bloated and inefficient. In many cases, our villages pay tax to dozens of different bureaucrats and inspectors, many of whom provide nothing to either the state or the people.
Decentralisation
Over the last decades, the kings of Bhutan have wrestled away power and privileges away from local leaders, hampering economic development across the country. We must give autonomy back to our Penlops and local leaders, so that they may tailor policy to their own constituencies.
Increase Reliance on Serfs
Long has own nation relied on the labour of our landless serfs. While the reform faction has long tried to change the status of these subjects, it has become clear to us that such a revolutionary change threatens to undermine our entire society.
Developing Bhutan
Having completed the necessary reforms to stabilise our nation, we can now look to begin developing the country. While many are wary of government intervention into such matters, drastic action is needed to safeguard our nation.
Solidify Our Grip
Our new regime cannot hope to rely on the goodwill of those who once opposed us. Purging those who are disloyal may weaken our government in the short term, but no great Dzong was built upon a rotten structure.
Curtail Wayward Penlops
Many Penlops came out in support of rival claimants during the struggle for the throne. They must be excluded from positions of power. While most will eventually be forgiven for their mistakes, some must be reminded of the true price of treason.
Show our Strength
For years Bhutan has played second fiddle to her neighbours, bowing to the whims of the Indians and standing by while Nepal steps on our ambitions. We shall not forget the glory of our forefathers, warriors who fought their enemies with ferocity and zeal.
Assembling Raiders
Tshering Penjor inspires loyalty in his soldiers by promising them two things: wherever they will go, he will go with them, and whenever they return, it will be with wagons of loot.
Exalt the Buddhist Canon
The 108-volume Kangyur and 225-volume Tengyur make up the basis of the Tibetan Buddhist Canon. The Zhabdrung has proclaimed his intention to sponsor the creation of spectacular calligraphic editions of the two foundational works, for the betterment of Buddhists across Bhutan.
Enforce Monastic Primacy
Since its inception, Bhutan has been guided by the Drukpa Lineage of Vajrayana Buddhism. The great Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal brought the teachings of the Drukpa sect to Bhutan hundreds of years ago, and during his enlightened reign, the monks and lords of Bhutan lived in the harmony imposed by the great Tsa Yig legal code. By reintroducing the Tsa Yig as it was originally intended, the newest incarnation of the Zhabdrung will preside over the spiritual rebirth of Bhutan!
Purge Impure Elements
We do not wish to merely rule over Bhutan as the successors of the weak and cowardly Wangchuck Clan. We will purge this legacy of failure, starting with the greedy Reformists, who sold our country to the Indians for a paltry price. Enemies and traitors lurk in every Dzong and monastery, and Bhutan will not be truly free until they are all silenced.
Moderate our Message
There are multitudes of nobles and monks who supported the old monarchal Wangchuck regime, but whose goals and beliefs broadly align with our own. If we want to properly rule over the nation, perhaps we should reach out to these traitors, assuring them that our primary goal is to restore Bhutan to its former glory.
Welfare through the Monasteries
Traditionally, the monasteries of Bhutan served as centres for their local communities, providing key services and aid to the surrounding villages. By redirecting secular funds towards these monasteries, they can regain their proper place in society.
Fund Monastic Schools
Our intellectual energies cannot be devoted solely to the material world. By placing our wealth with the monastic schools we can ensure that a new generation of wise monks may rise to help guide Bhutan through the coming years.
Revive the Diarchy
It has been centuries since the reign of the first Lama of Bhutan. In the time following the Dual System of government that he imposed onto the country has been twisted beyond recognition. Once again will Bhutan be led by a Lama!
Address the Military
Our military forces are in desperate need of reform. We rely on drawing levies from our penlops, and the central government commands only a tiny group of royal soldiers. We must choose between expanding our local forces or focusing on a centralised army.
Using our Terrain
Our nation's greatest defensive asset is our unique terrain. We must develop strategies which rely upon our natural strengths and call upon our long history of fighting within these mountains.
Fortify Key Passes
Our mountain nation is connected to the outside world by a number of small mountain passes in both in the north and south. Let us protect these passes with a system of modern fortifications.
Recruit Mountain Guides
As we inhabit one of the most mountainous regions in the world, proficiency in navigating this terrain is a necessity for our military. We must learn to draw on locals who are familiar with this region and integrate them with our military.
New Weapon Designs
Our soldiers are equipped with a mix of colonial flintlocks and surplus rifles, if they are even equipped with guns. We should aim to modernise the weaponry fielded by our soldiers.
Smuggle Foreign Arms
While it is not a pretty business to smuggle weapons, the survival of our nation depends upon our ability to obtain modern weaponry. By drawing upon contacts made in India, we can siphon some of the surplus weapons from their conflict.
Invest in our Soldiers
If we hope to be able to face off against the trained and hardened levies of our neighbours, we will need to invest into the training and equipping of our soldiers. By allocating a portion of our funds towards clothing, feeding, and caring for our armed forces, we can turn recruits into soldiers, crafting a fighting force which can go toe-to-toe with our opponents.
Create a National Doctrine
Centralising our armed forces into an army has presented us with the opportunity to form a singular doctrine. We will turn to our leading generals to help build a doctrine compatible with our army.
Draw on Noble Officers
Long have our armies been led by the nobles of our kingdom. These men hold long martial lineages, and their wisdom and ability will be invaluable to forging a new army.
Promote Regional Leaders
The key to effectively reorganising our national militias is to make sure that local militia leaders are properly integrated into our command structure. They will bring valued insight to our generals and reassure our people.
Every Family a Son
Traditionally nobles would draw upon each family to volunteer one able-bodied man to serve as a soldier during times of crisis. We will modify this system, calling on families to volunteer one son to join the ranks of our reserves. These men will serve as the bulk of our new modern army.
Equip Specialised Units
We should begin to invest in specialised equipment for our rapidly modernising army. By equipping small groups of soldiers with specific equipment, we can build a truly modern fighting force.
Reorganise Militia Structure
Our armed forces are divided into a number of militias spread across the nation, with little to no cooperation between these groups. By putting all of these militias into an organised hierarchy, we can increase efficiency and reduce the chance of conflict.
Finish Military Reforms
We have greatly improved the structure and competency of our armed forces, drafting a reform plan which we can follow moving forwards. However, there is still much work needed if we hope to face off against the modern armies of our neighbours. We will need to rely on the grit and determination of our soldiers to make up for our more material deficiencies, and to continue investing into the defence of our realm.
£increase_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£decrease_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£increase_texticon £increase_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£increase_texticon £increase_texticon £increase_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£decrease_texticon £decrease_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£decrease_texticon £decrease_texticon £decrease_texticon  §YCentral Authority§!\n
£increase_texticon  §YEconomic Development§!\n
£decrease_texticon  §YEconomic Development§!\n
£increase_texticon £increase_texticon  §YEconomic Development§!\n
£increase_texticon £increase_texticon £increase_texticon  §YEconomic Development§!\n
£decrease_texticon £decrease_texticon  §YEconomic Development§!\n
£increase_texticon  §YMilitary Investment§!\n
£decrease_texticon  §YMilitary Investment§!\n
£increase_texticon £increase_texticon  §YMilitary Investment§!\n
£decrease_texticon £decrease_texticon  §YMilitary Investment§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HBuild up the Nation.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HSmuggle Weapons into Bhutan.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HRaid our Neighbours.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HManage Central Authority.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HManage Military Investment.§!\n
Enables £decision_icon_small §HDecisions§! to §HManage Economic Development.§!\n
Lose §R10§! Prestige.\n
§YTshering Penjor§! and his cabal of §RTraditionalist§! allies seize power.\n
§YSonam Topgye Dorji§! and his §RReformist§! allies coronate the late king's son, §YJigme Dorji Wangchuck§!.\n
The §RLhengye Zhungtshog§! recognises Zhabdrung §YJigme Dorji§! as the temporal ruler of Bhutan.\n
We will reap the spoils of war!
The §YTraditionalists§! will contribute §Rtwo thirds§! of the political power they can generate to us
The §YReformists§! will contribute §Rtwo thirds§! of the political power they can generate to us
The §YMonastic Body§! will contribute §Rtwo thirds§! of the political power they can generate to us
The §YReformists§! and §YMonastic Body§! will contribute §Rhalf§! of the political power they can generate to us
The §YTraditionalists§! and §YMonastic Body§! will contribute §Rhalf§! of the political power they can generate to us
Reforming Bhutan
Bhutan lags far behind most of the nations of the world, with an army made up of barely trained and equipped peasant levies and a pre-industrial economy revolving around subsistence farming and craft workshops. To survive in the modern world, Bhutan will have to reform its feudal structures into something more stable and robust. To do this, Bhutan must deal with three different areas of reform:\nThe first is £legitimacy  Central Authority. This value represents the amount of control the central government of Bhutan is able to exert on the various Penlops, monastic orders, and isolated villages of the kingdom. Raising the authority of the government is key to gaining the resources necessary to enact reforms to the nation.\nThe second is £industry_texticon  Economic Development. This value represents the investments made by the government into the industrial workshops of the country. The more the government invests into the economy, however, the more these investments cost daily political power. In a desperate attempt to raise revenue, one can also lower the amount of investment into the economy, freeing up capital for other projects.\nThe third is £manpower_texticon  Military Investment. This value represents the investments made by the government into arming and training the central army of the country. The more the government invests into the military, however, the more this army costs daily political power. In a desperate attempt to raise revenue, one can also lower the amount of investment into the military, freeing up capital for other projects.\nEach of these values can be £increase_texticon  raised or £decrease_texticon  lowered by a number of different events, focuses, and decisions. Be wise with your investments! A smart ruler knows to centralise the state before they begin to spend frivolously, and to invest in the army before jumping into a conflict.
Fading Control
Bhutan is divided between various factions and forces, each vying for their own goals and ambitions. If left unattended, these forces would slowly tear the kingdom apart.
End the Great Purge
Integrate Sikkim
Confront Nepal
Raid Nepal
Raid Tibet
Raid India
Purchase Foreign Arms
Expand Marketplaces
Draft Building Plans
Build the Lateral Road
Support Cottage Industries
Import Gunsmiths
Centralise Royal Authority
Increase Penlop Privileges
Fund the Central Commission
Delay Development Plans
Increase Army Budget
Grant Nepotistic Commissions
Enforce Monastic Primacy
Promote Secular Administrators
Fund Local Leaders
Ignore Local Corruption
Equip Local Militia Cadres
Reduce Military Oversight
Proclaim the Thunder Dragon Empire
With victory after victory against our neighbours, we have cemented ourselves as the preeminent power in the Himalayas. Leveraging our connections within the administrative backbone of the old Tibetan regime, we shall forge a new Buddhist Empire in the mountains, one which will carry forward the legacy of the great Namgyal Ngawang!
The country has stabilised
Jigme Wangchuck Reigns as Druk Gyalpo
Tshering Penjor Reigns as Druk Gyalpo
Sonam Topgye Dorji Rules as Regent
Jigme Dorji Reigns as Zhabdrung Rinpoche
The Reformist Faction has been favoured
The Conservative Faction has been favoured
Central Authority
Military Investment
Economic Development
Currently Raiding
DNC
Druk National Congress (Maximists)\n§LA club of noble exiles, socialists, and Indian agents, the Druk National Congress is a collection of misfits. Founded in Calcutta following a crackdown against radical Gewog leaders, the Congress has done very little since its creation. However, the rise of Subhas Chandra Bose has brought about increased Indian investment into the DNC, intending to use this collection of dissidents to destabilise Bhutan. The Maximist faction is intensely devoted to Bose and prioritises destruction of reactionary elements in the country and loyalty to the Republic.§!\n
DNC
Druk National Congress (Internationalists)\n§LA club of noble exiles, socialists, and Indian agents, the Druk National Congress is a collection of misfits. Founded in Calcutta following a crackdown against radical Gewog leaders, the Congress has done very little since its creation. However, the rise of Subhas Chandra Bose has brought about increased Indian investment into the DNC, intending to use this collection of dissidents to destabilise Bhutan. The Internationalist faction is made up of those members who travelled to France and Britain to petition for aid. They are most interested in connecting Bhutan with the outside world.§!\n
DNC
Druk National Congress (Revolutionaries)\n§LA club of noble exiles, socialists, and Indian agents, the Druk National Congress is a collection of misfits. Founded in Calcutta following a crackdown against radical Gewog leaders, the Congress has done very little since its creation. However, the rise of Subhas Chandra Bose has brought about increased Indian investment into the DNC, intending to use this collection of dissidents to destabilise Bhutan. The Revolutionary faction is the strongest within the party, and advocates for the end of serfdom and the creation of a new socialist republic in the Himalayas.§!\n
BSC
Bhutan State Congress (Democrats)\n§LFounded by a handful of Lhotshampa intellectuals, the Bhutan State Congress is a movement attempting to create a Lhotshampa political awakening in the southern regions of Bhutan. They have not found much success in their endeavours, with the oppressed Nepalese minority remaining sceptical of these political idealists, and the ruling authorities quick to stamp out dissent.§!\n
Jai Gorkha
Jai Gorkha\n§LFounded in the Indian states bordering southern Bhutan, Jai Gorkha is an underground political movement that aims to create a new state for the Nepalese, called Gorkhaland. This group has found many in Bhutan's Nepalese Lhotshampa community who are interested in this state-building project, and it has become the leading voice for this oppressed minority.§!\n
Radicals
Druk Gyalpo (Radicals)\n§LThe Radicals are a small group of court officials who are committed to bringing more democratic reform to Bhutan. While they share goals with the Reformist faction in court, they believe that the reforms offered by said faction are too limited and often chafe against Sonam Topgye Dorji's dominant position in that faction. With little support among any of the reigning powers in Bhutan, there is little chance that they will be able to act as anything more than a vocal opposition.§!\n
BSC
Bhutan State Congress (Peasant)\n§LFounded by a handful of Lhotshampa intellectuals, the Bhutan State Congress is a movement attempting to create a Lhotshampa political awakening in the southern regions of Bhutan. They have not found much success in their endeavours, with the oppressed Nepalese minority remaining sceptical of these political idealists, and the ruling authorities quick to stamp out dissent.§!\n
Reformers
Druk Gyalpo (Reformers)\n§LThe Reformists are a collection of nobles and court officials who advocate for a series of reforms meant to modernise the Kingdom of Bhutan. While fiercely loyal to the power of the king, they hope to devolve some powers from the aristocracy to the Gewog village elders, while retaining the power of the central monarchy. Their base of power is centred around the king's Gongzim minister, Sonam Topgye Dorji. Through his influence, they have become the second most powerful faction in the country, with the king slowly subscribing to this more reform-minded approach to ruling.§!\n
Traditionalists
Druk Gyalpo (Traditionalists)\n§LThe Traditionalists are a broad collection of Penlops, minor nobles, officials and military leaders loyal to the King and devoted to the maintenance of the status quo. They are supportive of the reigning Druk Gyalpo but seek primarily to expand the power of the Penlops at the expense of the central authorities. The Traditionalists are strictly opposed to the reforms proposed by Sonam Topgye Dorji and his clique of court loyalists, seeing them as a direct affront to feudalism in Bhutan.§!\n
Zhung Dratshang
Zhung Dratshang\n§LThe Zhung Dratshang is a council of monks from across the country, united in the goal of furthering monastic interests. They are led by the five learned masters, the Lopens, each an expert in a different theological field, and their leader the Je Khenpo. Having ruled over the country in the days before the central monarchy, even in the years following the body has long served to advise the rulers of Bhutan, promoting stability and traditional Buddhism.§!\n
Zhabdrung Loyalists
Zhung Dratshang (Loyalists)\n§LWhile the Zhabdrung Rinpoche has been the official leader of Bhutan for the last three hundred years, they have had no real power since the days of Bhutan's founder, Zhabdrung Ngawang Namgyal. The most recent incarnation of the ancient lama has spent years cultivating support among those who felt abandoned by the short-lived monarchy. In doing so he created a broad coalition of conservative monks and impoverished villagers, snubbed courtiers and political outcasts. It is at the head of this unwieldy alliance that Zhabdrung Jigme Dorji rules Bhutan, and he will have to make sure the house of cards he built for twenty years does not fall out from under him.§!\n
Broken Treaties
Treaty of Phuentscholing
It has been just under thirty years since the petty lords of Bhutan were brought to heel under the benevolent rule of the first Bhutanese king, Ugyen Wangchuck. Since his death in 1926, the kingdom has nearly been torn apart by rival claimants and the loss of its British patrons, dashing away any opportunity for real reform and leaving Bhutan as a remote and backwards remnant of the feudal past. In recent years, however, the young King Jigme and his reform-minded allies in the royal court have begun the process of dragging the nation into the 20th century. Will these reformists be successful, or will a new force take form in the Himalayas?
GFX_BHU_intro
Status of Bhutan
Bhutan was always on the periphery of Great Britain's sphere, and when the empire began to collapse, it remained firmly on the periphery. Following the establishment of a socialist republic in Bengal, Bhutanese statesman Sonam Topgye Dorji managed to negotiate a stable relationship with the Bharatiya People's Republic. Bhutan withdrew from their traditional claims in the Duars and recognised the Republic as an independent nation, and in return, the new syndicalist government in Calcutta continued the Raj's pre-revolution economic investment and recognised the sovereignty of Bhutan. With the situation in India heating up, and instability in Bhutan's close northern neighbour Tibet following the death of the 13th Dalai Lama, the kingdom aims to stand as an island of peace and stability amidst this vast sea of chaos.
§MKing Jigme Survives§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$, Mixed Conservative and Reform)\n£white_dot Maintain a Central Authority above Weak (Precarious, Moderate, Strong, or Absolute) when confronting the monks at Talo Monastery.\n\n§MTshering Penjor Crowned King§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$, Fully Conservative)\n£white_dot Bring Namgyal Bahadur in as the new head of the Royal Guard.\n£white_dot Use either Namgyal Bahadur or Sonam Topgye to investigate the mysterious caravan.\n£white_dot With Namgyal Bahadur, prepare an ambush on the main road north to Talo.\n£white_dot With Sonam Topgye, concentrate your forces and march to Punakha.\n£white_dot Maintain a Central Authority below Precarious (Weak, Feeble, or Abysmal) when confronting the monks at Talo Monastery.\n\n§MSonam Topgye Dorji Crowns Jigme Dorji Wangchuck King§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$, Fully Reform)\n£white_dot Do NOT bring Namgyal Bahadur in as the new head of the Royal Guard.\n£white_dot Use Sonam Topgye to investigate the mysterious caravan, then have him concentrate his forces and march to Punakha.\n£white_dot Maintain a Central Authority below Precarious (Weak, Feeble, or Abysmal) when confronting the monks at Talo Monastery.\n\n§MZhabdrung Rinpoche Jigme Dorji§! ($national_populist_coloured$, Mixed Conservative and Monastic)\n£white_dot Do NOT investigate the mysterious caravan.\n£white_dot Maintain a Central Authority below Precarious (Weak, Feeble, or Abysmal) when confronting the monks at Talo Monastery.
Jigme
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Phodrang, Wangdue Phodrang Province, Realm of Bhutan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAscending to the throne at the age of 21, Druk Gyalpo Jigme Wangchuck quickly proved himself as a capable, though uninteresting, leader. Negotiating Bhutan's place in the world following instability in both neighbouring Tibet and India, Jigme has managed to retain the status quo in his mountain kingdom, though many would attribute these successes to his Gongzim and ally Sonam Topgye Dorji. With dark clouds brewing on the horizon, there is some question as to whether Jigme can maintain his grip on the young kingdom.§!
Jigme Dorji
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1928, in Trongsa, Trongsa District, Kingdom of Bhutan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe late King Jigme's eldest son, young Jigme Dorji holds little power aside from his family name. However, his education has taken him outside of the mountain kingdom and began to give him knowledge of the outside world and a desire for reform in his own realm. While the kingdom is currently ruled by his regent Sonam Topgye Dorji, there is little doubt that King Jigme Dorji has great plans for the nation following his ascension.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1928, in Trongsa, Trongsa District, Kingdom of Bhutan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving completely taken power over the nation, young king Jigme Dorji continues to rely on the advice of his Gongzim Sonam Topgye Dorji. However, Jigme Dorji is no puppet, he seeks to totally reform the mountain kingdom along the lines of a modern western nation. Whether or not these reforms will prove to succeed is yet to be seen, but none would question Jigme Dorji's conviction to the betterment of his kingdom and people.§!
Zhabdrung Rinpoche
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Dakpo Domkar, Realm of Bhutan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LZhabdrung Rinpoche Jigme Dorji is a figure clouded in mystery. Some say that he is little better than a bandit, with few morals and no qualms about using violence to further his own goals. Others point to his devotion to Buddhism, though his several illegitimate wives conflict with these claims. Only one thing is entirely clear about the young religious leader, he truly views himself as the reincarnation of the great Ngawang Namgyal, and wishes more than anything to reclaim the ancient power and glory of Bhutan.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Dakpo Domkar, Realm of Bhutan§!
Tshering Penjor
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in the Realm of Bhutan§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA harsh and cruel man, few doubt the effectiveness of Tshering Penjor as Druk Gyalpo. He is a man of contradictions, quick to laugh but quicker to anger, the host of numerous concubines but no wives. None know for certain why the Paro Penlop seized the throne following the death of his liege, whether he felt the need to guide Bhutan as a firm and strong ruler, or simply desired the title promised to him over a decade ago.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in the Realm of Bhutan§!
D.B. Gurung
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Mahasur Chhetri
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Bal Bahadur Basnet
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Choekyi Wangchuck
§YBorn:§! §L1860, in the Realm of Bhutan§!
Sonam Topgye Dorji
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Kalimpong, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Interregnum
§YBackground:§! §LBhutan is now a kingdom without a king, and its throne lies vacant, for the time being at least.§!
Namgyal Bahadur
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Lhuentse, Kurtoe Penlop, Realm of Bhutan§!
Zamadar Chencho
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Haa, Paro Penlop, Realm of Bhutan§!
Chhoki Gyeltshen
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Chimi Dorji Rabden
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Chogley Jigme Tenzin
§YBorn:§! §L1917, in the Realm of Bhutan§!
Jhulendra Bahadur Pradhan
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Paro Penlop, Realm of Bhutan§!
Phuntsho Choden
§YBorn:§! §L1911, in Wangducholing Palace, Trongsa Penlop, Kingdom of Bhutan§!
Samten Jamtsho
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Ngawang Gyaltsen
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in the Realm of Bhutan§!
Pedma Chandra
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Thinley Namgyel
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Realm of Bhutan§!
Royal Army Council
§YFounded:§! §LDecember 17th, 1907, in Punakha Dzong, Punakha District, Kingdom of Bhutan§!
Empty Throne
The Young Dragon
The Young Dragon
Steady Handed
King of Feasts
Audacious Lama
