Switzerland Focus Tree
U-Boot
Swiss Cities
Swiss Regions
Swiss Geography
Swiss Leaders
Swiss Battles
Savoyard Crisis
Romandy Secedes from Switzerland
Referendum: Combat the Economic Crisis
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the government to introduce sweeping austerity measures to combat the economic crisis caused by the recent collapse of the Berlin Stock Exchange.
Referendum: On the Transport of Goods
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the revision of a law that would standardise the transportation of goods and animals on public roads, and would limit this transportation in favour of governmental transport.
Referendum: Reorganise the Army
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the reorganisation of the army along the German model. Such a reorganisation would necessitate the invitation of German military advisors and result in temporary disorganisation in the military.
Referendum: The Status of Freemasonry
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans for the banning of secret societies such as Freemasonry and other secret politicised gatherings.
Referendum: The National Protection Act
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to grant greater powers to Swiss police forces to arrest and detain without trial, in the interest of maintaining public order, and to combat subversive threats in the nation, such as the threats posed by extremist movements in the Romandie region.
Referendum: Ban Syndicalist Unions
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to ban the formation of and participation in unions or other political organisations that follow the Syndicalist manifesto or adhere to strong Syndicalist beliefs. This measure is designed to curb extremist influence in Switzerland and restore stability in the nation.
Referendum: Official Languages
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to include Romansch as an official language in Switzerland. Including Romansch as an official language would serve to include those who have previously felt as outcasts into the national government.
The Savoyard Crisis
Agitated by supporters in the neighbouring French Commune, local Syndicalist revolutionaries in Romandie and Haute-Savoie have made a move against the Swiss national government. This uprising has become internationally known as \
Bend to France
Germany has abandoned us, and no other nation has taken up our cause in the face of the French behemoth. Is it not better, then, to join the French rather than be crushed by the Syndicalist tide?
Enemies on All Sides
Germany to the North has betrayed us. France to the West has seized our land, backed by Italy to the South. Austria to the East pays us no heed. We are surrounded by enemies and traitors on all sides. The Swiss people have no friends but themselves, and none other.
Aid from Germany
In the face of outright aggression from the French, Germany has answered our calls for aid and stands firmly with the Swiss people in their stand against Syndicalism. With Germany by our side, we can beat back the French hordes and secure our borders with German aid.
The Black Spot of Europe
There is a Black Spot forming in the centre of Europe, where few enter, and few leave. The Swiss people have made their nation an impenetrable fortress bristling with xenophobia and myriad interweaving fortresses, content for now to their self-imposed isolation.
Defend the Borders
Our borders are in danger of being violated. It is our duty to remind our neighbours that we are a sovereign nation that will not be trampled upon again by an imperialist foreign power.
Referendum: Abolish the Federal Government
This Referendum, presented to the Swiss people, details plans to abolish the current Federal Government and reconstitute a new government to be decided upon by the Swiss people, and approved by invited guests from the neighbouring French Commune.
Economic Assistance from Mitteleuropa
Switzerland is not a nation gifted with an abundance of natural resources. Creating a flow of men and materiel from Mitteleuropa to Switzerland will allow us to sustain our fragile economy in the face of French aggression.
Joint Military Command
Our military command is enthusiastic but green in the field. We must reorganise our command structure to integrate our own forces with the massive German military. This joint command will increase the effectiveness of both nation's armies in the unforgiving Swiss Alps.
Expel Foreign Agents
It is through the corruption of foreign influences that we have found ourselves in this political hole, surrounded on all sides by those who want to seize our lands and destroy our culture. They must be expelled if our nation is to survive.
Free the Verdingkinder
The Verdingkinder, or \
All Citizens Serve
It is not enough to simply draft the men in defence of Switzerland. The women, the children, the elderly. Our neighbours can field armies of millions, so we too must field an army of equal size to combat these threats.
Fill the Gold Reserves
To form the backbone of our new economy, the Swiss Bank's gold reserves must be filled and preserved with large quantities of gold that will anchor our currency for generations to come.
The Government Has Failed
The current model of the Swiss government has proven wholly weak and ineffective in protecting Switzerland from the vultures that circle her. Drastic governmental reform and a strong leading hand are needed if Switzerland is to continue as a free and independent nation.
One Swiss People, One Swiss Language
For too long have the Swiss people bent to the wills of our neighbours and spoken in their tongues. It is time for Switzerland to abandon these foreign languages and only conduct official business in the German language, the one true language of Switzerland.
Avenge Those Lost in Geneva
Years ago, the brave workers of Geneva stood up for their rights and freedoms, and were brutally struck down by the old capitalist regime. Now we can properly honour those heroes who gave their lives to lay the foundations for the modern Syndicalist Switzerland we know and love today.
Geistige Landesverteidigung
The national spirit of Switzerland focuses on a strong defence in the face of foreign invasion. The Swiss people do not fight for imperialist ambitions, but to defend their neighbours and their homes.
Beat Back the French
After securing our position from the National Redoubt, it is time to gather our forces and mount a large counterattack in order to fight the French off of our land. Once beaten back, we can work with our German allies and march into the Commune itself.
Alliance with Austria
Responding to our calls for aid, our longtime neighbour the Austrian Empire has responded and promised to defend our sovereignty against French aggression. With the aid of a power such as Austria, we are surely capable of holding against the French invaders.
The Swiss Miracle
A combination of strong economic policies, a healthy bank stocked with gold, and a dash of luck have combined to birth an economic boom the likes of which Switzerland has never seen. Dubbed \
Réduit
Switzerland's defensive mindset centres around a series of mountain fortresses and fortifications that make Switzerland an impenetrable obstacle. This prideful spirit of defence drives our forces onwards to a glorious victory.
A Modern Rütlischwur
Over 600 years ago our ancestors gathered on the Rütli to swear the oath of the Swiss Confederacy. Now, on the eve of our rebirth, we must gather representatives from the Unions across Switzerland to swear a new oath, one forming the foundation of the new Syndicalist age.
Found the National Unions
Outside of Romandie, Syndicalist Unions have failed to make significant gains politically and are struggling with their newfound power. We must support and officially recognise the authority these Unions now have in the government.
Fortress St. Gotthard
Fortress St. Gotthard forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Fortress St. Maurice
Fortress St. Maurice forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Fortress Sargans
Fortress Sargans forms one of the three main defensive fortifications that make up the defensive network stretching across Switzerland. While strong, this network is still in need of improvements and repairs. Updating these fortresses is a key step in maintaining a strong defensive stance.
Retreat to the National Redoubt
The betrayal of the Romandie Cantons and the advance of the French forces has put us in an unfavourable position. We cannot hope to hold the line at the border, it is best that our military retreat to our prepared defences in the National Redoubt as we regroup and prepare our counterattack.
Winning the Cultivation Battle
Switzerland is not a nation blessed with an abundance of natural resources. For centuries Swiss farmers have fought a battle against the harsh mountain climates to grow enough crops to feed the nation. Now that war looms on the horizon, we must subsidise these farmers to make Switzerland self-sufficient.
The Bircher Plan
Major General Eugen Bircher has put forth a plan to defend the nation that involves pursuing a more traditional war with a larger army and a central, mobile force that would seek set-piece battles. Choosing this plan would commit the nation to fighting a war centred around a mobile army with as many offensive moves as defensive.
The Guisan Plan
Lieutenant Colonel Henri Guisan has put forth a plan to defend the nation that involves a stoic defence and continued usage of the pre-prepared fallback lines and fortresses that would ensure a campaign of guerrilla warfare throughout our nation. Accepting his plan would mean moving forward with a plan to fight a purely defensive war.
Activate the Border Guard
We must first activate the civilian Border Guard units and flood our outer defences with soldiers in a show of force against outside aggression. The Swiss people will flock in droves to our defence, and only the staunchest of foes would dare break themselves upon our walls.
The Rütlirapport
What the troops need to perform effectively is a strong leader who will lead them through the darkness to victory. Henri Guisan is prepared to be that man, and has gathered a large amount of soldiers to inspire with his words.
By Bullet or Bayonet
If Switzerland is to fall to foreign aggressors, she will not go down without a fight. By bullet or by bayonet the Swiss people will fight for every inch of land and throw our enemies back from our lands.
Resist to the End
Even after the battles are lost and are armies driven from the field, our enemies can not rest easy. It is the duty of the Swiss people to resist in everything they do, and to stop the enemy in every way they can.
Assemble the Ski Divisions
The Swiss Ski Divisions have a mastery of the Alpine terrain and should be moved into a single, cohesive unit capable of making a decisive strike against our enemies. Properly equipping and expanding these forces will give us a powerful tool to use in the fights to come.
Active Defence
The best defence is a good offence. It is not good enough to simply sit behind or lines. We must make active manoeuvres and strike at the enemy whenever we are given an opportunity, so that we may eventually drive him from our lands entirely.
The Schweizerische Flugwaffe
The Swiss Air Force has not seen a major change in composition since the end of the Weltkrieg. Our planes are old and decrepit, and in drastic need of an overhaul. We must begin an immediate modernisation of our air force so as not to be left behind.
Federal Act on Banks and Savings Banks
The Swiss National Bank is the strong economic arm of the entire country, handling the finances of the vast majority of the population and the government alike. Subsidising and assisting the bank in its operations, and allowing for bank secrecy when dealing with account holder funds, will serve to boost the economy as we recover from the Black Monday disaster.
Free our Skies
Our terrestrial defences are strong, but can be easily weakened in the face of enemy air superiority. We should focus heavily on maintaining air superiority in order to keep our enemies at bay.
Expand the Alpine Rhine Crossing
Our border with Austria is complicated by rivers and mountains that make traversing the terrain slow and difficult. Expansion of these passages between our two nations will enhance the Austrian's ability to send troops and materials to our aid when advancing westwards into the Commune.
Create Economic Lifelines
The conflict with France has severed many of our traditional routes of supply. As a landlocked nation, we rely heavily on land routes through friendly nations in order to receive the resources we need for survival. We must expand these network in order to fuel our war effort and maintain the flow of goods.
New Fighters
It is not enough to copy the designs of other nation's militaries. Funding a new initiative to design a truly Swiss fighter will reduce our dependence on foreign militaries for supplies and equipment.
Call for International Aid
Our own forces are insufficient, but we hold the moral high ground in this obviously unwarranted conflict. By pleading with every nation that will listen for aid, maybe we can scrape together enough assistance to turn the tide.
Formalise the Volunteer Divisions
With a new flow of foreign volunteers established, it is now only a matter of organising this trickle of able-bodied men into cohesive fighting units. Mixing these volunteer units with proper Swiss soldiers will strengthen their backbone and improve their organisation the battlefield.
Hold the Limmat Line
Even with a world power on our side, we must still find a way to hold the line against the French aggressors. We cannot win alone, so we must use every advantage available to us to survive long enough for foreign intervention to save the day.
Learn German Tactics
Joining our military command with Germany's has taught us that our own military tactics are woefully behind the times. The new doctrine of the German Army can be taught to our troops in order to bring our troops up to our Ally's standards.
Alpine Airfields
The lofty peaks of the Swiss Alps provide many areas for us to construct new airfields for military use. The altitude of these airfields will make them difficult for the enemy to seize or destroy in war.
Nationalise SwissAir
Our air force is lacking in trained pilots and serviceable planes. In light of this crisis, we must take advantage of every possible plane we can get our hands on. One proposition is to nationalise all civilian planes and recruit their pilots, mechanics, and radiomen into our own air force.
Airborne Border Raids
We should look to use our air force not only as a defensive force, but also as a force capable of striking deep into enemy territory. Performing these cross-border raids into enemy territory will let our enemies know that we are capable of more than simple defensive actions.
Camouflaged Anti-Air Emplacements
The mountainous terrain of the Alps creates a multitude of areas where we can create new defensive AA emplacements to defend our skies. Such a network of emplaced defences will make any air force rethink their plans to invade our airspace.
The New Swiss Army
Through reform and new military leadership, the Swiss Army of today is all but unrecognisable compared to the army that marched in drill but a few short years ago. This new army is tough, veteran, and ready to take on the world.
Expand The Coal Mines
The National Coal Mines provide the strong economic foundation on which the Swiss economy is built. Expanding their operations will increase our economic output exponentially.
Reverse the Economic Downturn
After the disastrous hit to our economy that was Black Monday, it has become clear the government needs to take immediate action in order to save the Swiss economy from suffering a complete meltdown.
War Profiteering
Our neighbour's losses are our gains. Selling weapons to our neighbours as they kill each other in senseless conflict can only serve to strengthen our own position when the time comes to fight.
Striving for Economic Self-Sufficiency
All aspects of the Swiss economy rely heavily on foreign imports in order to survive. We must work to move as many industries as possible inside of our own borders to reduce our reliance on foreign powers and encourage our economy to rely on internal sources for production.
Licence Foreign Designs
Foreign aircraft have proven to be deadly and effective in recent wars. Our own aircraft industry is in its infancy. Perhaps the best idea is to instead licence foreign designs rather than having to spend valuable resources researching our own Swiss aircraft.
The Trans-Alpine Railway Tunnels
The tunnels running beneath the Alps form a powerful economic lifeline that cross through the centre of Europe. Expanding these tunnels will increase our ability to profit from our control of these railways.
Promote the Swiss Franc
The economic systems of our neighbours have seen disastrous free falls in the wake of Black Monday. This has affected the strengths of their currencies, and confidence in the financial markets has fallen. Promoting the Swiss franc as the viable alternative to the failing German mark will serve to boost our own economy in the face of this economic crisis.
Sell Wehr Bonds
Promotion of the Swiss Franc has begun boosting our economy, but the government is still heavily in debt. We must turn to the people in order to support the government in the face of war.
Found the Military Intelligence Service
As a small nation in the centre of Europe, we cannot hope to win on strength alone. We must found a new intelligence service that can solve our problems before they can snowball out of control, and give us powerful intelligence on the moves of our enemies.
NEMA Modell 45
Developed as a replacement for the ageing German ciphers used by the Swiss Army prior to the Second Weltkrieg, the NEMA represents the nation's interests in ensuring that no other nation no matter how friendly, can read our mail.
Issues of the Day
For many issues of public importance in Switzerland, the people are allowed to vote in nation-wide referendums, where the outcome is determined by popular vote. Focusing our efforts on these issues will ensure that we tackle the societal problems that people find important in their daily lives.
Join the Vienna Circle
The Austrians have recently made overtures to other nations close to them to participate in the Vienna Circle, a centre of technological advancement and learning in the heart of the Austrian Empire. Joining such a programme would no doubt allow us to enjoy the fruit of these technological advancements.
Strengthen Formal Ties
Our continued relationship with Austria in our fight against Syndicalism is the lifeline keeping our nation from total collapse. We must make moves to ensure that this relationship holds for as long as we face a common foe.
Never Another Geneva
The Geneva Strikes of the early 1930s were caused by a failing and inefficient government. We have made steps to reform that government, but there are many who seek protections against such a tragedy ever occurring again. Thus the Syndicalist Unions are to be given their own military powers, so that the power rests solely in the hands of the Trade Unions.
Found the Helvetic Commune
The people of Switzerland have made their wills clear. The crimes and failings of the past were caused by a government too strong for its own good, and too disconnected from the people, wallowing in its capitalist greed. Thus a new government must be formed, a government run solely by the people, and for the people.
A Stronger Hand is Needed
The people of Switzerland have made their will clear. The crimes and failings of the past were caused by lack of protection from foreign influences. The common people cannot defend against such aggression by themselves. Thus a strong state is necessary to safeguard the nation's future comrades. For we are the only thing standing between you and them.
Loyalty to the State
We must encourage loyalty to the state whenever possible, so that we may foster both a populace and a military that values the strength of the government and its ability to protect the people.
Consolidate Governmental Power
There are dissenting voices still within the government and in the streets that oppose the takeover of the government by loyal nationalist forces. These voices are muted, for now, but a consolidation is necessary if we are to identify and \
Fortress Defences
If our enemies are so keen to attack us in our homes, then we will make such a network of interconnected fortifications that the very idea of assaulting Switzerland will fill the enemy with dread, as they imagine the many millions it will take to gain even a single kilometre of our land.
Encourage Militarism
Only through show of arms can we secure our nation's future. To this end, it is important that we instil a strong sense of national pride in all citizens of the nation, so that they will fight to the bitter end to defend their home and their state.
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy's purpose is to investigate the use of both nuclear power in providing for our nation's energy needs, and to evaluate the requirements for the advancement of a weaponised nuclear programme for the defence of the nation.
Expand our Intelligence Operations
With the world falling to chaos, the Military Intelligence Service must be called upon again and again to undertake more dangerous and more dubious tasks to defend the nation. Expanding their areas of influence and operational capacities will help them resolve whatever problem comes their way. No matter how unsavoury.
Transition to a Motorised Force
Our military is almost entirely composed of foot infantry and horse-drawn support. Our troops are slow to move and our supplies even slower to arrive. It is important that we invest in motorisation to keep our troops from fighting the next war with the last war's equipment.
Invest in the Nahkampfkanone
The Nahkampfkanone, an experimental Swiss AT Destroyer, has shown great promise in its initial field tests. This project has shown that we are capable of designing our own armoured vehicles, and that we should continue to invest in similar projects.
Leichte Brigaden
Our initial motorisation efforts have proved most successful, but there is still more to do. In Germany, new mechanised Leichte Brigaden have begun to show promise as the fighting force of the future, and it is only wise that we follow in their footsteps and invest in our own mechanised forces.
Reform the Pilot Schools
In the interwar period, our fighters relied on an informal school of training that involved local instructors and wildly differing levels of competence. Now that the Air Force is being reformed into a strong and professional force, we must take care to standardise our pilot training school to improve the quality of our pilots nationwide.
Bambini-Code
Bambini-Code is a brevity code recently developed to allow for easy communication between our fighter squadrons in the heat of combat. Its use has proven wildly effective, and promoting and requiring its use among our pilots will drastically improve their ability to perform against their counterparts.
Surveillance Squadrons
The establishment of the Surveillance Squadrons will allow us to gain intelligence through fighter patrols in and around our borders while also maintaining a large nighttime presence.
Flugzeugwerk Emmen
Flugzeugwerk Emmen is the nation's first dedicated aircraft factory, and is designed to construct the first of many planes in the Swiss Air Force.
Strategic Bombing Initiatives
The acceleration of our previous raiding campaigns have taught us that if we are to continue, we must invest in large strategic bombing forces. These forces will allow us to project our power across the continent while maintaining our air force entirely within the confines of Switzerland.
New Defensive Fortifications
Our previous projects have given us extensive experience and knowledge in the proper construction and design of fortifications. We can take advantage of this knowledge and create new defensive networks wherever they are needed.
Electrify the Railways
Our nation is one with twisting roadways and extensive railways that connect cities separated by large mountain ranges. It is important that we update and maintain our extensive rail networks so that we may move goods and soldiers around the nation as easily as possible. Electrifying tour rail lines with power from our hydroelectric dams will ensure they run as efficiently as possible.
National Canton Development Initiative
We must make a concerted effort to develop all regions of the nation equally. To this end, we must allow the Cantons autonomy in their own development and construction of infrastructure, as well as to empower the Bureau of Mining of the Federal War, Industry and Employment Office to create a national survey of the nation's natural resources for exploitation.
Subsidise Schmolz + Bickenbach
Switzerland is a nation with few national resources of its own. Schmolz + Bickenbach is one of the few Steel corporations operating inside of the country. If Switzerland is to become self-sufficient in Steel production, we will need to fund their efforts.
Swiss on the High Seas
Switzerland is a traditionally landlocked nation with no direct access to the high seas, however, this does not prevent us from fielding a fleet of our own. Whether it is a militarised navy or one of maritime commerce, the Swiss will sail the seas as proud as any other nation on earth.
Subsidise Oerlikon-Bührle
Oerlikon-Bührle is the largest producer of arms and artillery in the nation. Their weapons constitute almost half of our nations arms exports, and giving them valued government subsidies will not only increase their productivity but ensure our soldiers are equipped with the highest quality weapons.
The Swiss War Economy
The war is becoming a large drain on our stockpiles of arms and ammunition. Our trade with foreign powers is not only insufficient, but unreliable. We must transition not only our industrial quarters but all parts of our society to a war footing if we are to produce enough weapons to last the conflict.
Expand the Shipyards
Our military adventures have found us currently in possession of several large shipyards. These shipyards, the first in our nation's history, could be used to produce the large blue-water navy that the Swiss people have only ever dreamed of.
Focus on the Merchant Marine
Investing into a strong military navy would be a waste. By the time hostilities have ended, our navy will still be in its infancy. Meanwhile, we could instead use this time to invest heavily into our merchant marine, the voyages of which could directly impact our international trade and bring back tidy profits.
Focus on a Militarised Navy
Rather than wasting our time focusing on trade, we should instead use our new naval facilities to facilitate the creation of a completely new Swiss Navy, one which can fight the navies of the other world powers.
Expanding into Seaborne Trade
The Swiss economy is on an upswing that will last for years to come. Now that we have sea access, it is our best interests to keep this momentum and begin investing into nautical trade routes to expand our wealth.
A Centre of Maritime Commerce
Our continued investment into the merchant marine and maritime trade, combined with the strong state of the Swiss economy, has allowed our ports to be known as strong centres of trade worldwide, with the economic gains from these cities flowing freely into our treasury.
Brown Water to Blue Water Navy
The Lakes Flotilla of Switzerland now finds itself in possession of all of the facilities and materiel necessary to form a proper naval force. This newly created Swiss Navy must quickly adapt itself to combat on the high seas, or be sunk.
Naval Bomber Development
A combination of research into traditional bomber forces and naval innovations, the new Swiss naval bombers will drastically increase our ability to project power across the waves.
Expand the Lakes Flotilla
While we move forward with our transition to a fully blue water navy, it is still of vital importance that we support the Lakes Flotilla, for they protect the waterways in and around Switzerland from outside aggression.
Naval Officer Training
Switzerland's naval activities in previous years has consisted only of merchant marine sailors and the brown water Lakes Flotilla. We must take these few experienced men we can, and use them to train the next generation of proud Swiss sailors for our navy.
Swiss Ship Designs
While we have come into the possession of new naval facilities, a first for this formerly landlocked state, we cannot move forward with a fleet without first investing in ship designs. Switzerland's naval tradition is small, and thus we must move forward to design a new fleet of ships as soon as possible to begin our training.
Christening the EKS Helvetia
After several gruelling months of work, it is time for great celebration as the Swiss Navy officially christens its first ocean going naval vessel. The EKS Helvetia is the first of many in the new Swiss Fleet, and will serve as our first flagship as the Swiss Navy joins the great oceangoing fleets of this age.
Swiss beneath the Waves
While we have found ourselves in possession of large naval facilities and dockyards, it is not feasible to create a large traditional fleet. Instead we should focus on cheap and efficient submarines, so that we can project power without the decades-long investments a surface fleet requires.
The Landlocked Fleet
Our nation was formerly a landlocked state, one that could not properly project its power on the high seas. Now we find ourselves in the possession of multiple dockyards, and as an ascendant naval power. It is our duty to create a surface fleet that can go toe-to-toe with the old powers.
Peace and Reconciliation
We have made it through the Savoyard Crisis with no Swiss blood being shed. We have realised that violence is not always the answer, and maintaining our neutrality in the face of conflict is what makes us strong. We can move forward from this crisis as a newer and stronger nation.
Diplomatic Mission to the Commune
The source of the crisis in Haute-Savoie was our extremely sour relations with our large neighbour, the Commune of France. We have had poor relations for over a decade, and it is time for this era of rivalry to end. We will send a diplomatic mission to Paris to try and hammer out a diplomatic solution to our confrontations and try and befriend France, rather than fight them.
Embrace Our Neutrality
The Swiss people are known far and wide as a people who value the strength of neutrality. Having survived the Savoyard Crisis without surrendering our values, we have proven that neutrality is a virtue. We should embrace this philosophy across the nation.
Beacon of Peace and Prosperity
Switzerland has been through a series of tough trials and society-shattering crises, but has stood tall through all of them. Even as nations around us fight and squabble over their totalitarian empires, we stand tall in the middle of Europe as a burning beacon of peace and prosperity in the middle of the storm.
Reclaim the Nation
It is not by hiding in our homes and bracing for the coming tides that we shall weather the storm. It is by taking what is and has always been rightfully ours. The people must be united behind a common cause, and this cause is to take what our enemies have stolen from us.
Integrate the Militias
The true heroes of the Savoyard Crisis are the brave men of the anti-syndicalist militias. Their support helped us strengthen our nation, but it is now time to integrate the political militias into our armed forces, so they can fight for our great nation once again.
The Refugee Question
Switzerland has had a liberal immigration policy since the late 19th century. However it has become apparent that many of these migrants and refugees are to blame for many of our problems. While others have shown too much cowardice to stand up to international emigration, we must act to change our immigration policy.
An Army of the People
With the government overthrown, and the people put in control, it is now time to establish a new fighting force for Switzerland. We no longer need the figureheads of the past, the people shall lead our new army!
Dealing with the Senior Staff Officers
While the vast majority of the 'Old Guard' has fled to Germany, some loyal officers still remain. However, letting them lead our armies may alienate those who fought for the revolution.
Rebuilding Our Officer Corps
Our French allies have generously provided their support in training new officers for our military. With their support, we can rebuild the strong leadership our army has always depended on.
The Swiss Liberators
Our people fought valiantly for the revolution, and it is now time to turn that fighting spirit towards our borders. The imperialist threat is greater than ever, and we will have to fight to defend our freedom.
The memories of the event in Geneva has faded away from the public consciousness.
§YThis will usher a new era of friendship between [159.owner.getNameDef] and [SWI.getNameDef].§!
§RThis may have grave consequences...§!
§RThis may result in war!§!
§YA Plesbicite will be held in Campione within the next 60 days.§!
§GThe People of Campione have Spoken!§!
§GWe shall come back to this later while waiting for a more favourable circumstances in Italy.§!
Brown, Boveri & Cie
PTT
Lonza Elektrizitätswerke
Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft
Oerlikon
Schmolz + Bickenbach AG
Sulzer AG
FBW
Eidgenössische Konstruktionswerkstätte
Berna
Eidgenössisches Flugzeugwerk
Dornier-Werke Altenrhein AG
Pilatus
Werner Risch
Geistige Landesverteidigung
The national spirit of Switzerland focuses on a strong defence in the face of foreign invasion. The Swiss people do not fight for imperialist ambitions, but to defend their neighbours and their homes.
The Military Intelligence Service
The Military Intelligence Service is our main intelligence branch and its operations safeguard the Swiss people on a daily basis.
Populist Conscription
Our previous methods of conscription were not enough to save us. We must recruit every able bodied citizen into the military to avoid another humiliation.
Retreat to the Redoubt
The intervention of the French Commune in the Savoyard Crisis has left us reeling. It is time to retreat for now and attack later when are able to stabilise our situation.
Swiss Counterattack
We have marshalled our forces and prepared accordingly. It is time to drive the French back into their holes!
Memories of Geneva
5 years ago today the workers of Geneva began a major industrial action, demanding social and economic reforms, which threatened to spread to the rest of French-speaking Western Switzerland (known as the Romandie). Fearful of potential revolutionary influence by the Commune of France, the central government in Bern reacted swiftly by sending in the Federal Army to break the strike. In the ensuing violence 13 were killed and over 100 injured in Geneva. This has left a bitter divide between the Romandie and Bern which over the subsequent years has failed to heal.
Holding the Line
It is our duty to hold the line while we hope for the Great Powers of Europe to save us from hostile intent.
Economic Lifelines
Economic trade routes through neutral powers keep the nation afloat when certain neighbour states wish to see us annihilated.
Political Insulation
Our insulation from trifling foreign matters has given us an unprecedented ability to focus inwards and strengthen the government.
Honouring the Geneva Dead
Those who gave their lives for the Syndicalist cause in Geneva are true heroes of the state, and must be honoured as such.
Free Skies
Our focus on aerial superiority has helped keep our skies clear of hostile air forces.
Effects of Black Monday
The Black Monday disaster has hit the Swiss economy hard. We must take drastic action if we are to recover.
The Swiss National Bank
The Swiss National Bank is the strong economic arm of the entire country, handling the finances of the vast majority of the population and the government alike.
Joint Command
The lessons learned from joining our command to the German Empire's have improved our ability to plan large scale operations drastically.
Study Commission for Nuclear Energy
The Study Commission for Nuclear Energy is tasked with researching the feasibility of incorporating nuclear arms into our armed forces.
National Fortresses
Our nation is blessed with a wide array of natural defences. Incorporating these natural barriers into new defensive networks will make our nation all but impenetrable to any would-be invader.
Canton Development Initiative
This Developmental Initiative hopes to revitalise our flagging industry in the face of the Black Monday disaster.
Swiss Merchant Marine
Despite being landlocked, the Swiss Merchant Marine is a large and healthy trading enterprise, and supporting it as an important Swiss institution keeps the Swiss economy healthy and her people fed.
Surveillance Squadrons
The formation of new specialised Surveillance Squadrons will allow us to better keep track of the situation on the battlefield and better coordinate our air efforts with our ground forces in the field.
Swiss Neutrality
Switzerland enjoys a self-imposed policy of permanent neutrality in foreign affairs. Switzerland has not participated in a foreign conflict since the Treaty of Paris in 1815, and the principle of neutrality has become steadfastly engraved in both the Swiss state and her people.
Swiss-French Cooperation
Former enemies, a diplomatic mission from the Swiss has secured an atmosphere of reconciliation and cooperation between the two nations.
Swiss-French Cooperation
$SWI_FRA_coop_eco_idea_desc$ The French have levered their power to ensure they get the better end of the deal...
Officers Purged
Nervous about French-speaking officers in their midst, the new Populist military government has seen fit to remove those deemed 'undesirable' from the ranks.
Failed Coup
The Nationalist Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband attempted and failed to overthrow the government, failing to hold on to their illicit gains and throwing the nation into chaos. Order has been restored, but at what cost?
Empty Generalship
In times of peace the highest attainable rank in the Swiss military is that of Lieutenant General, although the role is more of a Senior Colonel than a General. Only in times of great need or looming military conflict is a man promoted to the rank of General in order to lead the defence of the nation.
Integrated Militias
Restrictions on Immigration
Switzerland has always relied on foreign labour to support its economy. The added stress on local workers will most certainly hamper our conscription efforts.
People's Army
With the departure of the 'Old Guard' from the ranks of the Swiss military, Switzerland now relies on the strength and resilience of its people to lead its army forwards.
People's Army
With thousands welcomed into our ranks, it is now time to promote new officers to lead our army into the future.
Disorganised Military
Without strong leadership or a strong mandate from the people, the Swiss military is having trouble establishing authority.
GFX_SWI_intro
The State of Switzerland
The Swiss Confederation saw crisis in 19th century. In several cantons liberal powers prevailed, calling for more democracy and more centralism. This met the opposition of the Catholic, conservatively dominated cantons who formed the Sonderbund in 1845. The Sonderbund War erupted in 1847 which saw the liberals as victors. In 1848 a Federal Constitution was ratified, turning the loose league of cantons into a federal state with a new federal capital in Bern. The new constitution created new institutions like the Bundesrat (Federal Council), Bundesversammlung (Federal Assembly), and Bundesgericht (Federal Court).\n\n Switzerland remained neutral throughout the Weltkrieg, although there were various domestic conflicts between German and French speaking Swiss citizens. In addition, economic problems arose, completely surrounded as the country was by warring nations. The radical left gained a lot of support during that time, and in 1919 a strike in Geneva called for by the worker's movement attempted to push through major social changes. The attempt failed because of the fear of spreading of French syndicalism and its subsequent repression by Swiss government, but in its wake social reforms were begun, bringing about higher wages and shorter work days.\n\nIn 1919 the system of proportional representation was introduced. The conservative Freisinnige lost their majority while the social democrats grew stronger. Into the 1930s, domestic politics were governed in response to the conflict between social democrats and conservatives. The struggles between communities in Switzerland are now taking more political values: French-speakers are more socialist, Germans more conservative and Italians more clerical.\n\nWill the rising belligerence in Europe have consequences on the neutral Confederation?
§MPeace and Reconciliation§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose to disband the local governments in 'Syndicalist Subversion at Work in Romandie!'.\n£white_dot Accept the French claims when they send their ultimatum. After a few days, the focus \
SVV
Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband
SPdS
Syndikalistische Partei der Schweiz
SP
Sozialdemokratische Partei der Schweiz
LPS
Liberale Partei der Schweiz
FDP
Freisinnig-Demokratische Partei
KVP
Konservative Volkspartei
BGB
Bauern-, Gewerbe- und Bürgerpartei
NF
Nationale Front
DA
Die Arbeiterwache
PdA
Partei der Arbeit der Schweiz
Austrian-Swiss Ties
Respected Austrian Vorarlberg
Swiss-French Cooperation
Swiss-French Reconciliation
Failed Negotiations
Recognised the Commune
Reinstate Order in Haute-Savoie
Our military presence in Haute-Savoie is dreadfully lacking, and without military forces to bolster local law enforcement, it is only a matter of time before our grip on the region begins to slip. We must relocate troops to the region immediately!
Maintain Peace in Haute-Savoie
With a sudden increase in French activists rallying against our mandated occupation of Haute-Savoie, the Commune of France is no doubt involved, and seeking to inflame anti-Swiss sentiment in the region. It is our duty to maintain the peace in Haute-Savoie, and that peace requires a military occupation to maintain.
The Fate of Haute-Savoie
Since the collapse of the French Republic, Switzerland has maintained a military occupation of Haute-Savoie to fulfil their mandate of maintaining neutrality in the region. Now though, the Commune of France actively supports separatists in the region and there is a rising tide of unrest from those caught in the violence. The fate of Haute-Savoie must be decided.
Fortify Haute-Savoie
An uptick in French interest and activity in the region has led to an increase in Syndicalist activity there. An increase in local fortifications should increase our ability to maintain the peace and crackdown on dissent.
Crackdown on Syndicalists
A deployment of extra security forces to Haute-Savoie and around the nation can for a time stifle their influence and ability to subvert government action.
Return Haute-Savoie
The political situation has presented an opportunity for us to properly hand over the region of Haute-Savoie back to French control. Should we choose to honour our obligation is another matter entirely.
Integrate Haute-Savoie
With the crisis in Haute-Savoie over and the region still in our hands, the possibility of integrating the territory properly into our nation has arisen. Doing so would make it impossible to return the territory to French control, but is that really what the people of the region even want?
Integrate [FROM.GetName]
With [FROM.GetName] under our control there is an opportunity to fully integrate it into our nation, giving all of the rights and opportunities to the region afforded to the rest of the Swiss Cantons.
Surveying our Natural Resources
Switzerland is a land of much untapped economic potential. We have empowered the Bureau of Mining of the Federal War, Industry and Employment Office to survey and exploit the natural resources of the nation in order to jumpstart our own industrialisation and to ensure the Swiss people can withstand the trials ahead.
The New Order
With the collapse of the feeble Swiss Federal Republic and the dawn of a new order, the nation must stand united and ready to strengthen the new government and ensure that radical elements conspiring against the regime are found and dealt with.
Open Riedholf Mine
The survey of the Riedholf Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Gonzen Mine
The survey of the Gonzen Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Käpfnach Mine
The survey of the Käpfnach Mine is complete, and the coal found inside could be used in order to increase our local Steel production capabilities.
Open Piatto della Miniera Mine
The Piatto della Miniera Mine in Val Cadlimo has been discovered to contain vast quantities of Chromium. Exploitation of these deposits can be initiated quickly with government approval.
Gain Control of the State
The Schweizerischer Vaterländischer Verband has overthrown the Swiss government and declared martial law across the nation. The people are split on the legitimacy of this new military regime, and it must secure popularity if it is to survive for long.
Hold a Military Parade
With the support of the military assured, it is time we use our forces to revitalise the people's national spirit and to display our control. A military parade through the streets of the capital is sure to move popular opinion in our favour.
Purge the Military of Syndicalists
Syndicalists have shown themselves to be the enemy of Switzerland, and the French their insidious masters. It is time to review the state of the military and review the standing of our officers and other military personnel to ensure they remain loyal to the new regime.
Secure Ostschweiz
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Ostschweiz will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Secure Mittelland
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Mittelland will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Secure Ticino
An increase in patrols and military presence in the region of Ticino will assist us in purging extremist elements from the area.
Declare Martial Law
Increasing the powers and abilities of the military to fight against rebellious activity in the wake of the regime change, while initially unpopular, will assist our ability to maintain a stable nation.
Nationalise Foreign Assets
Reducing our reliance on foreign trade and supplies means we have no need for foreign investments, either. Seizing assets held by foreigners on Swiss soil will ruin our international reputation but will give our economy a strong boost.
Reclaim Romandie
After our humiliating loss of Romandie to the Commune of France, we have waited for an ideal time to strike against the occupiers of our nation's land. It is time to strike and take back the homes of our fathers!
Conquer Savoie
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Savoie. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Conquer Vorarlberg
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Vorarlberg. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Conquer Valle d'Aosta
Our nation has a true and rightful claim to the region of Valle d'Aosta. It is our time to inflame the people's hearts and rally them, it is our time to take what is rightfully ours from the traitors around us!
Foreign Policy
With the turmoil in the west resolved, at least temporarily, and our neutrality broken, it is now in the best interest of the nation to formalise our allegiances. While we do value our neutrality, formalising our alliance is the only safe path forward.
Join the Donau-Adriabund
[SWI.GetSwissJoinAUS_desc]
While the Communard threat is temporarily subdued, the support of our Austrian friends is the only thing keeping their filthy syndicalist hands out of Savoy. We must show our gratitude, and ensure our future protection by formally requesting to join the Austrian Sphere.
In our great time of need, our allies in Austria came to our aid. It is now only appropriate that we return the favour, and formally join their sphere, supporting them in their future military endeavours.
Join the Reichspakt
[SWI.GetSwissJoinGER_desc]
While the Communard threat is temporarily subdued, the support of the German Empire is the only thing keeping their filthy syndicalist hands off Savoy. We must show our gratitude, and ensure our future protection by formally joining the Reichspakt.
In our great time of need, the German Empire came to our aid. We have since become de-facto members of their sphere, and it is only appropriate that we return their favour and formally join the Reichspakt, supporting them in their future military endeavours.
Join the Third Internationale
Our French allies were a great help in the liberation of our people. To protect us from the dirty imperialists surrounding us, we must formally join their military alliance.
Unlocks §YGreater Switzerland§! Decisions
§RThis will begin a confrontation with Switzerland and could lead to war.§!
We must wait for the outcome of the Savoyard Crisis to determine our political situation.
§RThe political firestorm in Haute-Savoie must be dealt with immediately.§!
Swissair
Totalists have received popular support
Syndicalists have received popular support
The Swiss are very unlikely to accept.\n
§RThe Swiss are extremely unlikely to accept.§!\n
The Swiss are likely to accept.\n
§RThis will do little to slow Syndicalist movements inside the nation.§!
Will Unlock §YSecuring the Nation§! Decisions\n
§RThis will be necessary to secure our control of the state!§!
£manpower_icon  §H5000§! £command_power §H50§!
£manpower_icon  §R5000§! £command_power §R50§!
It costs $SWI_5000_manpower_20_cp_blocked$ to take this decision
£manpower_icon  §H1000§! £command_power §H20§!
£manpower_icon  §R1000§! £command_power §R20§!
It costs $SWI_1000_manpower_20_cp_blocked$ to take this decision
Martial Law has been declared
The Government has been secured
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Stability §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y $MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$ §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Industrial Research §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Lower Syndicalist Influence §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Land Doctrine §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Political Power §!§Cif passed.§!
§CThis will begin a referendum that will provide the nation with§!§Y Construction Research §!§Cif passed.§!
Switzerland
Swiss
Switzerland
Helvetic Commune
Helvetic
the Helvetic Commune
Helvetic Commune
Helvetic
the Helvetic Commune
Helvetic Republic
Helvetic
the Helvetic Republic
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Switzerland
the Swiss Confederation
Swiss State
the Swiss State
Jakob Herzog
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1882, in Lucerne, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJakob \
Jules Humbert-Droz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1891, in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJules Humbert-Droz was born into Francophone, Protestant family in the canton of Neuchâtel. His parents and grandparents had longstanding connections to the Swiss labour movement, so Jules was raised in a radical, working class environment that heavily influenced his future beliefs. He subsequently graduated from the University of Neuchâtel with a thesis about the contradictions and compatibilities between Socialism and Christianity, before taking up work as a pastor and writer for local left-wing newspapers. When Switzerland escalated its \
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1891, in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Robert Grimm
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1881, in Wald, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a German Protestant family, Robert Grimm grew up the son of a machine fitter and weaver, which taught him the skills to gain an apprenticeship as a printer. Familiar with industrial machinery, he excelled in the workshops of Oerlikon, the industrial sector of the city of Zurich an embarked on his 'Wanderjahre' (journeyman years) in 1905. This wide trip across Germany, France, Austria and Italy introduced him to radical Marxist ideas. Upon his return he joined the Swiss Social Democratic Party and was subsequently blacklisted due to an attempt to organise his workplace outside of Basel. Bereft of employment, Robert turned to journalism and political activism, leaving Basel-Stadt in favour of Bern, where he participated in the strikes of 1906 and 1912. By the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, Robert turned away from the failed optimism of the Second International and towards the ambitions of Bolshevism, spending time in the company of the Russian exile Vladimir Lenin. In the wake of the February Revolution, he helped to negotiate Lenin's return and unsuccessfully sought to utilise his influence among German workers to mediate a separate peace between Russia and Germany. A year later he organised the Olten Action Committee in the eponymous Solothurn town of Olten.\n\nEconomic collapse and a looming famine had necessitated the Swiss Government to decree the conscription of all civilians to aid in public works, which faced nationwide resistance. When his comrades hesitated, Robert effectively hijacked the Social Democratic Party to push for a general strike, in hopes that it would break the back of the Federal Council and establish a Swiss People's Republic. The 1918 Swiss Landesstreik/Grève du Pays (National Strike) was short and brutal, leaving several workers dead and a near military coup shaking the country, as the army intervened to crush the uprising. Robert, who has ever since then been known as the 'Father of the National Strike', faced years in prison but upon his release returned to fighting for workers rights and maintained an immense political influence. In recent years he has drifted between both the moderate and radical wings of the socialist movement, but he has never forgotten his roots and has always been ready for the day that the glorious Swiss revolution, dreamed of in 1918, can truly be made real.§!
Swiss Federal Council
§YFounded:§! §LNovember 16th, 1848, in the Erlacherhof, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Swiss Federal Council is a seven-member executive council which serves as the collective head of state for Switzerland. Each council member heads one of seven different federal departments, and the position of Federal President moves between the seven Councillors every year, with the current year's Vice President serving as the next year's President.§!
Eugen Bircher
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1882, in Aarau, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Germanophile and diehard anti-Syndicalist, Eugen Bircher is a physician by trade and invented several groundbreaking procedures dealing with arthroscopy of the knee. After the rise of Syndicalism in France Bircher largely gave up his medical work and founded the SVV, which quickly pervaded Swiss military and political circles as a counterbalance to the rising tide of Socialism in the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1882, in Aarau, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlong with Henri Guisan, Bircher occupies the highest rank of the Swiss military available during peacetime. However, unlike his equal, he spends much of his time in politics, spearheading a semi-secret far-right organisation with great influence in the Swiss government.§!
Hans Itschner
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1887, in Stäfa, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Fritz Brupbacher
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1874, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Walter Günthart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1911, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Otto Pünter
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1900, in Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Max Rotter
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1881, in Tscheitsch, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Hans Oprecht
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1894, in Muri bei Bern, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Nobs
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1886, in Seedorf, Bern, Canton, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Müller
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1893, in Unterseen, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Wetter
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1877, in Töss, Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Philipp Etter
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1891, in Menzingen, Zug, Swiss Confederation§!
Marcel Pilet-Golaz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1889, in Cossonay, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Emil Keller
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1878, in Zofingen, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Jean-Marie Musy
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1876, in Albeuve, Fribourg, Swiss Confederation§!
Markus Feldmann
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1897, in Thun, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Eduard von Steiger
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1881, in Langnau im Emmental, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Ernst Leonhardt
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1885, in Tracy City, Tennessee, United States of America§!
Robert Tobler
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1901, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Hausamann
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1897, in Appenzell, Appenzell Innerhoden, Swiss Confederation§!
Henri Guisan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1874, in Mézières, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in a French-speaking part of Switzerland, Guisan originally attended school and studied agricultural medicine. However, after entering the Swiss military in 1894, he has gradually climbed the ranks, and was promoted to Lieutenant General in 1932, the highest rank in peacetime. Guisan participates in politics less than many of his peers, and views the best path forward as neutrality by deterrence, supporting strong and elaborate defences to make conquering Switzerland a long and painful feat.§!
Ulrich Wille Jnr.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1877, in Thun, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a professional officer in the Swiss Army, Wille Jnr. first studied law, graduating with a doctorate. Then he chose to follow his father's footsteps becoming a professional officer in the infantry in 1901. In the next decades, Wille Jnr. would rise up the ranks achieving the highest rank in peace time, Lieutenant General in 1933. Like father, like son, Wille is a germanophile being particularly fascinated by Prussian Militarism and holds many personal ties with the German Elite.§!
Jules Borel
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 18th, 1884, in Couvet, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Gustave Combe
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1882, in Orbe, Vaud, Swiss Confederation§!
Hermann Flückiger
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1885, in Bargen, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Jakob Labhardt
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1881, in Steckborn, Thurgau, Swiss Confederation§!
Jean de Muralt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1877, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Jakob Huber
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1883, in Jonen, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Louis de Montmollin
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1893, in Savagnier, Neuchâtel, Swiss Confederation§!
Hans Bandi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1882, in Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Friedrich Prisi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1875, in Uebeschi, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Friedrich Rihner
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1890, in Zurich, Swiss Confederation§!
Etienne Primault
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1904, in Cormoret, Bern, Swiss Confederation§!
Werner Lindecker
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1908, in Baden, Aargau, Swiss Confederation§!
Paranoid Francophobe
