Iceland Focus Tree
Black Monday Woes
The Waves of Black Monday have crashed onto Iceland's shores. Our cod exports to Mitteleuropa have plummeted, and the rest of our small economy is no better off. The first steps must be taken to rebuild our economy and ensure this will never happen again.
Planning the Recovery
Iceland will never be able to have the traditional economies of our fellow Nordic countries. We must capitalise on Iceland's natural resources and those of the ocean around us in order to restore Iceland's prosperity.
Expand Industry
Black Monday has shown that Iceland's economy cannot remain a one trick pony. We shall start planning and investing in factories to make us less reliant on importing finished goods, and expand our exports beyond fish.
Regulate Agriculture
Iceland has an excellent climate for farming with its long days and lack of pests. Despite this our agricultural production is rather low due to the limited amount of land that is able to be worked with the rocky terrain. We must ensure the land is not used carelessly for little gain.
Exploit Natural Resources
Iceland is blessed with abundant natural resources, our ocean provides fish, our land gives us crops and animals, and our rivers can give us power for our nation. If we wish to bring prosperity to our island we must exploit these to their fullest extent.
Efficient Farming Methods
Tractors and synthetic fertilisers will be the keys to using every bit of farmland to its fullest potential. Educating farmers about these advancements and encouraging their adoption must be a top priority.
Hydroelectric Power
Hydroelectric dams will allow power our society for cheap and reduce our coal imports. We must start drawing up plans for dams across the nation that can also double as public work projects for our unemployed workers.
Expand Fishing Industry
Our fishermen are wandering further than ever to fish and wish to go beyond our territorial waters. We should look into making agreements with other countries or start ignoring others territorial waters.
Purchase New Fishing Vessels
We should assist our fishermen in acquiring new fishing boats that can fish further from our coast and catch more than ever before.
Expand Fishing Regions
We should expand our fishing waters southwards so that our fishermen can produce a greater output and thus increase their revenue. It will be worth it despite the confrontation with Britain this will likely entail.
Loaves and Fishes
Our initiatives to improve our agricultural and fishing industries has been a massive success. Food prices have dropped below pre-Black Monday levels. We can only hope this will allow prosperity to return to our nation.
End of Black Monday
While Black Monday has brought much suffering to our home, it has also brought opportunity like never before. Our economy has weathered the storm and recovered, and many paths lie before our small land of opportunity.
Promise Relief
In these times of crisis the government and the Prime Ministers should just not be locked in a back room working and planning. The Prime Minister shall take to the radio to allay the fears of the population and inspire confidence in his government.
Encourage Charitable Acts
The Government's public aid is simply just not built for a demand of this magnitude. More and more people are signing up for aid of all kinds and show no signs of slowing. Local wealthy citizens must take up part of this burden and we shall provide incentives to make sure this happens.
Food Drives
Black Monday has not just taken money out of the pockets of Icelanders, but it also has put many on the brink of starvation without the ability to buy food for their families. We shall launch food drives across Iceland to ensure that no one dies an unnecessary death at the hands of starvation.
Request a Danish Bailout
All the aid and investment we have made in the economy and our people have stretched our budget to the limit. Our only choice is to crawling back to Denmark for aid. We can only hope they take pity on us.
Subsidise the Rural Population
Most of our population lives in the countryside of Iceland, not in its cities, and it would be folly to forget that. Iceland's strength comes from its rural population and that is what must be aided to help our population the most.
Subsidise the Urban Population
The urbanisation of Iceland is in our long term best interest so we shall focus the majority of our public aid our biggest cities, namely Reykjavik where our aid can make the biggest impact.
Government Jobs
Our public aid has been effective in preventing our population from starving and going homeless, but it cannot continue forever. We must put our people back to work, and we shall create jobs in government to employ them, even if that means the workload for them will be relatively shallow.
Public Works Projects
If there isn't enough work for the people of Iceland we will create some. We shall improve our roads and infrastructure across Iceland and tie our country closer together and allow goods to travel across our island with ease.
King in Copenhagen
It is our duty to stick with Denmark through this storm. We have held a strong position with our quasi-independence granted to us in 1921. There is no need to shake off the status quo.
Social Insurance Act
This act will make it compulsory for every Icelandic subject between the ages of 16 and 67 to pay a premium into a general pension fund. Once the fund is properly established, pensions will then be doled out to those who were contributors and are now over the age of 67.
Repeal Prohibition
With foreign trade dried up in the post-Black Monday drought, some locals have taken to trying to brew their own local drinks. This flagrant law-breaking does not help our image and since we lack the ability to properly enforce our prohibition law out in the country, we should abolish the act.
Poor Law
This economic crisis has placed our people in dire straits. Many have fallen into poverty and we lack any programmes to help them. With the signing of the Poor Act, the local townships will be held responsible for supporting the people. To do this, they will need funding from us.
Travelling Schools
With our population largely spread out into rural communities, we have decided to create a system of travelling teachers who will move throughout the country teaching our future generations
Austerity Measures
Our people may not like it but we must tighten our belts to make it through this crisis. Through stricter austerity, we can do our best to make it through this with our limited resources.
Curtail Luxuries
In order to counteract this financial crisis, the importation of all luxury goods is to be strictly forbidden unless subject to a special government-issued licence.
Nordic Alignment
Without other friends in the Atlantic, we must turn towards our ancestral ties and align into the Nordic sphere.
Scandinavian Defence Union
Our fellow Nordic countries have joined together in an alliance with each other. We would do well to join them to protect ourselves.
King in Ottawa
We have slipped into the Canadian sphere and now must recognise [CAN_king_first_name] as our new king.
Invite the Canadian Engineers
Faced with a large increase in construction projects we must recruit more contractors from Canada to help complete these on time.
Canadian Garrison
With our position in the North Sea tenuous with the British vultures close by our southern coast, we ought to seek protection from Canada and request forces to help garrison us in case of an attempted attack by the Union of Britain.
Icelandic Royal Air Force
We lack any means to defend our skies. We must change this by creating the Icelandic Royal Air Force to train pilots to take to the skies and defend our island.
Winter Training Camps
The harsh climate of the Icelandic countryside is the perfect place to create winter weather training camps for Entente soldiers that come from all corners of the globe. Here they can train to better withstand the perilous conditions that can take many unprepared lives.
Canadian Civilian Construction Projects
The government of Canada has offered to help us expand our civilian works projects to provide better conditions for our people!
Attract IEDC Investments
The Entente has worked towards pooling their limited resources into a shared programme, the Imperial Economic Development Council. Petitioning them for additional investments shouldn't be difficult, considering our invaluable strategic position.
Bolster the Garrison
As more projects are completed on our island, the British are more and more likely to attempt to swoop in to attempt to seize the island from us. We must bolster our guard to prevent such an eventuality from taking place.
Loyalty to Britain
With the British victory in the cod war, we have been 'persuaded' to align with them and create a syndicalist government at their discretion.
Forming the New Cabinet
As we create the new government we must decide which party will be the leader of our new constitution.
Support the Rural Communities
The policies of the Farmer's party is to assure ample opportunities for the rural population of our nation. With our support, they can reach prosperity.
Shepards of the Isle
In order to continue our commitment to our rural population we must make communication with them easier. To that end, we will create a new system of roads across the centre of the island to connect them to the more populous southwest.
Support the Urban Community
The Syndicalist party became dominant due to the large support for them from the average worker in our factories. It is our policy to help those who help us so we shall invest in our urban workers.
The People's Industry
Our people deserve safe conditions in our factories. Even if we must lose efficiency in the short term, the improved conditions will bolster our worker's spirits!
British Engineers
Our position in the North Atlantic makes us a convenient base for the British in their efforts against the Royalists in Canada. As they hope to bolster their position, they have requested a great deal more projects than we have the capability of fulfilling. We must request additional aid in completing these on time.
British Fuel Theory
The British have approached us with an offer. They are interested in the expansion of their synthetic fuel creation programme. In exchange for letting them build a facility on our island, we will get a small share of the oil created to help industrialise our society.
Attract Phalanstère Investments
The French have created an industrial development initiative to help bolster socialist allies around the globe. Petitioning them for additional investments shouldn't be difficult, considering our invaluable strategic position.
Defence of the Isle
Despite the proximity of the Union of Britain to our island, we still are under threat of a Canadian assault to take over the island to use as a staging ground in their fight to reclaim their home isles. We must ask the British to garrison the island for us to prevent the Canadians from landing unopposed.
1937 Plebiscite
It had been decided in 1921 that a plebiscite would be held in 25 years concerning the continuation of the status-quo. However, the Danish influence meant that we ended up the western-most periphery of the German sphere and the economic hardship that is a result of that has pushed calls to expedite the plebiscite.
Independence Victory
The people have spoken, Iceland is to become a sovereign independent nation from Denmark, and will have no one to lean on in times of crisis but ourselves. Now only true Icelanders will determine our future, not our former Danish masters.
Celebrate Icelandic Independence
Iceland thousand years\nIceland thousand years!\nAn eternal (small) flower with a tear in its eye,\nthat praises its god, and then dies.
An Independent Althing
The Althing is the oldest surviving parliament in the world, and has existed in one form or another since 930, except for one hiatus in the 19th Century. The time has come for the Althing to once again to govern Iceland unshackled from foreign rule.
Turn Inwards
With the situation at home stabilising, it is time to start looking at how the island can prosper internally. Emboldened by their success in fixing the economical disaster of the past few years, many in the government are drawing up new plans for furthering our prosperity.
Seek New Markets
The Mitteleuropa market is too restrictive for a nation as isolated as Iceland. While it may work on the continent due to their proximity to each other, Iceland requires fewer restrictions and the ability to resume trade with their closer neighbours in Canada and Great Britain.
Canadian Trade
Our best option for trade lies with the British government in exile in Canada. Our original trade deals lay with the rightful British people who have been flung asunder. Perhaps we can do our small part in helping them retake the home isles.
British Trade
Proximity is the key factor in trade. Great Britain is the closest port for us to sell our goods. Let us seek to resume the trade that our two islands have shared for centuries.
A North Atlantic Trading Partnership
With our exit from the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc, we must form new trade agreements with our neighbours in the Atlantic.
Status Quo
The people have decided that it is in the best interest of Iceland to remain inside the Danish sphere of influence. While this current economic crisis has shaken the faith of many on the island, the people of Iceland are loyal to their king in Copenhagen.
Nordic Trade Relationship
We must remember our kin in Scandinavia. The original inhabitants of Iceland hailed from the Nordic countries. As we seek to secure additional trade deals we should look towards our fellow Norsemen.
Fiscal Reform
As our budget stretches thinner every day that we continue to help ease the suffering of our people, government economists have begun to call for a review of how the budget is run to see if there are any places where extra money can be found.
Reduce our Austerity Measures
As the economic crisis begins to die down, it is perhaps time to look into our current austerity budget. Is it time to slowly start loosening the belts around our waists and breathe a little easier?
Atlantic Isle
Iceland's place in the Atlantic stands on shaky legs unless the island can reform itself to weather the current storm.
Negotiate for Greenlandic Waters
The first explorer of Greenland hailed from Iceland. However weak this claim may be at this point we will stick with it and hope that Denmark will allow us to run fishing operations off of the coast of Greenland.
Reform the Althing
Our institution is the longest standing democracy in the world. This does mean that some portions are outdated or backwards and need to be altered to make sure that the island can be run efficiently.
Review the CWCS
We must make another attempt to review the Civil Work-Creation Scheme that is in place on the island. We have learned from the mistakes of '32 and will be sure to make the worker's voices heard as we lead this debate.
National Infrastructure Act
The quality of infrastructure on the island is nothing short of abysmal. Executive orders must be signed to prioritise their upgrade to the modern age.
Restructure the Banking System
No matter the decision that must be made, the current situation of banking in Iceland is in shambles. If the banks are to provide any help to the people, they must be reorganised from the bottom up.
Centralised Banking System
A strong central bank is what Iceland needs to recover from the recent economic crisis. The Althingi will give extended responsibilities to the Bank of Iceland to better care for the people.
Separate Banking Systems
Too much power centralised in one system is what brought this crisis upon us in the first place. A smaller series of banks dedicated to helping out specific groups of people is what Iceland needs to minimise unnecessary risk.
Curb Inflation
This economic disaster has brought up serious inflation with our currency. The new central bank will work diligently to stop the rising of inflation and turn this ruin into a miracle.
Fiscal Austerity
While the people may not like it, a temporary tightening of the belt may be just what the economy needs to get back on its feet.
Open the IFIB
In order to help out the fishermen of the island, a specialised bank centred solely on them must be created to help organise a response to this crisis. Members of the Icelandic Fishing Industry Board have expressed interest in helping start a bank for the fishermen to use as they get back onto their feet.
Connect the Island
Currently, we are cut off from the world at large. We must rectify this by expanding our naval and air facilities.
Expand our Ports
Our harbours are using out of date equipment and suffer from a lack of investment. By upgrading our dockyards we will be better placed to become a trading hub in the Atlantic.
Reykjavik Airport
Recent aeroplane upgrades have made travel to and from our island much more feasible. We must fund an expansion of an international airport to accommodate these demands.
Expand our Air Force
With the recent expansion of the Reykjavik Airport, many investors have wished to create an Icelandic owned aeronautical company. If we can supply the first initial planes, they promise us that their business will bring profit in the years to come.
Attract Tourism
We have a plethora of natural features that are sure to attract tourism. Let us use these formations to help the economy on our island.
Create the Reykjavik Shipping Company
The majority of our exports go out on Danish-flagged ships. It is time to create our own shipping company to ensure we get the revenues from our trade.
Purchase Ship Designs
Our current ships are obsolete and ill suited for the needs of the modern market. Let us purchase modern ship designs from our allies to rectify this.
Local Ship Construction
Now that we have purchased the designs for modern ships, we simply need the ability to start production at home. To that end, we must invest in the required industry needed to start production.
Expand our Trading Lanes
With our increased infrastructure we are now able to expand our ability to trade with further away countries. We shall reap the rewards for years to come.
Ailing Economy
The collapse of the British Empire in 1925, was devastating to the Icelandic economy. Britain, a long-standing economic partner was now under embargo from Mitteleuropa. While Icelandic fish exports would eventually find Mitteleuropean buyers, the damage had already been done and the Icelandic economy was in shambles with the loss of one of its most profitable trade partners.
Failing Economy
As Black Monday hits, the situation grows ever direr.
Danish-Icelandic Personal Union
After the Weltkrieg ended in 1919, the governments of Iceland and Denmark met to discuss the creation of the nation of Iceland. After brief negotiations, it was agreed that Iceland would be recognised as a sovereign nation held under a personal union between Denmark and Iceland. In exchange, Denmark would hold control over Icelandic foreign affairs and be responsible for the defence of Iceland if they are attacked.
Gúttóslagurinn Riot
During a city council meeting on the 9th of November 1932, the council debated pulling the plug on the City Work-Creation Scheme. News of this reached the population who arrived in droves to riot in front of the building demanding that the Scheme remains in place due to the fact that the economic recession still continued to afflict Iceland. This riot became known as Gúttóslagurinn and ensured that the CWCS remains in effect for the near future of the country.
The City Work-Creation Scheme
Devised as a way to help bolster the economy, the City Work-Creation Scheme provides government-funded civil projects to get the people back to work.
Recovering Economy
The road to recovery from Black Monday begins with this first step!
Recovering Economy
With continued reforms we might get out of this mess!
Recovering Economy
With our recent fishery expansion we are now slightly better off than we were before!
Recovering Economy
With our recent fishery expansion the end to this disaster looks to be in sight!
Healthy Economy
With the expansion of our fishing industry, our economy is healthy once more.
Booming Economy
With our independence secured and the Black Monday crisis behind us, our economy is now free to prosper!
Optimised Farms
With our improvements to farming, our population is now thriving!
Strong Althing
With our newly graced independence, our independent Althing will now carry much more power.
Danish Bailout
With our economy in shambles, Denmark has graciously decided to help support us in our time of need.
Canadian Bailout
With our economy in shambles, Canada has graciously decided to help support us in our time of need.
Government Jobs
The government will increase their available job positions to lower unemployment across the island.
Public Radio Addresses
Encouraged Charitable Acts
Food Drives
Severe Austerity Budget
Harsh Austerity Budget
Moderate Austerity Budget
Small Austerity Budget
Limited Austerity Budget
Social Insurance Act
Poor Law
Reformed Taxes
Travelling Schools
With our population largely spread out into rural communities, we have decided to create a system of travelling teachers who will move throughout the country teaching our future generations.
Winter Training Camps
Rural Communities Supported
Urban Community Supported
Foreign Fish Trade
Cod Sale Prospects
With the supply of cod rising, we are now able to expand our exports.
Icelandic Fish Trade
Emergency Fund for Iceland
Foreign Trade
People's Alliance
Alþýðubandalagið
Farmer's Party
Bændaflokkur
People's Unity Party
Sósíalistaflokkurinn
Social Democrat Party
Alþýðuflokkurinn
Independence Party
Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
Progressive Party
Framsóknarflokkurinn
Independence Party
Sjálfstæðisflokkurinn
Danish Unity
Dansk Samling
Home Rule Party
Heimastjórnarflokkurinn
Nationalist Party
Flokkur Þjóðernissinna
The Coastal Road
The roads of Iceland are a series of twisting muddy single lane trails that are a relic of the past. Steps must be taken to improve these roads to allow Iceland to reach into the modern world!
Build the Hringvegur road
Build the Borgarbraut road
Build the Vesturlandsvegur road
Build the Hvalfjaroarvegur road
Build the Miklabraut road
Build the Suourlandsvegur road
Build the Suourlandsbraut road
Build the Austurvegur road
Icelandic State Projects
Prepare Site for Industry
The area near Reykjavik is a prime candidate for an expansion of industry on our island. It just needs a little work before construction can begin.
Expand Our Industry
Laxárstöð Hydroelectric Station
The Laxárdalur Valley is a prime candidate for the construction of new hydroelectric power plants.
Laxárstöð II Hydroelectric Station
With recent advancements in hydroelectric power generation, a second station can be built to help supplement the Laxárstöð power plant.
Icelandic Fishing Regions
Expand Towards Greenland
While not quite as profitable as our southern fishing region, we can more easily sway the Danish to allow us to fish off the coast of Greenland.
Expand in the North Atlantic
This will likely draw the ire of those in Great Britain but we need the extra space to rebuild our economy.
Canadian Projects in Iceland
With the large increase in planned projects due to Iceland's alignment with the Entente, the possibility exists for Canadian engineers to help Iceland complete its deadlines in a timely fashion.
Invite Canadian Engineers
Request Canadian Industrial Assistance
Prepare Iceland for New Industry
Build a New Factory in Reykjavik
Expand the local infrastructure
Expand the Reykjavik Seaport
Reykjavik Airport Construction
Icelandic Military Projects
With our island becoming more and more threatened by possible attacks from the warring powers of the Atlantic, we must take steps to prepare the island.
Light Fortifications for Reykjavik
Medium Fortifications for Reykjavik
Light Coastal Fortifications for Reykjavik
Medium Coastal Fortifications for Reykjavik
Western Anti-Air Emplacements
Eastern Anti-Air Emplacements
Build the Keflavik Air Base
Reinforce the IRAF
Iceland Radar Station
British Construction Projects in Iceland
Iceland position in the North Atlantic makes it a convenient base for the British in their efforts against the Royalists in Canada. With the large increase in planned projects due to Iceland's alignment with the Internationale, the possibility exists for British engineers to help Iceland complete its deadlines in a timely fashion.
Retool Our Industry
We will lose out on production in the short term while we temporarily close our industries so that we can retool them to be safer for our workers in the future.
Prepare Site for New Industry
Build an Oil Refinery in Reykjavik
Small Expansion of Reykjavik Harbour
Medium Expansion of Reykjavik Port
Further Expansion of Reykjavik Port
Expand the Local Infrastructure
Resistance Activities
With the invasion of our island by the British, we find ourselves once more under the leash of a foreign power. We must organise a resistance to build up our forces for an eventual attempt to push the British out of our country!\n\nCurrent Resistance Strength :  §G[?ICE.resistance_ICE_strength]§!\n\nCurrent Resistance Popularity :  §C[?ICE.resistance_ICE_popularity]§!\n\nCurrent Occupation Strength : §R[?ICE.occupation_ENG_strength]§!
Spread Propaganda
Discretely, we shall move through the towns of this country and discretely plant messages that align with our cause to bring the people to our side.
Broadcast Propaganda
In a bolder play, we will broadcast our message to the people along the radio. There is a chance this could draw in extra forces to the island but we must have the support of the people!
Request Canadian Support
On our own we have no ability to defend our island against the British. We must send a message to the government of Canada requesting a specialised force to help our people stand up against the British.
Raid Enemy Weapons
It is difficult to find weapons on Iceland. The nation has long stood without any serious threats to its safety which has led to a lack of weapons across the island. Almost all of them are in the hands of the British. It will be risky but we must organise a raid on one of their weaker guardposts to get weapons for the resistance.
Scout the Enemy
With what limited resources we have, proper intelligence is paramount to a successful operation. By properly scouting the enemy we will be better prepared in any operations we run against them.
Sabotage the Enemy
This will be risky but we need to wear down the will of the British to retain hold of the island. Experts will plant explosives to maximise the damage on what we cannot carry out on our own. However, this will not endear the people to our cause.
Plant a Mine
Mines are unpredictable weapons even in the best of times, but we must fight back in any way that we can. Our spies have managed to smuggle a mine back to a resistance outpost on Iceland. We would be well advised to use caution with this beast and be sure that our plan of attack is thoroughly scouted before we lay our trap lest we accidentally hit a civilian vessel.
Declare for Canada!
Our people have suffered too long under the oppression of the syndicalists from the Union of Britain! It is time to finally drive them out and invite the Canadians in their place as protector of the isle.
Iceland on the International Scene
Airport Expansion
Seaport Expansion
[FROM.GetAdjective] Trade
Icelandic Banking
Curb Inflation
Fiscal Austerity
Encourage Exports
Loans for Fishermen
Subsidies for Fishermen
Althingi
Rally Support
Reconcile the Guttoslagurinn Protests
Alleviate Unemployment
Encourage Education
Expand Infrastructure
Unemployment Crisis
Unemployment Sweeps the Nation
Formed the North Atlantic Trade Organisation
Iceland has a healthy economy.
The Plebiscite of 1937 has been held.
The Independence Vote Won!
The Status Quo Vote Won!
Iceland has remained neutral in the Cod War.
Already working on a road construction project
We are ready to start industrialising
Supported the Rural Population
Supported the Urban Population
Opted for a Balanced Approach
Has started fishing operations off the coast of Greenland
Denmark has allowed us to fish off the coast of Greenland
$unlocks_decisions$ to start expanding the §CIndustry§! on the Island
$unlocks_decisions$ to build §CHydroelectric Power Plants§! on the Island
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecision§! to expand our §CFishing Industry§! to rid us of §RBlack Monday§!
We will send diplomats to the other §CNordic countries§! to bolster our relations with them
We will look to secure trade with §CCanada§!
We will look to secure trade with the §CUnion of Britain§!
This will unlock §Yfocuses§! to improve §CIceland§!!
This will create §Glarge scale jobs§! for those who are §Runemployed§! in our country!
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with construction projects across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with civilian §Gconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with military §Cconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ to help out our §Crural population§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to help out our §Curban population§!
$unlocks_decisions$ dealing with various §Gconstruction projects§! across the island
$unlocks_decisions$ to work with the Union of Britain on building an §Coil refinery§! on Iceland
Back down from the cod trade
Give the Icelanders a better deal
$unlocks_decisions$ to deal with the §CCivil Work Creation Scheme§!
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§! to bring stability back to our §Gcurrency§!
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecisions§! to §Rtighten§! the belt
$unlocks_decisions$ to focus on our §CFishing Industry§!
$unlocks_decisions$ relating to the §Cinternal policies§! of Iceland\n
Request the rights to §Gcatch fish§! off the coast of §CGreenland§! from §CDenmark§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to deal with upgrading the ports of Iceland
Purchased Naval Designs
§GResistance Strength§! decreases by $RIGHT|R0$.
§GResistance Strength§! increases by $RIGHT|G0$.
§CResistance Popularity§! decreases by $RIGHT|R0$.\n
§CResistance Popularity§! increases by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§ROccupation Strength§! decreases by $RIGHT|G0$.\n
§GResistance Strength§! is greater than §Y15§!\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y20§!
§GResistance Strength§! is greater than §Y35§!\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y40§!
\n§CResistance Popularity§! is greater than §Y85§!\n§ROccupation Strength§! is less than §Y15§!
§GSuccessful Attack§!
§RFailed Attack§!
§RMine hits a civilian vessel§!
§GMine hits a British ship§!
§CMine is a dud§!
This will make any other subsequent operations §Cmore likely to succeed§!.
Starting in 1874, Iceland had its first taste of independence when Denmark granted the colony home rule. When the guns fell silent after the Weltkrieg, Iceland joined the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc which brought a period of prosperity to the island. However, this economic prosperity would not last forever. The British Revolution of 1925 shattered the miracle that post-Weltkrieg Iceland was experiencing. The last decade has seen Iceland floundering as its economy never fully recovered from the loss of Great Britain. Many politicians are now bringing forward further plans to revitalise the island.
GFX_ICE_intro
Iceland in 1922
Starting in 1874, Iceland had its first taste of independence when Denmark granted the colony the right to home rule and a constitution. As a part of Denmark, Iceland remained neutral throughout the Weltkrieg. After the conclusion of the Weltkrieg, Iceland joined the Mitteleuropa Economic Bloc alongside its master Denmark.\n\nThis brought a period of prosperity to the island nation as Iceland could now tap into two markets for its main export: fish. The British market continued its lucrative fish imports from Iceland due to the distance between the two islands. Meanwhile, the entry of Icelandic Cod into the European Market became a source of smaller additional funds to help boost Iceland's economy.
Iceland in 1925
However, this economic prosperity would not last forever. The British Revolution of 1925 shattered the miracle that post-Weltkrieg Iceland was experiencing. As the royalists fled to various corners of the Empire, the British-Icelandic trade route instantly ran dry. The only close remainders of the cod trade were the royalists who fled to Canada but they had more pressing economic issues than resuming Icelandic trade.\n\nThus, Iceland was left wallowing in the wake of the British Revolution which saw the country's exports to Britain dry completely. The Mitteleuropean market has helped Icelandic fishermen somewhat, but the economy has been slow to adjust.
Iceland in 1932
To help put a stopgap on the massive unemployment that started to rise in the country, the Althing created the City Work-Creation Scheme to put the people to work on manual labour construction projects. This worked for some time but eventually became a divisive topic between the parties in the government.\n\nDuring a city council meeting on the 9th of November 1932, the council debated pulling the plug on the project. News of this reached the population who arrived in droves to riot in front of the building demanding that the Scheme remains in place due to the fact that the economic recession still continued to afflict Iceland. This riot became known as Gúttóslagurinn and ensured that the CWCS remains in effect for the near future of the country.
Iceland in 1936
While the past decade has been a disaster for the people of Iceland, there still remains a hope for a brighter future over the horizon. Prospective government officials have started crafting plans for large scale public works projects to provide jobs, kick-starting a tourism industry, or even looking into tapping into the geothermal and hydroelectric resources that our island provides us with. Perhaps with a little assistance from Denmark, we can make these dreams come true!
§MPlebiscite in the North Atlantic§!\n §MSocial Democrats§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n £white_dot Choose to remain in the Danish sphere in the 1937 plebiscite.\n\n§MIndependence Party§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n £white_dot Choose to be independent in the 1937 plebiscite.\n\n\n§MOutcome of the Cod War§!\nThe following paths will require us to be independent and choose the matching game rule!\n£white_dot We will need to complete the decision \
Atlantic Trade Agreements
Nordic Solidarity
Expanded Into Our Waters
Iceland
Icelandic
Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Union of Iceland
the Union of Iceland
Brynjólfur Bjarnason
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1898, in Hæli, Árnessýsla, Iceland§!
Hannibal Valdimarsson
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1903, in Fremri-Arnardalur, Ísafjörður, Iceland§!
Jón Baldvinsson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1882, in Strandseljar, Norður-Ísafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!
Stefan Johann Stefansson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1894, in Dagverðareyri, Eyjafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEconomic decline brought on by the collapse of the British Empire propelled Stefán Jóhann Stefánsson to the forefront of Icelandic politics. He has grand designs for the Icelandic economy that will require strict financial discipline and deep reform. To accomplish this goal, he aggressively seeks partners abroad and hesitates to sever existing ties.§!
Ásgeir Ásgeirsson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1894, in Kóranesi á Mýrum, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Ólafur Thors
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1892, in Borgarnes, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Sveinn Björnsson
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1881, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Thor Thors
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1903, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Agnar Kofoed-Hansen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1915, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Niels Juel-Brockdorff
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1878, in Hollufgård, Odense County, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Søren Arendrup
§YBorn:§! §Lin Iceland§!
Finnur Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1858, in Akureyri, Iceland§!
Bjarni Asgeirsson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1891, in Kóranesi á Mýrum, Mýrasyslá, Iceland§!
Emil Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1902, in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland§!
Bjarni Benediktsson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1908, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Sigurdur Hlidar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1885, in Hafnarfjörður, Iceland§!
Bergur Jonsson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1898, in Reykjavík, Iceland§!
Finlay Crerar
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1904, in Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire, Scotland§!
Hermann Jonasson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1896, in Skagafjörður, Skagafjarðarsýsla, Iceland§!
Ib Riis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1915, in Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!
The Althing
§YFounded:§! §L930, in Þingvellir, Árnessýsla, Iceland§!
-
-
-
-
al Duwaish
al Duwaish
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
al Dawish
Ibn Bijad
Ibn Hithlain
Ibn Nuhair
Ikhwan
Ikhwan
the Ikhwan
al-Hasa
Arabian
al-Hasa
Summan
Arabian
Summan
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Hithlaini Arabia
Najd
Arabian
Najd
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Duwaishi Arabia
Buraida
Arabian
Buraida
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Bijadi Arabia
Ha'il
Arabian
Ha'il
Arabia
Arabian
Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Nuhairi Arabia
Ikhwan Revolt
Faisal al-Duwaish
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in the Emirate of Jabal Shammar§!
Zaidan ibn Hithlain
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Sultan ibn Humaid ibn Bijad
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in the Emirate of Najd§!
Nidā ibn Nuhair
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Emirate of Jabal Shammar§!
