Atomic Bombing of [From.From.GetName]
For the first and hopefully last time in history, a nuclear bomb has been detonated in [From.From.GetName] as part of international warfare. The unprecedented destruction stands as a testament to the devastating power of this new weapon, which is feared not only for what it can do to its targets, but what implications it has for the one who deploys it and for humanity itself.\n\nThe world holds its breath waiting for what will come next. Will this force [From.From.Owner.GetName] to surrender to avoid further terror, or will it only strengthen their resolve to strike back against those who would resort to such measures?
The Atomic Era has truly begun.
We will do whatever is necessary to protect the [Root.GetAdjective] people.
Atomic Bombing of Hiroshima
'The streets were like a scene from hell.'\n- Aikawa Kuniyoshi\n\nToday, a nuclear bomb was detonated over the city of Hiroshima at an altitude of 580 metres. More than two thirds of the city were instantly destroyed. Despite the city being built to withstand earthquakes, only a few sturdy structures survived the blast.\n\nWhile the power of the atomic bomb has been played up in the public mind, the human cost of the weapon has been played down. Neither side wants to contemplate the horror of the event, but its legacy will be one of lives lost in the blink of an eye and lasting fallout.
How many more will fall before this war ends?
We must act quickly to aid the victims.
Atomic Bombing of Nagasaki
A nuclear bomb was detonated today over the city of Nagasaki.\n\nThe effects of the bomb were contained somewhat by the city's location in a valley, but the damage is still severe. Some military installations were struck, but the catastrophic civilian losses overshadow them by far. It may take decades before we know the long-term effects of this weapon with certainty.
Will this lead to [From.From.Owner.GetAdjective] surrender?
We had hoped Nagasaki would be spared.
Atomic Bombing of Berlin
Today, at [GetDateText], the German Imperial capital of Berlin was struck by a nuclear explosion. The city has suffered several attacks, in this war and the last, but all else pale in comparison to this. Not since the Thirty Years' War has Berlin seen comparable devastation - considering its growth, this was seen as an impossibility.\n\nThe Berliner Stadtschloss appears to have survived the blast at least partially due to the bomb detonating away from its planned epicentre, and Kaiser [From.From.Owner.GetLeader] is rumoured to still be alive, if outraged. How [From.From.Owner.GetAdjective] leaders should be evacuated and if they can be protected from the fallout is another matter, however.
Today, I am relieved not to be a Berliner.
Our enemies have struck at the heart of the nation!
Atomic Bombing of London
A nuclear explosion has devastated the city of London today. Despite the city's anti-air defences, [From.From.Owner.GetName] was not prepared for this attack. At [GetDateText], Big Ben chimed for the last time, having been melted by the blast. Early reports suggest the TUC has been completely levelled and the whereabouts of the government are currently unknown.\n\n[From.From.Owner.GetLeader] has nevertheless been confirmed to have survived and is preparing a rousing speech for the radio later today. With morale at an all-time low, the British people is in dire need of this - or a very eloquent surrender.
A nuclear explosion has devastated the city of London today. Despite the city's anti-air defences, [From.From.Owner.GetName] was not prepared for this attack. At [GetDateText], Big Ben chimed for the last time, having been melted by the blast. Early reports suggest Buckingham Palace has been completely levelled and the whereabouts of the royal family are currently unknown.\n\n[From.From.Owner.GetLeader] has nevertheless been confirmed to have survived and is preparing a rousing speech for the radio later today. With morale at an all-time low, the British people is in dire need of this - or a very eloquent surrender.
Let's out the Scarlet Phantom once and for all in the face of a nuclear blast wave.
We shall arise from the ashes again!
It's difficult to maintain a stiff upper lip in the face of a nuclear blast wave.
God save the King!
Atomic Bombing of Kyoto
The city of Kyoto, a prominent [From.From.Owner.GetAdjective] industrial centre, was struck today by a nuclear bomb. It is speculated that the city was chosen as a target because it has been regarded as an intellectual centre.\n\nThe beauty and historical significance of the Kyoto led many to assume it would be spared from the bomb, but it appears the terror of raining destruction on such a place has rather been seen as a benefit, increasing the psychological impact of the attack. The city's location in the valley somewhat limited the blast, but the old Imperial Palace and many industrial buildings have been completely destroyed.
Legacy and beauty mean nothing in a war like this.
If they destroy the old, we will build the new.
Atomic Bombing of Tokyo
Today, a nuclear strike was directed at the heart of Japan. The capital of Tokyo, although expected to be the target of fire bombing, was never assumed to be a prioritised target of this new weapon. Yet ultimately, perhaps due to the significance of the new capital and Imperial Palace which has now been destroyed, an even more all-consuming fire has fallen on the city.\n\nAlthough [From.From.Owner.GetLeader] is reported to have survived, the event has raised questions about how far Japan's enemies are willing to go. If the war does not end with this, what targets remain? What is left to threaten with?
Does this mean the end of Japan?
As long as [From.From.Owner.GetLeader] lives, so does the Nation.
Atomic Bombing of Washington D.C.
A nuclear bomb was detonated today over the capital of the United States. In an attack clearly directed at the political centre and historical legacy of the US, the White House, the Capitol and a number of monuments and memorials were wiped off the face of the Earth. Even the Burning of Washington over a century ago pales in comparison to the destruction visited upon the city by this devastating weapon.\n\nAlthough President [From.From.Owner.GetLeader] has been brought to safety, the nation has been shaken to its core. No doubt, the US hoped to be the first and only country to wield such a weapon. Those hopes have now been shattered in the worst possible way.
One nation, indivisible, versus one atom, divisible.
The eagle will rise from the ashes like a phoenix.
Atomic Bombing of Rome
A nuclear explosion struck the city of Rome today, shocking people around the world. Due to its historical and artistic treasures, many had never thought the ancient city would be the target of such indiscriminate destruction. With the Apostolic Palace also partially destroyed the Pope alive, but in a bad state, the event has horrified not only Italians, but Catholics around the world.\n\nRome's rapid growth in the past decade has been nearly completely undone by the attack. For a while, it looked like the city could aid the nation's recovery after the war was over. Those hopes have now been turned to dust, along with many people.
Bomba Iacta Est!
Rome won't be rebuilt in one day...
Atomic Bombing of Paris
Today, a nuclear device was detonated over the city of Paris, causing widespread destruction and countless casualties. France was in shock as its capital suffered what may be the most devastating attack it ever experienced, despite centuries of wars and revolutions. The Parisians had perhaps expected conquest, but not utter, brutal desolation.\n\nAny victory parades at Champs-Élysées past the remains of the Arc de Triomphe seem unlikely in the city's current state. Perhaps the coming decades will see the birth of a new Paris, but Paris in the public mind, the city built in the Belle Époque, is gone forever.
The city of light has burned out.
Only yesterday, it seemed like we'd always have Paris.
Atomic Bombing of Moscow
A city many have tried and failed to conquer, Moscow was the target of a nuclear attack today. The explosion was directed at the historical heart of the city, the Kremlin having been nearly completely destroyed by the blast.\n\n[From.From.Owner.GetLeader], having grown more aware and fearful of all possible and impossible threats recently, evacuated in time and survived. However, even the vastness of [From.From.Owner.GetName] may not be enough to escape such a ruthless enemy. Indeed, if this continues, the nation will soon consist only of two kinds of wastelands: Those which were there in the first place, and those created by its enemies.
Won't a nuclear winter only make Moscow a more difficult target?
They may burn every city we have, but they will never take them.
Atomic Bombing of Copenhagen
Today, the city of Copenhagen was struck by a nuclear explosion. Having grown after escaping destruction in the Weltkrieg thanks to Denmark's neutrality, the capital has never experienced an attack close to this devastating since the Napoleonic Wars. The surrounding area of Öresund has also seen significant fallout and survivors have begun escaping to Fyn and the mainland in fear of further attacks.\n\nKing Christian X's whereabouts are currently unknown, and the nation's morale has been severely damaged by the attack. It remains to be seen if this is the beginning of the end for one of Europe's oldest nations.
Something is irradiated in the state of Denmark.
The city has burned before, but not perished.
Atomic Bombing of Stockholm
The beautiful city of Stockholm, proud Venice of the North, was struck by a nuclear bomb today. Despite their best efforts to stay neutral in the past, the Swedes have now paid the ultimate price for international conflict. The epicentre of the blast was in the middle of south central Stockholm, an area intended for future development and grand construction projects, now irreversibly destroyed.\n\nMuch of the city is beyond recognition, but the old structures at Slussen seem to have survived the blast better than expected. It has been decided that it should stand untouched forever as a monument to the city's resilience.
With this, Swedish neutrality will be but a memory.
The Swedish tiger will not lose its stripes!
Atomic Bombing of Bangkok
The beautiful city of Bangkok, proud Venice of the East, was struck by a nuclear bomb today at [GetDateText]. The epicentre is believed to be near the Grand Palace, destroying centuries worth of cultural artefacts including the Emerald Buddha.\n\n[From.From.Owner.GetLeader] has nevertheless been confirmed to have survived and is preparing a rousing speech for the radio later today. Much of the city is beyond recognition with the old city completely levelled to the ground, but the Golden Pagoda seem to have survived the blast better than expected. It has been decided that it should stand untouched forever as a monument to the city's resilience.
Does this mean the end of the [SIA.GetAdjective] independence?
The [SIA.GetAdjective] shall forever be free! We'll not surrender to foreign imperialist!
Atomic Bomb Over Semipalatinsk
The Russians have successfully detonated an atomic bomb in their test site of Semipalatinsk. Photographs of the mushroom cloud over the Kazakh Steppe are spreading like a wildfire as a proof of Russian technological marvel. The detonation left a glassed, irradiated crater 1.5 meters deep, and the shock wave still caused infrequent damages thousand miles from the epicentre.\n\nIn a formal address, [RUS_leader] [?global.russia.GetLeader] announced to the world that Russia now possess atomic weapons, and capability to produce more of them. With the most powerful weapon in human history in Russian hands, one can only hope they will wield it responsibly.
A terrifying power.
