New England Focus Tree
TUEL
Trade Union Educational League\n§LThe latest and longest lasting of several Syndicalist labour organisations founded by William Z. Foster, the Trade Union Educational League was founded in 1920 from the remnants of Foster’s Syndicalist League of North America and International Trade Union Educational League. Opposed to the Socialist Party’s policies of electoral participation and the IWW’s strategy of dual unionism, the TUEL instead maintains an anti-political ultra-syndicalist approach of \
Socialists (Ind. Unionists)
Socialist Party of America - Industrial Unionist Faction\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Socialists (Progressives)
Socialist Party of America - Progressive Caucus\n§LFounded in 1901, the Socialist Party of America quickly gained traction as the premier socialist political force in the United States. First drawing support from workers, farmers, immigrants, and social reformers, among others, it was soon faced with crisis, as the revolutionary wave of the late 1910s sparked a large factional struggle within the party, between the moderate \
Farmer-Labor
Farmer-Labor Party\n§LWith the collapse of the old Farmer-Labor Party and the abrupt exit of the SPA from legal politics, remaining loyalist Farmer-Labor politicians sought to reorganise their political party without the interference of the Socialists. Already marginal in New England, the Farmer-Labor Party was dealt a crippling blow by the onset of the Civil War and occupation, and as such has become even more of a non-factor in New England politics than it was previously.§!\n
Democrats (Lib.)
Democratic Party - Liberal Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nIn New England, the liberal wing of the Democrats has been the predominant strain in the party since the revival of its fortunes in the 20th century. It is generally supported by urban \
Republicans
Republican Party\n§LFounded in 1854 as a broad tent party opposed to the Slave Power, the Republican Party has generally been regarded as the United States’ \
Democrats (Con.)
Democratic Party - Conservative Faction\n§LThe oldest continually active political party in the world, the Democratic Party was founded over 100 years ago in 1828 by Andrew Jackson and Martin van Buren. Originally an agrarian populist party upholding Jeffersonian principles, it transformed first into a (generally) pro-slavery party, then into agrarian and southern opposition to the Republicans, and then into a western, southern, and increasingly urban party with liberal inclinations.\n\nThe conservative wing of the Democrats, usually associated with the south, has been dominant in that region since the end of reconstruction. It is the natural ruling party in most of the south, with nomination tantamount to election. Divided between agrarian reactionaries and more reform-minded moderate conservatives, they are generally opposed to Civil Rights reform and cartelisation of the economy, supporting smaller businesses and landowners.§!\n
Union (Reactionaries)
Union Party - Reactionary Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nThough traditionally Long’s base of support has been in the midwestern farm states, reactionary and populist southern Democratic leaders such as Eugene Talmadge and Theodore Bilbo have rallied behind Long out of their opposition to Smith. These southern Democrats are united primarily by their belief in white supremacy and disdain for Smith’s particular brand of liberalism. Their unity behind Long however is clearly conditional, and unlikely to last if push comes to shove.§!\n
$USA_paternal_autocrat_party_postwar$
$USA_paternal_autocrat_party_postwar_long$
Union (Populists)
Union Party - Populist Faction\n§LThe newest major party in US politics, the Union Party was recently formed primarily as a vehicle for Huey Long’s bid for the Presidency, when it became clear he would not be able to attain the Democratic nomination. A broad-tent alliance comprising Democrats, reactionaries, and anti-syndicalist Progressives, they are united by little more than their shared opposition to the Smith Administration, and at least a temporary unity behind Long as their leader.\n\nLong’s primary personal base of support has, for most of his career in national politics, been in the western farm states, where his progressive but decentralist economic ideas hold sway. Long has aligned himself with western senators such as Burton Wheeler, who have come out to support his \
New England
New Englander
New England
Provisional President
   §YProvisional President§!\n     - Daily Political Power Gain: §G+0.05§!\n     - Training Time §G-20.00%§!\n     - Daily Command Power Gain Multiplier §G+25%§!
Foreign Aid Proponent
Outspoken Isolationist
Great Naturaliser
Friend of Labour
Committed Diplomat
Strikebreaker
Compromise Candidate
Social Security Proponent
Small Government Conservative
Defender of the Common Folk
Incorruptible Gangbuster
Underground Railroad
While the rest of America fell into the darkness of the Second American Civil War, the people of New England were spared that same horror through the timely intervention of the Canadian armed forces. However, the Canadians were not able to save everyone in America who wished to avoid being drawn up into a war that they did not believe in. Many family members have become cut off from their loved ones and are trapped behind enemy lines.\n\nDespite the dangers, many attempt to travel vast distances to reach the safety of §G[NEE.GetNameWithFlag]§!, an island of peace in the swirling ocean of chaos that is the civil war. If we were to organise and coordinate with stay-behind groups across the United States, perhaps we could see more people (and weapons) find their way to us!\n§P-----------------------------------§!\nOnce the focus §YExpand the Underground Railroad§! is completed, we will be able to extend the Underground Railroad network from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico!
Shows the important stops on the Underground Railroad
Route has been discovered by the authorities
A new §YSafehouse§! will be opened
Freedom!
[FROM.GetName] Safehouse
Organise a New Safehouse in [FROM.GetName]
Scout Alternate Routes through [FROM.GetName]
Tighten Security in [FROM.GetName]
Lake Line: §CMinnesota - Michigan§!
Lake Line: §CMichigan - Ohio§!
Lake Line: §COhio - Albany§!
The §YUnderground Railroad§! will transport §Y50§! £rifle_texticon and §Y120§! £GFX_population_texticon  per connected smuggling post not discovered on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§!:\n£rifle_texticon in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE.LL_gun_route]\n£GFX_population_texticon  in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE_LL_people_army]\n\n
Adds £rifle_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YLake Line§!.
Adds £GFX_population_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YLake Line§!.
Central Line: §GMississippi - Kentucky§!
Central Line: §GKentucky - Ohio§!
Central Line: §GOhio - Albany§!
The §YUnderground Railroad§! will transport §Y30§! £rifle_texticon and §Y110§! £GFX_population_texticon  per connected smuggling post not discovered on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§!:\n£rifle_texticon in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE.CL_gun_route]\n£GFX_population_texticon  in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE_CL_people_army]\n\n
Adds £rifle_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YCentral Line§!.
Adds £GFX_population_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YCentral Line§!.
Eastern Line: §OSouth Carolina - Virginia§!
Eastern Line: §OVirginia - New Jersey§!
Eastern Line: §ONew Jersey - Albany§!
The §YUnderground Railroad§! will transport §Y40§! £rifle_texticon and §Y90§! £GFX_population_texticon  per connected smuggling post not discovered on this route.\n§YTotal Amount§!:\n£rifle_texticon in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE.EL_gun_route]\n£GFX_population_texticon  in this §YGroup§!: [?NEE_EL_people_army]\n\n
Adds £rifle_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YEastern Line§!.
Adds £GFX_population_texticon  $RIGHT|Y0$ to the §YEastern Line§!.
Arsenal of Democracy
The collapse of the United States into civil war certainly thrust the idea of American democracy into a state of uncertainty. With our industrial sectors operating at full capacity and our armament output greater than ever before; it is our duty to the democratic nations of the world that our economy can and will be - the Arsenal of Democracy. In war and in peace, we will apply ourselves with the same urgency, patriotism, and self-sacrifice in our commitment to the freedom of the world's nations.
Special Forces of the Republic
Inserted deep behind enemy lines, the special forces of New England hold much in common with their colonial Ranger ancestors from the American Revolution. Forged from the harshest of training conditions and given the most physically demanding training regime, the special forces can strike the enemy where he least expects it, cutting off his communication and are capable of conducting light and unconventional warfare. As a result, selection for the special forces is highly selective to secure only the finest that New England offers.
Mid-Ocean Escort Force
As proven by the experiences of the British in the First Weltkrieg, submarine warfare can be detrimental towards the desperate needs of trade and supply convoys in times of war. In order to increase the effectiveness of our convoy escorts, we will create and organise new compositions of our destroyers - fitting them as well with new technology such as radar and modern anti-submarine weapons.
Coordinated Naval Bombardment
With the availability of portable radios and sophisticated relay networks, forward observers are now able to transmit targeting information and provide almost instantaneous accurate reports to the battleships off the shore. In addition, observer aircraft are also able to provide warships with accurate information in preparation for amphibious landings.
New England Marines
Inspired by the Canadian commandoes and marines, the Marines of New England are organised in innovative light infantry fire teams of three and are well-versed in amphibious invasions and asymmetrical warfare. The true successors to the Continental Marines of the American Revolution, the Marines of New England are given egalitarian and ethical indoctrination in their training to mould the perfect Marine rifleman. As a salute to their great heritage from the Halls of Montezuma to the shores of Tripoli, the New England Marines are some of New England's most elite regiments - always present and always faithful.
Reluctant Populace
Strongly opposed to intervention or alignment with the factions in the fallout of the national crisis, throughout the Provisional Government - men and women are reluctant to go to arms. Declaring neutrality in the fallout of the national crisis in the spring of 1937, the people of New England remain committed to averting the bloodletting that has thrown the nation into chaos. Unless the situation changes and the people of New England's patriotic fever is aroused, the government will not bring its people into the great war.
Great Depression
Unlike the rest of the nation that shifted into war-time mobilisation, the economy of New England remained bitterly stagnant as a result of the Great Depression. Throughout the Provisional Government, lines of unemployed men continue to fill the streets, and thousands of New Englanders find themselves either bankrupt or homeless from the continued economic crisis. While the people of New England trust their government to undertake significant economic reform, until that is done, the Provisional Government's economy will only continue to languish in bitter agony.
National Interstate and Defense Highways Act
In the latest sweeping bill signed by President [NEE.GetLeader], the National Interstate and Defense Highway Act aims to improve and modernise our government infrastructure to be the greatest in the world. With an authorisation of nearly $25 billion to construct 41,000 miles of interstate highway, our ambitious work project will aim to connect the American nation greater than ever before.
Canadian Backing
With the recent outbreak of war on the American continent and our relatively minuscule presence, our chances of restoring true American democracy appear rather bleak. The Canadian government, determined to restore order and prevent the success of a radical American government - has announced its decision to supply the Provisional Government with arms and industrial aid to prepare New England for the liberation of the former United States. Nonetheless, the people of the American Northwest remain wary as there are certainly those who do not think New England is ready to weather the storm ahead.
Special Forces Focus
$MODIFIER_WEEKLY_MANPOWER$: §G+1000§!\n$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: §G+10.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_ARMY_UNIT_FACTOR$: §G+20.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_EXPERIENCE_LOSS_FACTOR$: §G-20.0%§!
Selective Training Act
$MODIFIER_WEEKLY_MANPOWER$: §G+750§!\n$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: §G+5.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_XP_GAIN_ARMY_UNIT_FACTOR$: §G+10.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_EXPERIENCE_LOSS_FACTOR$: §G-10.0%§!
Limited Recognition
The Provisional Government was formed in the early months of the Second American Civil War when the northeastern states of the former United States petitioned the Canadian government for official intervention. While the Canadian government was successful in securing the borders of New England from falling into the hands of the belligerent factions, the Provisional Government finds itself hardly recognised by the international community, and few are convinced that the Provisional Government is indeed the last bastion of American democracy.
$unlocks_decisions$ to expand the §CLiberty Ship Program§!
Unlocks §YInfiltrate, Improvise, Sabotage§! resistance actions in states controlled by our enemies in the second American civil war
§YRefugees§! and §YResources§! will be smuggled across the border into §Y[NEE.GetNameWithFlag]§!
$unlocks_decisions$ to sway §YPublic Opinion§! on the Home Front\n
Decreases our §YLegitimacy§! by $RIGHT|R0$\n
Increases our §YLegitimacy§! by $RIGHT|G0$\n
The §YEfficiency§! of our §Y[WCA.GetNameWithFlag]§! smuggling operations has increased by §G10%§!\n\n
The §YEfficiency§! of our §Y[WCA.GetNameWithFlag]§! smuggling operations has decreased by §R30%§!\n\n
No further smuggling operations will be organised on Lake Erie. Refugees and their resources however will continue trickling down the Railroad
Have claimed the mantle of democratic America
decided to back no one at the onset of the second American civil war.
The event allows for choosing between:\n1. §HSpringfield Armory§!:\n   §HInfantry Equipment§!\n      Reliability: §G+15%§!\n      $STAT_COMMON_BUILD_COST_IC$[?-0.10|-=%]\n2. §HWinchester Repeating Arms§!:\n   §HInfantry Equipment§!\n      Soft attack: §G+10%§!\n      Defence: §G+5%§!
our Ambassador in Ottawa
Our Ambassador in Ottawa
Legitimacy greater than $RIGHT|Y0$
§CWhen at war with §Y[395.Owner.GetName]§!§!:
America is united
§MForeign Policy§!\n §MThe Old Order§!\n£white_dot Win the civil war and complete the focus §Y$NEE_End_Reconstruction$§! while being in the Entente.\n£white_dot We will aid the Entente to reclaim their mainlands and eventually take leadership of the alliance.\n\nThe following two options will require us to leave the Entente. For this to happen, we will need to have Canada reject our petition for home rule from the focus §Y$NEE_Second_Declaration_of_Independence$§!, the following will increase our odds of this happening:\n\n£white_dot Having a smaller army than them.\n£white_dot Having low Legitimacy.\n£white_dot Having Canada choose to support other American faction over us.\n£white_dot Canada being ruled by either the §a$CAN_authoritarian_democrat_party$§! or the §P$CAN_paternal_autocrat_party$§!.\n\n This will unlocked a decision to declare independence from Canada and leave the Entente.\n\n§MAmerica back on the Global Stage§!\n£white_dot Choose to focus on the western hemisphere after completing the focus §Y$NEE_End_Reconstruction$§!.\n£white_dot We will create our own faction and revive the Monroe Doctrine, influencing nations towards democracy.\n\n§MTurn to the Pacific§!\n£white_dot Choose to focus on the eastern hemisphere after completing the focus §Y$NEE_End_Reconstruction$§!.\n£white_dot We will expand our influence in Asiatic nations.\n\n§CNote§!: If we won with help form the American Constitutional Coalition, one of the two will be chosen depending on who has greater legitimacy. The following will affect the calculations:\n\n£white_dot If the Borah, Landon or Olson were elected in the 1936 elections.\n£white_dot The current amount of Legitimacy of New England.\n£white_dot Owning any of the following: Maryland, New Orleans, Illinois, Missouri and Colorado.\n£white_dot Our army size.\n\nIf the ACC has higher legitimacy than us, we will switch to their ideology, have their current president and unlock the §MTurn to the Pacific§! option.\nIf we have higher legitimacy, we will unlock the §MAmerica back on the Global Stage§! option.\n\n§MElections Guide§!\n§MNew England Elections§!\n\n§M1937 Provincial Elections§!\n£white_dot §mRepublicans§!: Lewis O.Barrow will win the elections.\n£white_dot §mRepublicans§! (Compromise Option): Joseph William Martin Jr. will be elected as a compromise candidate.\n£white_dot §lDemocrats§!: David I. Walsh will win the elections.\n\n§M1940 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Barrows will pit him against Charles Hurley of the §lDemocrats§!.\n£white_dot Having Joseph Martin will pit Charles Hurley of the §lDemocrats§! against John Winant of the §mRepublicans§!.\n£white_dot Having Walsh will pit him against John Winant of the §mRepublicans§!.\n\n§M1944 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Hurley will pit him against Raymond Baldwin of the §mRepublicans§!.\n£white_dot Having Barrows, Winant or Walsh will pit Raymond Baldwin of the §mRepublicans§! against Maurice Tobin of the §lDemocrats§!.\n\n§M1948 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Hurley will pit George Aiken of the §mRepublicans§! against William Harriman of the §lDemocrats§!.\n£white_dot Having Baldwin will pit him against William Harriman of the §lDemocrats§!.\n£white_dot Having Tobin will pit him against George Aiken of the §mRepublicans§!.\n\n§M1952 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Aiken will pit him against Chester Bowles of the §lDemocrats§!.\n£white_dot Having Harriman will pit him against Thomas Dewey of the §mRepublicans§!.\n£white_dot Having Baldwin or Tobin will pit Thomas Dewey of the §mRepublicans§! against Chester Bowles of the §lDemocrats§!.\n\n§MElections after Compromising with the East§!\n To receive the following elections, we will need to win the civil war with help from the ACC and have them have greater legitimacy than us.\n\n§M1940 Elections§!\n£white_dot We will able to reelect Quentin Roosevelt or elect Culbert Olson of the §lDemocratic Party§!.\n\n§M1944 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Olson will pit him against Arthur Langlie of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Roosevelt will pit Sheridan Downey of the §cDemocratic Party§! against Earl Warren of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Henry Wallace of the §SFarmer-Labor Party§! will pit Sheridan Downey of the §cDemocratic Party§! against Earl Warren of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n\n§M1948 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Olson or Warren will pit the latter against Clarence Martin of the §lDemocratic Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Downey will pit him against Earl Warren of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Phillip La Follette of the §SFarmer-Labor Party§! will pit Clarence Martin of the §lDemocratic Party§! against Arthur Langlie of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Wallace or Langlie will pit the latter against Clarence Martin of the §lDemocratic Party§!.\n\n§M1952 Elections§!\n£white_dot Having Martin pit him against Harry Cain of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Downey will pit Warren Magnuson of the §lDemocratic Party§! against Harry Cain of the §mRepublican Party§!.\n£white_dot Having Glen Taylor of the §SFarmer-Labor Party§!, La Follete, Langlie or Earl Warren will pit Warren Magnuson of the §lDemocratic Party§! against William Knowland of the §mRepublican Party§!.
Supporting the Entente
Our ties to Canada mean we are a member of the Entente - whether we like it or not. The British have a great deal of experience and technology, however, which we can use to considerable advantage - though the more we do so, the more we lose legitimacy as a separate and distinct government.
Contract [ENT.GetAdjective] Weapons
Our factories can only produce so much, and as we seek to grow our war efforts, our production lines find themselves increasingly strained. We will petition our allies in the Entente for weapon contracts to alleviate the efforts on the home front.
Contract [ENT.GetAdjective] Construction Crews
With the men away on the frontline and the women busy in the workplaces, New England has a shortage of manpower to develop new industries, infrastructure, dockyards, and airbases. We will petition our Entente allies for additional manpower and help to help develop our power base.
Request Relief Assistance
As the second American civil war drags on, our civilians are beginning to notice the strain of modern total war. Food shortages are becoming increasingly common and parts of the country still lie in poverty from the lasting depression. We will petition our Canadian allies to the north for relief supplies to help alleviate the suffering in our nation.
Joint Army Training
As we begin to transform our former militia into an effective fighting force, we can use our ties with the Entente to organise joint military training exercises. Together with the leadership of Canadian and French generals, we will be able to modernise and strengthen our existing armed forces into a capable army.
Joint Navy Training
Our naval forces are minuscule compared to those of our enemies and the former United States and although we boast an impressive naval tradition, many of our new recruits are still unprepared for the battles to come. We can use our Entente ties to organise a joint naval exercise where our men can learn lessons from the experienced veterans of the former Royal Navy.
Joint Air Training
While New England holds a powerful aviation industry, many of our pilots are raw inexperienced recruits. While they are eager, unless they are properly trained and supervised - they will not be effective in the skies. With the help of our Entente allies, we will organise joint aerial exercises between our air force and the experienced pilots of the Entente. Together we will keep the skies free!
The Second Declaration of Independence
We didn't want it to come to this, but it appears we must: in order for New England to be free, we must declare our independence from [CAN.GetNameDef] and their alliance. If they intend to fight us on this decision, then we must be prepared to meet them in battle.
Liberty from the Shadow of Tyranny
We didn't want it to come to this, but it appears we must: in order for New England to be free, we must declare our independence from [CAN.GetNameDef] and their alliance. If they intend to fight us on this decision, then we must be prepared to meet them in battle.
Infantry Weapon Contracts
Construction Contracts
Relief Efforts
If [CAN.GetNameDef] accepts the contract, this will decrease our §YLegitimacy§! by §R15§!
If [CAN.GetNameDef] accepts the request, this will decrease our §YLegitimacy§! by §R20§!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] asks for weapons contracts
The Government of [NEE.GetName] has officially petitioned us to support their armament industry by providing them with weapon contracts. Surrounded by reactionaries and revolutionaries, supporting our American allies may very well be the best course of action if we wish to see a democratic and free American neighbour. Our industry has grown large enough since the Great Depression to the point where we can divert production to the Yanks. While the motion is supported by many of our Entente allies, there is also the concern that every rifle we make has to support our own upcoming military excursions. Surely, they will be fine without our support?
Of course!
Unfortunately, we cannot spare anything.
The Entente approves of the weapons contract
The Entente has refused the weapons contract
Great news from our Entente allies! They have accepted our petition for weapons contracts and have agreed to divert their weapons production to aid our growing armament industry. Workers on the home front will breathe a sigh of relief when the first shipments of Franco-Canadian weapons reach our shores. The New England soldier will find his new weapons to be made of the finest quality and craftsmanship - a testament to our shared commitment with the Entente to restore the rightful order to the world.
Disappointing news from our Entente allies. Unfortunately, the Entente has rejected our petition for weapons contracts - citing that their production lines are already strained and that they will need every rifle for their own troops. While this is disheartening to hear, our industrial might should be sufficient enough to develop our own arms industries. American quality and craftsmanship are, after all, the best in the world.
We are thankful.
We'll do it ourselves!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] asks for construction contracts
The Government of [NEE.GetName] has officially petitioned us to support their development with construction contracts. With its economy recovering from the Great Depression and the men being prepared for military conflict, New England's labour pool finds itself increasingly strained. They have to come to us for help, hoping to perhaps utilise the extensive manpower found in the French colonies and the Dominions. However, our priority has always been the homecoming first and foremost and there is the issue that perhaps our resources are better spent in preparation for the return. It may be wise to politely decline their request in favour of being ready to retake our home lands.
Of course!
Unfortunately, we cannot.
The Entente approves of construction contracts
The Entente has refused the construction contracts
Great news from our Entente allies! They have accepted our petition for construction contracts, reminding us eagerly that they hope with their help, we will be able to strengthen our bastion of freedom and democracy. This will undoubtedly alleviate labour shortages on the home front and help develop our economy as it begins to recover from the terrible depression that has plagued New England for far too long. We owe them an immense debt that while we cannot repay now; we will surely repay later.
Disappointing news from our Entente allies. They have rejected our petition for construction contracts - citing that they will need every builder and engineer at home to support their efforts to regain control of their homelands. While this is certainly demoralising, let us not forget that we were able to push through the bleakest days of the Depression together. Let us mobilise the men and women of our country to work harder than ever before to help us prepare for what is to come. Together, we can do it!
We appreciate the help!
We'll do it ourselves!
Joint Army Training
On [NEE.GetNameDef]'s initiative, detachments of our armed forces have gathered to train together and learn from each other at Fort Ethan Allen in Vermont. Named after the American Revolutionary War figure Ethan Allen, the fort has been home to units such as the 10th Cavalry Regiment and the 1st Squadron of the 3rd Cavalry - the current inhabitants of the fort are the Vermont National Guard.\n\nGeneral Leslie Groves gave an opening speech to commence the joint training of an international armed forces coalition, including soldiers from French Africa and Australia. Pledging to aid the Entente's goals of hoping to return home from years of exile as well as to free America from the civil war that had felled her, Groves' speech was met with roaring applause among the attendees. Curious reporters and spectators watched and interacted with the men of the allied forces as soldiers competed with and against each other - regardless of nation and colour. Allied service members partook in recreational activities at the camp recreation halls, such as dancing with the locals or forming bonds of camaraderie during the nightly campfires. The military staff of the Entente and [NEE.GetNameDef] concluded that the joint training exercises were a success, and plans are being drawn for the next event.
Together for Victory
Joint Navy Training
On [NEE.GetNameDef]'s initiative, squadrons of our naval forces have gathered to train together and learn from each other. The Canadian government has proposed for the joint naval exercise to be held off the coast of Nova Scotia, a neutral sea zone close to both [NEE.GetNameDef] and Canada.\n\nVarious nations of the Entente have sent their ships and best sailors to participate in the joint naval exercise. On behalf of the naval forces of the Government of [NEE.GetNameDef], Admiral Thomas Kinkaid and a squadron of [NEE.GetNameDef]'s finest sailors were sent to participate in the event. Although the navy of [NEE.GetNameDef] is relatively inexperienced, the exercise proved to be incredibly helpful as [NEE.GetAdjective] sailors were able to practise signals, communications, and new naval strategies. For the inexperienced navy of [NEE.GetNameDef], the exercises strengthened the resolve and discipline of the fledgling American navy.\n\nAdmiral Kinkaid shared his articles on the importance of having more guns instead of bigger guns and his thoughts on naval aviation. The training exercise has also helped prepare their sailors for the eventual homecoming for the Canadian, Australian, and French navies. The nations that participated in the joint naval exercise found the experience to be quite beneficial, and at the encouragement of the Canadian government, plans are being set for future cooperation on the seas.
Together for Victory
Joint Air Training
On [NEE.GetNameDef]'s initiative, squadrons of our air forces have gathered to train together and learn from each other. [CAN.GetNameDefCap] will be the host nation, offering to host the various countries of the Entente alliance at the Canadian Forces Bases Uplands (CFB Uplands) in Ontario, Canada. Chosen for its ideal weather, industrial facilities, wide-open spaces, and proximity to New England, the Canadian facilities will provide pilots of the Entente with the best possible simulations for aerial combat.\n\nRepresenting New England's air forces would be General George Kenney. While the American recruits are relatively inexperienced compared to their Allied counterparts, they have shown great enthusiasm in the training exercises thus far. American plane designs, especially those from Bell and Consolidated, were shared with Entente engineers and advisors who shared their designs with the Americans. With a feeling of general satisfaction among the air staff of the various Entente nations, the Entente hopes to coordinate greater cooperation in the years to come regarding aerial doctrine development and plane designs.
Together for Victory
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] asks for relief assistance
Despite their best efforts under the Second Square Deal, the effects of the Great Depression continue to linger throughout New England. While their factories are finally beginning to churn out production once more and employment rates start to soar, many of their people are still affected by the hardships of civil war - especially the thousands of refugees who crossed over into New England. Food shortages and rationing continue to strain the already weary populace, and it will take a while before a full economic recovery is achieved. Their government has petitioned us for relief assistance, and with our resources, we should be capable of lending a hand to our American ally. However, with the Entente's inevitable homecoming, perhaps our resources are better served to help our people. While the American people will undoubtedly be grateful for the help, we could always politely decline their request.
Of course we will help them!
Unfortunately, we cannot.
The Entente sends relief assistance
The Entente has declined our request for relief
Great news from our Entente allies! Recognising our economic and social hardships, they have graciously promised relief aid to the Provisional Government. This will undoubtedly help the gradual economic recovery and bring Americans back to full employment once more. We owe them a debt that we will one day have to repay, but for now, we can rest assured that the worst days of the Depression will become a distant memory.
Disappointing news from our Entente allies. They have rejected our petition for relief assistance, citing that their resources are better served on their homefront, especially as they prepare to retake their homelands. While disheartening to hear, we will continue to persevere through the lingering effects of the Depression. Let us mobilise the men and women of our country to work harder than ever before to help us prepare for what is to come. Together, we can do it!
Thanks for the help!
We'll have to do it ourselves.
Reclaiming America
The light of the Old North Church remains ready to be relit in America's darkest hour as other parts of our fair nation have torn themselves asunder. Ever since the Canadian intervention which created our provisional government, we have hoped for democracy to win out in the civil war. If that is not the case, then we must steel ourselves to carry the torch for freedom, as the last vestige of democratic America.\n\nCurrent Legitimacy :  §G[?NEE.NEE_legitimacy]§!\n§P-----------------------------------§!\nOnce the focus §Y$NEE_Behind_Enemy_Lines$§! is completed, the following abilities will be unlocked in claimed states that neighbour our fully controlled territory:\n\n£GFX_manpower_texticon  Locate Friendly Contacts: §gSelecting this option will rebuild up a network of allies to our cause. Once the targeted state is secured, they will help ease the transition of power.§!\n§CAdd Compliance§!: §G+10%§!\n§P---------------§!\n£GFX_territory_icon  Infiltrate, Improvise, Sabotage: §gSelecting this option will smuggle weapons into the targeted state to reach resistance fighters. It will take several days §W(5)§! for the resistance to be ready to fight.§!\n§P---------------§!\n£GFX_pol_violence  Launch an Uprising: §gSelecting this option will deploy two partisan resistance fighter units to help liberate the United States. If the focus §Y$NEE_Flying_For_Freedom$§! was taken, our brave pilots will be able to deliver better equipment and smuggle better experienced NCO's to lead the resistance units.§!\n§LResistance Template§!:  8 £GFX_nato_unit_infantry_icon_small  with £GFX_unit_artillery_icon_small , £GFX_unit_recon_icon_small , and £GFX_unit_logistics_company_icon_small.
Request [ENT.GetNameWithFlag] Support
§gThese negotiations are more likely to succeed if we have a solid ground to build our case on to [ENT.GetName]. This is shown through having a large army in the field and high legitimacy§!
Claim the Mantle of Democratic America
When the Canadians intervened in the spring of 1937, many saw us as merely a puppet in the Entente's desperate attempts to return home. However, with the fall of the last bastions of democracy in the United States - we now find ourselves as the only remaining option to save democracy in America! If we don't stand up for the democratic ideals that we fought the independence war for, no one will. Those who doubt us can look at our renewed economic strength and the growing capabilities of our armed forces. It is time to announce to the American continent that we will free our nation from those that plunged it into chaos!
Claim the Mantle of Free America
When the Canadians intervened in the spring of 1937, many saw us as merely a puppet in the Entente's desperate attempts to return home. However, thanks to the patriotic men and women who refused to give up on American democracy - we now find ourselves qualified to claim the mantle of a Free America indeed. Those who doubt us can look at our renewed economic strength and the growing capabilities of our armed forces. It is time to announce to the American continent that we will free our nation from those that plunged it into chaos!
Liberate the States
While we may have sat out the opening days of the war, we did so out of necessity and time. Our economy has finally recovered from the worst days of the Depression to the point where our factories are now ready to convert to military production. The government has stabilised significantly, and our armed forces have expanded to the point where reclamation of the continent is quite feasible. With the other sides exhausted by years of civil war, we are now able to boldly go forth to reclaim our nation from tyranny like our forefathers before us!
Establishing Legitimacy
We are a government that has been put into place by a foreign power - and thus many are keen to disregard our right to exist, or to call us traitors for not weighing in on the civil war raging in the rest of the nation. We must combat the opinion that we serve British interests rather than American citizens, and that involves changing attitudes at home. Failure to do so means the eventual dissolution of our government once the civil war is finished - or worse.\n\nCurrent Legitimacy :  §G[?NEE.NEE_legitimacy]§!
Organise a Propaganda Campaign
Billboards, Radio Commercials, Newspaper Ads and much more, all will be pushed down the people's throats in the hopes of conveying our message.
Hold a Presidential Goodwill Tour
Even as our propaganda ministry works around the clock, the man on the street remains unconvinced that actual power is wielded in Boston and sees the \
'Motivate' the Foreign Press
Journalists from all sides of the world keep having this annoying habit of reporting news within our nation as matters of the 'New Englander' state with socialist-aligned papers even going so far as calling us the Canadian Province of New England. This will no longer do for we will not be trifled with and they shall soon recognise that the only true American nation is ours. For now, however we'll have to be content with sliding some money towards the largest troublemakers and politely requesting that they call us the United States of America.
Increase Foreign Representation in R&D
The war may be raging harder than ever before but American scientists are still working in the labs and engineering facilities of the Ivy League universities. Let's make it clear that [Root.GetNameDef] has the wherewithal to innovate and stand on its own among the world leaders.
Liberty Ship Program
With war on the European continent inevitable and with the Ententes ambitions to execute the largest naval operation in the history of mankind, the dockyards of New England are working overtime to meet the increasing needs of the alliance. To further boost our output, a centralised construction scheme has been created by the government to guide the further expansion of these shipyards.
Todd-Bath Iron Shipbuilding Corporation
As part of the country's intense emergency ship construction program, the Todd-Bath Iron Shipbuilding Corporation yard aims to meet the high demands of the American navy. With thousands of women employed, the shipyard has generated a considerable degree of productivity and employment in the port city of South Portland, Maine. It is also the first shipyard to feature ships constructed below sea level.
South Portland Shipbuilding Corporation
Like its counterpart, the Todd Bath Iron yard, the west yard in South Portland has been renamed the South Portland Shipyard. Here ships will be constructed with the new technology of \
Walsh-Kaiser Company
Located in Cranston and Providence in Rhode Island, the Walsh and Kaiser Company has been financed by the Maritime Commission as part of the country's intensive shipbuilding programme. The local storekeepers, housewives, clerks, and youth fresh out of school have been encouraged to aid in the development and construction of the dockyard so that our navy continues to be top of the class.
§YLocate Friendly Contacts§!
§gAs we make contacts among local resistance groups, we can help elevate the right people to ease the transition of power. With a little propaganda and the right people on our side, the region should come under control easier.§!\n\n[!NEE_Contacts_button_click_enabled]
§YInfiltrate, Improvise, Sabotage§!
§gThrough establishing contact with local resistance groups and by supplying them with the necessary weapons and expertise to successfully organise guerrilla strikes, we will construct a network of resistance cells loyal to us and capable of inflicting heavy damage on our enemies.§!\n\n[!NEE_Infiltration_button_click_enabled]
§YLaunch an Uprising!§!
§gThe day of reckoning has come and the cells we so carefully fostered are now ready to perform their strikes on the central government. For Liberty!§!\n\n[!NEE_Launch_Uprising_button_click_enabled]
Local Contacts have already been made
State has already been infiltrated
Currently establishing contacts in the region
An uprising has already been launched
View non-infiltrated areas
Townhall Democracy
Democracy works best on the local level. We must ensure that, even in this time of chaos, people are still able to participate in democracy and feel like their voice is heard by the provisional government.
Swaying Public Opinion
Through films, song, art, and all the traditional means of propaganda, we will establish confidence in the provisional government's ability to both govern and do what's in the best interests of our American citizens.
Reassure Financial Institutions
Many international firms are (understandably) terrified of losing their investments in America. We must reassure them that New England, at least, is a safe place to do business and make a profit.
Second Square Deal
While our fellow Americans to the south have reignited their economies through the fires of the second American civil war, our neutrality continues to leave us facing the continued effects of the Great Depression that has ravaged our country for over a decade.
Steel Mills of Maine
Maine is full of valuable mineral deposits. We must ensure that they are accessible for mining through the development of new resource extraction technology.
Labour Management Relations Act
Unions have proven to be a menace to American society. [WCA.GetNameDefCap] to our south have plunged the country into chaos, pitting brother against brother for the second time in 70 years. Legislation must be passed in order to keep them in line.
National Labour Relations Act
If we do not wish to see workers uprisings all across New England, we must protect their ability to organise in defence of their rights against unfair business practices. Senator Robert Wagner of New York has drafted this act to push through congress.
Federal Housing Act
Across New England, countless thousands living in poverty are homeless and destitute. The land of prosperity and future is not living up its name!
This will reduce the effects of the §YGreat Depression§! national spirit!
Welfare for Work
Free handouts will simply make the population lazy. To do so would rob Americans of their drive to succeed when they can sit back and just cash government checks.
Social Security Act of [GetYear]
The United States is the only modern industrial country that does not provide a safety net of social security to our people. Older Americans are sometimes left to fend for themselves in trying times like these when their families already struggle to provide for themselves without needing to worry about feeding Grandma as well.
Social Security Act
Works Progress Administration
With much of our population unemployed due to the economic crisis, we have a huge source of untapped potential labour at our disposal. The Works Progress Administration will create jobs to build infrastructure and public construction across New England to get our people back to work.
Reconstruction Finance Corporation
The lengthy Great Depression has shaken investor's confidence in the market. Lots of private capital is being held back by the rich who do not wish to throw away their hard work in these turbulent times. We must seek to encourage private investment to help supplement Federal spending.
Form the Civilian Conservation Corps
With large numbers of young men out of work, families are struggling to make ends meet. The civilian conservation corps will provide eligible young men with meals, housing, and employment to help provide for themselves and their families!
Rural Electrification
As much as 90% of rural America was left without any access to electricity at the tail end of the Smith Administration. Particularly affected were the northern states of Vermont and New Hampshire. We need to ensure that all citizens have access to it.
Dealing with the Great Depression
Unlike our southern neighbours who have been jolted out of the worst of the depression with the onset of the second American civil war shifting them into a war economy, we still feel the effects of the long decade. Hundreds of thousands are still left out of work and doing their best to scrape by with what meager savings they have managed to gather. Our primary priority must be to help provide for our people!\n§!§P---------------\n§gWhile the effects of the §YGreat Depression§! modifier will automatically slowly reduce, taking each of these £decision_icon_small §Hdecisions§! or completing £GFX_pol_power  §Hfocuses§! from the §nSecond Square Deal§! tree will help get rid of the modifier faster.§!
Bangor Airport Expansion
As the farthest east state in the union, Maine is an excellent location to begin the construction of a large airfield. As preparations are made in Canada to return home, the North Atlantic may become a region of heavy traffic ferrying all sorts of goods, people, and materiel across the ocean.
Rhode Island Infrastructure
Using government funds, local officials directed by prominent governor/vice-president (if Welsh) Theodore Francis Green have put forward plans to modernise the state. Many miles of highways are to be constructed to better connect the region as well as public schools to help educate the next generation of skilled workers.
Modernise the Rochester and Syracuse Railroad
When the great depression struck our country, the flow of goods across our railways stalled to pitifully low levels. As rail workers began to be laid off, sections of the New York Central Railroad have fallen into disrepair which cannot stand during our rise from this slumber.
Lackawanna Steel Works
The old Lackawanna Steel Company was the largest independent steel company in the world at the turn of the twentieth century. However, unionisation and the hard times of the past few decades have been poor for the company. Following their bankruptcy, Bethlehem Steel purchased the plant but has struggled to find the money needed to modernise the plant with proper equipment of the current age.
Bourne and Sagamore Bridge
The proposed bridge in Sagamore, Massachusetts, plans to connect Cape Cod with the Massachusetts mainland. The bridge's design is based on the John Greenleaf Whittier Bridge that connects Newburyport to Amesbury, Massachusetts. Improving the state's infrastructure will help speed up travel and provide jobs for the many unemployed Americans.
Expand the Boston and Albany Railroad
At the time of its construction, the Boston-Albany railroad formed the longest and most expensive point to point railroad constructed in the United States. With an increase in peak passenger volume as well as the need to transport troops and equipment to the frontlines, we will undertake an ambitious project to expand the railroad for our needs.
Complete the Merritt Parkway
An ambitious parkway designed to connect with the Boston Post Road at Milford, the completion of the Merritt Parkway will ensure that we will be able to handle a greater volume of motor traffic safely and efficiently.
Fund the Connecticut Arms Industry
Historically, the state of Connecticut has long housed a large number of weapons manufacturers such as Colt, Stag and Ruger. With the extra manpower available from the pool of unemployed labourers, resources can be directed towards the expansion of these historic arms industries.
Loudonville Reservoir
The city of Albany has long relied on the flow of the Hudson River to provide water for its population. In the event of any stoppage, the city may be cut off. This new reservoir would provide upwards of 10 days emergency supply to the city at any time!
Bear Brook Camp
Using government funds to purchase land of marginal agricultural value, this place will serve as a home base for infrastructure projects across the region.
Bear Brook Camp has been built in New Hampshire
Clear New Hampshire Forests
With over 81% of the state covered by forests, there is not much room for prospective industry to make any inroads to the state. Using the CCC labour pool, small sections of forest can selectively be cut down to make room for industry to move in.
Construct the Moore Dam
Designs for the Moore Dam on the border between Vermont and New Hampshire on the upper Connecticut River would allow for the generation of vast amounts of power to reach the population of the rural Northeast who largely lack access to electricity.
Maine Fire Trails
As the most heavily forested state, Maine is highly susceptible to large fires quickly growing out of control. The CCC can be directed to work on the creation of rural roads that serve a double purpose. Containing forest fires to limited areas as well as serve to expand the road network throughout the state.
Reorganise the National Guard
In the rampant disorder that came with the Civil War, order was restored thanks to the help of our ever-present National Guard. While the National Guard is more than an unruly militia, they have fallen below the standards of infantry worldwide. We will reorganise and train the National Guard up to modern standards.
§RThis will limit New England to a maximum conscription level of§! §YLimited Conscription§!
Maine Maritime School
Since our nation's conception, we have always relied on Marines to deploy worldwide, an elite fighting force that can fight on lands and sea. New England's proximity to the sea grants us the ability to conduct further naval to land training. To continue our maritime tradition, we will expand the Maine Maritime School to include training for the Marines so that we will be able to breed the next generation of leathernecks.
Green Mountain Boys
Dating back to Ethan Allen's Green Mountain Boys of the American Revolution, the hills of Vermont and New Hampshire have always had a strong military tradition. This elite infantry was infamous for the fear they struck in enemy ranks, so we should seek to emulate our forefathers in our methodology in the battle against tyranny.
Continental Rangers
Ever since King Philip's War, the American peoples have made use of their understanding of the terrain of New England to combat their enemies. Our military staff has recommended that we construct small combat squads of handpicked elite forces capable of dealing a massive blow into enemy territory without fighting on an open front. Nicknamed the \
Mechanised Marines
With its origins as a civilian rescue vehicle designed by Donald Roebling, the Land Vehicle Tracked (LVT) has been adopted by the Marine Corps for logistical ship to shore operations. While its original intentions may have been for cargo, the Marines have recognised the potential for the LVT to be used as an assault vehicle - providing Marines the armour and support they need to storm the beaches.
Airborne Experiments
Our military staff has been interested in the doctrine of vertical envelopment developed in other nations. This is the idea of troops being deployed rapidly from the air that can attack the enemy's rear and flanks, giving us the chance to encircle our enemies. While paratroopers remain a relatively new, dangerous, and untested strategy, we will soon conduct our first airborne experiments to apply this doctrine to the field.
Form the Mid-Ocean Escort Force
With long supply lines across vast lengths of ocean, our transports lie vulnerable to enemy interdiction efforts. The Mid-Ocean Escort Force (MOEF) will be created in order to organise patrols and study new methods to protect our convoys as they sail potentially dangerous waters.
Coordinate Naval Bombardment
In order to give our marines the best chances of making it off the beach, any fortifications they come across must ideally be smoking ruins, devastated by offshore naval bombardment before attempts at landing are made. Through improvements to weapon accuracy and spotting technology, our vessels will turn any coastal fortifications to dust!
Fleming Transport Contracts
As the Marine Corps naturally expands, so too does the number of landing craft needed for their operational capabilities. Without many local designs at home, we will look towards our northern neighbour for designs to improve the LVT and allow us to execute naval invasions that keep our marines safe when they land on the beaches.
Mobile Mountain Artillery
The terrain of New England makes it difficult for us to use traditional towed artillery, and to unlimber such artillery is slow and arduous. To make the movement of artillery faster, our military staff has proposed we adopt the M1A1 75 mm Howitzer that can be broken down into pieces to be carried by pack animals. This ensures that our artillery can quickly deploy through rugged terrain, giving our infantry the close support they need.
Ensure Clear Skies
With a large portion of the industrial power of the United States under hostile control to our south and west, we will have to prepare more robust defences to defend against any incursion by enemy airpower. As the war comes to New England, we must be sure to keep our military and civilians to ensure that once again, our skies will be clear.
Syracuse Army Air Base
Our military will need a dedicated airbase to ensure that our planes and pilots will be prepared before they are sent off to defend our skies. We will develop an empty 3,500 parcel north of the city of Syracuse into an Army Air Base where recruits will be able to learn basic training, aircraft will be tested, and our defences strengthened.
Bell Contracts
The Bell Aircraft Corporation in Buffalo has expressed its interest in aiding us in our struggle. One of the largest aviation industries in New England, signing contracts with Bell would greatly benefit their aircraft development. Our government will organise contracts with Bell to ensure that our air force will be equipped with the latest Bell aircraft to help us dominate the skies.
Entrenchment and Redeployment Tactics
America is a geographically diverse country, with some areas being difficult to supply and defend. We need to ensure our divisions have the proper logistics capabilities and that they are capable of establishing quick defences anywhere in our great nation.
Expand the Underground Railway
Few are happy with the government to the south. Just like our grandfathers did in the era of slavery, we will assist those persecuted by the southern traitors in coming north, to freedom.
Behind Enemy Lines
Just like John Brown, we will send patriots south to spread the word of the coming liberation. They will inspire rebellions and turn people against the tyrants that rule them. When the time comes, they will help bring down the false government!
Combat the Petroleum Deficit
The dire fuel situation of the Entente is forcing our hand in the ever-continuing search to find a reliable solution to the issue. Researchers from all across the British Empire and now also the Ivy League are hard at work to ensure that New England will not fall due to scarcity alone.
Tank Destroyer Doctrine
Our military staff has recognised the importance of tanks in modern conflict and the importance of anti-tank measures. Younger military staff members have pushed for the modification of existing tank models to faster and more manoeuvrable types while maintaining strong piercing abilities to quickly immobilise and disorganised enemy tanks.
Tank Destroyer Doctrine
Main Battle Tanks
Our military has studied the tank traditions intensely in the Commune of France and the German Empire and the varying schools of tank doctrine. While some tanks are designed for infantry support, others are intended to serve in their own formations. Proponents of tanks within our military have proposed that we adopt tanks that combine infantry support while also acting on their own.
Schenectady Arsenal
M7 Designs
Our army observers have remarked that we need a self-propelled artillery vehicle with sufficient firepower to support armoured operations. By mounting a 105 mm howitzer on a light tank chassis, we will have unparalleled mobile artillery support - giving us the firepower and speed we need to support our tanks.
M10 Designs
Our military has realised that anti-tank weapons are efficient against fast mobile tank formations launching a concentrated attack. To counter this, some in our military have proposed adopting the 3-inch gun on a medium armoured vehicle chassis. The M10 tank destroyer emphasising speed and firepower over armour will allow us to move aggressively and use ambush tactics to bring enemy tanks into ruin.
Local Tank Development
The United States has always neglected tank development. Our observers have noticed strengths in both the heavily armoured infantry tanks and the lighter, faster, cruiser tanks of our British allies. Yet, some request that we turn our attention towards a hybrid design attempting to take the best of both designs.
A15 'Ram' Cooperation
The engineers and scientists of the British Empire have long been experimenting with new ways of mechanised warfare and a joint tank development programme by the entire Empire has combined its forces to design the so called A15 'Ram' tank. Our knowledge of tank development is lacking but they have granted us the opportunity to join them in designing and creating this new vehicle.
Schenectady Industrial Area
Located sixteen miles northwest of Albany lies Schenectady, one of the largest electrical workshops in the United States. While the American Locomotive Company has factories here, Schenectady is also the home of the electrical industry, where radios and radar can be fashioned. As our nation fires up its industry for the battles to come, we will rally eager men and women to work at the plants to bring our boys in the field the tools they need to win.
Redevelop Upstate New York
As large numbers of workers begin heading down to industrial centres such as Schenectady, the burdens of our already exhausted infrastructure and public transportation systems are starting to show. We will have to make great efforts in reorganising the region's infrastructure to help our war machine's efficiency and ensure that our workers and troops can quickly get to where they are needed.
Radar and Sonar Developments
Advances in radio and undersea signals have led to radar and sonar adoption and development, respectively. With these new tools, we can detect enemy aircraft before they are over us and scan the seas for enemies hidden far beneath the waves. The military and navy has recommended that we expand the Naval Undersea Warfare Centre in New London to increase our application and develop these new devices to be one step ahead of our enemies.
Expand the Portsmouth Dockyard
Established in 1800 by President John Adams, the Portsmouth Dockyard has always held a grand shipbuilding tradition. Some of the first and finest ships of the former United States navy were constructed here, a testament to New England's long-term maritime traditions. With the conflict upon us, we will expand the dockyard to accommodate modern warships and expand jobs for civilians allowing us to fulfil our true naval potential.
Signals Department
As troops become increasingly mechanised and combat is focused on squad operations, we will have to improve our communications significantly. Wars are no longer fought in lines and trenches, and units moving quickly must be in constant communication with each other in order to coordinate effectively. In addition to expanding the Signals Department and by providing radios to as many squads as possible, we will also adopt the M18 coloured smoke grenades for soldiers to use.
Schenectady Research Workshop
The largest electronics workshop in the world, the Schenectady Research Workshop, will be expanded to increase our research capabilities to put us further ahead of our enemies. Our engineering prowess will be strengthened by further developing the research wings. We will use New England's historical role in American academia by inviting Ivy League researchers, professors, and scientists to use their academic gifts for the war effort.
General Electric Propulsion
With the help of the General Electric Company, we have been offered the chance to increase the speed of our ships. They have offered to provide their efficient turbine electric drive machinery research for the refinement of our vessels. As our research into efficient propeller systems gets progressively more advanced, we can count on them to help fit these turbine propellers onto our surface vessels.
Kenney Mobilisation Plan
With a somewhat radical and controversial stance given the fact that most of the high command has naval backgrounds, General George Kenney believes that New England's best plan for winning offensives is to begin a rapid rearmament process by placing women in the factories - freeing up the men to serve in the frontlines. His plan also calls for the coordination of high-intensity air support to help break through enemy lines.
Lowell Munition Factory
To assist our weapons manufacturers and to provide a steady supply of ammunition for our troops on the front, plans have been drawn up to fund the creation of a new munition plant in the town of Lowell, Massachusetts, which has been hit hard by the Great Depression leaving 40% of the population without jobs. With war upon us once more, the people will have work to do in helping us rebuild our industrial strength.
New England's Dockyards
Like \
Women into the Factories
As more and more eligible young men are brought into our growing armed forces, the amount of workers at our industrial plants has also begun to wane. In order to counteract this, we must begin to look into replacing them with our large untapped labour pool of young women.
Arsenal of Democracy
For years, we have prided ourselves on our ability to distance ourselves from Europe's affairs knowing that we are safe thanks to the broad expanses of the Pacific and the Atlantic. However, with the outbreak of a total war on our very own continent - we are forced to re-evaluate our position in the world. As we fully mobilise the people and country of [NEE.GetNameDef], we can confidently declare that we are indeed the arsenal of democracy for the nations of the free world.
Norwich University
Norwich University in Vermont is the oldest military college in the United States and the birthplace of the Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC). As we have now found ourselves thrust into war, we will expand the university to accommodate more students and ensure that their curriculum is up to date so our officers are well trained and up to par with the rest of the world.
Modernise West Point Curriculum
Having last officially seen action since the Spanish-American War, the military curriculum at West Point is somewhat behind. While observers did study the Weltkrieg in Europe, many of the tactics and doctrines practised are still somewhat behind. We will make efforts to modernise the school curriculum to ensure that the last remaining US military officer school remains at the top of its class.
Encourage Attack Aviation
Backed by George Kenney's experience observing aerial combat at the end of the Weltkrieg, he believes that the key to success in the next war will come from airpower being on standby to strike at targets that would normally bog down an advance by the army.
Victory Through Airpower
The next war will be won from the skies. While the technology was not there during the majority of the Weltkrieg, observers in France during the tail end of the conflict saw the potential. With the rapid advancements in aerial technology, large bombers capable of long distance travel can now fly missions deep into the enemy heartland to damage or destroy military installations or factories producing war equipment for the enemy!
Consolidated Contracts
In our efforts to strengthen the firepower from the skies and improve existing models in the New England air force, we will form contracts with Consolidated. Famous during the prewar years for their flying boats, Consolidated has expressed interest in working with our government to ensure that we aid in the development of their new bombers. With these new bombers, we will be able to offer support to our troops and attack the enemy's strategic needs from the air.
Infantry Support Breakthroughs
The Weltkrieg conclusively proved that sending massive waves of infantry into a meat grinder does not win battles much less the war. They need to have a well rounded complement of supporting units to fight using combined arms tactics to effectively rout the enemy.
Legacy of the Ranger
While some believe that the firepower of dreadnoughts decides the waves, our naval command believes that deploying naval aircraft in engagements will win battles. Since we control the great Boston Naval Yard, the birthplace of the USS Ranger, we will be able to implement our tradition of ship construction with this great dockyard. With the dockyard's capabilities and workforce, we will build a new line of aircraft carriers like \
The Southern Fire
While other matters took our attention right after the creation of the Republic of New England at the outbreak of the second American civil war, the situation at home has stabilised. We can no longer ignore the raging inferno that is swallowing up the rest of America. The people must ready themselves for the struggle ahead.
The effects of the §YGreat Depression§! are beginning to fade.
The effects of the §YGreat Depression§! are continuing to fade.
Reluctance towards the civil war has died down
War Production Board
In order to be ready for conflict, we must form together a board of industrialists to organise a proper transformation from civilian production to wartime goods. The army requires rifles and munitions to fight. Not toasters!
Streamline Garand Production
With the M1 designation rifle being in various trials for years, experts have put forward a redesign of the barrel, gas cylinder, and front sight assembly, to make the Garand an even more reliable and deadly weapon.
The Forge of Democracy
New England was home to some of the oldest factories that were started in the United States during the industrial revolution. Springfield Armory played a decisive role in the first civil war outpacing Confederate production at a rate of nearly 32 to 1. While important armouries such as Harper's Ferry and the Rock Island arsenal lie in enemy hands, the eldest forge of American arms still burns bright!
All American Lease Act
[NEE_AALA_desc]
As the fires of war engulf America, we have a responsibility to those in the [USA.GetName]. While the flames may look distant from our border, they are actively licking at the paint of their house. To keep our firehose for ourselves would be selfish and endanger them in the process. So too must we be charitable with our excess war materiel that isn't needed at the homefront.
As the fires of war engulf America, we have a responsibility to those in the [ACC.GetName]. While the flames may look distant from our border, they are actively licking at the paint of their house. To keep our firehose for ourselves would be selfish and endanger them in the process. So too must we be charitable with our excess war materiel that isn't needed at the homefront.
As the fires of war engulf America, we have a responsibility to those in the [APG.GetName]. While the flames may look distant from our border, they are actively licking at the paint of their house. To keep our firehose for ourselves would be selfish and endanger them in the process. So too must we be charitable with our excess war materiel that isn't needed at the homefront.
As the fires of war engulf America, we have a responsibility to those who we support. While the flames may look distant from our border, they are actively licking at the paint of their house. To keep our firehose for ourselves would be selfish and endanger them in the process. So too must we be charitable with our excess war materiel that isn't needed at the homefront.
All-American Lend Lease Effort
With the second American civil war raging on, the security of democracy in the region is threatened. Failure to work together and defeat the various opposing factions may very well bring the §Rfinal nail into the coffin of American democracy§!! In order to prevent this, the president of New England signed into law the \
Resource Allocation Management
Cut off from large portions of the rich American lands, now more than ever, we must strive to use everything we have to the fullest of our abilities! Recycling campaigns will be started all across the country to collect needed material for our manufacturers.
Statute of Limited Emergency
The situation on our southern border has not developed necessarily in our favour. As our brothers and sisters clash on the battlefield their governments call up more and more divisions to fight. Our limited force pales in comparison.
Selective Training Act
While we treasure all who have volunteered to serve the United States, the projections for the next war are immense. In order to fully fill the needed divisions, we must organise a draft of limited conscription for our able bodied young men.
Reassess American Involvement
[NEE_Reassess_Support_desc]
As our allies in the [USA.GetName] have begun to falter, some in the government see this as an opportunity for New England to assert its status as a true successor state of America. However, we will need to convince the government in [CAN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the Entente's resources are better served shifting towards our military rather than the [USA.GetName].
As our allies in the [ACC.GetName] have begun to falter, some in the government see this as an opportunity for New England to assert its status as a true successor state of America. However, we will need to convince the government in [CAN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the Entente's resources are better served shifting towards our military rather than the [ACC.GetName].
As our allies in the [APG.GetName] have begun to falter, some in the government see this as an opportunity for New England to assert its status as a true successor state of America. However, we will need to convince the government in [CAN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the Entente's resources are better served shifting towards our military rather than the [APG.GetName].
As our allies in America have begun to falter, some in the government see this as an opportunity for New England to assert its status as a true successor state of America. However, we will need to convince the government in [CAN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the Entente's resources are better served shifting towards our military rather than our allies.
We wisely kept out of the initial outbreak of hostilities in the spring of 1937. This has allowed our people to build up strength without the constant drain of war. Yet now, we can hardly stand by while America falls to those who would destroy its identity. We must prepare to get involved ourselves!
War Bonds
Propaganda is a crucial resource in times of war. Our people stayed out of the war originally in hopes to maintain their neutrality and avoid the bloodshed of the civil war. A relentless campaign must be undertaken to instill patriotism and vigor into the minds of our people to get everyone playing their part in the war effort.
Freedom Fliers
Through the use of balloons, bombers and even just your regular fighter, the Freedom Fliers initiative have been tasked with flying deep over enemy territory to wage not physical but psychological war, hoping to galvanise resistance in the rest of America.
Operation Pointblank
Experience gleaned from observing the second American civil war has shown us the power of long range bombers. Carefully planned bomber offensives have the possibility to deliver serious damage to the heartland of the enemy. Senior planners have already begun drafting up plans to attack several key cities in the Steel Belt in case hostilities begin with [395.Owner.GetNameDef].
New England Expeditionary Force
[NEE_NEEF_desc]
As we continue to back our chosen horse in the second American civil war, some military hawks call for an increase in the New England Expeditionary Force fighting across the fields of America for the [USA.GetName]. With more boots on the ground, the expeditionary force will be more capable of conducting independent operations without needing to rely on local support from the [USA.GetName].
As we continue to back our chosen horse in the second American civil war, some military hawks call for an increase in the New England Expeditionary Force fighting across the fields of America for the [ACC.GetName]. With more boots on the ground, the expeditionary force will be more capable of conducting independent operations without needing to rely on local support from the [ACC.GetName].
As we continue to back our chosen horse in the second American civil war, some military hawks call for an increase in the New England Expeditionary Force fighting across the fields of America for the [APG.GetName]. With more boots on the ground, the expeditionary force will be more capable of conducting independent operations without needing to rely on local support from the [APG.GetName].
As we continue to back our chosen horse in the second American civil war, some military hawks call for an increase in the New England Expeditionary Force fighting across the fields of America as volunteers. With more boots on the ground, the expeditionary force will be more capable of conducting independent operations without needing to rely on local support from our ally.
Completion of this focus will allow us to send §Yvolunteers§! to our American ally
Joint American Research
[NEE_JAR_desc]
The Weltkrieg showed the world how large-scale warfare has the capacity to kickstart scientific research into overdrive. In order to better prepare ourselves and our allies in the [USA.GetName], for the ongoing war in America, a new project will be initiated by New England to house scientists from both sides to share technological breakthroughs with each other.
The Weltkrieg showed the world how large-scale warfare has the capacity to kickstart scientific research into overdrive. In order to better prepare ourselves and our allies in the [ACC.GetName], for the ongoing war in America, a new project will be initiated by New England to house scientists from both sides to share technological breakthroughs with each other.
The Weltkrieg showed the world how large-scale warfare has the capacity to kickstart scientific research into overdrive. In order to better prepare ourselves and our allies in the [APG.GetName], for the ongoing war in America, a new project will be initiated by New England to house scientists from both sides to share technological breakthroughs with each other.
The Weltkrieg showed the world how large-scale warfare has the capacity to kickstart scientific research into overdrive. In order to better prepare ourselves and our allies in America, for the ongoing war in America, a new project will be initiated by New England to house scientists from both sides to share technological breakthroughs with each other.
America's Darkest Hour
With the rest of the United States consumed by war, New England has managed to become a safe harbour in a storm of chaos. We must reassure those in our borders that the provisional government is their only hope of freedom and safety.
Remember Lexington and Concord
Here in our corner of the United States were heard the first shots that rang out across the world back in 1775. Our forefathers were willing to take up arms to defend their rights against the overreach of the British government across the Atlantic. So too must we during the troubling times that are looming on our horizon. There may soon be an occasion at which the surviving government of the civil war in Washington turns North not in a posture of reconciliation but that of hostility.
Propaganda Campaigns
Dangerous ideas float around the American continent, such as the syndicalist revolutionaries and the autocrats who wish to erode our democracy. In these desperate times, Americans will find themselves susceptible to false ideas and notions; and only we can guide them to the truth. We will undertake efforts to show that Americans know that we are the legitimate government that promises to uphold promises made by the Constitution.
Victory Gardens
Without the Great Plains Breadbasket, our nation will find itself struggling to feed both the civilian population and the military. We will encourage the civilian front to begin growing their vegetables in their very own gardens to lower the price of vegetables needed to feed our boys. With more 
Second Declaration of Independence
The New England provisional government was created by Canada, it's true, but we are established enough now that it's time we stood on our own feet. Unless the Canadian reason for intervention is not what they suggested, and they have more nefarious aims...?
Keep the Lady's Promise
America has always stood as a refuge for the tired, poor, huddled masses yearning to breathe free of the yolks imposed on them by foreign rulers abroad. While the Lady and her lamp may be behind enemy lines, we can keep her fire burning and continue to prove to the world that while America may have stumbled, her doors are not closed!
Joint Effort Programs
In preparation for the storm ahead, our nation's military and industrial capabilities must be expanded. We will seek out training exercises for the land, naval, and air forces of New England and a shared industrialisation project with our allies in the Entente. These joint cooperation programmes will strengthen us and seek to improve our ties with our northern Canadian neighbours.
Steal Higgins Blueprints
The future of amphibious invasions will focus on greater coordination between naval and land forces to successfully secure fortified beachheads. To ensure that our troops get to the beaches successfully, we will improve our existing landing crafts. This will ensure that they are sturdy enough to withstand bullets' penetration and operate in terrain such as swamps, allowing our men to hit the beaches safely.
Liberty Ships Dock Project
With war in Europe inevitable, and with the Entente's ambitions to execute the largest naval operation in the history of mankind, the dockyards of New England are working overtime to meet the increasing needs of the alliance. To further boost our output, a centralised construction scheme has been created by the government to guide further expansion of these shipyards.
Electric Boat Contracts
Founded in 1899 by Isaac Rice, the Electric Boat Company helped commission the first submarines of the US Navy. With naval warfare becoming increasingly paramount today, we will sign contract deals with the company to ensure we have the most advanced submarines to harass the enemy from under the waves.
Prefabricated Port Designs
Securing a proper supply line onto the beachhead is vital for the success of our troops in any landing they take part in. Sometimes, we might need to apply a significant amount of force against the defenders of a beach that leaves the port in no fit condition for supplies to land. Our engineers must be capable of working quickly to either repair the existing infrastructure or bring in prefabricated parts to construct a new port for our men.
Improved Supply Lines
As our sea and land forces act more in coordination, we must maintain a rigorous style of organisation to ensure that our troops are well supplied. We will take steps to improve our supply lines to ensure that rations and ammunition get to our men in the field.
Joint Yankee-Canadian Command
Without any major experience in warfare since the Spanish-American war, our command staff is unfortunately behind the curve when engaging in protracted total warfare as seen in the Weltkrieg. With the exiles and Canadian help, we shall form a joint multi-national council to plan how to effectively wage war. While some may view this as us falling beneath the feet of the Canadians, we ought to look towards the benefits of continued cooperation between our two nations!
Gato Class Submarines
Many of our enemies rely on long shipping lines to import vital war materiel to fuel their economy. With modern designs and proper tactics, packs of submarines can be put to use slowly choking out the enemies abilities to manufacture weapons at home. If we can control their access to the world's resources, we shall have a decisive step up in the conflict!
P39 Fighter Program
Bell Aircraft has come to our Air Force with their new aircraft design: the P-39. The aircraft is unusual in how its engine is installed in the centre fuselage and is fitted with a tricycle under cage. The plane is also suited for medium to lower altitudes only. Despite these quirks, the trials have gone well, and our command is eager to adopt the P39 to aid in our growing airpower.
Consolidated PBY Liberators
As our Air Force lacks seaplanes capable of competing with our rivals, the Air Force has approached Consolidated to build a patrol flying boat with increased range and stronger wings than older models. Capable of performing anti-submarine, convoy escort, air-sea rescue, and cargo transport - the plane has performed well in tests. Some variants have been painted black for night operations giving them the nickname of \
Fletcher-Class Destroyers
Named after the admiral Frank Friday Fletcher, this new class of destroyers will be able to stand toe-to-toe with any foreign designs that the enemy may throw at us. With a large increase in firepower, hull strength, and anti-air capabilities, the Fletcher class shall form the lifeline for our fleet. Capable of a broad range of roles, we predict that she will become invaluable at war.
Damage Control
How long can you tread water? Prevent needing to find out by learning all about the latest safety measures being installed across ships in the New England's navy. Great efforts have been undertaken to create and teach our sailors the best way to respond to emergencies in battle and avoid losing a ship to a fire left unhandled.
Modular Ship Design
As our naval production grows, increasing calls are made to design our vessels in a more modular manner. This would help speed up production in the shipyards by allowing workers to specialise in a certain piece that they craft for multiple ships. The secondary benefit is that when new and more advanced weaponry becomes more feasible, we will have an easier time outfitting our ships with modern gear!
Anti-Submarine Warfare
As our sea and land forces act more in coordination, we must maintain a rigorous style of organisation to ensure that our troops are well supplied. We will take steps to improve our supply lines to ensure that rations and ammunition get to our men in the field.
Scouting Cruisers
Some theorists who have studied the British designs are pushing the claims that aircraft are the future in naval combat. Their enhanced manoeuvrability and speed affords them the ability to effectively scout ahead of a fleet to find enemy vessels that may be lying in ambush to surprise a convoy. In an effort to incorporate this design, the Brooklyn class of light cruisers have been built with this factor in mind incorporating multiple plane catapult launchers to help scan the seas!
Dockyards of Democracy
America has long held a proud naval tradition inherited from our former colonial overlords of the United Kingdom. With our borders largely secured by the middle of the 19th century, we turned to the great blue as our domain. At our peak, the wings of the Eagle could spread over ten thousand miles from tip to tip! While the outbreak of the second American civil war tore our great Navy to shambles, we must not forget our legacy and strive to rebuild what was lost.
Remember Appomattox
For the second time within the last century, America has undergone the crucible of civil war. Brother fought against brother and father against son. No corner of America has gone untouched in some form or another in the conflict. Just as Grant allowed the confederacy to return home to their farms, so too have we put out the call for enemy soldiers to return to their homes to begin to heal.
Leniant Policy
Confiscate the Rifles
While some may baulk at this order and rush to the 2nd amendment, these same rifles cut down neighbours' sons and daughters in the deadly conflict. Many of these weapons could become the tools of partisans fighting back against us in the coming months or years.
Firm Policy
A Voice for the Unheard
Even before the horrors of the second American civil war shook the nation, many felt that their voice went unheard by the government. Suspicions and distrust helped fuel the violence that unfolded in 1937. We shall sponsor an initiative to encourage Americans to mail in letters to government officials so that their concerns may be made known.
[GetYear] Labour Standards Act
While the radical rhetoric espoused by Reed and his followers helped tear our nation apart, there is no denying the fact that our nation is in desperate need of labour reform. As we help rebuild the American nation, we will meet with moderate union leaders closer to the right suppressed under the WCA. We will seek their cooperation as we pass legislation to support the American worker.
Labour Standards Act
Expand Education Opportunities
In the new America, everyone will have access to a fair and equal education. No longer will higher education be a privilege for the elite and wealthy only. For those who cannot afford universities and colleges' prices, scholarships and tuition will be offered to students who decide to serve in our military - a repayment of their service and patriotism to the American nation.
Expanded Education Opportunities
Fight Against Jim Crow
We may have fought and won for a unified America, but our nation's struggles are hardly over. Pressure from groups such as the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters led by A. Philip Randolph has petitioned Congress to combat Jim Crow's racial prejudices actively. They have pushed for official legislation to abolish poll taxes and the grandfather clause that hinders African-Americans voting.
Executive Order 9808
Executive Order 9808 created by [NEE.GetLeader] will formally create a committee to examine civil rights conditions in the United States, report on their findings, and submit recommendations for how the government can improve conditions in the United States.
American Reconstruction Act
The second American civil war devastated the country. The full scale of the warfare far exceeded the expectations of many at home. All across the country, factories were bombed, sabotaged, or dismantled as the various warring powers ceded land. The \
American Reconstruction Act
Reverse Over-Militarisation
When the war broke out, many factories across the country hurried to switch production to produce war materiel for the war effort. With the cessation of hostilities at home, the time has come to help factory owners transition back towards civilian products. Those factories are better suited to helping rebuild the country rather than producing rifles and artillery pieces.
Connect the Nation
With the damage inflicted by the war, much of the infrastructure across America is in shambles. Roads that were not in great shape, to begin with, due to the prolonged depression are now often riddled with more than just the occasional pothole. To assist in the rebuilding of war-torn America, we will direct additional funding to rebuild infrastructure.
St. Louis War Memorial
Countless droves of Americans perished in the fires of the second American civil war on all sides. Nowhere is this more evident than the city of St. Louis in the centre of the country. The outbreak of the war saw fierce fighting in the city streets as each faction tried to seize control of the region. Situated on the Mississippi's west bank, a monument shall be erected in remembrance of all the fallen.
War Devastation Relief Agency
The horror of the second American civil war has spared no American citizen. Nearly everyone has lost a brother or sister to the terrible conflict. Many families lost their breadwinners in the war and now wonder how they will provide for themselves. A new agency to organise relief for those devastated by the war is needed.
Southern Extraction Scheme
As we struggle to rebuild the American nation's industrial base, we will turn south to the 
Electrify the Nation
The nation's electrical grid lies utterly dismantled and scarred after the inferno of the civil war. Through the passage of acts such as Executive Order 7037 by the President [NEE.GetLeader], every home in the nation will soon have light and energy from San Francisco to New York City. Not only will we fix the power situation in the cities, but we will also expand the electrification of our country to the rural areas.
Rebuild the Steel Belt
As the syndicalists were forced back, workers fought desperately amidst the industrial steel belt for each and every factory. Many of the large plants now lie in ruins from the conflict. As one of the more resource-rich and well-connected regions of the country, we should seek to rebuild that which was lost. To do so would also likely endear us with the remnants of [WCA.GetNameDef].
End Reconstruction
The past two decades have not been kind to America. Nevertheless, America once more stands tall. With an ever-growing economy and improving societal conditions at home, America is ready once more to take part on the global stage.
All owned states in §CMainland America§! are cores of [NEE.GetNameWithFlag]
All rebel forces have been reconciled/pacified
Fate of the Political Parties
With our victory in the civil war, we must decide how to treat the opposing political parties. Many are quick to point fingers at either the Socialist Party of America or the American First Party as the main instigators of the conflict. Allowing them to run at a local level may be enough of a concession to hardliners. However, banning these parties may invoke protests against how a \
Trials of the General Staff
War hero Mark Clark of the general staff has requested a meeting with [NEE.GetLeader]. He wishes to formalise a hearing to deal with the enemy officers of the rebellious factions. He claims that many of the officers were on the wrong side due to geographical allegiance. Just as Lee could not fight against his home state of Virginia, neither too could many of these officers. Now that America is whole once more, some can be brought back into the army and navy.
Maintain Martial Law
Despite the conclusion of the war, there are still lingering and dissenting elements among the population. In rural areas of the South, loyalists to the Longist cause remain constantly harassing our forces, while in the Midwest, syndicalist rebels continue their acts of terror despite the failure of their revolution. In these turbulent times, we will have to maintain martial law to ensure that our citizens are safe.
Repeal the Posse Comitatus Act
As the nation recovers from the scars of the conflict that tore our country apart, domestic dissidents and terrorists continue to challenge our government. With local law enforcement increasingly unable to deal with the unrest, we will have to invoke the Insurrection Act and repeal the Posse Comitatus Act to suppress the civil disorder that plagues our nation.
Crack Down on Syndicalist Agitation
While [WCA.GetNameDef] officially ceases to exist, the Red Menace still exists in the Steel Belt cities and the forests of Michigan. While these partisans are not a significant threat to our government's legitimacy, our citizens still feel unsafe as these rebel groups launch raids and bombings. We will crack down on them to end these so-called revolutionaries from terrorising our people and country.
Fight the Klan
Despite the defeat of [APG.GetNameDef], many rebel partisan groups still exist in the southern states - refusing to accept our government's authority. Dissident groups like the Ku Klux Klan have been preying on African-Americans and using terror tactics to spread their message of racial hatred. This cannot exist in our democratic society, and if we are indeed to represent and protect the American people, we will crush them.
America Back on the Global Stage
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] has emerged victorious from the trials of the past decade. As economic troubles tore the country apart into a divisive civil war, the people of [NEE.GetNameDef] have endured and risen again as a phoenix out of the ashes! Once more, [NEE.GetNameDef] is free to tidy up the backyard.
Sword and Shield Doctrine
The Royal Navy kept the British Isles and Ireland safe from invasion from hostile land powers. The mighty Napoleonic armies were left without an avenue of attack against the British. So too shall we make an effort to create our own modern wall of steel that acts as both our sword and shield to ensure that no enemy power reaches our shores.
Secure The Borders
Our nation only shares a direct connection with two nations. These are the weakest points in defence of [NEE.GetNameDef] from hostile invaders. Agreements must be reached with our neighbours in [CAN.GetNameDef] and [MEX.GetNameDef] to ensure that America is secure!
Reclaim the Panama Canal
The Panama Canal is a crucial key to organising our navy and power projection. Without control of the isthmus, ships are forced to make the long and dangerous journey through the Magellen Strait or risk the Northern Arctic Passage. It is also one of the finest pinnacles of American engineering!
Revive the Monroe Doctrine
The civil war saw the destruction of the Monroe Doctrine. Many mice came scurrying out to play while the watchful eyes of America were turned inwards. Now that we have recovered, we can now seek to enforce the doctrine once more.
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to request that nations in the §CWestern Hemisphere§! leave their £GFX_pol_idea  §CEuropean§! led faction
Organisation of American States
The Organisation of American States shall be a collection of neutral countries across the Western Hemisphere. One where [NEE.GetNameDef] is both the protector and a guide to the growth of each member.
Inter-American Reciprocal Defense
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] has been blessed as a beacon of learning and innovation. Breakthroughs like the lightbulb and the assembly line to powerful inventions like the aeroplane that have military use, have drawn scientists and inventors to our shores to expand the world's knowledge. Now we must offer our knowledge to those within our sphere for the common good of the peoples of the Western Hemisphere.
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invite nations in our sphere into the £GFX_research_icon  §CInter-American Defense College§!
American Officer Training
While the second American civil war was devastating, the lessons learned by the general staff have greatly expanded the abilities of our officer corps. We can begin to offer programs to nations within our sphere to train their officers in the lessons learned from the second American civil war to better defend their countries.
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to offer nations in our sphere access to £GFX_manpower_texticon  §CAmerican Officer Training§!
Dollar Diplomacy
As the economy continues to recover from the devastation of the Great Depression and the second American civil war, our industrialists have started to collect the resources needed to resume making overseas ventures. With the power of the dollar, perhaps we can crack the tight grips of dictators enslaving the peoples of the Western Hemisphere.
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to influence £GFX_crypto_defense  §aAuthoritarian§! nations in the §CWestern Hemisphere§!
American Recovery and Aid Program
The American Recovery and Aid Program enacted by congress, has become popular due to [NEE.GetLeader] making frequent radio broadcasts to the nation to encourage citizens to write in to their representatives urging them to enact this piece of legislation. The American Recovery and Aid Program allows the government to invest large sums of money and resources to develop nations in the Western Hemisphere.
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invest in the growth of the £GFX_prod_eff_cap  §GEconomy§! of nations in our sphere
The American Hemisphere
The final conclusion to be drawn from the Monroe Doctrine is that President Monroe was claiming the mantle of responsibility for the well-being of the entire Western Hemisphere. It falls to us in the current time to ensure that she is free of parasites who devour their people. Tyrants and Socialists can not be allowed to oppress the people of the Americas!
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to deliver an ultimatum demanding a regime change to £GFX_production_texticon §RSocialist§! nations in the §CWestern Hemisphere§!
The Old Order
After nearly two decades in exile, the Entente has finally returned home. The menace of syndicalism has been crushed, and once again, the old French and British governments have returned to their rightful homelands. The lights of London and Paris will glow once more, and the darkness of the past will fade away. A new world order will begin, one that sees the return of the old world.
American Reconstruction Crews
Much of Europe lies ravaged by the great wars - an unfortunate consequence of the liberation. With the strength of the rebuilt American industry and our own expertise in rebuilding, we will send reconstruction crews to our European allies to aid in rebuilding their nations. The grand European capitals and cities will be rebuilt in no time, thanks to the power of American ingenuity and skill!
Invest in [RAJ.GetNameDef]
Utterly devastated by the three-way civil war on the Indian subcontinent, the economy of the Dominion of India lies in ruins. To strengthen our Entente ties and reap the benefits of having access to foreign markets - we will encourage American investors and businesses to bring American goods and investment to India. To our new partners in the Raj!
British Reconstruction Loans
The British nation has suffered heavily due to their civil war - the Syndicalists fought fanatically in the final days of the war. Each day we receive grim reports of rampant disorder, homelessness, and poverty that have struck the Home Isles since the return of the Exiles. To aid our brave English allies, we will provide loans to assist their burdensome but necessary reconstruction. In time, the Home Isles will be rebuilt greater than ever!
The First Ally
In 1778, the French nation aided our fledgling revolution against the British, our country's ties with France will never be forgotten, and their sacrifices were never forgotten. Now with the French nation reeling from their own terrible civil war and years of syndicalist rule, we will have to return the favour. We will organise a large sum of money and equipment to be shipped over to the Atlantic to help aid our first ally in their desperate time of need.
Heal the Italian Scars
Many Italian-Americans who reside in New England sympathise with the plight of their family and friends in their mother country of Italy - poorly recovering from their second civil war in recent history. To aid their reconstruction, we will send well-trained construction repair crews as well as shipments of food and equipment to assist in the rebuilding of their shattered cities and towns.
Bread and Roses
While we commend the Entente for their undying patriotism and determination in reclaiming their countries from the threat of syndicalism, it would appear that not all of their citizens see them as such. To aid in their reconstruction and help the French and British re-earn this trust, we will offer supplies and food shipments to their respective nations to heal the scars of war.
Form International Trade Organisation
To establish a more accessible and peaceful trade network with the democratic world, we will push for an international trade bloc to unite all the free nations. Led by the strength of the vibrant and restored American industry and economy, our trade organisation will unite every continent together and ensure that all will partake in free trade. Only together can we make the world an orderly, free, and peaceful one.
Bring in the Commonwealth
With our trade bloc firmly established, we will have to seek members eager to join us in global free trade. Let us look to the nations of the Commonwealth as potential new members in our organisation. The International Trade Organisation will unite the globe!
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invite §CCommonwealth Nations§! to join the £GFX_capital  §GInternational Trade Organisation§!!
Allies Not Forgotten
We will never forget the material and economic aid bestowed upon us in our darkest days from the Entente Alliance. Now that our strength is entirely rebuilt, we will repay this debt to our allies by inviting them formally into the International Trade Organisation.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invite §CEntente Members§! to join the £GFX_capital  §GInternational Trade Organisation§!!
Reach out to the Peripheries
The International Trade Organisation aims to unite all the free and democratic nations of the world, even those that are not involved in factions. To the countries that have chosen a path of neutrality, we will invite them formally into our trade bloc. Together we will prosper!
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invite §CNeutral Nations§! to join the £GFX_capital  §GInternational Trade Organisation§!!
Take Leadership of the Entente
The [NEE.GetName] has achieved a remarkable recovery from the destruction of the Second American Civil War and has proven itself to be a more than capable military and economic power. With our renewed military strength and blessing from the Canadian and British governments, we will take up leadership of the Entente to safeguard democracy from tyranny and oppression. This will be the start of a new century, not Europe but the beginning of the American era.
Turn to the Pacific
With our hold of the continental United States secured, it is time to restore America's pre-war role in ensuring that control of the Pacific does not fall into the hands of belligerent nations. Thanks to the help of our restored navy, we will guard the mighty seas and let Asia know that we are back and stronger than before.
The Gate Between the Oceans
In 1914, our great construction project was finally completed, connecting the great Atlantic and Pacific Oceans and ensuring American dominance of the waves. Due to the fallout of the Civil War, we could not retain control of this essential passage. To strengthen our security and rebuild our maritime trade, we will seek to return the Panama Canal to American hands.
Form The San Francisco Accord
To encourage greater cooperation between the nations of the Pacific under the leadership of [NEE.GetNameDef], we will form a cooperative research pact based in San Francisco. We will invite the nations of Southeast Asia to join in our cooperative so that together we will grow stronger through the sharing of research and assure the continuation of democratic ideas throughout the Pacific.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invite §CAsian Nations§! to join the £GFX_research_icon  §GSan Francisco Accords§! economic sphere!
American Industrial Aid
The might of America's industry should be shared with the rest of the world. As much of Asia still lags behind in terms of industrialisation compared to our country, we will send over advisors and financial investments to aid in the continued growth and development of the Asian nations. Not only will this help their production but it will also encourage their trust in democracy.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to invest in §CAccord Nations§!!
Joint Relief Commission
Much of Asia lies ravaged by years of colonialism, warlords, famine, and outright civil war. The American people cannot stand by idly and watch these people agonise. The American Red Cross will help organise the Joint Relief Commission to ensure that American medical and humanitarian aid helps the suffering people of the Pacific nations.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to send £GFX_population_texticon  §GHumanitarian Relief§! to §CAsian Nations§!
Protect East Asian Interests
The nations and peoples of Asia will fall victim to rampant and unrestrained imperialism without the support of [NEE.GetNameDef] as the guardian of the Pacific. To ensure that Asia remains democratic and free, we will offer our complete support in protecting these nations from the ever greedy hands of imperialist and militant nations.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to send £GFX_counter_intelligence  §GGuarantees§! to §CDemocratic Asian Nations§!
Expand American Influence
In our country's absence from Asian affairs due to the outbreak of the civil war, the Empires of Japan and Germany took advantage of our weakness to pervade and exploit weaker Asian nations. Now that we are back, we will seek out nations struggling to resist their influence in the hopes of rebuilding our influence and power in the greater Pacific region.
This will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to £GFX_pol_idea  §GInfluence§! neutral nations in §CAsia§!
Rebuild Asiatic Fleet Presence
Before the Civil War, the Asiatic Fleet established in 1902 remained a darling of the United States Navy, helping to ensure the safety and security of the American interests in the Chinese seas and beyond. If we intend to protect freedom on the Asian seas, we will need to have a powerful naval force at our disposal to safeguard and protect democracy in Asia.
Mobile Airfields
The age of heavily armoured dreadnoughts and their incredible firepower are long behind. They cannot replicate the power projection that aircraft carriers can provide, giving naval bombers the ability to strike vessels from miles away. Advocates of this new form of naval aviation support like Richmond K. Turner from the Naval War College has pushed our Navy to feature an increased integration of carriers into our fleets and naval doctrine.
Expand the Seabees
As we begin to re-establish our presence in the Pacific, the logistics of having a presence across the world is truly daunting. In order to project American power farther away, we will tap into America's skilled labour force to organise construction on the frontlines. We will begin to advertise further enlistment and awareness of the programme to gain the help of volunteers across the country.
Auxiliary Floating Drydocks
Capable of submerging underwater, floating drydocks supported by ballast pontoon tanks can be placed beneath ships in need of repair below the waterline. As our naval armada grows larger, we will have to construct additional floating drydocks to ensure that our ships will have reduced travel time for repair work as well as opportunities for continuous repair.
The Pacific Territories
Our territories in the Pacific abandoned the Union during the great civil war - removing our access and facilities of the great sea. With the war's conclusion and our strength rebuilt, we will offer them re-entry into the Union to regain our sphere of influence in the islands of Paradise.
The Pearl of the Orient
Our long held belief that civilisation and democracy will come to the islands of the Philippines has finally bore fruit. With a firm democratic ally in the South China Sea, the Filipino-American ties will only grow to form a bulwark against reactionary imperialism and socialist agitation!
Pacific Campaign Planning
A war in the Pacific will involve an enemy holding a chain of fortified islands, and to take them all in one campaign would be an expensive and exhausting campaign. Many in the Navy and Military are advocating for a \
Secure American Pacific Supremacy
The militarists and imperialists showed their true colours when they seized our islands during the civil war and challenged our integrity in maintaining peace in the Pacific. As long as unrestrained authoritarianism and socialist agitation exists in the Pacific, they will threaten the independence of all the peoples of the Pacific region. As the leader of the free world, it is our duty to free them from the shackles of their despotic leaders
International Trade Organisation
The days of mercantilism and protectionism are long over. America's reinvigorated industrial and military strength means that we act as the world guardian for democracy and freedom. After being ratified by Congress, the International Trade Organisation (ITO) was formed to unite the world under free trade and cooperation. The ITO plans to negotiate the reduction or removal of harmful import tariffs or other trade barriers, administer and monitor the agreed-upon treaties for trade, settle disputes among member nations of the ITO, encourage the prosperity of developing countries, and conduct economic research. The ITO's founding principles reflect its commitment to free international trade, contribution to global development, and transparency. The opening of national markets to international trade, with justifiable exceptions or with adequate flexibilities, will encourage sustainable development, reduce poverty, raise the welfare of people worldwide, and foster peace and stability.
Automatically invite Faction Members to the ITO
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the ITO
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the ITO
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the ITO
Inviting another nation to the International Trade Organisation
As long as we have more than §G30§! £pol_power  §YPolitical Power§!:\n--
Automatic invites will cease unless we have more than §G30§! £pol_power  §YPolitical Power§! when this ends:\n--\n§gCurrently [?NEE.political_power|0]/30§!
San Francisco Accords
The Pacific Ocean is the world's greatest sea, home to many nations and peoples and limitless natural resources. As the world descended into flames, the great ocean will need a protector to guarantee the preservation of democracy and the independence of the free peoples of Asia. With our nation rebuilt and our industries returning to full capacity, we will seek to expand our influence and build new ties with the Asian-Pacific countries to ensure they remain committed to democracy and freedom. Under American leadership, the Pacific will be a bastion of liberty - free from the aggression of foreign powers who seek to destabilise the region.
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the Accords
Invest in [FROM.GetNameDef]
Send Humanitarian Aid to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Guarantee the Independence of [FROM.GetNameDef]
Seek to Influence [FROM.GetNameDef]
Show Supremacy over [FROM.GetNameDef]
Restake our claim on Guam
This focus will unlock £GFX_decision_icon_small §Ydecisions§! to ensure American supremacy over §Rhostile§! nations in §cSoutheast Asia§!
Inviting another country to the San Francisco Accords
Investing in another country
Sending medical relief to another country
Guaranteeing the independence of another country
Enticing another country to accept American influence
Congress
With the restoration of American democracy, the flames of liberty are lit once more in the halls of Congress. Nonetheless, to keep a stable Congress and to ensure our citizens' faith in the legislative branch, we must be sure that both political parties feel that they have an equal voice in national policy. Favouring one party's programs over the other will reduce the amount of £pol_power §YPolitical Power§! that we gain each day. Much of what is to be accomplished by the Congress will aim to rebuild and revitalise America's industry and society from the immense devastation and loss caused by the civil war. As political tensions still remain high and differences strong between delegates, one must pay heed to the words of the great former President Lincoln \
Pursuing this policy will cause a breakdown in relations between the parties
The §lDemocratic Party§! will provide §Y20%§! of the political power given if they were in power
The §mRepublican Party§! will provide §Y20%§! of the political power given if they were in power
[GetYear] Research Grant
In order to maintain our edge, we must devote funding into our research and development!
[GetYear] Mineral Requisition Program
America is home to a vast amount of resources. With increased funding, the bounties of the earth can be ours!
Unite the Party
A house divided against itself cannot stand! To ensure a continutation of effective rule, the party must come together to act as one!
§lDistribute Relief Funds§!
Much of the country still lies in poverty despite ongoing reconstruction efforts. With the aid of the federal government, this act will ensure a round of stimulus packages designed to help the struggling American family in these difficult times.
§lRegulate Industrial Business§!
As our industry begins to revitalise itself, we will have to ensure that our factories adhere to the same standards and norms. This act will institute federal factory regulations to ensure the continued efficiency of the American industrial machine.
§lRestrict Private Factory Police§!
The ability for factory owners to control their own private police force is highly undemocratic and such a practice should be eradicated from our country. This act will seek to abolish private factory police - giving workers the ability to operate freely without being suppressed by private thugs.
§lExpand State College Funding§!
A large percentage of the nation's students and teachers went off to war in the American Civil War - greatly hurting our educational sectors. Now that we are recovering from the great calamity, we will begin to improve funding for American colleges - ensuring that American higher education will be recognised as one of the best in the world.
Factory Regulation
§lExpand Public Transit§!
With most of the nation's infrastructure torn to pieces in the civil war, public transportation is essentially a shell of its pre-war self. This act will encourage the improvement and development of public transportation across the nation - giving Americans the rides they need whether it be for work or pleasure.
§lContinue the WPA§!
Continued WPA Projects
During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration played a role in its ambitious employment and infrastructure programme that provided Americans with jobs. Now that veterans are returning back home and the nation begins to recover as a whole, we will reinstate WPA programs to provide American citizens with jobs while also developing our own infrastructure!
§lFair Employment Practices§!
All American citizens should have an equal opportunity to seek employment. In a competition driven economy such as the United States, some businesses have used unfair employment practices to discriminate against potential applicants. Under this new law, we will ensure that every American has an equal chance at seeking employment regardless of creed or colour.
§lSupport Labour Unions§!
The right to organise in a labour union while discouraged by conservatives, is the right of every American. This act will protect and strengthen union members by giving them the right to organise and engage in protected activities to improve working conditions.
Encouraged Union Membership
§lImplement Tax Reform§!
In order to pursue greater economic equality, the new Revenue Act will raise federal income tax on higher income levels. While this may attract opposition from the more wealthy, proponents of this act hope to increase the nation's annual revenue.
§lSmall Scale Work Projects§!
To increase employment rates and the country's productivity, this act will create small-scale work projects on a local level to develop the more rural area of the country. Proponents of this act hope the development of the agrarian side of the country will earn us the common man's support and improve their quality of life.
§lFight Domestic Socialism§!
Syndicalist agents and agitators lie in the dark everywhere, and as long as they exist, they pose a threat to American society. This new act will criminalise those who declare loyalty or intention to join syndicalist-leaning unions and groups to help shut down the red menace.
§lNationwide Infrastructure Projects§!
As the nation heads towards a full post-war recovery, there are still plenty of Americans who are seeking work. Not only will the passage of this act ensure a rise in employment but we will also be able to develop our national infrastructure - thus connecting our nation further.
§mImprove State Funding For Schools§!
As a result of the civil war and the wars abroad, thousands of American children were left teacherless and schools found themselves simply inadequate enough to be effective due to a lack of resources. This new act will increase state funding for schooling, ensuring a new generation of American students eager to learn from effective instructors.
State Funded Schooling
As a result of the civil war and the wars abroad, thousands of American children were left teacherless and schools found themselves simply inadequate enough to be effective due to a lack of resources. This new act will increase state funding for schooling, ensuring a new generation of American students eager to learn from effective instructors.
§mReinstate Old-Age Benefit Payments§!
During the economic crisis of the Great Depression, the plight of the elderly became a major concern as there were few benefits that protected them. Citing the successes of the benefit programs during the Depression, this act will help reinstate payments for the elderly of the country.
§mDevelop Rural Regions§!
Large parts of the South and the Midwest still remain heavily rural even before the civil war. In order to improve productivity in the agricultural sector, this act will provide credit and resources necessary to develop our rural areas.
§mInfrastructure Projects§!
As the nation begins the long process of rebuilding and reconciliation, we can also use this time to develop America's infrastructure. Old dirt roads will soon be replaced by paved roads and we will extend and develop highways to improve America's infrastructure. American roads and highways will be the envy of all nations!
§mCrack Down Against Strikes§!
While the war against Syndicalism in America may have been won, there are still radicals who will use dangerous methods such as strikes to destabilise our economy and our nation. In order to ensure a speedy post-war recovery, we will make sure that strikes do not go out of hand by passing legislation that allows us to crack down on them.
§mReorganise Bank Commissions§!
Reorganised Bank Commissions
As part of our continued bank reform, this act will expand the powers of the federal reserve to a board based in our nation's capital. Not only will this act reorganise the leadership of the federal reserve but it will also clarify and codify reserve's relationship with the federal government.
§mRegulate Labour Strikes§!
Regulated Strikes
While we support the right of American workers to strike, we must also be careful that they do not become a dangerous threat to society and order. This act will place a federal limit on the number of strikers to prevent American workers from becoming radicalised.
§mCompensation to Veterans§!
We owe the civil war veterans an outstanding debt; many of them willingly enlisted due to their patriotic fever. As our veterans struggle to readjust to civilian life, we should make efforts to alleviate their suffering. Passage of this act will ensure housing and a government pension for those who served our country.
§mAlcohol Protection Act§!
As veterans return home from fighting abroad, many turn to alcohol as an escape, yet this can develop into a breakdown of the home if they start to value the bottle over their loved ones. This new act will help support programs like Alcoholics Anonymous to create conditions favourable to healing the brokeness of these people.
§mImprove Roadways§!
Much of the national roadways lies in ruins due to the effects of the civil war. While aim to rebuild our roads to their pre-war standards, this legislation will allow us to develop and modernise national and local infrastructures.
§mSwords to Plowshares§!
As the war effort on the home front winds down, let us take steps to ensure a smooth transition back into a civilian economy. This act will see to it that military factories begin converting their production to civilian goods.
Unite the Legislature
This will lower the cost of the £GFX_decision_icon_small §YParty Congress§! decisions by £GFX_pol_power §G5§! !
Currently discussing a motion in £GFX_pol_power  Congress
Formation of New England
As chaos continues to engulf the country and the nation has dissolved into a state of civil war, the states of the American Northeast found themselves trapped between the ensuing factions of the coming great war. Desperately seeking neutrality, it appears that they have made their decision to remain non-aligned in America's second great civil war by requesting that the Canadian government move into New England with military force.\n\nIn a blatant violation of America's territorial boundaries, the hobbled British Lion has marched into the United States for the third time. While the civil war factions are opposed to any forms of reconciliation, excluding unconditional surrender, all share a shared feeling of disbelief and outrage. As Canadian soldiers patrol the border between New England and the former United States, large groups of American refugees attempt to cross the border with what little possessions they have. Many across the country dismissed the Northeastern state as a Canadian puppet, but that may not be the case. According to an official statement made by Wilbur Cross, who has been appointed president of the Provisional Government of New England, the so-called provisional government plans to hold its formal and legitimate presidential election in the coming days - perhaps signifying New England's claim and legitimacy as a successor to the former United States.
As chaos continues to engulf the country and the nation has dissolved into a state of civil war, the states of the American Northeast found themselves trapped between the ensuing factions of the coming great war. Desperately seeking neutrality, it appears that they have made their decision to remain non-aligned in America's second great civil war by requesting that the Canadian government move into New England with military force.\n\nIn a blatant violation of America's territorial boundaries, the hobbled British Lion has marched into the United States for the third time. While the civil war factions are opposed to any forms of reconciliation, excluding unconditional surrender, all share a shared feeling of disbelief and outrage. As Canadian soldiers patrol the border between New England and the former United States, large groups of American refugees attempt to cross the border with what little possessions they have. Many across the country dismissed the Northeastern state as a Canadian puppet, but that may not be the case. According to an official statement made by Wilbur Cross, who has been appointed president of the Provisional Government of New England, the so-called provisional government plans to hold its formal and legitimate presidential election in the coming days - perhaps signifying New England's claim and legitimacy as a successor to the former United States.
As chaos continues to engulf the country and the nation has dissolved into a state of civil war, the states of the American Northeast found themselves trapped between the ensuing factions of the coming great war. Desperately seeking neutrality, it appears that they have made their decision to remain non-aligned in America's second great civil war by requesting that the Canadian government move into New England with military force.\n\nIn a blatant violation of America's territorial boundaries, the hobbled British Lion has marched into the United States for the third time. While the civil war factions are opposed to any forms of reconciliation, excluding unconditional surrender, all share a shared feeling of disbelief and outrage. As Canadian soldiers patrol the border between New England and the former United States, large groups of American refugees attempt to cross the border with what little possessions they have. Many across the country dismissed the Northeastern state as a Canadian puppet, but that may not be the case. According to an official statement made by Wilbur Cross, who has been appointed president of the Provisional Government of New England, the so-called provisional government plans to hold its formal and legitimate presidential election in the coming days - perhaps signifying New England's claim and legitimacy as a successor to the former United States.
As chaos continues to engulf the country and the nation has dissolved into a state of civil war, the states of the American Northeast found themselves trapped between the ensuing factions of the coming great war. Desperately seeking neutrality, it appears that they have made their decision to remain non-aligned in America's second great civil war by requesting that the Canadian government move into New England with military force.\n\nIn a blatant violation of America's territorial boundaries, the hobbled British Lion has marched into the United States for the third time. While the civil war factions are opposed to any forms of reconciliation, excluding unconditional surrender, all share a shared feeling of disbelief and outrage. As Canadian soldiers patrol the border between New England and the former United States, large groups of American refugees attempt to cross the border with what little possessions they have. Many across the country dismissed the Northeastern state as a Canadian puppet, but that may not be the case. According to an official statement made by Wilbur Cross, who has been appointed president of the Provisional Government of New England, the so-called provisional government plans to hold its formal and legitimate presidential election in the coming days - perhaps signifying New England's claim and legitimacy as a successor to the former United States.
Very well.
(Play as New England)
Canada Moves Into New England
The New England region has been beset by syndicalist militia violence, to the point that the governors in the region - worried at the prospect of being overrun by [WCA.GetNameDef] and unwilling to wait for the Federal government to restore order - have requested that [CAN.GetNameDef] intervene with its forces to restore order. The Canadian government has sent us notification of their intent, and has stressed that they only wish to safeguard the lives of innocents and that they will discuss the matter further with the American government once peace has been restored. While some in the [Root.GetAdjective] cabinet feel the Canadians have violated our sovereignty, there is little we can do about it at the moment.
We will deal with this later
Terror in New England
New England has been besieged by syndicalist militia violence, and the governors in the region are terrified that the Federal government won't be able to prevent a rapid takeover of the entire region. Apparently they went so far as to formally request an intervention by [CAN.GetNameDef], but the Canadian government has declined to get involved... at least as of yet. As a result, militia groups in Boston are rapidly mobilising to try and organise a proper defence of the area.
We'll help as much as we're able
The Question of New England
Now that we have intervened in New England, a number of Canadian ministers have met with leaders from those states regarding how best to keep order. The states have suggested setting up a provisional government for the region, one that would - at least initially - be under our control and brought into the Entente alliance. Some members of the government, however, have suggested it would be better if we simply occupied and adminstered the territory ourselves. Americans, they say, can sometimes be of suspect loyalty - grateful or not, their goals may not mirror our own.
Set up the provisional government.
Set up the provisional government. (Play as New England)
Continue with the military occupation.
The Provisional Government of New England
Thanks to our allies in Canada, we have set up a provisional government in Boston as we prepare to liberate the rest of our country. Unfortunately, not many people both in and out of the states in New England believe that we are the true and legitimate America, and we must rectify this problem.
Don't tread on me!
New England Demands Home Rule
The New England provisional government, now that it has established its military and structure, has demanded that it be granted home rule. Some members of the Canadian government are taken aback by the tone of the demand, seeing as the Canadian government is what enabled New Englanders to avoid the chaos rampant in the rest of America, though others (perhaps rightly) point out that unless Canada's ambition is to govern Americans as colonial subjects there is no reason not to give New England what it seeks.
Grant them home rule.
No, they are too valuable.
Canada Agrees
The Canadian government has responded to our demand in the affirmative. They are ready to relinquish all control over our government apparatus, and have expressed willingness to work with us as equal partners in the Entente alliance.
We are grateful.
Canada Refuses
Perhaps deciding that we are too valuable an asset in their quest to retake the Home Isles, or perhaps secretly coveting New England's territory as their own, the Canadian government has refused to grant New England home rule. We are, at least for the foreseeable future, their subject... something which has provided a serious blow to our government's legitimacy.
This is an outrage!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Declares Independence
Chafing ever since we refused them home rule, the New England government has finally declared its independence, abandoning our alliance entirely.
So be it.
No, this cannot be allowed!
Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act of [GetYear]
In preparation for New England's entry into the great civil war, all useful and strategic resources need to be utilised to aid in the war effort. The enemy possesses a far greater industrial base than us and without the necessary steps, New England will be unable to produce the armaments and materials needed to win a modern total war.\n\nTherefore, Congress today has passed the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act of [GetYear]. The act is a federal law that will establish strategic materials supply reserves for the New England common defence, industrial demands, and military commitments. Signed into law by President [NEE.GetLeader], the act will see to it that large quantities of strategic materials from the mighty mills and factories to the average household's backyards will be collected and used to serve New England in America's darkest hour.
Everyone can do their part!
The Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul
Faith and religion have long been keystone ideas in New England. While some questioned whether or not that would remain true as the nation descended into chaos with the outbreak of the second civil war - it appears that even in times of crisis, the New England faith remains as true as ever! After years of construction, the second largest church in New England was finally dedicated to the great happiness and satisfaction of Lewiston's French-Canadian population.\n\nDuring the mid 19th century, Lewiston experienced an influx of French-Canadians who came to work at the local textile mills. These Catholic migrants desired a place for worship, and for a time, the parishioners worshipped in the basement of St. Joseph's Church. Because of the large number of French-speaking parishioners, the weekly mass was moved to the nave of St. John's in 1870. But the number of parishioners simply outgrew the nave, and thus the construction for a new church began with the cornerstone of St. Peter's set in 1872. In 1881, the Dominican Fathers of Lille, France, and Quebec took over the administration of the church, and by 1889, the parish was known as S. Pierre S. Paul de Lewiston, Maine. By 1905, the parishioners numbered 10,000, and the splitting of the parish from 1907 and 1923 led to further delays on the project. Serious work on the project resumed in 1933 despite the ongoing Great Depression, and finally, it was completed in July of 1936.\n\nIts completion finished, now the church has finally been dedicated by the Diocese of Portland. The church's two organs, both made by Casavant Frères, a Canadian organ building company in Quebec, were also dedicated this year. Not only does the completion of the church reaffirm New England's traditional values of piety and religious freedom, but it also reflects the growing ties of the French-Canadians to their adoptive country.
Look forward to seeing you this Sunday!
Supreme Court strikes down Labour case
The right to free speech has always been a pillar of American democracy. While strikes and protests characterised much of the early 1930s, the government hardly cracked down on these acts of disobedience unless they grew violent. One of the techniques utilised by strikers would be the \
A devastating blow to the worker's plight
A Monument to the Heroes of Baseball
While not much of old America remains due to the great calamity that tore apart the nation, from Manhattan to San Francisco, one thing remains true of all Americans - the love and appreciation of baseball. With an origin at the end of the first civil war, baseball has remained a long-time American tradition - dramatically escalating in popularity during the first twenty years of the 20th century.\n\nDespite the drone of military aircraft in the skies, baseball is still a popular pastime for people of all ages across the country, especially in New England. The New Englander philanthropist and businessman Stephen Carlton Clark is a great fan of the sport and aims to honour those who have shown excellence worthy of memorial. A native of Cooperstown in New York, Clark was pained to see the city struggle throughout the Great Depression and sought to increase the town's revenues by upgrading its cultural institutions. Designed to be a future pantheon of all baseball heroes, old and new - the hall had its most recent inductees, the class of 1936. In this roster are Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Honus Wagner, Christy Mathewson, and Walter Johnson. While the museum has recently just opened, fans are already pushing for their idols to be featured - proof of America's consistent love for the beloved sport even as the future for the American nation still remains uncertain.
Play Ball!
Tragedy on the New York Central
A large explosion attracted many curious onlookers from Little Falls as they stumbled upon the wreckage of a derailed train. A survivor's account stated that the reason for the derailment was due to the sharp curve named the Gulf Curve. The train operator, 65 years old Jesse H Earl was running behind schedule due to the weather and a faulty engine. Hoping to make up time, he kept the train moving at too great a speed to safely pass along the curve. Such a shortcut would ultimately cost 30 passengers their lives as well as his own, just one month before he was scheduled to retire.
Our rails should be safer!
New Hampshire experiences an Earthquake
On December 24th, residents in Ossipee awoke to the ground trembling and even their stoves shifting. Earthquakes are not quite common in New Hampshire, although there were two strong earthquakes throughout its history during the 17th century.\n\nThe earthquake followed that of an earlier one on December 20th, and both of these earthquakes measured at a magnitude of 5.5 and maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (powerful). The earthquake lacked the destruction and size of the infamous 1906 one in San Francisco, but there were still damages to fix following its arrival. There were reports of fractured pipes, walls, and furniture, as well as fallen plaster near the epicentre. The earthquake caused damage to wells, turning the water brown, and even caused monuments in cemeteries to shift and an old house to move nearly 12 inches. Response teams were sent quickly to assess the damage, and thankfully the damages have proven to be just waves of minor damage.
Mother Nature finds a way.
United Service Organisation Formed
Morale has always been an essential factor in the art of war. There is no secret that New England is indeed a 
We're fighting for the right America!
Captain America Comics hit the shelves!
In the chaos of the siege of New York City, cartoonist Joe Simon and Jack Kirby fled to Joe's hometown in Rochester, New York — hoping to escape the syndicalist red terror. Eager to aid young readers to enlist- Simon and Kirby brought their comic book creation \
Just a kid from Brooklyn
Daniel Beard Dies
On June 11th, 1941, Daniel Carter Beard, founder of the Sons of Daniel Boone, which merged with the Boy Scouts of America, passed away.\nBorn in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1850 into a family of artists, Beard explored the woods of Painesville at a young age - making sure to take good notes and sketches of nature. An illustrator of the great American author Mark Twain, Beard eventually rose to the editor for the \
Memento Mori.
RCAF Airplane crashes into lake in northern Vermont
It was just like any other summer night for the citizens of Newport on this August evening. A single-engine Royal Canadian Air Force training plane flew overhead, nothing out of the ordinary given the ties and proximity between New England and Canada. Suddenly, the plane began to spiral out of control, diving nose first into a lake on the west shore. Concerned citizens rushed to the wreck but to no avail, the lone occupant of the plane had been killed in what appeared to have been an accident.\n\nThe pilot was Willie McKnight, a 23 year old pilot for the RCAF. Born in Edmonton, Willie was known for his notorious rebellious streak, proving to teachers that despite his athletic prowess - he was known for causing trouble. His cockiness persisting into University, McKnight signed up for the RCAF to partake in the retaking of the Home Isles by the Entente government. His aircraft in combat bore a distinctive human skeleton image carrying a sickle in its hands under the cockpit, on both sides of the aircraft - a memento mori for all his opponents but perhaps even an ironic joke at his syndicalist enemies. Nonetheless, despite McKnight's spectacular record of 17 victories it appears that fate does not favour the young pilot.
Such a tragedy.
Lackawanna Train Wreck
On a warm summer evening in August, the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Railroad's New York to Buffalo passenger train suffered a severe accident when it collided with a freight train. Carrying 500 passengers from Hoboken, New Jersey, the train left Binghamton, New York, 30 minutes behind schedule while the freight train was traveling from Elmira to Mount Morris. The freight train had backed into a siding to allow the passenger train to pass, but then it moved back onto the mainline while switching cars. The freight train had ignored a stop signal and had moved onto the track of the passenger train. At 17:22 p.m, the passenger train sideswiped the freight train's engine and derailed with the locomotive of the freight train scraping the sides of several cars. The resulting impact tore open the side of the car, and boiler steam from the freight engine filled into the coach.\n\nMany people found themselves frantically trapped in the coach, and some could escape by breaking windows. All but one of the 29 fatalities were caused by internal or external scalding of the boiler steam. Thanks to the rapid response by a local sheriff, first responders were able to deploy rapidly to the scene, including firemen and the medical services. Many of the passengers on the train were army servicemen, and thus they formed a little police unit to keep spectators and onlookers away until sufficient policemen had arrived. Around 114 people were injured, with nearly 56 requiring hospitalisation. An official inquiry from the Interstate Commerce Commission and the New York Public Service Commission declared the incident to have been an accident, although the DL and W railroad had to install derailing devices as an added safety measure.
An absolute tragedy!
The BEANO Grenade
While most of our soldiers are accustomed to the traditional MK II grenades, our military staff received an exciting proposition from none other than the Eastman Kodak Corporation based in Rochester, New York. The BEANO \
These aren't the grenades we are looking for.
Xerography Breakthrough
An exciting development made in the field of printing, a man named Chester Carlson has approached numerous businesses with his successful patent - a technique of dry photocopying that he has given the name \
But will the Army buy it?
Town Line Rejoins the Union
The tiny hamlet of Town Line in Erie County, New York, has long claimed to have seceded from the United States. With the great conflict upon New England, on a ceremonious occasion, Town Line has officially declared their re-entry into New England in the sense of unity and commonwealth - to declare their support to the New Englander war effort.\n\nThe tale of secession takes place during the first American civil war. In 1861, the men of the hamlet gathered at an informal meeting at a schoolhouse and passed an 85-40 resolution to secede from the United States. While the reasons for the vote are unknown, some have pointed out that Town Line's residents were motivated due to their willingness to avoid the military draft. Nonetheless, because Town Line was never an incorporated municipal entity and had no well-defined borders, the Confederacy and the Union did not recognise secession. Now, the residents have decided to ceremoniously vote once more, and this time, with 90 votes to 23, Town Line has rescinded their 1861 secession.
About damn time.
And to think that I saw on Mulberry Street
A new book may soon be in the hands of New Englander school children, although its publication has been indeed troubled. Rejected by nearly 20 publishers, \
The kids will love it!
Captain Courageous
Amidst the civil war tensions, the New England film company has been busy at work with none other than a hit at the box office with \
Someone pass me a tissue...
Bette Davis
A New England native and an increasingly prominent figure on the New England screen is none other than Bette Davis. Born Ruth Elizabeth Davis in Lowell, Massachusetts, 
She did it the hard way.
The Conclusion of the Remington Rand Strike
Since May of 1936, the CIO has been helping a union in the towns of Tonawanda, Ilion, and Syracuse strike against the Remington Rand company. Inspired by the syndicalist strikes across the steel belts, the workers reached the pinnacle of their anger when the company began spreading rumours that they would be bought by a firm that would not recognise the union. After the union threatened a strike, the company distributed its own strike ballots, which led to anger as union members seized and destroyed company ballots while also intimidating managers.\n\nSpurred on by the radical rhetoric of John Reed and his SPA, the union members became increasingly violent as the protests escalated. Local police and private security forces were called up by Remington Rand on numerous occasions to break up the strikers. As the frustration of the strikers grew, so did their tactics. Emboldened by Red Guard militias, strikers had begun to create homemade bombs and hurl large iron balls at the police. Blood has been shed, as some of the strikers have even been shot by the police.\n\nWith no compromise in view, an obvious choice would be to send in the National Guard. Putting down the strikers and regaining the police force's discipline would ensure that this rabble would finally be dealt with. However, some stress that this may only fuel more tensions among our workers. The Syndicalists are right on our border, and they will no doubt capitalise on this strike to further paralyse our nation. Instead, they suggest that we approach the strikers in negotiation - this will also help us earn the trust of the striking workers.
Call in the National Guard
We can be reasonable.
Fallout of the Remington Rand Strike
The initial arrival of the first of the National Guardsmen alarmed the strikers. The protestors who had been growing more daring in the past weeks of striking began to hurl not just insults but projectiles at the National Guardsmen. Nobody knows who fired the first shot, but the strikers and Guardsmen were drawn into a chaotic swirl of violence and rage, leading to scores being injured.\n\nReinforcements of National Guardsmen had arrived in Tonawanda, Ilion, and Syracuse at the request of the state governor. Severely outnumbered, the strikers began to disperse, but the guardsmen began arresting strikers en masse, placing strike leaders in chains. The response from the National Guard was surprisingly effective. Faced with the strength of the military, the strikers agreed to end their strike, but serious concerns have been raised towards President [NEE.GetLeader]. The strikers will undoubtedly use this act as an excuse to garner support from the Syndicalist elements in Chicago. The governor has faced criticism from the press and the state of New York for the repression, with many claiming the use of the national guard was a precursor to tyranny.
They left us no choice.
The Strikers Appeased
After days of tiring and tense negotiation with both sides threatening to leave at least once, the strikers of the Remington Rand plant have agreed to the talks offered by the company. The strikers were appeased, and their rights to unionise were officially granted by Rand. Many of the strikers who had been arrested during the strikes were rehired.\n\nWhile many nationwide are hailing this as a success among the working classes, the strike's victory has worried some. If workers continue to be radicalised and organise deadly strikes that cripple the already exhausted economy, who knows how long before New England falls to the syndicalist menace. While the factories are reopening and the strikers finally return to work, many in the government wonder if New England will be safe from the tide of revolution.
Words solve problems.
The Shoe Strike
Perhaps emboldened by the civil war that has torn apart our nation, workers in the shoe industry in the cities of Lewiston and Auburn took to striking. These strikers, many of whom come from French-Canadian descent, began demanding higher wages, conditions, shorter workweek, and union representation, with the number of the protests growing to the thousands. Shortly after the strikes began, the manufacturers offered a 10% wage increase to fulfil the strikers' demand - but these offers were quickly put down.\n\nWith the protests growing increasingly violent and with no signs of the strikers backing down, President [NEE.GetLeader] has requested that the governor of Maine deal with the situation at hand. The governor can call in the National Guard, which may involve further altercation and outright violence, although the protests will definitely be quieted. Alternatively, the governor can negotiate with the strikers although this would be a serious loss of face for the New England government to handle its own people.
No negotiations!
The pen is mightier than the sword.
Crackdown on the Shoe Strike
With the approval of the Governor, the National Guard had been called to deal with the persisting strikers. Workers and union organisers attempted to march in solidarity across South Bridge in Lewiston, numbering in the thousands. Many of the protestors were women, eager to stand up for their working rights.\n\nThe National Guard and police immediately got to work in the fights with the strikers, and the strikers soon found themselves fleeing the scene. The Lewiston Evening Journal described the event as simply 
We gave them a chance.
Negotiations with the Strikers
Listening to the words of his advisors, the governor agreed to enter talks with the strikers. While the strikers were adamant in receiving their wage increases, workweek, and improved conditions - the governor was also persistent in ensuring that the unions would be administered by the textile companies. Finally the strikers agreed to be supervised by company unions at the cost of having the rest of their demands fulfilled. The Lewiston Evening Journal summed the negotiations up as a much needed relief in these uncertain times.\n\nNonetheless, the governor's negotiation with the strikers has led to doubts as to whether or not he is capable of leading the state of Maine. Many in the nation do see syndicalism as an ever present threat and surely pleasing the workers would only encourage their radical ideas to spread further. Criticism from Democrats in Maine have been aimed at the governor's seemingly soft stance claiming it as a \
A success!
The Great New England Hurricane of 1938
What was first considered a non-issue, the Yankee Clipper Hurricane arrived on Long Island September 21st and would only a few hours later turn out to be the largest hurricane to set foot in New England since the Great Colonial Hurricane of 1635.\n\nMoving North from Long Island to Connecticut, Rhode Island and up through Vermont the storm cost the lives of close to 700 people. By the end of the devastation over 57,000 homes were destroyed or damaged and road networks all across the New England region lay in tatters with projections estimating that it would take us months or even years just to re-open them to traffic.
God save us all.
The Underground Railroad
Established in the 1700s, the first Underground Railroad served as a network of secret routes with as purpose to clandestinely transport Afro-American slaves from the Thirteen Colonies into Canada where slavery was already abolished.\n\nWith the American Civil War tearing apart households across the Americans and ideological strive leading to the forced expulsion or sometimes even massacre of Americans, our government has reignited the old 
There is only so much we can do though...
The Lake Erie Migration Crisis
The war has only been raging for a few weeks now as opposing forces fight it out around the Great Lakes. As comrade shoots comrade and the battlelines shift in both directions, one can not forget the tremendous loss of civilian life.\n\nOften caught in the midst of battle, decimated in bombing raids or executed by fanatics of either side, these people have been fleeing en-masse from the fighting towards our nation. As the land route is becoming more dangerous by the day, vast swathes of shaky tubs have been spotted on Lake Erie in a desperate attempt to reach our peaceful sanctuary. The condition of these rafts is often so dire that many don't even make it across the border, let alone into our safe hands. Relief organisations such as United America and the Red Cross have flocked to the coastline of the lake to help those that survive the perilous journey, often undertaken under cover of the night. They now ask that the government provides them with more means to rescue those coming across and to sweep our side of the lake for survivors.\n\nPragmatists in the Army however have seen an opportunity in this Great Migration to smuggle weaponry and equipment from the WCA into our hands. They propose that we send covert agents to Detroit and Cleveland who will then smuggle the goods on the refugee rafts towards our patrol boats.
Allow covert operatives to establish a base on Pelee Island.
We can not put the lives of innocents in danger with our schemes!
Successful Smuggling Operation on Lake Erie
Tucked away beneath sheets of linen and between the clothes of refugees, our covert operatives on the far side of Lake Erie have been able to successfully smuggle small arms, munition, medical supplies. Even heavier equipment such as artillery shells and dismantled mortars have been carried across by efforts of our, American, people being nothing short of heroic. Thus far the Syndies suspect nothing but it would seem only natural that one day our luck will run out...
Piece by piece we pick away at the carcass
Smugglers Apprehended!
Our good fortune couldn't last and yesterday was once again further proof of this. Although nothing seemed out of the ordinary on the smuggler boats, a slight deviation on the schedule of the Cleveland harbour patrol caught our operatives in the midst of the crime. Words could not explain why there were dozens of ammo chests and carbines on an unmarked vessel and it didn't take long until the boat was brought back to shore and our agents locked behind bars.
Change the course of the routes, we can not stop the operation!
It's too risky, we should focus on the refugee programme.
As man falls back into his usual routine of killing his neighbours, the animal world is not spared from the violence either. A happy story however emerged from Connecticut where a young Doberman, ironically enough named Jack, was able to stop militia agents from blowing up a bomb in Hartford.\n\nThe dog was training in cooperation with the Connecticut National Guard when his patrol spotted the agents who promptly tried to escape from capture. With the courage of a true American, the little dog immediately ran after them and pulled one of the two men down leading to his capture. This man later turned out to be none other than Paul Rashford, a target long sought after by the Hartford Police Department for his implication in the riots only a few months earlier and who seems to have established a whole network of operatives in Connecticut.\n\nWhilst his capture by no means marks the end of the socialist threat in the state, 'Jack' has dealt a heavy blow to their leadership.
We express our thanks to this good boy!
Refugees from [WCA.GetNameDef]
The horrors of war keep raging in [WCA.GetNameDef] and the large migratory wave from theirs into our territory seems to know no end. Just as last month, the Underground Railroad has once again led to the successful transfer of thousands of these war refugees into our Safe Harbour.
Let us pray the violence will end soon.
Refugees from [APG.GetNameDef]
Although the journey is full of peril and even though bandits and/or criminals stalk the trails from the deep South all the way to Connecticut, thousands still depart on the journey hoping that they may find peace and a protector in our nation.
Welcome to New England!
Appointing the New England Poet Laureate
The position of Poet laureate has been discussed within state politics for a few years now. A single person to represent the corpus of hundreds of artists against the tide of film and popular music as an art form. The New England congress has decided to create this title along with a re-consecration of the Boston Athenæum as the temporary Library of Congress. The top candidate in the congressional poll is Robert Frost, who exhibits a distinctly New England mastery of modernist poetry. Public polls, however, has shown favour for the pulp fiction writer H.P Lovecraft. Lovecraft has written in the papers that he would accept this award, but not appear in public for the ceremony. The Library of Congress is in a bind.
Robert Frost, Modernist Master.
H.P Lovecraft, the master of horror.
Intervention for John Winant
The private life of President Winant is not the proper subject of newspaper gossip, but after today, it is a public issue. President Winant's minders found a loaded gun in his bedroom tonight, and after a panic determined their was no intended assassin. President Winant confessed to his minders that his secret affair with Sarah Churchill ended, and he is distraught over the potential political fallout for indiscretions with a major Canadian politician's daughter. Fortunately, Winston Churchill was very gently notified, and forgave President Winant in person. Winant has decided to take a few days break to recuperate mentally.
He just needs a few days off.
Cocoanut Grove Fire Traced Back to Tobin
Located at 17 Piedmont Street in the Bay Village neighbourhood of Boston, a few blocks south of the Boston Public Garden, the Coconut Grove is well known among Bostonians as a popular hangout spot given the number of celebrities that frequent it. Visited by GIs, movie stars, celebrities, and even politicians such as Maurice Tobin — the nightclub also has been rumoured to have links with the Mafia and organised crime. Initially a garage and a warehouse, the club offered its patrons dining and dancing in a \
A shame upon the city.
Canadians Apply for West Point
The Class of [GetYear] has just arrived, and their numbers are far below expectations. As it is still necessary for Senators to recommend prospective young men, the decrease from 100 new cadets to just 14. It has been suggested that we allow Canadian politicians to recommend their young men to West Point. We are in dire need of new officers, and yet at the same time, this time honoured tradition ensures that this institution isn't used by foreign powers, much less the Crown.
Absolutely not!
We do need the people.
Historic Bridge collapses across the Niagara Falls
Thousands of onlookers gathered together to watch the final collapse of the Honeymoon Bridge today. Large gusts of wind coming from Lake Erie sent a massive amount of ice pouring over the falls. Nearly 100 feet of ice came crashing down on the bridge's abutments, ultimately compromising the structure. Not even the 24 feet tall fortifications added in 1899 after an ice bridge threatened to push the bridge over could prevent the collapse. Luckily the cold temperatures deterred most visitors to the falls, and thus, no one was injured.\n\nThe Northeastern states are currently experiencing one of the severest cold waves of winter. Sub-zero winds followed by a harsh blizzard have swept southwards from Canada, bringing New England to a two-year record for frigid weather. In some parts of the country, thermometers are reading 24 degrees below zero. For many New Englanders, the cold weather and snow blankets are signs of troubled and unassured times as the civil war rages on across the country.
Next time we will build the supports higher.
Fresh from the Oven
Established in 1930, the Toll House has become a rather fashionable New England staple, in particular the inn's matron has been renowned throughout the country for her delicious recipes including what she describes as the \
How Delicious!
Commemoration of the Thousand Island Bridge
Stretching 8.5 miles (13.7km), the industrial marvel connecting the borders of New England and Canada has finally finished construction - connecting the state of New York to Ontario. On this day, President [NEE.GetLeader] officially dedicated the bridge to New England, declaring that it marked a period of continued friendship and camaraderie between the Americans and their northern neighbours. With his blessing and dedication, the bridge will soon open, much to the cheer of Canadian and American onlookers.\n\nThe brainchild of Dr. David Steinman and Dr. Holten Robinson, refugees from New York City, the bridge's construction authority is shared by the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority and the Federal Bridge Corporation Limited of Canada. The bridge's construction rate was incredibly fast and ten weeks ahead of schedule, taking only sixteen months for completion - a fantastic feat and testament to the cooperation between the nations. The design of the spans fit the regional topography producing beautiful bridges with artistic grace and attention to detail, with the colours chosen to match the surrounding environment. Following the president's dedication, the first civilian and military vehicles began across the bridge - the first of many as the bridge serves its intended purpose as an indestructible physical bond between the Canadian and American people.
Huzzah!
America First Committee formed in New England
On the campus of Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut, a new interest group has risen to prominence. Inspired by prominent aviator Charles Lindbergh and the famous priest Charles Coughlin, the America First Committee comprises of individuals concerned about New England's tight relationship with [CAN.GetNameDef] may see American's drawn into a distant European war while America is still burning in pieces. Even prominent [NEE.GetAdjective] politician David Walsh of the Democratic Party was seen in attendance at several America First rallies. The America First Committee has outlined clear points such as building an impregnable defence for America and that American democracy can only be preserved by not involving New England in Europe's wars. As the national crisis continues to escalate, many are undoubtedly thankful for Canada's protection and aid, but many are also wary of Canada's growing presence in American affairs. The Provisional Government of New England exists only because of Canada's intervention, and thus it will take time and effort to legitimise the government of New England as the true successor to the United States. Isolationists or not, no one in New England wishes to witness the return of the British in Boston, and while the Canadians have assured New Englanders that they are safe, only time will tell whether or not the occupation is temporary.
They make some good points...
Attempt to suppress the organisation!
\
An instant hit at the box office and mentioned by critics throughout the country, many claims that \
\
Choosing Our Propaganda
The 
Attempt to disrupt their attack plans with wrong information.
Trick their troops in leaving gaps in their defences.
Spread uncertainty on their Home Front.
Try to demoralise their troops.
The Tale of Private Bob 'Daredevil' Rogers
Private Bob had always been a well-known name in the corps of the Freedom Fliers but it was his recent heroic actions above enemy territory that earned him his nickname 'Daredevil'.\n\nSent out with 5 other members of his squadron, he and his compatriots got surprised by an anti air installation that had been placed there after rumours of incursions into their air zone. Bad intel on our part ultimately led to disaster as the entire group of planes was shredded to pieces with only Private Bob and one of his crew mates surviving the crash. Landing deep behind enemy lines and with no way to reach our own positions, the two men took it upon themselves to perform a series of guerrilla actions in the region, achieving critical success in hindering enemy supply lines and successfully forcing their command to deploy further troops to the region.\n\nTheir success would however not continue much longer as an attempt to recruit possible sympathisers amidst the civilian population backfired and a setup orchestrated to finally kill the two men led to the death of Bob's fellow soldier and the loss of his right ear.\n\nNow alone, out of ammunition and still with no way to return to base, Bob travelled all the way North to Lake Erie whilst always staying one step ahead of the enemy agents tracking him down.\n\nEmbarking with 50 refugees on a shaky vessel, Bob finally made it back into New York last week. Having been stuck alone with no contact deep behind enemy lines, it took the brave man 50 days to make his way back into our country leaving a trail of sabotage in his wake. Although granted leave by his commanding officers to recover from his adventure, Bob has reportedly already signed up for the next flight claiming that he would do it all over again for his beloved nation.
The American nation thanks her son for his service!
Provisional In Name Only!
Much to the current government's great dismay, the press has managed to stir up a storm with the latest news stories sweeping the nation. Statements overheard about the illegitimacy of [ACW_WAR_TAG.GetNameDef]'s claim to national legitimacy, an opinion not too uncommon throughout the nation, has taken on new life.\n\nProminent politicians like Theodore Green have been vehement about an expansion of the navy and army in spite of the overwhelmingly isolationist stance of much of New England. In public speeches, Green would often warn of the dangers that faced the Provisional Government if it failed to act. Without proper buildup, the peoples of New England may find themselves crushed under the [ACW_WAR_TAG.GetAdjective] boot, or one of the other factions vying for power in the Second American Civil War.\n\nThe latest headline which has placed the government in a tough spot, calls for increased duty to be performed by the Provisional Government. If [ACW_WAR_TAG.GetNameDef] isn't a legitimate successor to the United States, as our propaganda machines have been instructed to inform the public of, the only way we could tout any authority on the matter was if we were a legitimate successor, ourselves.\n\nAs such, it seems that the political needle has swung away from isolation, and with the Provisional Government entering the war against [ACW_WAR_TAG.GetNameDef], pressure is mounting for the government to stake its claim as another contender in the Second American Civil War!
If we must...
Sabotage at Bedford Army Airfield
Under cover of darkness and with support from within, foreign operatives have succeeded in causing massive damage to the fighter planes stationed in Bedford. Dozens of planes have been lost or damaged and the hangars have suffered from various small explosions. We have thus far been unable to stop them and there isn't even an answer as to which faction the saboteurs adhere.
Are we blind? Deploy the garrison!
The First Paradrop
After months of extensive planning, this morning the army executed its first airborne experiment. While this is not the first American paradrop as exercises were conducted as early as 1930; they were deployed with the intent of dropping machine gun squads and not actual airborne operations. After a two week programme of rigorous physical activity and training; a lottery was made to decide the jumping order of the first experimental paratrooper platoon made up of ten volunteers. Taking off from Syracuse Army Air Base, the first man to make the jump was none other than the Massachusetts native Lt. Col Cornelius E. Ryan. All ten volunteers successfully made the jump and had a successful touchdown with the ground where they quickly reached their rendezvous point and completed their exercise goals. The experiment has been marked as a total success, a testament to the accomplishments of our airborne department
We'll start scheduling new drops then.
Forming the First Paratrooper Divisions
The success of the initial test convinced the army that paratrooper units must be expanded into actual divisions. With the support of Lt. Col Ryan, the military has been surveying the infantry for volunteers. Even though the high training standards and high mortal risk led to only a small batch of volunteers initially, the army has authorised a triplication of the wage of the paratrooper to gain more volunteers. With a more significant influx of volunteers, the 509th Paratrooper Regiment was formed, and after a week of recruitment, five paratrooper battalions were also raised. While these battalions remain untested in actual combat, the idea of vertical envelopment will undoubtedly aim to aid in developing our military doctrine - the high command is eager to see this investment pay off.
You can't put a roof over a wall.
Operation Pointblank Hits the Steel Belt
As the war rages on, so does the escalation of the conflict in the air. While the American air force remained untested throughout the 20th century, bombings and air raids have become increasingly frequent as the war continues.\n\nIn a determined effort to break the Steel Belt's [395.controller.GetAdjective] stronghold and gain control of the skies above Chicago, the Army Air Force has authorised the initiation of \
While bombings and air raid sirens have become increasingly frequent ever since the outbreak of hostilities, the New England government has begun an intensified period of bombing recently. They have escalated daylight bombing of our aircraft industries, perhaps in a bid to cripple our power in the air. While this may be a minor setback, for now, our determined fighter aces will ensure that none of their bombs will ever fall. We'll focus on defending our industries so that we will be able to strike back in time!
Well Done!
We will get revenge!
Government Rifle Contracts
As the Provisional Government of New England finds itself on the doorstep of war, the question has been raised by businesses and the army as to which company the government will align itself with. To reclaim the rest of the nation means that New England infantrymen will have to be equipped with the most modern rifles - the old dusty national guard rifles hastily handed out will not do. Two names for an officially sponsored government contract have been consistent throughout the endless debates - the Springfield Armory and the Winchester Repeating Arms Company.\n\nScouted and approved by George Washington himself in 1777, the Springfield Armory is an obvious candidate. Briefly, the only government manufacturer of arms during the first American Civil War, choosing the Springfield Armory carries a symbolic resonance, especially as New England claims itself to be the last bastion of American democracy on the continent. An industrial powerhouse responsible for mass producing and developing the M1903 rifle, the Springfield Armory also features a curious new weapon designed by New Englander John Garand. Garand has been developing a semi-automatic rifle since 1919, and although many of his designs have failed to meet the army's specifications, his latest design, the \
Springfield's production lines will bring us to victory! (Springfield Armory)
Winchester Craftsmanship is all we need! (Winchester Repeating Arms)
Seven Week Training reinstated
With the shifting catastrophe of the Second American civil war raging on our southern border, the training regimine of our troops was halved down to 4 weeks to accommodate the limited number of instructors available. Such a shift was effective in getting more men through completion of the programme but came at a cost. Comparing the results of the pre-war class to the hastily recruited 37ers, shows a vast disparity. Individual marksmenship fell by as much as 31% during the hasty training period.\n\nAccordingly, the syllabus for the Marine training course temporarily ran out of New London, Connecticut has been restored to a full 7 week length. Additional specialisation and training are to take place before new recruits are to be placed in with their units. While this will prevent quick mobilisation of the troops, our forces must be in peak condition to properly defend the home of the American Revolution!
Our men must be at their sharpest!
10th Light Infantry Division Formed
Heavily inspired by the mountain infantry of Austria and Italy during the Weltkrieg, Massachusetts native and ski enthusiast Charles Minot Dole has petitioned the Army High Command to create units dedicated to fighting in harsh terrain. As New England finds itself increasingly drawn into conflict, Dole has pushed the Army Command to create a dedicated mountain division capable of foraging through tough terrain and harsh weather. While some in the military command were initially sceptical, Dole suggested that perhaps it would be best to make \
Heavily inspired by the mountain infantry of Austria and Italy during the Weltkrieg, Massachusetts native and ski enthusiast Charles Minot Dole has petitioned the Army High Command to create units dedicated to fighting in harsh terrain. Dole is also the founder of the National Ski Patrol, founded in 1938 from a proposal by Roger Langley, President of the National Ski Association.\n\nThanks to the lobbying efforts of Dole, the National Ski Patrol was appointed by the High Command to recruit and vet soldiers for the 10th Light Infantry. While some in the military command were initially sceptical, Dole suggested that perhaps it would be best to make \
The harshest conditions are nothing for our men!
The Yankee Rebellion
While our intention upon occupying New England was to safeguard the locals from the ravages of the American Civil War, it seems many of them have taken exception. Several leaders in Boston have publicly accused Canada of desiring solely to return the area to British rule, to squeeze whatever we can out of the region so that we can return to the Home Isles, and that they would have been better off throwing their lot in with their American brothers and sisters. The fever pitch in the area has reached the point where we may have to reconsider our plan for New England self-government... or face a long period of uprisings.
This will amount to nothing.
Bah, very well - set up the provisional government.
Yankee Rebellion Over
It has taken many months, but it appears the so-called Yankee Rebellion in New England is over. Resistance leaders have either been captured or fled, and the remaining local governments all seem to be on board with the Canadian government - spurred on, one imagines, by the pictures of devastation throughout the rest of America playing across their newspaper pages. We should see no further trouble in the area.
Finally!
Sabotage in the Northeast?
With Pennsylvania secured, we can now turn our attention towards the capitalist cowards in [NEE.GetNameDef]. With their recent breakdown in relations with the reactionary Canadian government, their position is much less secure. While eventually, we will deal with them to reunite the American continent under the red flag of socialism, we should focus on causing havoc and disruption in our shared border. Initial intelligence reports by our scouts and partisans near the border with New England have indicated that there may be gaps in the [NEE.GetAdjective] patrol pattern could allow us to ship weapons and covert agents into cities like Buffalo and Rochester. Should we approve of this operation?
Certainly
We wouldn't want to push them back into the Canadians arms
Border Crossing Stopped
Aside from the occasional insults and syndicalist leaflets thrown across the border by the Reds, the shared border between our government and [WCA.GetNameDef] has remained relatively quiet. Across the border, both sides look upon each other in mutual enmity and regret, knowing that friends, families, sisters, and brothers are separated due to the civil war.\n\nHowever, our soldiers on the border were awakened uncharacteristically in the dead of night by an alarm raised by one of our patrols. A battalion from the 1st New York National Guard managed to spot a group of spies from [WCA.GetNameDef] attempting to travel along the Genesee River. A brief skirmish unfolded, leaving several dead and wounded on both sides before elements of the raiding party were able to sneak back across the border. The skirmish was not entirely unsuccessful; we managed to capture a few prisoners from the raid. It appears that they were just one of many such groups that are now working to infiltrate and perform subversive activities across western New York. In the follow-up interrogation of the syndie prisoners, one of their younger members accidentally revealed the gaps in our patrols that they were using to infiltrate our territory.
Increase our patrols
Surely there can't be too many that got through
The Great Lakes Revolt
The Presidential office was bombarded this morning with news of a socialist uprising from the cities of Buffalo and Rochester in Western New York. For weeks, our military and intelligence agency has been observing the movement of the Reds across the border. Nonetheless, we have been able to stay ahead of the WCA's machinations, and our preparedness shows in our response.\n\nUpon news of syndicalist partisans attempting to seize control of local arsenals and administrative centres, the New York National Guard was rapidly deployed to put down the uprisings. In anticipation of a seditious uprising, our armed reserves have been training and practising for the inevitable. The Reds found themselves hopelessly outmatched and outnumbered as National Guard units and squads could put down the armed rebels with their superior firepower. Those traitors who did surrender were immediately apprehended and hauled off to ensure that they would no longer pose a threat. Due to our preparation in advance, we were also able to evacuate many civilians from harm's way safely. The border has been considerably strengthened, and we will take further steps to ensure that the Reds will not be as bold next time!
The Presidential office was bombarded this morning with news of a syndicate uprising from the cities of Buffalo and Rochester in Western New York. For weeks, while we have observed movement along the border with [WCA.GetNameDef], our high command has simply dismissed any notion of a major syndicalist uprising. However, what we have feared has indeed come true.\n\nOverwhelmed and unprepared, the National Guard's response proved to be too inadequate and they were forced to retreat. The army was forced to dispatch a swift relief force in order to relieve the areas under rebellion but by then the damage had been done. While we were able to put down the uprising, parts of Rochester and Buffalo lie in ruins with local infrastructure torn to shreds in the ensuing fighting. This has certainly been a hard lesson and we must be careful to ensure that it does not happen again!
We have received excellent news from our agents operating in [NEE.GetNameDef]. Our brave comrades have successfully infiltrated the heart of the capitalist reactionaries and have achieved great success! The spies and partisans helped smuggle weapons to our connections in the cities of Buffalo and Rochester, unbeknownst completely to the [NEE.GetAdjective] patrols.\n\nIt took weeks of patience and frustration to establish a formidable presence in western New York but it has been worth it. While most of our forces were eventually driven off by the New England military, we have succeeded in destabilising the reactionary regime of [NEE.GetNameDef]. Soon the American Northeast will have their chains broken and the people of New England free at last!
We must ensure this doesn't happen again!
To further success spreading the revolution!
Rejoining America
Officials arrived today from [From.GetNameDef] to begin negotiations about a peaceful reunion between our government and theirs. There was little time to discuss the matter in Boston, however, as almost instantly a public campaign swept across the country demanding we dissolve the government at once. New England, the public feels, is not a real country - and its government does not have sufficient legitimacy to refuse the [From.GetAdjective] request.
Officials arrived today from [From.GetNameDef] to begin negotiations about a peaceful reunion between our government and theirs, now that the civil war is over and the victor decided. There are many who feel that the main purpose of New England's provisional government - to avoid the chaos of the civil war - has been served, and we should become part of America once again. There are others, however, who feel that New England has achieved its own sense of legitimacy. We have a place in the British sphere, and is being a part of [From.GetNameDef] what we truly want? Are they truly the America we remember?
It seems we have no choice but to agree...
We should rejoin America.
No, this is not in our best interests.
[From.GetNameDefCap]'s Request
The ambassador from [From.GetNameDef] has met with [Root.GetAdjective] officials and presented their plan: they wish to peacefully reunite with [requester.GetNameDef], effective immediately. Now that the civil war is done, they believe the purpose of New England's provisional government - namely to avoid the chaos and destruction - is also passed. America, they say, must be one once more. There is a mixed reaction within the government, though most agree that [requester.GetNameDef] will not sit idly by should we refuse.
Then we wish them well.
We agree, if [requester.GetNameDef] joins the Entente.
No, we cannot permit that.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed that the provisional government's purpose is done. They hold no claim over the New England region and wish no conflict with [requester.GetNameDef], nor intend to make any demands upon them for New England's return. [From.GetAdjective] forces have begun to leave the area immediately.
Wonderful news!
Reunion with New England
Officials from New England delivered the message promptly: they will gladly unite with [Root.GetNameDef] at once. The purpose of their provisional government - to avoid the chaos of the civil war - is now over with, and they look forward to America being whole once again.
Excellent!
The Canadian Concern
While the New England government is not a Canadian puppet, it would be false to suggest that it wasn't part of the British sphere - such as it is - and of great concern to the larger Canadian sphere of interest. The Canadian government is willing to allow New England to reunite with [requester.GetNameDef], since the reason for Canada's intervention in the region ended with the civil war, but they are asking that [requester.GetNameDef] join the Entente alliance. This would make up for New England's loss, and also be a way to pay back [CAN.GetNameDef] for saving American lives.
We'll see where this goes...
We're fine with that request.
No, they have no right to make that demand.
[requester.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
Officials from [requester.GetNameDef] have returned with agreement - they will join the Entente in exchange for a peaceful reunion with New England, and as a way to pay back [Root.GetNameDef] for safeguarding so many American lives during the civil war.
Might amenable of them!
[requester.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
Officials from [requester.GetNameDef] have returned to Canada with a flat refusal - they will not bargain for New England's return, particularly since [CAN.GetNameDef] had no right to intervene in the civil war in the first place. The officials say that Canada took control of New England to safeguard themselves against radical forces, nothing more. With that threat gone, America should once again be whole.
I wish mommy and daddy would stop fighting...
Very well, let them go.
Then we refuse.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The Canadian government has returned to New England with a flat refusal - we may not rejoin America. It seems their promises of self-government, and their assurances that the intervention was for our safety, were all simply a sham. Since the New England lacks sufficient legitimacy to act as anything but a Canadian puppet, it has dissolved in a spasm of in-fighting and fury against the Canadians.
The Canadian government has returned to New England with a flat refusal - we may not rejoin America. It seems their promises of self-government, and their assurances that the intervention was for our safety, were all simply a sham: they intervened to safeguard British interests, nothing more. Now the New England government must decide for itself where its interests lie, and perhaps spark a war either way.
So be it!
We will join [requester.GetNameDef] anyhow!
We remain with [From.GetNameDef]
New England Dissolves
With our refusal to allow New England to rejoin [requester.GetNameDef], their government has utterly dissolved due to internal conflict and a sense of it having no true legitimacy. The region is once again under our control, and very possibly may lead us into a war with [requester.GetNameDef].
So be it!
[war_country.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
For reasons not well understood, the New England government has decided that its best interests are served remaining a part of the British sphere. Many within our government are enraged, and wonder if New England's citizens feel the same as its government... or, perhaps it is better to say, the British?
While it appears New Englanders were more than willing to join with us peacefully, the Canadian intervention has exposed their provisional government for what it was: a puppet, subject to the will of the British crown. With their refusal to allow New England to choose its own destiny, the New England government has collapsed and been re-absorbed into [CAN.GetNameDef].
Then it's war!
We'll deal with this later.
New England's Betrayal
While our government had refused New England's right to reunite with [requester.GetNameDef], it seems they eventually decided to do so anyhow. Our forces in the region have pulled out as American forces moved in, and there appears to be nothing we can do - unless we choose to force the issue and make this a matter of war.
Then it's war!
Let them have it.
The Fires of War
What we hoped to avoid in 1937 has finally engulfed the nation! New England has found itself drawn into the conflict. Accordingly, many of our industries are shifting into wartime production to provide for our troops in the field. As the army's needs rapidly swell due to the conflict, whatever lingering effects of the Great Depression remained are quickly swept away. Unemployed men and even some women are being conscripted into the armed forces or the factories as they replace others sent to the frontlines. Together, we must ready this storm!
Rally to the flag!
The Fires of War
What we hoped to avoid in 1937 has finally engulfed the nation! New England has found itself drawn into the conflict. Accordingly, many of our industries are shifting into wartime production to provide for our troops in the field. The army's needs have begun to rapidly swell due to the conflict. Unemployed men and even some women are being conscripted into the armed forces or the factories as they replace others sent to the frontlines. Together, we must ready this storm!
Rally to the flag!
Preparations for war
When the great civil war broke out, the government of New England found itself divided regarding participation in the war. With the popularity of isolationist groups, many New Englanders hoped to wait out the war that threatened to consume the New World. As the Great Depression persisted, the economy of New England struggled immensely, and it was not until the Second Square Deal under President [NEE.GetLeader] that the economy of New England began to show signs of recovery and growth.\n\nWith its economy on the road to total recovery, the factories once producing shoes and cars are now producing military trucks and uniforms as the threat of war grows nearer every day. Many in New England have begun to see the conflict for what it truly is - a battle for the true America, and New England cannot sit away from the war idly. The time has come to reclaim the country from those who drove it into chaos. Air raid drills are being practised daily across the schools in New England, and young men and women flock to recruitment centres - eager to serve their country in its hour of need. The odds are heavily stacked against New England - most of the other factions have far more enormous manpower reserves and industries. Nonetheless, history has always favoured the bold, and the industrial might of the American Northeast should not be underestimated. Our factories on the ground will churn out more and more while our planes above will ensure our skies remain free and safe. Like our ancestors in 1776, we will not be intimidated by the odds as the tree of liberty will not fall to the reactionaries and revolutionaries that seek to defile it!
We can't leave America in darkness!
Reassess American Commitment
Today an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's military leaders have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. While the Entente has largely stood neutral in American affairs, the time for action is upon us. Broad strokes have been laid out detailing a preliminary bombing campaign known as 'Operation Pointblank' set to launch at the outbreak of the war. Such an attack would aim to cripple several of the large industrial centres that lay close to our borders. The envoy has requested that we support the plan and begin to draw together the Entente for America's liberation.
Today an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [APG.GetNameDef]. Situated in the south, the envoy from [NEE.GetNameDef] has suggested in not too subtle terms that their troops would not be positioned well to defend the vital industrial centres and staging grounds of Eastern Canada. In contrast, [NEE.GetNameDef] is much closer and better suited for cooperation if full-scale involvement in the second American civil war is required. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [APG.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef].
Today an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [ACC.GetNameDef]. Situated from the west coast, the envoy from [NEE.GetNameDef] has suggested in not too subtle terms that their troops would not be positioned well to defend the vital industrial centres and staging grounds of Eastern Canada. In contrast, [NEE.GetNameDef] is much closer and better suited for cooperation if full-scale involvement in the second American civil war is required. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [ACC.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef].
Today an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [USA.GetNameDef]. They claim that the time for action is upon us. Broad strokes have been laid out detailing a preliminary bombing campaign known as 'Operation Pointblank' set to launch at the outbreak of the war. Such a blow would aim to cripple several of the large industrial centres that lay close to our borders. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [USA.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef].
This plan is too risky, we cannot allow it
[APG.GetNameDefCap] is the better option
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] is the better option
The Federal Government is the better option
Agree to New England's terms
Reassess American Commitment
While we have previously denied their request in the past, an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived today in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's military leaders have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. While the Entente has largely stood neutral in American affairs, the time for action is upon us. Broad strokes have been laid out detailing a preliminary bombing campaign known as 'Operation Pointblank' set to launch at the outbreak of the war. Such an attack would aim to cripple several of the large industrial centres that lay close to our borders. The envoy has requested that we support the plan and begin to draw together the Entente for America's liberation. How shall we respond this time?
While we have previously denied their request in the past, an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived today in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [APG.GetNameDef]. Situated in the south, the envoy from [NEE.GetNameDef] has suggested in not too subtle terms that their troops would not be positioned well to defend the vital industrial centres and staging grounds of Eastern Canada. In contrast, [NEE.GetNameDef] is much closer and better suited for cooperation if full-scale involvement in the second American civil war is required. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [APG.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef]. How shall we respond this time?
While we have previously denied their request in the past, an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived today in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [ACC.GetNameDef]. Situated from the west coast, the envoy from [NEE.GetNameDef] has suggested in not too subtle terms that their troops would not be positioned well to defend the vital industrial centres and staging grounds of Eastern Canada. In contrast, [NEE.GetNameDef] is much closer and better suited for cooperation if full-scale involvement in the second American civil war is required. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [ACC.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef]. How shall we respond this time?
While we have previously denied their request in the past, an envoy from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has arrived today in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to discuss the ongoing civil war on our southern border. [393.Owner.GetNameDefCap] is a grave threat to both of our nations. Their strongholds are placed right on our borders and are prime staging grounds to attack us if they are victorious in the civil war. If not quickly repelled, such an attack would ultimately jeopardise any attempt to retake the Home Isles. The crown would be forced to fade away.\n\nHowever, they are not content to wait for such an outcome. New England's generals have laid out ambitious plans to strike at the heart of the infestation and nip the problem in the bud before it sprouts. So far, the Entente's support in the civil war has been directed towards [USA.GetNameDef]. They claim that the time for action is upon us. Broad strokes have been laid out detailing a preliminary bombing campaign known as 'Operation Pointblank' set to launch at the outbreak of the war. Such a blow would aim to cripple several of the large industrial centres that lay close to our borders. The envoy has requested that we consider pulling resources from [USA.GetNameDef] and funnel them towards a full-scale invasion directed by [NEE.GetNameDef]. How shall we respond this time?
This plan is too risky, we cannot allow it
We shall continue our support for [APG.GetNameDef]
We shall continue our support for [ACC.GetNameDef]
We shall continue our support for the Federal Government
Agree to New England's terms
[ENT.GetName] reconsiders American Commitment
After talks between representatives from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the government of [ENT.GetNameDef] has declared a change in our policy regarding the second American civil war. We have currently avoided devoting our resources to support any of the contenders to the United States of America. Persuaded of the benefits of a loyal united America backing the Entente's interests, [ENT.GetNameDef] has agreed to begin supporting [NEE.GetNameDef] as a claimant to America. They have requested that we prepare for war on the continent as the forge of democracy lies at stake!
After talks between representatives from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the government of [ENT.GetNameDef] has declared a change in our policy regarding the second American civil war. While we currently are devoting our resources in support of [APG.GetNameDef], the Entente forces have been requested to pull out from the region. A shift towards full support of [NEE.GetNameDef] appears to be on the cards. Within two weeks, official support is to cease going to [APG.GetNameDef] and instead be directed towards [NEE.GetNameDef].
After talks between representatives from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the government of [ENT.GetNameDef] has declared a change in our policy regarding the second American civil war. While we currently are devoting our resources in support of [ACC.GetNameDef], the Entente forces have been requested to pull out from the region. A shift towards full support of [NEE.GetNameDef] appears to be on the cards. Within two weeks, official support is to cease going to [ACC.GetNameDef] and instead be directed towards [NEE.GetNameDef].
After talks between representatives from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the government of [ENT.GetNameDef] has declared a change in our policy regarding the second American civil war. While we currently are devoting our resources in support of [USA.GetNameDef], the Entente forces have been requested to pull out from the region. A shift towards full support of [NEE.GetNameDef] appears to be on the cards. Within two weeks, official support is to cease going to [USA.GetNameDef] and instead be directed towards [NEE.GetNameDef].
Hopefully this is the right call
[ENT.GetName] reconsiders American Commitment
The Entente traitors have just announced to us that they are beginning to remove their support from us. Rumours abound of talks between [ENT.GetNameDef] and [NEE.GetNameDef] persuading the government in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to swing the Entente's resources towards themselves. On this day, the Entente have shown their true colours. Their agreements can not be trusted! Any declaration of war on one of the fellow American claimants that we are fighting is as good as a declaration of war against us!
Traitors!
All Behind New England
With the two week deadline over, all Entente forces on the continent are to be directed towards assisting a joint assault against the Steel Belt from Upper Canada and New England. A quick and decisive blow to secure the industrial heartland of the nation is the first step towards victory. With the fires of war already consuming the munitions factories of the Northeast, the additional resources and industrial might will be needed to fully conquer the rest of the continent from those who will oppose us.
Together we shall reclaim America for the Entente!
[NEE.GetAdjective] Intervention Looming
Too frightened of the prospect of a syndicalist America sitting on their doorstep, the Canadians and Americans to the northeast - along with their British masters - are currently preparing for an intervention. We cannot prevent it from happening, but some believe it might be possible to delay. If we were to quietly contact and fund labour movements in New England, get them to rise up in strikes that have obvious syndicalist connections, the Americans might be too paranoid to take action until the strikes are shut down. It would, at most, buy us a few months if we keep it up. Otherwise? We should prepare to face an invasion from the north soon.
So be it.
Delay New England's Intervention
We cannot prevent the New England government from intervening in the civil war... but we can delay them. If we sponsor nation-wide strikes with a clear syndicalist connection, they'll be tied up at home and too paranoid to take action. We will only be able to do this so many times before they figure out where the funds are coming from, however.
Nationwide Strike Begins
Nationwide Strike Continues
Labour leaders across the country have called for strikes - enough to cripple New England's economy, and causing disruption from one end of the nation to the other. There are those in our government who suggest the strikes are too suspiciously timed... this must be an effort by [WCA.GetNameDef] to cause revolution before we can act. Regardless of the intent, all agree that the strikes must be shut down before we can think about intervening in the south.
After a brief pause, the strikes have continued across the country - heightened in their efforts to call for New England to end its persecution of syndicalism. The speeches written by the labour leaders, according to the FBI, might very well have been written by the [WCA.GetAdjective] government. They will have proof soon, they say, but until they discover the source of the strike funding, we will need to combat the strikers and put down this irritating distraction.
How annoying.
[ENT.GetName] accepts our request
We have received excellent news from our [ENT.GetAdjective] friends in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. Our efforts in building our national legitimacy as the true successors to the United States and combatting our economic crisis have not gone unnoticed. Despite the Entente's earlier support for [ACC.GetNameDef], their chance for victory is seriously doubted as they suffer continuous defeats. The Entente Alliance has reaffirmed its relationship with us and has officially declared its support for our cause. Recognising us as the true America, the Entente will begin a two week withdrawal from [ACC.GetNameDef] to fully commit their industrial and military efforts to aid us in the liberation of America. With the Canadians and their allies around the world, we stand ready to take back our beloved country from the revolutionaries and radicals that took it from us!
We have received excellent news from our [ENT.GetAdjective] friends in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. Our efforts in building our national legitimacy as the true successors to the United States and combatting our economic crisis have not gone unnoticed. Despite the Entente's earlier support for [APG.GetNameDef], their chance for victory is seriously doubted as they suffer continuous defeats. The Entente Alliance has reaffirmed its relationship with us and has officially declared its support for our cause. Recognising us as the true America, the Entente will begin a two week withdrawal from [APG.GetNameDef] to fully commit their industrial and military efforts to aid us in the liberation of America. With the Canadians and their allies around the world, we stand ready to take back our beloved country from the revolutionaries and radicals that took it from us!
We have received excellent news from our [ENT.GetAdjective] friends in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. Our efforts in building our national legitimacy as the true successors to the United States and combatting our economic crisis have not gone unnoticed. Despite the Entente's earlier support for [USA.GetNameDef], their chance for victory is seriously doubted as they suffer continuous defeats. The Entente Alliance has reaffirmed its relationship with us and has officially declared its support for our cause. Recognising us as the true America, the Entente will begin a two week withdrawal from [USA.GetNameDef] to fully commit their industrial and military efforts to aid us in the liberation of America. With the Canadians and their allies around the world, we stand ready to take back our beloved country from the revolutionaries and radicals that took it from us!
We have received excellent news from our [ENT.GetAdjective] friends in [ENT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today. Our efforts in building our national legitimacy as the true successors to the United States and combatting our economic crisis have not gone unnoticed. Despite the Entente's earlier refusal to back a side in the civil war, their chance for victory is seriously doubted as the various enemy states consolidate their gains. The Entente Alliance has reaffirmed its relationship with us and has officially declared its support for our cause. Recognising us as the true America, the Entente will now fully commit their industrial and military efforts to aid us in the liberation of America. With the Canadians and their allies around the world, we stand ready to take back our beloved country from the revolutionaries and radicals that took it from us!
V for Victory!
[ENT.GetName] declines our request
Unfortunately for us, the [ENT.GetAdjective] Government was not persuaded by our attempts to claim our legitimacy as the true successors to the United States. Citing their commitment to the cause of [ACC.GetNameDef], the Canadians have regrettably turned down our request in securing their support. We will have to bide our time and wait until we have a stronger industrial and military capacity before seeking their alignment to our cause. Let us spend some more time improving our legitimacy and our military forces to show the Canadians that we are indeed the only ones capable of restoring true American democracy to the United States.
Unfortunately for us, the [ENT.GetAdjective] Government was not persuaded by our attempts to claim our legitimacy as the true successors to the United States. Citing their commitment to the cause of [APG.GetNameDef], the Canadians have regrettably turned down our request in securing their support. We will have to bide our time and wait until we have a stronger industrial and military capacity before seeking their alignment to our cause. Let us spend some more time improving our legitimacy and our military forces to show the Canadians that we are indeed the only ones capable of restoring true American democracy to the United States.
Unfortunately for us, the [ENT.GetAdjective] Government was not persuaded by our attempts to claim our legitimacy as the true successors to the United States. Citing their commitment to the cause of [USA.GetNameDef], the Canadians have regrettably turned down our request in securing their support. We will have to bide our time and wait until we have a stronger industrial and military capacity before seeking their alignment to our cause. Let us spend some more time improving our legitimacy and our military forces to show the Canadians that we are indeed the only ones capable of restoring true American democracy to the United States.
Unfortunately for us, the [ENT.GetAdjective] Government was not persuaded by our attempts to claim our legitimacy as the true successors to the United States. Citing their commitment to focusing their efforts on the cross-Atlantic invasion, the Canadians have regrettably turned down our request in securing their support. We will have to bide our time and wait until we have a stronger industrial and military capacity before seeking their alignment to our cause. Let us spend some more time improving our legitimacy and our military forces to show the Canadians that we are indeed the only ones capable of restoring true American democracy to the United States.
What a shame.
Send Cable to [ACC.GetNameDef]?
Once regarded as a successful experiment of democracy, the American nation had collapsed into a violent and destructive civil war for the second time in its history. Despite the international community's neutrality to the events in the United States, the Canadian Army crossed the American border in the opening days of the war. To many New Englanders, the Canadian intervention in those chaotic early days gave hope that America's northern neighbour was eager to protect democracy in the New World.\n\nHowever, it appears that is no longer the case. Perhaps in a desperate bid to muster men for the hopeful return of the British Exiles, the Canadian government's enactment of full conscription infuriated the Quebecois leading to mass protests and riots across the country. In a move unsurprising to demagogues such as MacArthur, the Canadian government's implementation of the War Measures Act has brought what many regarded as the last stable democracy of North America to its knees in face of authoritarianism. With Canada's commitment to democracy a liability, President [NEE.GetLeader] has consulted his cabinet regarding a potential alliance between the Provisional Government of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef]. If the Canadians are not willing to safeguard democracy in the New World, then perhaps a united democratic front against socialism and authoritarianism will guarantee the preservation of freedom.
Yes, send a message to Sacramento!
We're not ready yet.
Already sent a cable to [ACC.GetNameDef]
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] offers to open a second front
Despite the commitment to American democracy between both factions on the opposing sides of the continent, communication between [ACC.GetNameDef] and New England has been sparse. However, a cable from Boston had been received in Sacramento regarding the possibility of a joint and determined effort to liberate America from the terrors of socialism and authoritarianism.\n\nProtected by the presence of the Canadian Army and the Entente, as the civil war raged on, the Provisional Government of New England remained neutral. With Canada's descent into authoritarianism, we can no longer count on the Entente to aid us in our recovery of American democracy. Our manpower is precious, and our ability to wage war can never reach the industrial capabilities of the Steel Belt. An alliance between the Provisional Government and [ACC.GetNameDef] gives us a chance at taking our country back from the radicals who stole it from us. Of course, New England's size and its armed forces may be a liability in the battles to come. We can refuse their offer and declare ourselves the sole legitimate bastion of freedom.
Together we can push back the darkness!
We don't need your pacifists
In §Y30 days§!, §G[NEE.GetNameWithFlag]§! will enter the §RSecond American Civil War§! on our side!
The Liberty Bell Rings Again!
After successful talks between the surviving democracies, the provisional government of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] have formed an alliance to safeguard the future of American democracy! The likes of Reed, Long, and the tyrannical MacArthur must be dealt with before the American experiment is ground into dust!
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] does not wish to ally with New England
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] declines our alliance
Amidst great anticipation, a cable finally returned from Sacramento. Unfortunately, [ACC.GetNameDef] have declined our offer of an alliance citing that they intend to unite the country themselves and have rejected our claim to legitimacy. We will have to prepare the nation for the storm to come as it appears that now we are alone in this.
Unfortunate.
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] accepts our alliance
Amidst great anticipation, a cable finally returned from Sacramento. In the note, President [ACC.GetLeader] assured his New England counterpart that [ACC.GetNameDef] was fully committed to a military alliance between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts to guarantee the existence of democracy in North America. While communication will be difficult between the two factions as the vast American continent lies before them, Sacramento and Boston will no doubt muster their forces and resources for the storm to come. The flame of liberty has not been extinguished, no, now it burns stronger than ever. No longer are we alone in this fight, together for victory!
Liberty from coast to coast!
\n§gIn 30 days, we will enter the war alongside [ACC.GetNameDef]§!
Formalising the Alliance
Today joint military and naval leaders of [ACC.GetNameDef] and the Provisional Government of New England met at Boston to formalise the alliance between the democratic factions. New England has been neutral in the great war that had engulfed the rest of the nation, and many regarded [ACC.GetNameDef] as the last bastion of American democracy. Canada's descent into authoritarianism, however, has severed ties between New England and Canada.\n\nAppropriately named as the [THIS.GetFactionName], radio listeners along the East and West Coasts listened with anticipation as news broke of the formation of a united democratic and American front against the tyrannical demagogues of Long, MacArthur, and Reed. Months of militarisation, economic alleviation, and preparation have awoken the sleeping giant of New England as the country prepares to enter the fray. The battle for liberty has begun.
The Liberty Bell Rings Out!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] enters the fray
Following the success of negotiations between Sacramento and Boston, [ACC.GetNameDef] and the government of New England have created a formal military alliance. New England will join as a fifth faction in the most destructive war to ever visit North America, formally allying itself with its sister government on the continent's opposite coast. International observers of the conflict in America are beginning to speculate whether or not this dual alliance will bring an end to the conflict. In a public declaration, President [NEE.GetLeader] and President [ACC.GetLeader] have announced to the world that their alliance are the legitimate successors to the values, traditions, and legacy of the former government of the United States.
We stand with the West Coast!
We stand with the East Coast!
We will crush them too!
Coconut Grove Fire Claims 492 Lives!
Located at 17 Piedmont Street in the Bay Village neighbourhood of Boston, a few blocks south of the Boston Public Garden, the Coconut Grove is well known among Bostonians as a popular hangout spot given the number of celebrities that frequent it. Visited by GIs, movie stars, celebrities, and even politicians such as Maurice Tobin - the nightclub also has been rumoured to have links with the Mafia and organised crime. Initially a garage and a warehouse, the club offered its patrons dining and dancing in a \
A horrible tragedy!
A Long Dispute Settled
Today, map makers from the Geological Survey rejoiced as the long-standing border dispute between Vermont and New Hampshire has finally been settled.\n\nThe new settlement fixes the boundary between the two states for 200 miles along the Connecticut River. New Hampshire's jurisdiction begins with the original low water line on the west bank of the river. For nearly 150 years, the two states had been arguing where the line ran. Both states collected taxes from property owners, and there was a recurrent debate between the states as to which state would control the bridges and control powerhouses.\n\nA.F. Hassen, chief of the cartographic section of the Geological Survey, said that some map changes in the past twenty years have been significant enough to change in the geographic text but obscure enough to mostly only affect scientists, road builders, and engineers. Most of these changes happened as a result of rivers changing course. Following the fixture of the Vermont-New Hampshire border, the Geological Survey began to look for other erratic rivers that may have changed course and, therefore, could drastically change the boundary lines.
Perhaps this will be the end?
A Prince from the Land of the Rising Sun
A curious visitor was spotted at the residence of Joseph Grew, the ambassador to Japan before the Civil War. The bespectacled and short visitor greeted Grew with a bow, and to the surprise of onlookers, Grew returned the favour. Grew then invited the guest and his entourage into his home, where it is reported that the men shared a delicious drink of tea.\n\nThe visitor is Prince Tokugawa Iesato, the first head of the Tokugawa Clan after the overthrow of the Tokugawa Bakufu and the ensuing Meiji Restoration. A youth in England gave Iesato the respect of the Entente Powers - during the Weltkrieg, Iesato had organised a condolence booklet in concern for the enormous death and destruction in Europe. Despite the tense relations between Japan and the United States, Iesato and Grew had come to treat each other as close friends and sought to encourage goodwill between the two nations. In recognition of Japan's gift of cherry blossom trees in 1912, Iesato had travelled to New England in a goodwill event despite the great civil war that now divides the United States.\n\nWhile their conversation was limited to only those who were present, there are rumours that the two men discussed the ongoing situation in the Pacific. For a long time, the United States had competed with Japan for domination of the great ocean. Now with the civil war plaguing the United States, the Japanese stand virtually unopposed in the Pacific. Even if Iesato himself is committed to peace, the Japanese nation certainly has ambitions in Asia - ambitions that it will now feel comfortable to pursue without the industrial giant of America present. While no open conflict has yet emerged between the two countries, only time will tell whether or not peace will reign in Asia.
To peace and prosperity in East Asia!
War Referendum killed in the House
It is revealed to the public that administration leaders in the New England Congress received a surprise when a new possible war referendum was brought to the debate. The bill proposes that a national referendum should be held before Congress can declare war, thus giving the ordinary men and women the chance to have a direct vote on their country's involvement in foreign conflicts. However, in the case where the nation is attacked first, a referendum would not be held.\n\nThe controversial bill has secured the 23 votes needed to bring the bill into the House. Many Irish-American delegates are eager to support the bill, believing that this will give New England the ability to stay away from aiding the former British Empire. These delegates and the people they represent are wary of the British, with the memories of the Great Famine and the War for Independence still fresh in their minds. Nonetheless, with the decision of 35 congress members in the balance, congressman James Farley rallied his fellow Irish-American congressmen to shut down the bill. Farley believes that America's place in the world is to help it and not to stay away from the world's affairs. His efforts have been successful; the possible war referendum act has been shut down.\n\nInterestingly enough, a parliamentary question was raised late tonight by the discovery that the list of signers bore the name of William P. Connery Jr, a representative from Massachusetts who had died by the time the petition was being presented. The rule requires that a discharge petition be signed by a majority of the membership of the House. But the law says nothing about the signature of a dead member and the question remains for now unanswered.
Such matters must be controlled by government.
Garbage Truck Maims Three
In a horrific accident today, three GIs were struck by a passing junk truck in the afternoon. The three men were native New Yorkers; Aaran Rivenavich, Thomas Luzzo, and Michael Malito served in the 244th Coastal Artillery. The soldiers are former refugees from New York City who had escaped the war-torn city to enlist in the army of the provisional government. When a projecting piece of load struck them, the men were returning from Port Ontario at Oswego, a prominent military base and refugee camp.\n\nAll three men were severely cut, and Luzzo is said to have a broken arm. The driver of the junk truck was held on charges of third-degree assault and improper loading. While the incident has attracted outrage from the victims' families, the state of New York has vowed to increase standards and measures for its junk disposal transportation.
Not a clean trip.
Ambassdor Kennedy Recalled
Today, a shift in the foreign departments has occurred as Ambassador Joseph P. Kennedy Sr, ambassador to the Canadian government, has effectively been recalled and replaced with John Winant.\n\nThe recall happened after Mr. Kennedy gave a long and rambling interview regarding New England's commitments to the Entente with newspaper journalist Louis M. Lyons of the Boston Globe. In the ensuing speech, former Ambassador Kennedy unambiguously and repeatedly stated his belief that the war to liberate the Home Isles was not about saving democracy from the tide of Syndicalism.\n\n\
Winant will do a better job!
[NEE.GetLeader]'s Power on Currency Fought
As the Provisional Government of New England struggles to rebuild the economy after years of the Great Depression, the issue of the President's power on currency has come up multiple times in Congressional debates. The Secretary of Commerce Charles W. Tobey and Vice President H. Styles Bridges have put together a joint resolution to repeal President [NEE.GetLeader]'s ability in current law to issue up to $3,000,000 of additional paper currency. They declared that this latent power could endanger small investors, holders of insurance, wage earners, and those with fixed incomes. In addition, the resolution also plans to curb inflation by placing tighter restrictions on who and how much money can be printed at once.
Towards a more restrained budget!
Hopkins Under Fire
From a sickbed in the North County Community Hospital, where he is recuperating from a throat infection, Secretary of Commerce Harry L. Hopkins has again answered 
Could Reed's movement have reached high office?
The Work Progress Administration Under Hopkins
In response to the continued economic woes from the Great Depression, Secretary of Commerce Harry L. Hopkins has announced an additional wage increase for workers in Work Progress Administration (WPA) agreements for workers in the rural areas of Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine. The programme now sets the new wage at $3.90 a month to more than 82,000 workers.\n\nIn the rural areas of New England, Hopkins argues that the wage earners there are only 45 per cent of the national average but with this new increase they will be getting 53 per cent of that average. This gives the impression of comparative underpayment in the North on the WPA. Nonetheless, opposing congressmen who are opposed to government intervention in the economy, find Hopkins' legislation too radical. Critics find themselves uncertain as to whether or not Hopkins' wage increase will actually benefit the rural farmer, especially since WPA wages can be determined by a single person. To quell doubt among the working class and politicians, Hopkins has helped organise the Community Mobilisation for Human Needs - an organisation dedicated to sharing the costs of relief between local, state, and federal governments.
A Fair Wage!
St. Lawrence Deeper Waterway Pact
In a brief conference today at St. Lawrence in Canada, the Canadian and American engineers met to discuss the possibility of a two-stage plan of power development. President [NEE.GetLeader] met with the Canadian Prime Minister to discuss the planned industrial project outlined by the American members of the Joint Board of Engineers in 1926 - hoping to foster good will and intentions between the nations.\n\nThe project plans to construct a proposed dam on Barnhart Island, with one power station being built near Massena, New York on the American side and another power house built on Cornwall on the Canadian side. While plans have indeed been drawn up, it is unknown as to when construction on the dam will actually begin. The meeting's successful conclusion and friendly atmosphere however has solidified relations between the two nations and there is no doubt that the future will see further cooperation between the American and Canadian nations.
A gateway to the future!
Ambassador Winant's Fight for Democracy
At a conference in Montreal, prominent ambassador to Canada from the United States, John Winant gave a speech praising the goals of the Entente alliance. The British dominions and their allies are fighting together against a system that represents a perversion of social justice. The socialists who currently control the Great Britain have gone too far in their pursuit of a noble ideal. In their efforts to raise up the working class, they have destroyed the natural order of society and turned the world upside down.\n\nLooking to the future, he said that when the war is done and arms are laid down, he is hopeful that the peoples of not just Britain but the whole world will rebuild democracy in a more perfect likeness than it has ever been done before.
For Democracy!
Mrs. Latham Bestowed Honour by [GBR.GetLeader]
At an elaborate ceremony in London, King [GBR.GetLeader] bestowed upon Latham a medal of the Commander of the Order of the British Empire for her work with the Bundles for Britain foreign aid society. This marks the first time in history that a non-British subject to receive this honour.\n\nSpeaking in an interview today, Mrs. Latham commented that \
Together we can get through this!
Revision of the Social Security Act
In a sweeping revision of the Social Security Act, Secretary of Commerce Bertrand Snell has effectively pulled back provisions granted by the previous rendition of the Act. While Snell has pledged that this \
Towards more responsible government!
National Church Association Incorporated
An American entrepreneur, economist, business theorist - Secretary of Commerce Roger Babson has promoted establishing his so-called \
May all America be united in faith!
A Moderate Prohibition Agenda
Having entered the world of politics, Babson and his supporters have pushed for a morally conservative society. Babson himself has long belonged to the Prohibition Party and has expressed his great desire to see America return to its \
A third Great Awakening?
Ambassador Moffat Passes Away
Today, January 25th, 1943, is a sad day as the ambassador to Canada, Jay Pierrepont Moffat, passed away. Just two and a half weeks after his 47th birthday, the ambassador passed away with complications from surgery for phlebitis.\n\nBorn on January 7th, 1896, in Rye, New York - Moffat was a lineal descendant of the famed John Jay, the first Chief Justice and a negotiator at the Treaty of Paris that ended the Revolutionary War. A professional diplomat, Moffat served as private secretary to the US Ambassador to the Netherlands from 1917 to 1919 and as secretary of the American Legation in Warsaw from 1919 until 1921 and in Tokyo from 1921 to 1923. From 1925 to 1927, he served President Lowden as a ceremony officer, and at the end of his assignment, he married Lila Cabot Grew, the daughter of American diplomat Joseph C. Grew.\n\nSince 1940, Moffat has served as the ambassador to Canada - bridging the differences between the American and Canadian governments. In his obituary, the New York Times laments \
A tragic loss.
Edward Noble Proposes Tariff Amendment
Proposed by the Secretary of Commerce Edward Noble, the Reciprocal Tariff Act of [GetYear] has been put forth granting the President the ability to negotiate with foreign nations to reduce tariffs in return for reciprocal reductions in tariffs in the United States for up to 50%.\n\nThey were signed into law by President [NEE.GetLeader], the act will now give the president the power to negotiate bilateral, reciprocal trade agreements with other countries, bringing liberalisation to American trade policy around the globe. Ever since the first American Civil War, tariffs in the United States have been at an all-time high. In response to the decades-long Great Depression and Black Monday, tariffs in the United States and the nation embraced a trade policy of protectionism. The Reciprocal Tariff Act aims to bring down these barriers, bring down duties on foreign products, and encourage trade between nations.\n\nBefore establishing the Reciprocal Tariff Act, if Congress wanted to enact a lower tariff - it would act unilaterally and tackle the foreign country's tariff rate as fixed. Congress would choose a tariff rate that was either a little lower or higher than the median preferred tariff, depending on the composition of Congress. Individual members of Congress were under tremendous pressure from lobbyists to raise tariffs to protect them from the adverse effects of imports. The Reciprocal Tariff Act now ties US tariff reductions to foreign tariff reductions, giving Congress the ability to approve the tariffs with a simple majority instead of a two-thirds majority. With the President given the authority to negotiate the terms, we will undoubtedly see a more liberal trade policy in the near future.
Trade brings prosperity!
Wilbur Cross Parkway
Rapid progress has been made on the \
In honour of Governor Cross!
Secretary of State Dulles rails against the Third Internationale
A fiery speech was just delivered by the acting secretary of state for [NEE.GetNameDef], John Foster Dulles. He denounced the totalitarian regimes across the Atlantic that hold the peoples of Europe in bondage. Their society is highly materialistic, atheistic and unconcerned by the concept of a moral law. Instead they claim that laws are merely the means whereby those in power carry out their will. God-given unalienable rights are a foreign concept to them where every protection that a man can have can be stripped away by the government's will.\n\nWhile some good has been done for the proletariat in the nations overseas, this was only made possible through the coercion, terrorism, and liquidisation of those whose reason or conscience compelled them to resist the changing regime. There are some similarities in the professed end goals of both the Socialist States of Europe and America, yet, the methods employed are utterly dissimilar.\n\nThe Totalitarian regimes in Europe are not wholly a government of peace and liberation, as much as they wish to tell the world through their propaganda machine. It may not, and it is my hope that it does not wish for international war. Such devastation in the modern age would be completely unthinkable. Even if this is the case, the peoples of [NEE.GetNameDef] must remain ever vigilant against the prospects of foreign agents infiltrating the country to stir up the seeds of class warfare amongst the free citizens of the West.
We can't let them win!
The [NEE.GetAdjective] Fight Against Complacency
America must never allow itself to be manoeuvred by the forces opposing it into the position of defending the status quo, claimed John Dulles, speaking at an assembly in Schenectady New York. The power of Western liberalism and democracy is the ability to bring about largely peaceful changes to better society. [NEE.GetNameDefCap] can not afford to cling to the past simply because the past solutions proved reliable. Innovation and risks drove development across the world.\n\nDuring the last 150 years, the political institutions of the free societies of the West have brought about immense leaps in social and economic developments that the people living back then could hardly believe what a life we live today is like. If the [NEE.GetAdjective] nation is to grow complacent, she will lose the trust and belief from the unsatisfied. Those who see the imperfections in the model and yearn to discover new innovative ways to create a better world where their dreams can come true.
May the forge never blow out!
Department of Non-Military Defense Formed
Organised today was the creation of a new agency for [NEE.GetNameDef]. This new federal department would be tasked with ensuring the defence of the nation against foreign powers who wish to destabilise [NEE.GetNameDef] from the inside. While the military strength of [NEE.GetNameDef] continues to grow, the importance of psychological warfare can not be underestimated. As the weapons of modern warfare grow more devastating, a precision scalpel becomes more necessary. There is no need to burn down an entire house to the ground to deal with one spotted mouse when a cat will do the trick without causing such a ruckus. The Department of Non-Military Defense has also been authorised to broadcast to [NEE.GetNameDef] accurate information regarding the world stage.
A watchful eye over the backyard.
Weeks Secures Funding for [GetYear] Highway Act
Secretary of Commerce, Sinclair Weeks was tasked by President [NEE.GetLeader] with securing funding for the National Interstate and Defense Highways Act. The horrors of the second American civil war showed the dire state of transcontinental travel across the nation. While some improvements were made to help the various factions supply their armies deeper into enemy territory, the time it takes a unit to cross the United States is still largely the same as back in 1919 when the Motor Transport group first attempted a crossing using the Lincoln Highway. With most major reconstruction projects coming to completion, Weeks was able to secure congressional approval to levy a federal gas tax to support the expansion of the Interstate Highway system. The act will provide a thirteen year programme to build 41,000 miles of modern highways for civilian and military use subsidised up to 90% by the government.
I hope this cuts down on my commute!
British Loan Benefits Stressed
The Secretary of Commerce for [NEE.GetNameDef], spoke in defence of the loan provided to Great Britain today. Such a loan would help rebuild the world trade that suffered due to the collapse of the British, American, and German markets in the preceding decades. As countries moved towards retrenchment, global cooperation took a nosedive. Furthermore, the conflict of the Second World War saw multiple factions attempt to corner a market of resources solely for themselves. This loan of 3.75 billion dollars would help improve world trade since it would allow for the sale of goods in Britain for cash that could be used to purchase goods.
We must strive to be a good neighbour.
Harriman promises aid to Britain
The cities of Great Britain were left in utter ruin following the conclusion of the Second Weltkrieg. London, Manchester, and Liverpool had been brutally mauled and shattered as towns and hamlets were turned into craters. The fight against the menace of syndicalism had been a victorious one, but the price had been painful. American newsreels and newspapers have been broadcasting daily scenes of the horrendous plight of the British; families crammed in bomb shelters, buses in craters, and the endless fires.\n\nThe American ambassador to Canada, W. Averell Harriman, announced today that he and other members of the American embassy planned to give 
Together for Prosperity!
Atherton calls for Unity
Today the ambassador to Canada, Ray Atherton announced in a press statement at Le Cercle Universitaire in Ottawa that 
We stand stronger together!
Morgenthau delivers controversial disarmament plan
The conclusion of the Weltkrieg against the Third Internationale did not bring peace to Europe; instead [NEE.GetNameDef] found itself at war with the German Empire in yet another destructive war of global hegemony. In its third major war, the German Kaiserreich has finally lost its place in the sun, and the American occupation of Germany has begun.\n\nAs the occupation of Germany begins, US Secretary Henry Morgenthau has announced his \
The conclusion of the Weltkrieg against the Third Internationale did not bring peace to Europe; instead [NEE.GetName] found itself at war with the German Empire in yet another destructive war of global hegemony. In its third major war, the German Kaiserreich has finally lost its place in the sun, and now with her allies, [NEE.GetNameDef] plans to aid in the coming occupation and stabilisation of Germany.\n\nAs the occupation of Germany begins, US Secretary Henry Morgenthau has announced his \
The Germans cannot be trusted!
How could he say this!
Wise Men Cabinet formed
With the shifting balance in the political order and America's newfound position at the centre of the world stage, President [NEE.GetLeader] has created a unique non-ideological cabinet and non-partisan cabinet to discuss and tackle world issues. Two of these new cabinet members; Dean Acheson and W. Averell Harriman had known each other since their days at Yale University and in their early Wall Street careers. They are also joined by Charles E. Bohlen, a younger but Harvard graduated diplomat with experience serving with the Syndicalist regime of France.\n\nInfluenced by former Secretary of State Henry Stimson, the group was formed due to the President's lack of expertise in foreign policy. The group's divisive members allow it to be non-partisan, with the men striving for pragmatic American internationalism and an aversion to ideological fervour. The men tend to be practical, realistic, and non ideological - hoping to bring America back onto the world stage after the destructive civil war. With their expertise in diplomacy, it has been reported that the President values the group's advice, especially in containing syndicalism from corrupting the rest of the free nations of the world. It can be assumed that successor presidencies will take advantage of these wise men of foreign diplomacy to use America's strength and industry for the benefit of the free world.
Now let's get some real work done!
Ambassador Steinhardt, 4 Others Killed When Plane Falls in Canada
Tragic news reached the State Department today as the Canadian government informed us that Ambassador Laurence A. Steinhardt had been unfortunately killed in an early morning plane accident near Ramsayville, Ontario. In addition to Steinhardt, the plane accident also took the lives of several American servicemen and Alan Harrington, a twenty-year old son of a United States minister who had been visiting his parents in Canada. The plane was a C-47 used by the ambassador for business flights and en route to New York, no foul play has been suspected so far. Witnesses saw the plane emitting heavy smoke shortly after leaving the Rockcliffe Airport before falling and exploding into flames. Only one American serviceman escaped by parachute, it remains uncertain whether or not the parachutes had either malfunctioned or that the men were hesitant to jump. Regardless, the incident is being investigated by the Royal Canadian Air Force and a United States investigation team sent from [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nBorn on October 6, 1892- Steinhardt grew up in New York City and served a brief stint in the army in the 60th Field Artillery. A member of the Republican Party, he ascended into politics with a close friendship with President Baldwin. Entering the world of international relations, Steinhardt served as the American Ambassador to Sweden where he was given the Order of the Polar Star by King Gustav V in 1936. The civil war in America forced Steinhardt to return home and he decided to offer his allegiance to the Provisional Government in New England. Following the great war, Steinhardt served as the American ambassador to [RUS.GetName] until his most recent and unfortunately final appointment as ambassador to [CAN.GetName].
Memento Mori
Connecting Cape Cod to the Continent
Since the completion of the Cape Cod Canal, built at the height of tensions in the Atlantic during the first Weltkrieg, the sleepy fishing communities of Cape Cod have been officially disconnected from mainland Massachusetts. In the wake of our most recent infrastructure projects, however, the communities on Cape Cod are once again connected with the rest of the state. Speculators are beginning to buy up property along the untouched waterfront, preparing for a promised post-war tourism boom. To the locals, the towering metal silhouettes of the Bourne and Sagamore Bridges are the harbingers of a new era, one which will almost certainly bring sweeping changes to these quiet shores.
Next up, a bridge to Nantucket!
Death Knell of the Maine Klan
Since its inception as a compromise between the divided congress of the American antebellum, the northernmost state of Maine has long been considered a land of moderation and tranquility. To this end, the political trends in Maine are a good measure of the national mood, with its September gubernatorial election widely considered a predictor of the following national elections. In recent years, however, a new wave of immigration from French Canada to the mill-towns of central Maine has disrupted the homogeneity and tranquility of the state. With a growing community of devout Catholics in the state, the entrenched Protestant majority increasingly turned to charismatic magician turned Ku Klux Klan Leader F. Eugene Farnsworth, who developed a deep web of Klan patronage and community which threatened to subsume the ruling Republican Party.\n\nThese tensions would come to a head in 1926, when a clique of pro-Klan Republicans led by Governor Owen Brewster were soundly defeated by the old guard of the party, which joined forces with their Democratic enemies to secure the election of an anti-Klan senator. In the wake of this electoral defeat, the Maine Klan suffered a number of legal and monetary setbacks, leading to a near universal collapse. While the Klan itself has all but dissolved, a more insidious legacy remains. A number of sheriffs and municipal administrators across the state were put in place by the Klan more than a decade ago, and continue to maintain Klan values in much of the state.\n\nAs far as official membership goes, on the other hand, all that remains are the Women of the Klan, who continue to fund a collection of local chapters through bake sales and church meetings.
I'll stay away from Klan Kasserole, thanks...
Secretary of Commerce Derides Conditions in the South
Brutally devastated by the horrors of modern war, much of the South lies in shambles following the civil war. The already rural south faces a greater need for reconstruction compared to the rest of the country as thousands are left homeless and penniless with the South's second defeat in recent history.\n\nThe Secretary of Commerce, Frances Perkins has called for greater labour standards in the new reconstructed social order of the South following the conclusion of the civil war. She was joined by Roman Catholic social justice advocate Francis J. Haas (dean of the School of Social Science of the Catholic University of America), a proponent of an occupational labour group system somewhat along the lines of that established by American railroads - management and workers as the machinery for a sound social order. In a panel discussion held at the Catholic Committee of the South in Richmond, Virginia - the two discussed labour, family life, and industry in the postwar South.\n\nPerkins in particular has called for a rebuilding of the labour standards as she deems the pre civil-war labour standards to be \
The south can not be left behind!
Formation of the National Ski Patrol
An experience of ski tragedies shook the worldview of amateur skier and insurance agent Charles Minot Dole in 1936 that would lead him to spearhead a national organisation dedicated to ski safety and rescue. On a ski trip in Stowe, Vermont, Dole fractured his ankle, and he had no one to save him but his friend Frank Edson who just happened to pass by. Two months later, Edson went on his own ski race and fractured his ribs and arms while also suffering from lung collapse. The severe injury led to Edson's unfortunate death - and would have a lasting impression on Dole.\n\nThe president of the National Ski Association, Roger Langley, asked Dole to chair a ski accident study for the NSA and set up patrols for the 1938 National Downhill and Slalom Races. The success of this little project convinced Langley to ask Dole to charter a provisional patrol on a national basis throughout the United States. Dole took heavy inspiration from the Parsenndienst, a Swiss patrol in Davos, Switzerland, forming his own ski patrol. However, unlike the Swiss patrol, members of the American patrol did not charge for rescue or care. His \
We watch out for each other!
Secretary of State Acheson Refuses Relief Cuts
In a reaffirmation of the Entente Alliance, Secretary of State Dean Acheson has announced today that despite the clamour for relief cuts, [NEE.GetName] will continue to support the French and British nations in their hour of need. As American aid and relief continues to pour into war-torn Europe, isolationists and critics of American foreign policy have pushed to cut relief efforts. Acheson mentioned that he had heard that the European peoples seeking assistance were not hard-working and were instead reliant on American support.\n\nTo these critics of American overseas aid, Acheson argued that Europeans were not lazy - pointing out the rise in pre-war production in France and Britain. Acheson further admonished that if [NEE.GetNameDef] failed or refused to help the governments of Western Europe restore order; the citizens of these countries can easily fall sway to the seductive lure of syndicalism and socialism once more. To Acheson, the continued relief shipments to the European free world reflected America's strong commitment to global democracy and freedom - a commitment it intends to keep.
They need our help!
Wells Calls For The Death of Isolationism
The past history of the United States has shown the futility of taking the isolationist stance. Despite a quick colonial war at the turn of the century with the fading power of the Spanish Empire, the United States began a shift in foreign policy towards isolation. While this trend successfully kept our young men from dying needlessly in the fields of Flanders over a European scuffle, American global interests were devastated. The collapse of the Third French Republic was to be a quick showcase of the tremors that were to come in the next half decade. Five years later, when the British Empire collapsed and the stock exchange plummeted, America found itself in its darkest hour since the outbreak of hostilities in 1861. As the Germans pushed the Americans out of the greater European market, and with longstanding American allies falling to socialist revolts, the United States was forced to turn inwards in hopes of outlasting the storm. This isolationist stance saw a decreasing American presence abroad until finally the fires of the second American civil war consumed America once more.\n\nIn a speech given to the New York Times, Secretary of State Sumner Wells decried that \
To be isolated, is to be blind.
Census To Require Previous Affiliation With Radicals
The Department of Justice has brought forth a proposal to the desk of President [NEE.GetLeader]. Under the new proposal, the results of the upcoming census would be made immediately available to the Federal Bureau of Investigations, the Office of Naval Intelligence, and the intelligence division of the War Department. These records detailing industrial records as well as previous affiliation with radical groups such as the Share Our Wealth movement or the Socialist Party of America would become subject to their knowledge. They claim that this would allow them to quickly face any potential instigators of unrest that would negatively affect the defence of [NEE.GetNameDef]. Prominent politician Charles Tobey of New Hampshire, a vibrant opponent of the proposed census, went as far as to decry the proposal as an attempt to \
Authorise the proposal.
Such a bill is un-American!
A New Capital for America?
The once-great capital had been reduced to rubble during the civil war. For the second time in its history, the city's once-mighty avenues and monuments were nothing more than mere shells of their former selves. Intense street-to-street fighting had led to each building in the city turned into a fortress - a depressing fate for what was once the heart of American democracy.\n\nWith order being restored across the nation and the world recognition of the reunified United States of America, the question of the nation's capital has arisen. Despite being utterly ruined, Washington, D.C. is a powerful candidate. The return of a President to the White House and the Congresses held in the Capitol would legitimise the Provisional Government of New England as the heirs to American democracy. On the other hand, the city of Boston also poses a powerful argument. The birthplace of the American Revolution and the temporary capital during the nation's darkest days, Boston has undoubtedly proved its worth as the nation's capital. And finally, there is the proposal that the nation's capital should be moved westward, to the middle of the country. St. Louis has long been the bridgeway between the East and the West and would fit a vast nation like America.
Washington, D.C.
Boston
St. Louis.
Val-Kill Industries narrowly holds on
Over the last several months, many current and former workers along the Hudson River came together to pitch in their earnings and save the company collectively. Despite the scarcity of the Great Depression that still ravages the country, these men owe much of their success to the quartet of women who helped start the company.\n\nStemming from her work in the '20s as a part of the Women's Trade Union League, widow of the late Franklin Roosevelt, Anna 
True American Spirit.
Establishment of the OWI
Today, President [NEE.GetLeader] has announced the creation of the Office of War Information (OWI) with Elmer Davis, a popular radio commentator, as its chief executive. The agency has been given the responsibility of coordinating overseas and domestic communications, publications, and broadcasts.\n\nCreated by executive order, the OWI hopes to coordinate radio, films, newsreels, and press releases in a way that reflects the views held by the President [NEE.GetLeader]. To ensure that the film industry properly depicts the goal of the American war effort, the OWI gave each studio a detailed and constantly expanded advisory manual on how motion pictures can be used to inform and educate the country and its allies on the truth of democracy. In particular, the guide has stressed that movies must commit themselves to present African-Americans as equal partners in American democracy - showcasing the tolerance of the American nation. OWI manuals stress that motion pictures emphasise the totalitarian dictatorships that had deposed the democracies of Britain and France.\n\nAlong with depicting the evils of the enemy, the OWI has instructed movies to portray America's allies as heroic nations to counter negative stereotypes. American newsreels that portrayed the French Exiles as a colonial state have been instructed to change their content to portray the mission and goal of the French exiles as just and valiant. The OWI hopes that Americans see their allies as one free world, desperately fighting against the horrors of syndicalism. The moving images of the suffering in the Indian Civil War and the tales of Communard brutality from occupied France evoke feelings of citizenship and patriotism among all Americans.
Today, President [NEE.GetLeader] has announced the creation of the Office of War Information (OWI) with Elmer Davis, a popular radio commentator, as its chief executive. The agency has been given the responsibility of coordinating overseas and domestic communications, publications, and broadcasts.\n\nCreated by executive order, the OWI hopes to coordinate radio, films, newsreels, and press releases in a way that reflects the views held by the President [NEE.GetLeader]. To ensure that the film industry properly depicts the goal of the American war effort, the OWI gave each studio a detailed and constantly expanded advisory manual on how motion pictures can be used to inform and educate the country and its allies on the truth of democracy. In particular, the guide has stressed that movies must commit themselves to present African-Americans as equal partners in American democracy - showcasing the tolerance of the American nation. OWI manuals stress that motion pictures emphasise the totalitarian dictatorships that had deposed the democracies of Britain and France.\n\nAlong with depicting the world's villains, the OWI has also instructed cinemas to portray the joint war effort between the Provisional Government of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef]. Interviews are held of the soldiers, pilots, seamen, and leaders that had fought for freedom and democracy in America's darkest hours. The OWI hopes that with more depictions of national unity, the people of this nation will recover and rebuild after years of civil war.
To a better world!
The Battle of the Bonds
With the support of movie stars across the nation, Henry Morgenthau has officially kicked off the Fifth War Loan. With an initial announcement from Orson Welles and President [NEE.GetLeader] to the whole nation, the war drive has begun! Americans across the nation listened to the voices of today's celebrities speaking on the importance of bond participation in person, on the screen, through the radio, and even on a projected screen outside on the beach. The Hollywood spokespeople allows for a stronger national coordination of local war bond events as communities across the country watch and listen. Together, Americans find themselves wrapped in patriotic unity - called to arms by those they admire the most.\n\nFollowing the announcement, the National Association of Visual Education Dealers presented trophies to distributors that helped spread films in the war loan. Americans regardless of race, colour, and creed gathered to support the war loan, bringing their dollars to the service of Uncle Sam. Bonds had been issued during the Great Depression but these war bonds were marketed as Series E. The drive plans to surpass previous records of war bond buying - a testament to the profound unity of Americans from coast to coast.
Uncle Sam needs YOUR support!
Hollywood Investigated
A congressional hearing organised by the House Unamerican Activities Committee was held today in Los Angeles, and while the hearings were initially held behind closed doors to avoid undesired attention, news of a so-called \
Syndicalists everywhere?
The Hollywood Ten
Several movie executives met at the Waldorf Astoria hotel in New York. They issued a public statement condemning the actions of the \
Our cinemas must be free of such propaganda!
The Selection of a Chief Justice
With the court system in complete shambles, legal scholars have approached the [NEE.GetLeader.GetSurname] administration about appointing a new Supreme Court to begin to build a federal court system for New England. Their choice was unanimous, the former federal judge Learned Hand.\n\nBillings Learned Hand was born in 1872 and grew up in upstate New York. He was initially appointed to the District Court for the Southern District of New York in 1909 by William Howard Taft. After 12 years as a district judge, and with a strong progressive reputation he was promoted to the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals by President McAdoo in 1921.\n\nAs a judge for the 2nd Circuit, Judge Hand has shaped every area of the law including contracts, torts, copyright law, and especially free speech law. His progressive leanings are obvious, but that has not stopped him from being a fair and brilliant jurist.\n\nSome particular legal scholars support Judge Hand because of his sympathetic views towards a revolutionary piece of legislation which has been only conceived of in the last few years: the Uniform Commercial Code. As the Great Depression was ripping its way through the United States, some legal scholars believed they could incentivise further economic activity by streamlining the rules governing commercial contracts. Per the constitution, the federal government may only govern interstate commerce, not commerce that is done within one state. The UCC would establish universal contract principles as agreed on many legal scholars, and then would be adopted by each of the several states which would make contract law predictable and consistent across the country. That predictability would decrease legal fees for nationwide companies and would further incentivise commerce, and strengthen the recovery.\n\nWhile the code has not even entered the drafting phase, Judge Hand is a proponent of such a code, and thus many pro-business people support his nomination as well. It's fair to say that he has the experience and the qualifications.
An excellent choice!
You will enter a coalition with the §YDemocratic Party§! but the political power given by them will only be §Rhalf§! of the power given if they were in power
The [GetYear] Provisional President
The outbreak of the Second American Civil War separated New England from the rest of the nation. In the absence of a responsible government, the local state governments have organised a vote to determine who shall lead as the provisional president of New England. In hopes of shoring up some of our legitimacy, the provisional president will only serve until 1940, when a normal election cycle will occur. The convention has come up with three options.\n\nThe Republican Party has put forward their candidate of Lewis Barrows, a longstanding Republican committeeman and just recently elected into the governorship of Maine in 1936. Running alongside him is Styles Bridges, the former governor and current senator for New Hampshire. While they have promised to work with Democrats to bring about social relief for those still suffering under the Great Depression, they remain committed to fighting what they view as excesses in unionisation and welfare subsidies.\n\nRunning against them for the Democratic Party is David Walsh, the former Governor of Massachusetts and current senator of the same state. While he has not been supportive of large government projects ever since his political defeat in 1924, the party has chosen his running mate accordingly. Prospective vice-president Theodore Green, recently elected Senator of Rhode Island, is a fervent defender of big government. He has already delivered speeches outlining plans to ensure relief reaches the people and enacting wage and rent reform to keep the bottom line up.\n\nFinally, in an unorthodox approach for an equally unusual election, moderates from both the Democratic and Republican Party have pushed forward the option of Joseph Martin Jr, a member of the House of Representatives for Massachusetts for over the last decade. He has agreed to have Joseph Ely as his running mate, which will mark the first time since John Adams and Thomas Jefferson's election in 1796 that members of opposing political parties will run together. Promising a middle ground where both parties have equal input on national policy, they hope that the moderates can carry their way into the presidency.
The Republicans come out on top.
A compromise cabinet is needed at this time!
The Democrats win the vote.
An Alliance between Labor and the Democrats
As the 1940 election rolls ever closer, the Democrats seek to sweep the president's office from the incumbent Barrows. To help their chances, the Democratic Party has sought after the Progressive Party's influence and their ties to the American labour movement. They plan to present themselves as the ally of the poor worker. If Perkins and her allies can rally together enough Progressive votes to ensure the Presidency does not remain in Republican hands, she will earn a cabinet position as the secretary of commerce in the Democratic cabinet should they win the 1940 election.
For the people!
An Alliance between Prohibition and the Republicans
With the 1940 election just around the corner, the Republicans have made plans to take office for themselves. Since the provisional elections, David Walsh and the Democrats have controlled the presidency. To give themselves the edge over the Democrats, the Republicans have reached out to the Prohibition Party in search of votes. They hope to woo the Prohibition Party by offering Roger Babson, their proposed Presidential nominee, a position in the cabinet in 1940 should the Republicans win the election with the Prohibition voters' additional help.
To a more moral America!
Congress Back In Full Swing
With the 1940 Presidential Election and the end of the interim President's cabinet - the [NEE.GetName] government has decided to reconvene the former Congress of the United States. The 1940 Congress will be held with much anticipation in the nation's capital of [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] - the first Congressional meeting since the national disaster.\n\nThe idea of the Congress is one highly tied to the values of American democracy. The First American Civil War would be the watershed event to resolve slavery amidst the endless debates held between the Democratic and Republican parties. During the Gilded Age of the late nineteenth century, lobbying activities intensified as lobbying groups became an increasingly prominent force in American politics. The division between American political groups and the passage of the Seventeenth Amendment, and the woes caused by the Great Depression led to the radicalisation of Congress in the 1930s. Congress became a battleground in the days before the Second American Civil War, with national unity rapidly disintegrating.\n\nThe 1940 Congress plans to rebuild the faith of Americans in the legislative branch of government. With the radicals gone from the halls of Congress, the party system is now restored to its antebellum days - a Congress once more divided between the Republican and Democratic Parties. Passing legislation from one of the two will undoubtedly strengthen their dominance in the government, and therefore, a balance must be held between the two parties to ensure national unity. With this national unity, we will keep the American political machine moving once more - and restore our people's faith in American democracy.
With the recent legislative elections, the makeup of Congress has differed enough to give it a fresh start once more. In the highly anticipated Congress of 1944, congressional leaders and representatives are on their way to [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to attend the Congress.\n\nAmong the issues anticipated to be discussed are labour reform, education reform, and national construction projects. In particular, the Republican Party seeks to regulate the labour movement to not fall into the seduction of socialism while also trying to provide security for the thousands of veterans left broken by the great conflict. The Democratic Party will be pushing for increased government intervention in the nation's economy - hoping that with the government's hand, the nation's economy will rebuild. Their platform will hope to see the return of the Works Progress Administration and the implementation of fair labour policies. A house divided against itself cannot stand, and therefore, an effective Congress must balance Republican and Democratic policies. We must make sure to keep this tense balance so that our nation's political machine continues to move along steadily.
Towards unity!
Attack the Depression
Unlike the rest of the nation that switched into wartime production, the Great Depression continues to plague New England. Unless meaningful government intervention is taken, the problems of the Depression will continue to slow down New England's economic growth and render any attempts at claiming national legitimacy useless.\n\nThe recently appointed Secretary of Commerce, Harry Hopkins has brought up the notion of a \
Vice President Joseph Ely working closely with the prospective Vice President for the Democratic ticket, Theodore Green have brought a request to the desk of the President. Ely favours a debt based public works programme in an effort to attempt to solve the rampant unemployment. While President Martin Jr has made it known that he has issues with this \
On the president's desk lay a manila folder entitled \
We need a united legislature!
Mail Campaign
Several state governors and representatives have encouraged their constituents to write into the president's office in Boston. Most of these government officials fall into the Democratic large government camp who wish to see a significant expansion in their available resources. Leading the charge in upstate New York is Representative George Bradshaw Kelly. Ever popular with his support base of industrial union workers, he has held several speeches centred on what he refers to as \
Let our voices be heard!
[NEE.GetLeader] agrees to the Second Square Deal
For decades, the Great Depression has crippled the industry of the North. The lines of people queued at soup kitchens and businesses closing became a norm as the American economy continued to decline.\n\nWith its second civil war in recent history, the American industry across the nation has exploded as production has turned to war material. However, the provisional government of New England continues to lag behind due to our nation's neutrality amidst the chaos and the storm. In the face of such outright aggression, President [NEE.GetLeader] has announced his plan to revitalise New England's industry and prepare the country for all that is to come. The free market will be unable to solve New England's economic woes, the government will have to take an active and dynamic approach in solving the crisis. With the help of government-sponsored work programs, Congress aims to bring New England's people to the factories as the nation prepares to fight through America's darkest hour.
To a brighter future!
Housing Act of [GetYear]
Working under the Secretary of the Interior, the young Robert Weaver has pushed the government to reduce the prices of the cost of living. With the approval of [NEE.GetLeader], Weaver has drafted the United States Housing Program to provide financial support to local housing departments. Of particular focus for this programme, Weaver hopes that this housing programme can provide subsidies for his fellow African-American brothers and sisters. They have been particularly affected by the prolonged depression. As some of the first workers laid off from farms and industrial plants, many are currently struggling to provide housing and food to their families.
Let us provide a roof for every head!
Rural Electrification Administration
Many large cities throughout [NEE.GetNameDef] have access to electricity. The rural Northeast can not say the same. Dense forests and poor infrastructure have left many of our citizens in states like New Hampshire or Maine in the dark. Before the outbreak of the civil war, as little as 11 per cent of the United States had access to electricity. With most power distribution lying in private companies' hands, there was no impetus for companies to create far-flung infrastructure across the country. Many companies had quoted prices of nearly 2,000 dollars per mile to build the needed power lines.\n\nThe Rural Electrification Act of [GetYear] seeks to remedy this issue. Loans are to be made available for large-scale projects such as new power plants or power lines and individual homes. The interest rate on these loans shall be kept low by tying them to the federal government borrowing rates. Furthermore, repayment plans can be extended up to 25 years to help bring affordable modernity to rural America!
A light in every home!
Opening of Acadia National Park
After nearly a year of intensive labour and hard work, the boys of Eagle Lake have finished creating some of the first hiking trails of a new national park in Maine. While much remains to be done in the region, the young men employed through the CCC have created much beauty in the region of Acadia. Sections of forest have been cleared or trimmed to provide material for other construction projects while enabling visitors to explore the forest properly. Of particular note are the large granite blocks weighing upwards of one ton in weight which were cut and laid by hand along the path.
Have you seen the view from there?
Army Reform Debate
With the civil war consuming the rest of the nation, each side has found itself rapidly militarising. The emergency national guard units called up to maintain security on our southern border may not be adequate to defend [NEE.GetNameDef]. Two prominent sides have formed among the general staff on how to approach the army of [NEE.GetNameDef].\n\nMerritt Edson and his fellow marine officers propose greater training of the special forces. A small core of highly mobile, professional soldiers would act as America's sword and shield to blunt any blows made by the enemy as well as take the fight to them! They propose that the national guard and our Canadian allies take control of the border's general defence.\n\nMeanwhile, George Kenney advocates for a general enlargement of the military, including conscription. Relying on Canada to defend our borders places us at the mercy of Ottawa. With a large population in the Northeast, [NEE.GetNameDef] has plenty of potential recruits for the armed forces. Kenney argues that our position and industrial capabilities allow our forces to grow in size without large shortages.
America's strength lies in her special forces
The American Army must be greatly expanded
Congress debates child workers
As the Industrial Revolution arrived in the United States, factory owners would hire young workers for various tasks. Especially in the textile mills that categorise much of New England, finding children in the factories has not been uncommon. Children tend to work in factories and mines as their small statures make it easy to handle machinery and navigate tight spaces. Since 1870, the number of children in the workforce increased, and now with New England attempting to rebuild its industry - that number has not stopped growing.\n\nNonetheless, the implementation of children in the workforce has attracted a substantial degree of controversy. Factory work is dangerous, and children find themselves exposed to the chemicals and machinery of the industrial workplace that often leads to horrible accidents or death. Activist groups such as the National Child Labor Committee (formed in 1904) have risen up in response to child labour, often publicising young people's lives and working conditions. The Syndicalist cause has also seen efforts to reduce the number of children in the workforce and instead create state compulsory education laws to keep children in schools rather than at work. With New England's industry beginning to recover, Congress has now brought the issue of child labour to its latest debate. While some argue that children are needed to help struggling families and help New England's industry compete with the rest of the American continent, many believe that the practice of child labour is inhumane. Instead, they have pushed Congress to provide compulsory universal education laws nationwide, following the age-old New England tradition of education. Doing so would significantly enhance our research and intellectual capacity as we create a new generation of scientists and researchers, although this would cost fewer hands in the factories.
Keep them at work
Restrict their hours during the school day
Congress debates implementing wage reform
The substantial rise of syndicalism across the nation occurred due to the agitation of labour to the seemingly oppressive practices of the industrial barons that dominated the nation's economy. While Congress is indeed wary of the totalitarian and pervasive radical nature of socialism, the latest Congressional debate brings the issue of wage and labour standards to the table.\n\nThis proposed new law aims to amend the labour agitation in the country while also keeping the populace far from the allure of syndicalism. Supported by individuals within the Bureau of Labour Standards and Congresswoman Mary T. Norton, the proposal plans to formally adopt an eight-hour workday, a forty-hour workweek, and a wage for overtime hours. The act declares that workers must be paid a minimum wage and that the overtime wage must be one-and-a-half times what workers would usually be paid. The act also aims to cover younger workers and declares that workers under eighteen are exempt from specific dangerous jobs. Critics of the proposed law argue that it is nothing more than syndicalism in sheep's clothing and that the law dramatically strengthens workers and unions who may use the act as motivation to demand more. On the other hand, proponents of the law are confident that the passage of such protection will guarantee worker loyalty - ensuring that the issue of labour rights is dealt with for the time being.
A fair day's wage!
Reject this syndicalism!
An Unpleasant Scandal
\
A Time For Greatness?
Yet Another Scandal
With Kennedy replacing Walsh on the Democratic Party's ticket, it would appear that the Democratic party would bounce back. However, once again, another scandal rocks the Democratic ballot - one that could potentially shift the election heavily in favour of the Republicans. Such a loss will end the two terms of Democratic dominance in [NEE.GetNameDef] political scene.\n\nDocuments and witnesses report that Joseph P. Kennedy has been in league with the former mayor of Boston, James Curley. Due to their shared Irish-Catholic heritage, the two men are pretty close and often seen together within the Massachusetts political scene. It would appear that Joseph Kennedy has paid off Curley for political favours - no doubt in efforts to secure Democratic support for Kennedy's presidential run or perhaps to secure a spot in Congress for Kennedy's son, Joseph F. Kennedy. With Joseph P. Kennedy disgraced, the Democratic Party again has another scandal to deal with and no presidential candidate to contest the Republicans. They have hastily nominated Maurice Tobin to win over their voting base, although it appears that for now, the Republicans possess a tremendous advantage in winning the election of 1944.
Hopefully Tobin will save the Democrats.
Fair Labour Standards Policy
All-American Lease
As the fire rages to the south of our border, it is our responsibility to assist our neighbour in putting out the fire. While not as safe as loaning a firehose to a neighbour in need, our military production facilities can be offered to those fighting on our side in the civil war. While we must still retain some production to protect ourselves, we have the opportunity to do our part to help ensure that our ally does not falter!
Send 1 Factory to our allies
Send 2 Factories to our allies
Send 3 Factories to our allies
We cannot spare anything at this time
[FROM.GetName] has begun leasing us equipment
With the signing of the All-American Lease Act in [NEE.GetName], their government has authorised the beginning of a lease programme towards us. Some of their industrial capacity has begun to be transported to assist us during these trying times. They are currently sending us [?NEE_sent_mil] military factories!
We can always use a leg up!
§CTrials concerning the politicians that supported rebels and traitors shall begin§!\n
§CTrials concerning the leadership of the armed forces that supported rebels and traitors shall begin§!\n
The Trial of [WCA.GetNameDef]
The press and curious onlookers gathered today in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to witness the trial of the former members of [WCA.GetNameDef]. Flynn, Thomas, Foster, and Browder...these names were read over and over in the courtrooms, with each verdict yielding either 
Forgiveness is a virtue.
But we shall not exercise it.
The Trial of [APG.GetNameDef]
The trial of [APG.GetNameDef] began in earnest today in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] with many onlookers curious to see whether or not the South would be punished for a second time. Huey Long was not present, having fled the nation in the final days of the Civil War, and in his stead were scattered members of his party, including Charles Coughlin, Charles Lindbergh, and George Moseley. While their lawyers argued passionately that these men fought to preserve true American democracy and to defend it from falling into radicalism and socialism, the acts of Huey Long and his cohort did nothing but drive our nation further into dissolution. Their leader was nothing more than a demagogue, and many in their ranks espouse racist rhetoric, words that do not belong in our country. In addition, these men fought for an impure form of democracy, and there are plenty of eye-witness reports of Minutemen organising lynching mobs. While some are pleading for amnesty or light terms for members of the former APG, some believe that these men and women were traitors in our nation's worst crisis. The final decision rests with the jury.
Forgiveness is a virtue.
But we shall not exercise it.
The Trial of [ACC.GetNameDef]
Held in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the trial of the former [ACC.GetName] began today amidst quite some controversy. Many have argued that [ACC.GetNameDef] fought for true American democracy as the nation crumbled around them. Already, the lawyers of Merriam, Gellatly, and Johnson are petitioning the jury to understand that the leaders of [ACC.GetNameDef] truly hoped to keep American democracy alive, and they did nothing more than defend the Constitution. Such arguments certainly have had their sway, but it cannot be denied that [ACC.GetNameDef] fought against us in the Civil War and that New England blood was shed fighting against them. Surely they must be punished for their rebellion and refusal to accept us as the remaining haven of American democracy. Their participation in the Civil War was ultimately treason, such treason that can not be so lightly addressed. The final decision rests with the jury.
Forgiveness is a virtue.
But we shall not exercise it.
The Trial of the Federal Government
Held today in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the trial of the former United States of America began much to the curiosity of curious onlookers and observers. This was because they witnessed the trial of the former United States of America; even the former President [USA.GetLeader] was forced to sit trial. The prosecution declared that the former president's inaction and surrender of power to demagogues such as MacArthur led to the national crisis that drove our nation to its Second Civil War. Their inability to combat the economic problem that left millions of Americans workless was added to their list of crimes. While the prosecution desires harsh penalties for the former leaders of the United States, some argued that they tried their best to help the nation from a nearly impossible situation. They have pleaded for amnesty in the hopes of what they see as an eventual reconciliation and forgiveness of the former regime. The final decision rests with the jury.
Held today in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the highly anticipated trial of Douglas MacArthur and his military junta finally began much to the curiosity of onlookers and the press. The prosecution went straight for the facts; there was no doubt about it - when confronted with a national crisis, MacArthur had executed a coup that challenged the very nature of American democracy. While he and his cohort claimed the mantle of the former United States of America, the prosecution argued that this was no more than a Military Junta that threw the ideas of the Constitution out of the window. MacArthur himself was nowhere to be seen, having fled the United States in exile after the defeat of his Federal Army. His representatives argued that the old and exhausted General wanted nothing more than to retire in peace. They claimed that the nation was headed towards a radical path that would throw the country into utter anarchy, and MacArthur simply attempted to restore order and preserve American democracy. While many call his actions tyrannical, there are certainly those who believe that MacArthur wanted nothing more than to see an end of radicalism in our country. While the rest of his military clique's fate will be decided in a later trial, the final decision rests with the jury.
Forgiveness is a virtue
But we shall not exercise it
Trial of the Federal Army
With the conclusion of the Federal Government's trial, the military tribunal regarding the fate of the former United States Military has begun. The prosecution pointed out that the military of the former Federal government took steps that intentionally endangered the civilian population and that the lives of many New Englanders were lost due to the actions of the former Federal Army. In addition, members of the prosecution indicated that the judgment should also extend to those in the former United States Navy - the punishment for most of these men would be years behind bars. However, their lawyers have defended the generals and admirals of the former Federal Army by claiming that they only sought to uphold their Constitutional duty and that most were simply following orders. A passionate defence for the former General Eisenhower was made from our very own General Mark Clark. He argued that Eisenhower was genuinely faithful to the ideas of America and that he only fought for the federal government due to his loyalty to defend the American constitution. Advocates of amnesty have argued that their expertise and devotion to the American constitution would be helpful in the reconstruction. However, the prosecution has pointed out that Clark and Eisenhower have been long-time friends since their West Point days, and there is undoubtedly bias in that regard. Ultimately, the final decision rests with the jury.
Allow them to rejoin the Armed Forces
We can't allow traitors to serve
Trial of the Armed Forces of [APG.GetNameDef]
With the conclusion of the trial of [APG.GetNameDef], the military tribunal regarding the fate of their former military has begun. The prosecution pointed out that the generals of [APG.GetNameDef] were all traitors who rebelled and sought to dismantle American democracy. They have also expressed the atrocities committed by the soldiers of [APG.GetNameDef] and have indicated that they want nothing more than long, punishing sentences for the generals and admirals who served for [APG.GetNameDef]. While amnesty for Patton is out of the question given his leadership of the forces of [APG.GetNameDef] during the war, some generals and admirals such as General Robert M. Danford and Admiral John McCain Sr have expressed their greatest regret for serving on the wrong side. Advocates for amnesty have pointed out the men's curious devotion to American values of freedom and their willingness to take up arms against syndicalism. These men are willing to serve the American armed forces once more, and perhaps their expertise is needed to rebuild the [NEE.GetName] military and navy. Ultimately, the final decision rests with the jury.
Allow them to rejoin the Armed Forces
We can't allow traitors to serve
Trial of the Armed Forces of [ACC.GetNameDef]
With the conclusion of the trial of [ACC.GetNameDef] finished, the military tribunal regarding the fate of their former military has begun. The generals and admirals in question were not questioned for their loyalties as [ACC.GetNameDef] rose up in response to MacArthur's coup of the former American government. Their devotion to values and ideals of America were not put into question, but the prosecution pointed out that they opposed the legitimacy of New England during the Civil War and that plenty of New Englander blood was shed in subduing the western states. While the prosecution intends to assign sentences or force a permanent retirement on some generals of [ACC.GetNameDef], some generals and admirals such as Marshall and Nimitz have expressed regret for serving on the wrong side during the war. Their lawyers have pleaded for amnesty, citing their utmost devotion to American democracy and their desire to see the ideas of the Constitution upheld in the face of autocracy. Indeed, their skills and expertise would prove valuable in our efforts to rebuild the [NEE.GetName] military and navy. Ultimately, the final decision rests with the jury.
Allow them to rejoin the Armed Forces
We can't allow traitors to serve
Executive Order 7037
Recognising the need for the installation of electrical distribution systems to serve the rural areas of [NEE.GetNameDef], this morning President [NEE.GetLeader] signed Executive Order 7037 into legislation. Also referred to as the Rural Electrification Act of [GetYear], the legislation aims to provide federal loans for the rural areas of the nation. Like the Homestead Act before it that sought to give the common man an 
A light in every home!
Protests in the South
The anti-Jim Crow laws passed by Congress have been met by fierce opposition by staunch segregationists, especially in the South. Riled up by individuals such as Mrs. J.E. Andrews of the Women's National Association For the Preservation of the White Race have accused the government and the NAACP of ruining the \
Do we have to send in the National Guard?
We have bigger priorities at the moment!
President [NEE.GetLeader] Federalises the National Guard
Enough is enough. Declaring that resistance to the new bills would amount to treason, President [NEE.GetLeader] federalised the National Guard - announcing a hardline towards protestors of integration. National Guard units quickly made their way throughout major cities in the South, arresting the rabble-rousers such as Bilbo, Perez, and Andrews. Federal law enforcement conducted a heavy act of suppression across the South, arresting many in white supremacist linked groups such as the Women's National Association for the Preservation of the White Race and the Ku Klux Klan. With much of their leadership behind bars and their organisations shattered, those who have opposed the bill have finally stopped their agitation. Denouncing segregation as \
One step in the right direction finally.
The Riots Escalate
President [NEE.GetLeader]'s inaction has only stirred up the civil unrest in the south. Local law enforcement clearly support the white protestors but Black counter-protestors and their white allies have begun fighting back. Cities like Atlanta and Jackson have turned violent in the past days with looting rampant and civil disorder everywhere. The South burns vehemently in the flames of racial hatred and the foreign reporters are simply stunned at the chaos of the supposed \
It had to come to this.
The future of [NEE.GetNameDef]
Finally, after years of brutal civil war - the American nation is finally in a position where it is capable of asserting itself in the world once more. Together, [ACC.GetNameDef] and the Provisional Government answered the call to liberty in America's darkest hour, putting an end to the radicalism and anarchy that threatened to consume the country.\n\nThe fight for American democracy is finished but that does not mean the New World is free from reaction and revolution. Canada's descent into authoritarianism has led to the United States being the sole bearer of the torch of freedom in the Americas. With that duty comes a great responsibility, to free the western hemisphere from totalitarian governments that are opposed to our values of freedom. To ensure that the countries of the New World remain free from the influence of Berlin and Paris, [NEE.GetNameDef] must take her place as the guardian of the Americas. We will aid and develop friendly and democratic nations as well as liberating the oppressed peoples of authoritarian regimes in order to rebuild the tradition of democracy. With our military, industrial, and economic strength renewed and reinvigorated, we can proudly assert to the world that the West is ours!
Finally, after years of brutal civil war - the American nation is finally in a position where it can assert itself in the world once more. Together, [ACC.GetNameDef] and the Provisional Government answered the call to liberty in America's darkest hour, putting an end to the radicalism and anarchy that threatened to consume the country.\n\nWhile the fight for American democracy is finished, we shall now look to the Pacific and the Far East, where years of colonisation have taken their toll on developing nations. In Southeast Asia, the Germans will attempt to keep their little empire of the Pacific while the Land of the Rising Sun greedily looks towards China and our Pacific possessions. In our moment of national disunity, the Japanese brazenly declared our sphere dead and proceeded to seize our Pacific territories. With our military, industrial, and economic strength renewed and reinvigorated; it is time to put a stop to their imperialism. We will focus our efforts on building relationships with democratic nations in the Pacific and playing the role of the Pacific's guardian. The Pacific will become our sea, and with it our protection as we bring the torch of freedom to the East.
Finally, after years of brutal civil war - the American nation is finally in a position where it can assert itself in the world once more. Left the sole victor in the brutal conflict, the Provisional Government of New England emerged victorious and alone as the torch of freedom in the New World.\n\nWith our legitimacy restored, it is time to plan where we should place our focus. The New World has always been America's domain, and now that our strength is restored, we can rebuild our presence in the Western Hemisphere. No more shall Europe interfere with the governments of the Americas, and we will not allow radicalism to foster and grow right beneath our eyes.\n\nOn the other hand, we cannot ignore the cries of help from the nations of Asia subjugated to foreign imperialism. The Pacific has long been our duty to protect and we should keep it free from the hands of belligerent nations. If we neglect our influence in the East, the West Coast of the nation will surely be threatened. We also haven't forgotten the cowardly move made by the Japanese Empire in seizing our Pacific possessions while our country collapsed into anarchy. Let them know that soon we shall return.
Finally, after years of brutal civil war - the American nation is finally in a position where it is capable of asserting itself in the world once more. In America's darkest hours, the allied nations of the free world came to her aid in liberating the continent from tyranny. America owes a debt to the Entente...a debt that she can finally repay.\n\nThe wounds of civil war are on their final stages of recovery, with the return of order across the nation. All across the country families are being reunited, factories reopened, and cities are all aglow once more. The reunification of the nation under the red white and blue was only made possible with the aid of America's allies, the Entente. During the civil war, the soldiers of Canada, the French Exiles, and the Dominions fought side by side with the men of New England for American freedom. It was thanks to their intervention and aid to us when the nation fell apart, that democracy survives in the New World.\n\nAs our industrial might returns and the army is more experienced than ever before; the American people are ready to fight again. The time to repay our long overdue debt to the Entente has come. We shall announce to the world that America has renewed her pact with her allies in the Entente, henceforth committed to the freedom of this world!
To the Pacific!
Let us restore Monroe!
The old order returns!
Completing this focus will help us heal the wounds of the civil war!
Steel Belt Homes
The great cities of the Midwest, such as Detroit and Chicago, once symbols of the strength of America's ingenuity and industrialisation, lie in utter waste and ruin. While the North escaped the destruction that characterised the First American Civil War, large parts of the Steel Belt now lie in heaps of rock and brick. As the Syndicalist resistance became increasingly fanatical, buildings were turned into bunkers and railways destroyed to prevent them from being used by our forces. Alas, the violence has finally ceased, and the time for recovery has begun. To help heal and reunite the nation, we will pursue a policy of leniency and forgiveness - as now it is time to come together as Americans and not as enemies. To help rebuild the Steel Belt, we will help organise new homes - mustering America's vast manpower to help build a new and enhanced Midwest.
Everyone deserves a roof
Sun Belt Homes
Like Sherman's March, before that terrorised the citizens of Atlanta, the South has been utterly devastated for the second time in recent history. A region not as heavily industrialised as the North with many areas still reliant on agricultural production, the Longists left nothing but destruction in their retreat. As the war neared its conclusion, the Longist resistance grew increasingly fanatical, with demagogues like Patton and Huey Long advocating for nothing less than total war among their people. Cities like New Orleans and Miami are only a shell of their former selves, with poverty and homelessness running rampant among the local population. To help heal and reunite the nation, we will pursue a policy of leniency and forgiveness - as now it is time to come together as Americans and not as enemies. To help rebuild the Sun Belt, we will help organise new homes - mustering America's vast manpower to build a New South once more!
Everyone deserves a roof
Bureau of Refugees, Landless, and Orphaned
In 1865, under an initiative by then-President Abraham Lincoln during the First American Civil War, the Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands (known commonly as the Freedman's Bureau) was created to aid in the reconstruction of the South. While there is debate as to whether or not the legislation was actually successful, the Bureau effectively was abandoned in 1872.\n\nWith the conclusion of the Second American Civil War, Congress has decided to re-establish the Bureau, keeping the humanitarian spirit of its predecessor while also hoping to resolve the former's failures. The organisation has been officially renamed the \
Charity to all
Soaring Approval from Union Leaders
The plight of the American worker is an issue that continues to plague the nation. While the government greatly distrusts the totalitarian and radical views of the revolutionaries who sought to destroy America, unions and workers throughout our country still clamoured for reform. However, thanks to the Labor Standards Act passed by Congress, local union leaders around the nation have applauded our efforts to salvage some of the reforms they fought for. While nothing radical like the reforms promised by the leaders of [WCA.GetNameDef], it seems our efforts have borne fruit, with the unions seeing our government in a new light. In time, the industrious efforts of the American people will finally return, and the extreme views of Reed and his cohorts put to rest at all.
Hopefully this is enough
Rebel Soldiers Pardoned
With the conclusion of the civil war, many former soldiers found their places of employment destroyed. Finding work in the government run programs designed to revitalise the south was made impossible through their association with the armies of [APG.GetNameDef]. Today, such barriers have been removed to allow the south to prosper.
They simply fought for the wrong flag
Amnesty Act of [GetYear]
In the spirit of reconciliation, Congress has officially passed the Amnesty Act of [GetYear]. With the South and North being rebuilt bit by bit, the Amnesty Act will allow for the official pardon of all the soldiers who served in the rebellious factions during the civil war. Like its predecessor in the Amnesty Act of 1872, the new Amnesty Act clarifies that disqualifications in local office or politics for the former rebels have been removed, allowing the country to reunite once more. President [FROM.GetLeader] has officially signed the bill into law today and has directed district attorneys in charge of prosecutions of the former rebels to discontinue them. While the top leaders of [WCA.GetNameDef] and [APG.GetNameDef] will still be put on trial, many of their former servicemen and lower-ranking officials have been granted the presidential pardon. From the Pacific to the Atlantic, the American colossus has begun to pick herself up after stumbling in the chaos of civil war. The memories and trauma of the war will not quickly fade, and the road to reconstruction will still be a difficult one. Nonetheless, the President has assured the nation through a radio address that the great ordeal has done nothing but made the United States stronger, and soon she will be ready to take her place among the world's nations once more.
We are all Americans!
Factory Protest turns into Violent Riot
With its main building covering nearly eighty-two acres and over 30 city blocks, the Dodge Chicago Plant was at one time the largest building in the world. Designed by the so-called 
Glad we nipped it in the bud.
Urban Martial Law Expanded
The bloodshed at the Dodge Plant did not go unanswered. Enraged at the casualties of 97 Guardsmen, the National Guard began a brutal suppression of workers all across the Steel Belt. The riot in Chicago had provoked similar outbursts of working-right-related risings, all of which became quickly suppressed. Harsh curfews were enforced on Steel Belt cities, and the region has effectively been placed on martial law, with frequent night patrols roaming the streets in search of disturbances. While the actions of the police and National Guardsmen have attracted controversy among some media outlets, the President has justified the military's intervention in the crisis, arguing that the National Guard only intends to prevent future provocation from radicals and reactionaries alike. As the Steel Belt burns in flames, the rest of America wonders how much longer must the blood be shed before peace and order are finally restored.
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
National Guard intervenes on Southern Protestors
The pervasiveness of racism acts as a near norm in the Deep South, where decades of Black Codes and Jim Crow legislation have held African-Americans from advancing in society. Despite the efforts of Reconstruction, the South's resistance to black integration has only grown worse, with segregation at every lunch counter and even water fountains separated.\n\nAs Congress continues to pass laws to federally repeal Jim Crow legislation, their actions have attracted nothing but anger and rage among Southerners heavily resistant against change. Today, white mobs gathered in cities like Birmingham and Montgomery to protest integration and desegregation, with many proclaiming 
The hatred of racism knows no bounds.
Bombingham comes under Federal Protection
Across the nation, the country is gripped with fear and concern at the headlines of 
A bomb at every corner.
Press leaks controversial oath bill
Across the nation, a national scandal has arisen over the leaking of the Ironclad Oath Bill to the general public. The proposed bill offers a harsh stance towards reconstruction by declaring that only those who had never bore arms against the Union or supplied or aided the opposing factions during the Civil War were allowed to vote. Therefore, the proposed law would disfranchise thousands of Americans, even civilians who had helped the radicals and revolutionaries somehow. The leaking of the bill has provoked nothing but outrage across the country, and many are taking to the streets to protest the proposal.
How could they write this?
Posse Comitatus Repealed
The continued destabilisation of the nation in recent days has led to great concern among the civilian population, many of whom are weary of the years of civil war. Violent strikes in the North and terror attacks in the South have become the norm as Longist and Syndicalist terrorists continue to fight their war despite their official surrender. With unrest in major American cities and states, Congress has officially repealed the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878.\n\nSigned by then-President Rutherford B. Hayes, the Act limited the power of the Federal Government in the use of federal military personnel to enforce domestic policies within the United States. The Act was designed to be passed in response to the Federal army occupation of the South during the twelve years of Reconstruction during the Civil War. In a sweeping form of legislation today, Congress has declared that the continued terrorism and violence of the remnant Syndicalist and Longist resistance movements must be crushed at all costs. The Act has officially been dissolved, giving the Federal Government the ability to use the military, air force, and navy to enforce its will. With the Army's tanks and trucks on their way to the major cities of resistance like Birmingham and Chicago, civilians have already begun to voice their concerns as the nation descends into complete martial law.
So this is how liberty dies...
Final Appalachian Stronghold cleared
The military's hand is now fully drawn following the repeal of the Posse Comitatus Act in a significant federal attempt to crush resistance; the army has now focused on a prominent centre of Syndicalist resistance in West Virginia. Coal Mining had flourished in West Virginia during the late 1800s, and by 1917, the coal mining industry accounted for nearly 89,348,000 tonnes of coal. A hotbed of Syndicalist radicalism, areas like Mingo County and the Little Coal River became havens of socialist resistance, with miners and partisans stocking up in ammunition and arms.\n\nThe foggy and misty Appalachian Mountains proved to be a defender's paradise. The miners had access to tunnels and paths that they knew best, striking National Guard units with impact and surprise. Days of sporadic skirmishing and brief encounters led to nothing more than the frustration of the National Guard, although the miners became increasingly outnumbered. Lt. General Thomas J.H. Trapnell and Thomas Francis Hickey planned a coordinated assault involving artillery and air coordination to wipe out the Syndicalist resistance. The Federal Army had intelligence from the air with planes spotting the pockets of resistance in the air, and thus the Federal troops began to shell the Syndicalist resistance to break and weaken the Syndicalist morale. Despite the intense bombardment, the Syndicalists offered considerable resistance, primarily due to their knowledge of the terrain and entrenched positions. Nearly 157 federal troopers would lose their lives in the ensuing operation. However, the Syndicalist efforts would prove futile as their casualties increased and their supplies grew increasingly limited. After a week of intermittent fighting, the last of the miners and partisans began to climb out of their hiding positions, turning in their arms to the federal government.
May this be the last of them!
Bogs Cleared in New Orleans
For weeks, the Klan and remnants of [APG.GetNameDef] had holed themselves in swampy bayous such as the Bayou Corne sinkhole. Nestled among the alligators and the crawfish, these remnants from Long's tyrannical movement still continued to claim to fight for the 
Get outta ma swamp!
Restoration of Home Rule
After weeks of intense martial law and suppression of dissent and seditious activities, rebel resistance has been noted to be at an all-time low. The once mass protests have dissolved into smaller and less organised demonstrations, and there have been fewer incidents of terrorist attacks. The major remnant rebel forces have been successfully subdued, with much of their leadership in chains and their weapons captured. As the nation finally begins to heal from the wounds of the great civil war, the military forces needed to maintain the country's occupation have slowly withdrawn. Checkpoints across the country are being taken down and the curfews lifted in many American cities. With the return of state and local governments once more, America finds herself back up after a brief stumble - ready to take on anything that comes her way.
Back to full running capacity
We have decided to focus on the Pacific
We have decided to focus on the Western Hemisphere
We are helping rebuild the Entente
The Ogdensburg Agreement
This morning the ambassador from [NEE.GetNameDef] brought a request to our foreign office in Ottawa. The [NEE.GetName] government requests that all American land seized by the Entente in 1937 at the outbreak of the Second American Civil War be returned to their control as well as the withdrawal from all Entente forces in American territory. While they have expressed the highest gratitude toward our government for safeguarding them, America finds itself whole again and no longer needs the Entente in American lands. Realising our relationship's importance and value, the American government has proposed a mutual non-aggression pact between our two nations.\n\nWhile the Canadian government can certainly make use of our occupied American territory (and do we trust a war-torn country), the American diplomats have expressed that they would not accept a more protracted Entente occupation. Failure to comply with this will most likely result in a war with our southern neighbour - one we may not possibly afford.
Very well, let the withdrawal begin
America is in chaos. Maintain the occupation until the war is over
The Americans are not in a position to make demands
Canada Returns Puerto Rico to the Americans
This morning, the governor was informed from the Foreign Office that our administration of the island of Puerto Rico has come to an end. During the chaos and conflagration of the Second American Civil War; forces of the Entente occupied the former American territory of Puerto Rico. Administered under our government given our proximity to the islands; the conclusion of the great American conflict has led the [NEE.GetName] government to declare that the territory must be returned to [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. With minimal fanfare; we will announce to the island; the cessation of the occupation and we will honour the arrival of the Americans - with a flag raising ceremony.
It was an honour to safeguard the island.
Canada Returns Puerto Rico to the Americans
This morning, the Canadian government announced to us that the island territory of Puerto Rico would be promptly returned to the Americans following the conclusion of their civil war. The Entente alliance occupied the island due to the chaos of the Second American Civil War. Following a diplomatic arrangement between [CAN.GetNameDef] and [NEE.GetNameDef], the Americans have made it clear that the territory of Puerto Rico must be returned to the United States at once. The Canadian government has agreed, and already the Entente has begun a withdrawal of our island.
Our occupation was brief but honourable. (Play as Canada)
We reassert ourselves once more. (Play as [NEE.GetNameDef])
And we weren't consulted? We shall never submit!
Canada Returns the Panama Canal to the Americans
Following negotiations after the Second American Civil War, the Americans have stressed the importance of the return of the Panama Canal. Occupied by the Entente government during the chaos of the war, the American government has petitioned the Entente government to withdraw its forces from Panama. Respecting the terms of the agreement, the [CAN.GetAdjective] government has fully agreed to the request, and the American colours will soon once again fly over the Canal.
Very well, we accept Ottawa's decision.
We shall never submit!
Results of the Buffalo Conference
The representatives from [CAN.GetNameDef] have agreed to the terms offered by our proficient diplomats. The withdrawal process has begun, and the territories seized by the Entente government will soon be promptly returned to our hands. Both nations have agreed to a mutual non-aggression pact; this is a declaration to the world that the Canadian and American governments will oversee the return of peace, order, and democracy in the New World once more!
Despite our persistence at the negotiation table, the representatives from [CAN.GetNameDef] have made a counteroffer. Citing Canada and the Entente's desperate need for resources to reclaim the Home Islands, the Canadians have requested that we allow them to retain the territory they seized for the duration of the conflict. While we sympathise with their cause greatly, their prolonged occupation is cause for concern. Shall we allow this temporary lease of American territory, or shall we take a more aggressive stance?
Outrage. No better word sums up the reaction of our representatives after they stormed out of the Buffalo Conference. The arrogant representatives from [CAN.GetNameDef] has rejected our proposal to return American territory in exchange for peace along the 49th parallel. A danger to the freedom of the New World; the imperialist ambitions of the British Empire show no limits, and it is clear that all negotiations have failed. We have no choice but to see their return through the force of arms!
The Entente needs all the help they can get.
An aggressive stance with [CAN.GetNameDef]!
Let's back down.
To a prosperous future!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] Threatens War over the American Territories
The envoys from the Buffalo Conference have urgently cabled the Foreign Office in Ottawa to inform the government of the threat of war. It seems that relations are at the breaking point and that all negotiations have failed. Their hurried voices on the other end of the line suggest that the Americans are not making idle threats at this point. Canada finds herself in a precarious position and a war with [NEE.GetNameDef] may not necessarily be in our favour.
We can't afford this. Back down and agree to their terms.
It's a bluff. We'll drive the Yanks back just as we have done before.
The [CAN.GetAdjective] Response
A feeling of relief was felt across the nation today as the Canadian government has decided to hand over the territories they seized at the outbreak of the Second American Civil War. Recognising our renowned military and economic strength, the Canadian government has stressed that they desire nothing more than restoring peace and democracy in the Americas. While their initial response may have been belligerent, this has been a significant diplomatic victory for our country.
Faced with the threat of invasion, the arrogant Canadian government has still refused to hand over the territory they seized. While we do not want to bring our nation to war, we have no choice but to see through the threat we delivered at the end of the Buffalo Conference. With our resurgent military and economic strength, we will deal the British Empire a final crippling blow and see to it the end of their so-called \
A sigh of no relief, peace in our time.
Glory, glory, hallelujah! To arms, America!
Liberate America
Canada Returns Hawaii to the Americans
The conflagration and chaos of the Second American Civil War engulfed the mainland of the United States, leaving us to fend for ourselves. Despite the brief return to our independence this morning, the Foreign Office in Ottawa has informed us that their protection over our islands has ended with the restoration of a unified America. While some are willing to embrace the returned status as an American territory, some yearn for an independent Hawaii, free from rule in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Hawaii will gratefully return to the Union. (Play as Canada)
Hawaii will gratefully return to the Union. (Play as [NEE.GetNameDef])
The Santa Fe Accords
Given the instability caused by the Mexican Revolution and the Second American Civil War, our relationship with the Americans has been strained in recent years. However, with [FROM.GetNameDef] looking outward once more, we have recently been invited to Santa Fe in order to discuss the future of Mexican-American relations. Yet, instead of promises of mutually assured security, we were met only with outrageous demands.\n\n
Furthermore, they demand the immediate restoration of the \
$new_england_events.308.d.start$Unwilling to tolerate a border with the [ROOT.GetFactionName], the Americans demand that we not only revise our global alignment, but replace our government with one closer to their idea of a \
$new_england_events.308.d.start$Unwilling to tolerate a border with a \
$new_england_events.308.d.start$Unwilling to tolerate a border with a \
Given the instability caused by the Mexican Revolution and the Second American Civil War, our relationship with the Americans has been strained in recent years. However, with [FROM.GetNameDef] looking outward once more, we have recently been invited to Santa Fe in order to discuss the future of Mexican-American relations.\n\nIn return for the restoration of the \
The Americans are threatening us! Send word to [INT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] at once!
We will accept these terms.
Who do they think we are? We will never bow down to them!
Our North American allies Threatened!
Worrying news from the Mexican embassy today as the Mexican ambassador has been cabled urgently from Mexico City that [NEE.GetNameDef] has outright threatened the Mexican nation with humiliating terms—the cursed capitalists of [NEE.GetNameDef] demand that their oil rights be restored, that Mexican socialism must be crushed, and that they must abandon their alignment towards us. While war hawks have requested that we immediately ship supplies and men to protect the Mexican nation from this capitalist imperialism, some dissenting opinions have suggested that war with the Americans may strain our already exhausted resources.
The Internationale supports all. Mexico does not stand alone!
Our resources are limited, inform Mexico that they are on their own.
A Reply from the [INT.GetName]
Our cries for help have not gone unheard! Despite the belligerent attitude and stance of the capitalist pigs; the Internationale has promised us that they will not stand idly as our nation is threatened. The workers of the world stand stronger together, a las barricadas!
Grave news from Paris today as the Internationale has informed us that we are on our own. Whether their reasons may be, there will be no help from Paris or London if we reject the American terms. While pessimists are petitioning us to accept the terms of the Americans as we will be forced into a problematic war, the radicals and Warhawks claim that our strength and resolve are enough to drive the imperialists back across the border!
We have no choice but to accept.
Viva Mexico! We will reject their baseless threats!
§RRejecting the American's terms will likely spark war between our two nations!§!
Mexico's Answer to the Santa Fe Accords
After days of negotiation, compromises, and delays - the Mexican government has informed us that they will accept all the terms of the Santa Fe accords. This has been a significant diplomatic victory for us as now the southern border is free of radical influence, and we have rebuilt our close ties with the Mexican nation. For now, peace reigns between our countries, and democracy has been restored to Mexico.
Despite our nation's best intentions - the Mexican delegates at the Santa Fe Accords have informed us that they will not accept our demands. They will continue to persist in their undemocratic traditions and refuse to return what was ours. As we will have a radical neighbour that seeks nothing more than the weakness and dissolution of our nation, hardliners are asking Congress to declare war on the Mexican government formally. However, moderates are asking us to back down, given that our country may not afford a war at the moment.
To greater ties! Salud!
We cannot tolerate this threat. Prepare the troops!
We are in no position to fight a war.
[NEE.GetName] requests the return of the Panama Canal
This morning, the ambassador from [NEE.GetNameDef] petitioned on his nation's behalf of the return of the Panama Canal. While the Canal was under the American sphere, they had lost control of it during their chaotic civil war. With the American strength rebuilt, they are once again seeking to reassert control of this vital strip of territory that connects the great oceans of the Pacific and Atlantic. Let's inform [THIS.overlord.GetName] what the best course of action should be.
This morning, the ambassador from [NEE.GetNameDef] petitioned on his nation's behalf of the return of the Panama Canal. While the Canal was under the American sphere, they had lost control of it during their chaotic civil war. With the American strength rebuilt, they are once again seeking to reassert control of this vital strip of territory that connects the great oceans of the Pacific and Atlantic. Should we keep the canal and risk a conflict, or should we return it peacefully.
Let's ask [THIS.overlord.GetName] for their decision.
Return the Canal.
Keep the Canal!
[NEE.GetName] requests the return of the Panama Canal
We have received word from Panama that [NEE.GetNameDef] has asked the Panamanian government for an official return of the Panama Canal. While the canal was constructed under American oversight and placed under American control, the civil war in America led Panama to seize control of the canal. With the strength of America reinvigorated, some in our government are pushing for us to return control of the canal to [NEE.GetNameDef] although we can always refuse their demands.
Hand over the canal
Keep the canal
A reply from [THIS.overlord.GetName]
It seems that in awe of the American strength [THIS.overlord.GetName] wants us to begin a peaceful transfer of the canal back to [NEE.GetNameDef] . While many Panamanians are upset at this decision, we are not in a position to make demands. Soon the stars and stripes will fly over the canal, indicating our brief but terminated occupation of this strategic gateway.
Our concerns have not gone unnoticed! Despite the American arguments, the [THIS.overlord.GetName] has reported to our leadership that they do not wish for the Americans to regain the canal and be placed in our safekeeping. This is a significant diplomatic victory but one that [NEE.GetNameDef] will most likely be angered with.
The Canal will be returned to the Americans.
Not this time Yankee.
A message from the [685.owner.GetAdjective] Embassy
What was once ours has been returned to us. The calamity that had engulfed the nation presented us as weak, and in our absence, the [685.owner.GetAdjective] seized the Panama Canal that we built after the work [NEE.GetNameDef] has done in protecting the security and independence of Panama. However, today the [685.owner.GetAdjective] ambassador handed us a note from the [685.owner.GetAdjective] government indicating that the government of Panama is willing to part with the Canal peacefully. This is a tremendous moral and diplomatic victory for [NEE.GetNameDef] as we rebuild our strength in the Americas.
In an outrageous move, the [685.owner.GetAdjective]ambassador handed us a note this morning declaring that the [685.owner.GetAdjective] government has refused to return the Canal - despite our nation's military and naval strength. It seems that if the [685.owner.GetAdjective] nation does not listen to reason, they will listen to the power of the American army. This will be a speedy victory, and soon the Canal will be back in our hands.
One step at a time, we reassert our strength.
So they have chosen...poorly.
Has declined to join the Organisation of American States
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] invites us to the Organisation of American States
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] has invited us to join the Organisation of American States formally. As the colossus of the New World has managed to rebuild itself following the devastation of the bloodiest conflict in the history of the American continent - the Americans have invited us to join them in a coalition of like-minded democratic nations of the Western Hemisphere. The Organisation of American States will emphasise trade and closer ties to [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] while the strength of the [NEE.GetName] guarantees our independence.
A Free and Democratic New World!
We politely decline.
[FROM.GetName] replies to our invitation
This morning, the [FROM.GetName] ambassador handed our State Department a note indicating the willingness of their country to join the Organisation of American States. Together, we will ensure that trade ties and relations between our nations grow more robust while at the same time protecting the Western Hemisphere in collective security.
This morning, the [FROM.GetName] ambassador handed our State Department a note indicating that their nation is not willing to join the Organisation of American States. Stating that they do not need the protection of [NEE.GetNameDef] and can do fine economically by themselves - they have stressed that while they appreciate the offer, they will reject our invitation.
Welcome!
A Shame.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] requests that we leave our current faction
For a century, the so-called \
The Americans have threatened us!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] requests that [FROM.GetNameDef] leaves our faction
We have received word from the American embassy; that [NEE.GetNameDef] has requested that [FROM.GetNameDef] revoke their alignment with us and instead position themselves in the American sphere. Citing that they are the legitimate successor state to the American nation that fell in the Second American Civil War; [NEE.GetNameDef] has expressed that the so-called \
The Americas will not be our domain. We will withdraw.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] is in no position to make demands of us.
Organisation of American States
The pervasive nature of reactionaries and revolutionaries will only continue to flood in from Europe until the New World. If America is to be a beacon of democracy in a changing world, she must re-establish her protection and guidance of the Western Hemisphere nations - many of whom are susceptible to foreign destabilisation. To protect this hemisphere; [NEE.GetNameDef] will have to rebuild the Monroe Doctrine to guide the free world in the 20th century and beyond.
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the OAS
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the OAS
Request [FROM.GetNameDef] leave their faction
Inviting a country to the Organisation of American States
Requesting a European faction leave the Western Hemisphere
Inviting a country to a research agreement
Sending officers to another nation
Investing in another nation
Sending aid to another nation
Sending ultimatum to another nation
§RRejecting the American's terms could spark war between our two nations!§!
§RThis action could lead to war§!
§RThis action will lead to war§!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] withdraws from [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] refuses to withdraw from [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]
This morning, the [FROM.GetName] ambassador informed our State Department of their intention to withdraw from [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]. With their withdrawal, the [FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] government is no longer under the influence of Europe and can now be persuaded to join the Organisation of American States. Together, we will establish a free and democratic New World once more!
This morning, the [FROM.GetName] ambassador informed our State Department of their intention to remain in their alliance with [FROM.FROM.GetName]. If the realisation of a free and democratic Western Hemisphere, led by [NEE.GetNameDef], is to come to fruition, this intrusion by [FROM.GetNameDef] will certainly bring tensions between our nations. Unless military strength is considered, we will have to try and seek other allies in the Americas to rebuild our sphere.
Back in Business!
Let it slide for now.
This is unacceptable. We will liberate them.
[ROOT.FactionLeader.GetName] has abandoned us!
Grave news from [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] as their ambassador today has informed us that they will no longer support us. Citing America's resurgent strength and the re-establishment of the Monroe Doctrine, they will withdraw their forces from our borders - we have been abandoned by Europe effectively.
Some ally you are!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] backs down!
In the end, it appears diplomacy, tact, and negotiations have won this day. The Americans will not push our allegiance further, and it is well understood that they will also not use force to demand our submission into their faction. Nonetheless, our gravitation towards [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] has certainly brought tensions between our nation and [NEE.GetNameDef].
Despite our intentions to negotiate and hear out [NEE.GetNameDef], our calls for peace have fallen on deaf ears. We have received news that the American ambassador to our country has been recalled and that war is indeed imminent between the American nation and us. Nonetheless, our ally in [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] has pledged to protect us and guarantee our independence. With our alliance solidified more than ever, we will defend our freedom from the American invaders!
Stronger together!
[FROM.GetName] goes to war!
Citing our refusal to abandon our allies in the Western Hemisphere as an \
Despite pleas for peace at the negotiation table, it appears that [FROM.GetNameDef] sees our alignment with [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] as a threat that must be dealt with. It has been reported to our government; that the American government has officially severed diplomatic relations with [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] and that we will soon join [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] in war with the American nation.
Warmongers!
Reciprocal Defense Treaty with [FROM.GetNameDef]
The Pan-American Reciprocal Defense Treaty
As part of our growing closer ties with [NEE.GetNameDef], they have invited us to sign the \
A wonderful arrangement!
American Officer Training in [FROM.GetNameDef]
American Officers
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] asks if we want American Military Advisors
The [NEE.GetName] Army is perhaps one of the most modern in the world, and its strength is undoubtedly admirable. As a member of the Organisation of American States; [NEE.GetNameDef] has approached our nation with a proposal to send American military advisors and officers to train our forces. They will teach us the latest in military doctrine and help provide us with military training in joint exercises. Of course, we can always politely decline their offer for assistance and instead develop our military with our own resources.
We will take their assistance.
Tell the Americans thanks, but no thanks.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] returns our offer of sending American Military Advsiors.
Our offer to send American military advisors and officers to [FROM.GetNameDef] has been accepted. Already our most experienced officers are en route to [FROM.GetNameDef] and we will soon expect that their militaries will be brought up to our standards. Not only will this encourage good relations between our nations, but it will also serve as a way to strengthen our Western Hemisphere collective security.
Unfortunately, our offer to send American military advisors and officers to [FROM.GetNameDef] has been politely declined. We will continue to work together to guarantee safety and order in the Western Hemisphere; [FROM.GetNameDef] has stressed that they would rather much like to develop their own independent military.
Excellent!
Very well.
Offer [CEN.GetNameDef] terms to join the OAS
An invitation from [NEE.GetNameDef]
In the wake of the American collapse, few expected democracy to survive in the Western Hemisphere. Reactionaries and revolutionaries attempted to make their move to subvert democracy, but in Central America, the Central American Federation helped preserve democracy in Latin America despite the instability plaguing us. As a response to our preservation of democracy, [NEE.GetNameDef] has approached our nation with the prospect of joining the Organisation of American States. However, due to the nature of collective security in the OAS, the Americans have simply asked that we split into our original constituent nations.
The American collapse led to the destruction of the Monroe Doctrine that held the countries of Latin America together. In that period of instability and unrest, the Central American Republic unified Central America to prevent the nations of Central America from falling into the hands of radicals. With the strength rebuilt; [NEE.GetNameDef] has approached our nation with a position in their alliance. However, they have asked us to split our republic into our original constituent countries and be led by pro-American democratic governments.
We agree to the terms!
Nothing more than Yankee imperialism.
[FROM.GetName] replies to our invitation
We have received word that the [FROM.GetName] nations have accepted our invitation to join the Organisation of American States. While they will now split to their antebellum period countries, they will undoubtedly appreciate the fact that now they are placed under the protection and care of [NEE.GetNameDef]. Soon the old borders will be re-established, and we have made it certain that democracy will stay in Central America. Together we will strive for closer economic ties and collective security in the Western Hemisphere.
Disheartening news from the [FROM.GetName] today, as their government has informed the State Department, they are not interested in joining the Organisation of American States. Claiming that they are better off as a united Central American state than they were as their original constituent nations. They have therefore politely declined our invitation.
Welcome!
Their loss.
American Investments
Wall Street Ties
As part of our growing economic ties with [NEE.GetNameDef], more and more American investors have been moving into our nation, intending to bring American businesses to our country. If we accept these investors, we will definitely reap the benefits of being tied to the American economic sphere, although some are concerned that this will make us economically dependent on [NEE.GetNameDef]. Although their concerns are valid, rejecting the American investors will likely bring about tension as [NEE.GetNameDef] would not be pleased with our decision.
Come and invest!
We will not be tied to the Yankees!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] embraces our investors
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] throws out our investors
Our desire to invest in [FROM.GetNameDef] will soon become a reality! [FROM.GetNameDef] government has responded to our investment plans with great appreciation, and as we speak, American investors and businessmen are en route to their nations to help develop them. Our economic bloc grows stronger; cheers to our friend in [FROM.GetNameDef].
Well that was certainly...unexpected. Despite our generous offer; [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused our offer to send them investors to develop their economy. They will certainly struggle in the long run without our economic guidance and protection.
To a prosperous tomorrow!
Do or do not, there is no try.
§gPerhaps with enough continued investments in [FROM.GetNameDef], their people may see the benefits of democracy!§!
§gPerhaps with enough continued attempts at investments in [FROM.GetNameDef], their people may rise up in support of democracy over authoritarianism!§!
Democratic Unrest in the Streets!
Dramatic news from the capital today, as riots and protests have begun to take over the streets. Seeing a dramatic improvement in their lives caused by the influx of wealth from the American investors of a liberal nation - the people have started to gather and demand a shift to a democratic government. What had begun as simple, peaceful protests have escalated into further violence as our police cannot handle the growing unrest. While the army has not been called yet, injuries and looting are becoming increasingly frequent. While we had hoped to avoid taking decisive action, the American media has not been helpful, and many nations are condemning our police action and telling us to open up elections. Moderates and liberals in our government are begging our government to negotiate with the protests. However, conservative military members have advocated that we instead install martial law to fully crackdown on the protestors.
Our attempts to maintain our economic independence by refusing the American investors have been met with resistance. Tensions with [NEE.GetNameDef] has been steadily rising over time, and it seems that our people have grown increasingly discontented with the American presence in our country. Open riots against American businesses have grown worse in recent days with [NEE.GetNameDef] declaring our country as a \
The negotiations will be short.
Crack down on these protestors!
Surely they won't actually go to war over this! Right?
Democratic Protests Impeded in [FROM.GetNameDef]!
We have received word from the ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] that pro-democratic riots and protests have grown in recent days. The unrest stems from the liberal influence of our investors, who have significantly improved their quality of life. While the demonstrations were initially peaceful, they became more violent due to the aggressive nature of the government's response. Finally, after weeks of unrest, the [FROM.GetName] government has announced a hardline to the protests and has announced their declaration of martial law. This has also escalated to the seizure of American investments as the American economic ties to [FROM.GetNameDef] has been denounced as the reason for the surge in unrest. American businessmen have been forced to flee from the country, and our embassy is also prepared to evacuate.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has repeatedly stymied American interests in their country. Owing to our aggressive attempts to project economic power in [FROM.GetNameDef], American investors and citizens abroad frequently face persecution, exclusion, and potentially expulsion from the country. Programs ran by the government have spun the populace against us subtly encouraging citizens to \
When words fail, the big stick is the answer.
We can't do anything right now
Democratic Protests in [FROM.GetNameDef]
Ever since we opened up cordial trade relations between our nation and [FROM.GetNameDef], we have seen a significant improvement in the lives of the people of [FROM.GetNameDef]. It seems that our superior standards of living and our liberal policies have strengthened the pro-democratic camp in their nation. What started off as initial peaceful protests became large-scale protests and even riots in protest of the undemocratic government of [FROM.GetNameDef]. Despite the growing civil unrest, it appears that tact has won the day as the government of [FROM.GetNameDef] has bowed to the desire of the people. They have decided to transition into a more democratic government, and as our government happily welcomes the new regime, they have also requested to join the Organisation of American States. A new era in our relations will begin!
Of course they are welcome!
Influence Investors to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Encourage Investment in [FROM.GetNameDef]
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] invests in [THIS.GetNameDef]
We have received word that American investors and businessmen are interested and willing to help pour money into our country to help improve the standards of living. As more and more businesses and goods arrive from [NEE.GetNameDef] we have seen a rise in the happiness and living standards of our nation. It is not uncommon to see the people of our country wear American jeans or use American appliances. Nonetheless, there is always the growing concern that with each day, we grow closer and closer to [NEE.GetNameDef] for economic support.
Levi Strauss, the greatest American denim since 1853!
Deliver Ultimatum to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Americans send an ultimatum
Utterly outrageous news today from the American embassy today. Declaring the Western Hemisphere as one under \
We concede to their terms.
From my point of view, the Americans are evil!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] concedes to our ultimatum
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] tears up our ultimatum
In awe of our mighty economic and military power, the socialist government of [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to stand down. Promising to dissolve their government and establish a democratic one, they will also align themselves with us. Once more, the Monroe Doctrine has upheld peace and order in the Western Hemisphere. Soon the cursed reds will be nothing more than a forgotten bad nightmare.
Despite our generous offer to keep the peace, it seems that the revolutionary government of [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused to listen to reason. Denouncing our regime as \
They chose wisely.
They chose poorly.
The Washington Accords
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] has approached us today with an offer of mutual understanding. Their ambassador in [BRA.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has proposed that our government sign a mutual non-aggression pact and a treaty of equal military access for our militaries to combat socialism and radicalism in the Western Hemisphere. This will also involve the arrival of American military advisors to better train our troops and to teach us new doctrine. To make their deal seem more favourable, they have also offered to send us technicians and advisors to aid the Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional in our resource extraction in [496.GetName]. They have also proposed a joint research programme in which Brazilian scientists and researchers will study at American universities and institutes to further improve our technological prowess. Shall we accept their offer?
We accept the deal!
We don't need the Americans...
[BRA.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Offer
[BRA.GetNameDefCap] Declines Our Offer
Our ambassador in [BRA.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has informed the State Department that the Brazilian government would like to go forward with the treaty. Citing their nation's willingness to help America preserve peace in the Western Hemisphere - they have agreed to all terms of the treaty. Together, a new era in Brazilian-American relations awaits!
Our ambassador in [BRA.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has informed the State Department that the Brazilian government will not sign the Washington Accords. They have politely declined our offer, citing their nation's decision to stay neutral in our affairs and their own suspicions of our nation.
Cheers to our new allies!
Unfortunate.
American Reconstruction Crews Arrive
London, Manchester, Birmingham...the towering cities of England have fallen into nothing but rubble and destruction. Despite the triumphant return of the Exiles against all odds - much of the English industrial base lies ruined after the pounding devastation of modern war. Many of the population lies homeless and destitute as the nation struggles to rebuild itself. And yet, not all hope is lost. Our ever-reliant ally in the Americans has offered to send us experienced reconstruction crews who have themselves rebuilt the ruins of their country after their great civil war. This will help provide the British peoples with the much-needed manpower and skill required to reconstruct the Home Isles.
Despite our courageous efforts in returning home from miserable exile, much of France lies destroyed - her lands and fields ravaged from the horrors of conflict. The countryside lies in utter ruins, and many of the cities lie in rubble. Citizens of the Metropole lie homeless and in poverty as more of the Exiles arrive from Algiers each day- coming to a France that looks very different from how they saw it when they last left. To aid in the rebuilding of the French nation, our gracious allies, the Americans, will send experienced reconstruction crews who have proved themselves in their own national reconstruction following the Second American Civil War. This will help the French peoples with the much-needed manpower and skills required to reconstruct the French mainland.
Split into three competing factions, we waged a bloody war in our efforts to reunify India once more. With the subcontinent reunified adequately under the leadership of the Raj, much of the nation lies in ruins, with poverty and homelessness ever increasing. The archaic caste system that bounds India is no help either, as the devastation from the civil war continues to escalate every day. Nonetheless, our considerate ally in [NEE.GetNameDef] has promised us their full strength in aiding us. They will send us experienced construction crews who have proved their worth in their own national rebuilding following their civil war. This will significantly help the Indian peoples with the much-needed manpower and skills required to rebuild the Indian subcontinent.
Much appreciated!
[NEE.GetAdjective] Investors Arrive in [RAJ.GetNameDef]
The civil war in India has dramatically devastated the Indian subcontinent; however, the opportunity for recovery comes with this destruction. Our ties to the Entente Alliance have not gone unforgotten. The [NEE.GetAdjective] government has encouraged investors and businessmen to bring American business and money to India. With the industrial might of the American nation, American machinery and money have been flowing to India to help India rebuild their economy into a genuinely mighty industrial power.
To a prosperous relationship!
[FROM.GetAdjective] Bankers Offer Generous Loans
Through much difficulty and bloodshed, we have achieved what observers long believed to be impossible and have returned to the Home Isles triumphant. Now, however, our economy is struggling, with years of socialist rule having left their mark on our once great nation. Fortunately, we must not bear the burden of reconstruction alone, for our allies in [FROM.GetNameDef], wishing to see a strong United Kingdom re-emerge on the world stage, have offered us their support. Particularly, several [FROM.GetAdjective] banks have shown their willingness to offer loans at reasonable rates, assisting the British people in their hour of need.
To a strong Britain!
An Old Debt Repaid
In the same spirit in which we supported the American Revolution against the British a century and a half ago, our allies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] now wish to aid us in our continued struggle against the accursed Communards. Hoping that we might one day free ourselves from the last remains of socialist rule over the Metropole, [FROM.GetNameDef] has sent us large amounts of money and equipment, resources desperately needed for our ongoing reconstruction efforts. With that, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government hopes to repay the debt of 1776, ushering in an era of equal fraternity between [FROM.GetNameDef] and [ROOT.GetNameDef].
To a strong France!
[NEE.GetAdjective] Support Arrives
After the bloodshed of the Second Italian Civil War our nation is struggling with reconstruction. Cities like Milan and Florence have been turned into rubble and the countryside lies utterly maimed by the horrors of the war and many of our civilians are struggling. Our plight has attracted the concern of [NEE.GetNameDef] as there is a significant population of Italian-Americans who are also determined to aid us. The [NEE.GetAdjective] government has approved to send experienced construction workers who have themselves rebuilt their nation after the Second American Civil War while also sending us funds to helps us recover from years of socialist rule.
Grazie!
Bread and Roses
[NEE.GetAdjective] Aid Arrives
The great civil war to reclaim our nation has devastated our fields and countryside. As we struggle to rebuild the our government from Syndicalist impurity, we will need all the help we can get. Nonetheless, our ever-present American allies have sent us food supplies, medicine, and tools to help us reach out to the local populace. We will have to present ourselves as not conquerors and liberators but as fellow countrymen aware of our nation's plight. As we hand out these bread and roses, we will slowly but surely rebuild the fabric of our nation - currently torn at ideological seams.
In time our nation will heal.
Member of the International Trade Organisation
Adds Modifier: §YMember of the International Trade Organisation§!, which grants ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.05§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+5.00%§!).\n\nFor each additional nation that joins the organisation this modifier will increase by ($MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.01§!, $MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+1.00%§!)
§LFor every nation joining the Organisation, this modifier will be increased.§!\n\n
( [NEE.GetFlag] §YRandom Country In The [NEE.GetFactionName]§!): $EFFECT_COUNTRY_EVENT$
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] Invites Us to the International Trade Organisation
We have received word that [NEE.GetNameDef] has invited us to join the \
We would like to join!
We would like to go on our own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Join the International Trade Organisation
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines to Join the International Trade Organisation
America's role is not within just her own hemisphere but to lead the nations worldwide as a role model. Our ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] has informed our State Department that their government is willing to join the International Trade Organisation. Together, we will ensure that world trade remains free and that our nations will prosper without war and violence!
Despite our best intentions, our ambassador to [From.GetNameDef] has informed our State Department that their nation is unwilling to join the International Trade Organisation. Citing that they would much rather pursue their own economic goals instead of joining our community and wishing to distance themselves from us, they have politely declined our invitation.
United trade shall prevail!
Very well.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Assumes Entente Leadership
To the outside world, the United States was an abject failure with the advent of the Second American Civil War and splitting the nation into various factions vying for power. Yet despite the odds, [FROM.GetNameDef] has achieved nothing less than full victory. Aiding the Entente in their hour of need and liberating Europe from the Syndicalists, the immense economic and military strength of [FROM.GetNameDef] means that [FROM.GetNameDef] has replaced [old_leader.GetNameDef] as the leader of the Entente. This morning, [FROM.GetAdjective] officials met with [old_leader.GetAdjective] military leadership to facilitate the transfer of leadership in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. In this elaborate ceremony with great fanfare and bagpipes, President [FROM.GetLeader] thanked [old_leader.GetNameDef] for their service in bringing about the free world and remarked on the sacrifices both nations made to restore democracy to the world. The world is changing, and it appears that the winds of destiny now stem from not the Old World but the New.
This will be the era of the [FROM.GetAdjective] century!
An invite to the Emerald Isle?
As we have ascended to leadership of the Entente, there are several possibilities open to us that would not have been possible for our predecessors. One of the most apparent of these is our alliance's relationship with our closest European neighbour, the small island of Ireland.\n\nThe Irish fought a War of Independence against the British after the Weltkrieg, successful in no small part due to the large number of donations and material support given by thousands of Irish-Americans, largely in New England. There remains an undercurrent of anti-British sentiment and suspicion among much of their populace, though perhaps with us at the helm of the Entente instead of the British, they might be more inclined to join with us? The cultural and familial links between our countries are many, and their small economy would no doubt benefit from IEDC membership.\n\nOf course, some more hardline members of the old British establishment murmur of the supposedly legally spurious nature of Northern Ireland's amalgamation into the Republic, citing varying interpretations of treaties and clauses, so such an alliance would reaffirm the region's continuing existence as part of the Republic. The likelihood of any British protest at this would be another matter, but is a possibility nonetheless.
As we have ascended to leadership of the Entente, there are several possibilities open to us that would not have been possible for our predecessors. One of the most apparent of these is our alliance's relationship with our closest European neighbour, the small island of Ireland.\n\nThe Irish fought a War of Independence against the British after the Weltkrieg, successful in no small part due to the large number of donations and material support given by thousands of Irish-Americans, largely in New England. There remains an undercurrent of anti-British sentiment and suspicion among much of their populace, though perhaps with us at the helm of the Entente instead of the British, they might be more inclined to join with us? The cultural and familial links between our countries are many, and their small economy would no doubt benefit from IEDC membership.
They belong at our side.
Let us not draw the ire of the British.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] invites us to the Entente
The American Ambassador to Ireland has presented the President with an unexpected proposal.\n\nSeeing the United States' leadership of the old Entente, President [NEE.GetLeader] has cited Ireland's ongoing aversion to radicalism and their common democratic values to be reason enough to offer us formal admittance into their military alliance. Such a move would also bring us the benefit of IEDC membership, which would certainly bolster our comparatively small economy.\n\nThese diplomatic overtures from the United States are doubtlessly due to the role that New England played in their recent civil war, an area home to many hundreds of thousands of our diaspora, and a vital source of support during the War of Independence. Now that the British have been sidelined in their own alliance, perhaps we can stand aside them and the Americans, as equals rather than subjects?
Count us in!
Maintaining neutrality is the safer option.
[IRE.GetNameDefCap] joins the Entente
[IRE.GetNameDefCap] declines our offer
A grand ceremony took place in [NEE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], where President [IRE.GetLeader] of Ireland signed the necessary documents and treaties involved in formalising his nation's place as part of the Entente.\n\nIn a speech given as part of the proceedings, [NEE.GetLeader] held Ireland as an example of yet another country that is capable of working with former adversaries for the common good of justice and liberty, and of how aware he is of the significance of the occasion for the millions of Americans who hold Irish origins. [IRE.GetLeader] thanked him for his words, and gave recognition to the efforts of America, and in particular Irish-America, towards Ireland's previous struggles for freedom, but restated their shared goal of looking together to the future, without being held by the past.\n\nGreat throngs of people, most wearing at least one green article of clothing, filled the streets with the announcement, with the sounds of revelry and Irish music lasting well into the night.
We have received a reply from the Irish ambassador, who brings word that Ireland has unfortunately declined our offer.\n\nHe states that his government believes that Ireland would be better served by remaining neutral, lest they become involved in engagements that his country would otherwise have no place in.\n\nNonetheless, he affirms that Ireland values its current relationship with the United States, and the close ties in our nations' and peoples' mutual history, and that maintaining this relationship would be best done by building on our existing links, rather than forging tenuous new ones.
Éirinn go brách!
Well that's a pity.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] Invites [THIS.GetNameDef] to San Francisco Accords
The American embassy handed our government a note today, declaring their nation's intention for us to join the San Francisco Accords. This is a planned American led organisation that will champion literacy and science across the Pacific and will see the growth of amicable ties between our nations. However, there are those who wonder if there is any benefit in joining the Yankee led agreement. Joining the organisation draws us closer to [NEE.GetNameDef] and that is a course that not all in our country wish to take.
We wish to join.
Not interested for now
Not interested ever
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] wishes to join the San Francisco Accords
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] declines joining the San Francisco Accords
Our efforts at diplomacy have proven to be a complete success! The [FROM.GetAdjective] nation has announced that they are more than willing to join our organisation. We will aid in developing their own research programs and help promote American values and literacy within their lands. Together - we will seek to strengthen ties between our nation and the Pacific.
Unfortunately, [FROM.GetNameDef] has politely declined our invitation to join the San Francisco Accords. However, they stressed that they have not yet officially dismissed the issue and that perhaps they would reconsider and seek to participate in the future. A shame, but we are glad that they can potentially seek to consult us at another time.
Unfortunately, [FROM.GetNameDef] has declined our invitation to join the San Francisco Accords. Whatever their reason, their government has informed our embassy that they do not wish to partake in our beneficial agreement. A true shame, but in the end, it is their loss that they will fall behind in research and knowledge - our resources are better spent elsewhere.
A toast to our new friends!
Perhaps they will change their mind
Disappointing
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] wishes to invest in [THIS.GetNameDef]
Our nation has fallen considerably behind in terms of industrialisation and modernisation compared to the western world. [NEE.GetNameDefCap] government has offered to help industrialise our nation by sending investment and money to aid us in the growing development of our fledgling economy. However, in return, they demand that we open up favourable trade channels between our nation and theirs. While some push that we accept the decision to help speed up our own industrial expansion, some are worried that such an agreement will move us closer to the American economic sphere.
Business is booming!
Not interested for now
Not interested ever
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] accepts the deal
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] declines our offer of investment
We have received news from [FROM.GetNameDef] that their government will completely accept all of our terms. While we will spend resources to develop their nation to that of a modern standard, they have agreed to pursue tighter economic bonds with our nation. This is a diplomatic success and will ensure that we now have access to reliable trade partners within the Asia-Pacific region.
We have received news from [FROM.GetNameDef] that their government is unwilling at this time to negotiate with our terms. Whatever their reason might be, they have implied that perhaps they would be willing to reconsider our agreement in the future. While it's a shame that we have been refused, we can possibly approach them once more in the future.
We have received news from [FROM.GetNameDef] that their government is unwilling to agree with the terms and proposal we have brought to them. Whatever their reason, their government has stressed that they are reluctant to change their stance on the issue. It's a complete shame that they will not recognise our industrial strength and our generosity in offering to help develop their own backward nation.
American products, the finest in the world!
Perhaps they will change their mind
A shame.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] wishes to send humanitarian aid to [THIS.GetNameDef]
Years of internal and external chaos have left our people starved and deprived of hope. Falling drastically behind western medicine and techniques, our nation will continue to struggle unless the conditions of our people are greatly improved. We have received word that the government of [NEE.GetNameDef] has offered to send a Red Cross humanitarian package of an incredible degree of medical aid ranging from advisors to vaccines. While these benefits would undoubtedly benefit our country, we should be wary of the growing American influence in the Pacific. While accepting American aid would alleviate the suffering of our people, we can always politely decline.
Thanks!
We are fine on our own
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] accepts our aid
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] declines our aid
By aiding the nations of the Pacific, they will be less inclined to fall into the hands of imperialists or revolutionaries. We have received great news from the American embassy at [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Their ambassador has notified our government that they are willing to accept our generous offer of medical aid to their country. Our doctors, advisors and the supplies needed to help bring their country to recovery are already en route. Together, we will help to build a stronger new world!
While we aim to serve the greater Asia-Pacific region to improve significantly the lives of the wretched peoples suffering from years of wars and disorder, we have received news from the American embassy at [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that they are unwilling to accept our generous offer. Whether their reason may be, our resources can clearly be spent elsewhere. It is an unfortunate loss for them, but we can always find nations that are willing to accept a helping hand when it is right in front of them.
Everyone deserves a fair chance
Their loss
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] guarantees our independence!
Our country finds itself under threat from outside aggressors or foreign agitators who aim to destabilise our government and bring nothing but misery to our people. As the German world order built in the flames of the Weltkrieg finds itself increasingly challenged and in decline, we will need to look elsewhere for guidance. We have received news that [NEE.GetNameDef] has officially stated to the world that we are now under their protection. With the naval and military prowess of the colossal industrial giant of the New World, we now have a powerful ally to back us up should our nation be threatened by those who wish us harm. Under America's guidance and protection, we will no longer have any cause for concern.
Yay
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] wishes to influence [THIS.GetNameDef]
For years, our economy lies backwards compared to the rest of the western world. Years of colonial rule and dominance has led to our nation falling behind the standards of the industrial age. The American embassy has notified our government that American investors are willing to bring their businesses overseas to our country. With the help of one of the world's most industrialised nations, we will certainly be able to develop faster with American assistance. While they declare that this is a show of goodwill, there is no doubt that their influence in our country will certainly be greater the longer they stay. Alternatively, we can always politely turn them down at this time but keep the option open should we decide to accept or reject their offer.
Sign me up
Not interested for now
Not interested ever
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] accepts the deal
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] wishes to remain free of our influence
A diplomatic victory for our nation today as [FROM.GetNameDef] has accepted our deal. Recognising our country's economic and industrial prowess, they have agreed to all our terms to aid their growing development. Our investors and business are already headed en route to their countries, eager to partake in this new period of mutual cordial relations. Under American leadership, the world's developing nations will have nothing less than our full cooperation and aid. To our new friends in the Pacific!
Unfortunately, our ambassador in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has received word from their government that their country is unwilling at this time to accept our deal. Whether their reasons might be, for now, their answer is no. While this is a setback and disappointing, they have also informed us that they are willing to negotiate with us further in the future. Perhaps now is not a good time for them, and we'll definitely consider consulting them in the future.
Unfortunately, we have received word from our ambassador in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that their nation does not want to do business at all with our country. Whether their reasons might be, they have flatly refused our demands and show no desire to negotiate. We won't lose much from this, but they will suffer the loss of not accepting our gratuity and assistance.
Excellent!
Perhaps they will change their mind.
A disappointment.
A Tale from the Pacific
From its periscope, the submarine U-99 sailing on behalf of the German East Asian Navy, undertaking a reconnaissance mission near German Samoa, spotted an unusual sight. Beached on a deserted island were a group of men and a canoe. Without resorting to headquarters and breaching protocol, the crew of U-99's Kapitänleutnant Otto Kretschmer immediately organised a party, including himself, to investigate. Upon reaching the island, they found that the men were American crewmen from a torpedo boat named PT-109 that had been destroyed in an attack by the Japanese. After ensuring the American crew was fed and clothed, Kretschmer immediately radioed his superiors to ensure they were sent home.\n\nThe commander of PT-109 was none other than the handsome son of the acclaimed New England congressman Joseph P. Kennedy. Lt. John F. Kennedy had been ordered to bring PT-109 to scout and survey Japanese naval movements near German Samoa. However, on a dark and moonless night, their ship was caught off guard and rammed suddenly by a Japanese destroyer - cutting the entire vessel in half. With the wreckage of a crew and two dead crew members, Kennedy gave his men the order to fight or surrender. The brave sailors chose to fight to the end and swam 3.5 miles away from the wreckage of their ship to find safety. The brave lieutenant swam through the water despite an injured back, towing a badly burned crewman with a life jacket strap clenched between his teeth. Kennedy made other mile-long swims to hail passing PT boats or search for supplies for his exhausted crew. He and his executive officer then made the long swim with their crew to a nearby island where they found edible coconuts but no freshwater. Thus, Kennedy and a crewmate made a one-hour swim to find supplies, where they found a canoe with drinkable water and food. Two days later, paddling back to his crewmates, they were discovered by and were rescued by U-99, much to their relief.\n\nLt. Kennedy has returned home a hero, although he has continued to thank Otto Kretschmer and the crew of U-99 for their hospitality. He has returned home, hailed as a hero, decorated with the Purple Heart and Silver Star Medal. With his natural charisma, many are wondering if he, too, will continue a career in politics like his father.
A fantastic story of survival, courage, and the American spirit has emerged from the Pacific War - astounding the nation. Native coastwatchers near the Solomon Islands discovered an exhausted and thought to be missing crew on some islands in Samoa. After alerting the local coast watcher and then the PT base on Rendova before bringing the rescued American crew back to safety.\n\nIn a surprise southern thrust, Japanese naval forces pushed towards Samoa and PT crews were sent to scout and report on their movement. This particular crew was commanded by Lt. John Fitzgerald Kennedy son of the acclaimed New Englander politician, and eager to serve his country in the war with Japan. However, on a dark and moonless night, their ship was caught off guard and rammed suddenly by a Japanese destroyer - cutting the entire ship in half. With the wreckage of a crew and two dead crew members, Kennedy gave his men the order to fight or surrender. The brave sailors chose to fight to the end and swam 3.5 miles away from the wreckage of their ship to find safety. Lt. Kennedy swam through the water despite an injured back, towing a badly burned crewman with a life jacket strap clenched between his teeth. Kennedy made other mile-long swims to hail passing PT boats or search for supplies for his exhausted crew. He and his executive officer then made the long swim with their crew to a nearby island where they found edible coconuts but no fresh water. Thus, Kennedy and a crewmate made a one-hour swim to find supplies, where they found a canoe with drinkable water and food. Paddling back to his crewmates, two days later, they were discovered by the coastwatchers and were rescued by the Navy, much to their relief.\n\nThe brave and selfless act of this congressman's son has not gone unnoticed. Lt. Kennedy has returned home, a hero, and decorated with the Purple Heart and Silver Star Medal. Speaking warmly of his men and not of himself in front of the press, Lt. Kennedy has charmed many with his natural charisma - with some remarking that perhaps he may follow in the path of his father.
Lucky those boys survived!
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] requests the return of [638.GetName]
Lost to America following the outbreak of the Second American Civil War, the island of [638.GetName] eventually fell under our control. With their country rebuilt and their gaze cast upon the Pacific, the [NEE.GetName] have requested that we return their colony. While Guam shows our strength and power projection in the Pacific, the small island may not be worth starting an altercation with the Americans over.
The island is rightfully ours!
Return [638.GetName] to the [NEE.GetName]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] refuses to return [638.GetName]
We have been scorned by the [FROM.GetAdjective] delegation! They claim that our weakness in the Second American Civil War that allowed the island to fall from our control is proof that we are not capable of controlling the Pacific. The island will stay under their control for the foreseeable future. With this insult our position in the Pacific may be in jeopardy if we do not take action.
This cannot stand!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] returns [638.GetName]
Successful negotiations have been completed in San Francisco between ourselves and a delegation from [FROM.GetNameDef]. They have agreed to return the island of [638.GetName] to our control. One last ceremony was performed on the island before the [FROM.GetName] flag was pulled down to be replaced by the proud flag of [NEE.GetNameDef]!
Welcome home!
The Return to Kennedy Clout
Despite the disgrace of Joseph P. Kennedy after the turbulent 1944 election and the scandal that rocked the Democratic party in New England, it would appear that another Kennedy has entered the political sphere - perhaps in a bid to redeem the Kennedy name.\n\nJohn Fitzgerald Kennedy, national war hero following his intense tribulation in the Pacific has announced his desire to run for the House of Representatives - representing his home state of Massachusetts. A popular young man, well acknowledged for his warm charisma and his wartime medals - observers and polls indicate that Kennedy will definitely seize this election. While the Kennedy name still remains tinted with scandal, perhaps this young Catholic soldier will bring it back to light!
We'll be watching your progress!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands Reunion
As the smoke clouds and crackles of gunfire above continental American have died down, many [PHI.GetAdjective] politicians have questioned what the [FROM.GetName]'s policy towards [PHI.GetNameDef] will be. Today, [FROM.GetLeader], the leader of [FROM.GetNameDef], has made a radio broadcast across America addressing the outcome of the bloody civil war, along with requesting that [PHI.GetNameDef] abandon her alliance with the [ROOT.GetFactionName] and rejoin the republic as an equal partner, instead of a territory. At the same time, a small group of delegates have arrived in Manilla to await a reply.
As the smoke clouds and crackles of gunfire above continental America have died down, many [PHI.GetAdjective] politicians have questioned whether it is time to see ourselves return to the American sphere. Today, [FROM.GetLeader], the leader of [FROM.GetNameDef], has made a radio broadcast across America addressing the outcome of the bloody civil war, along with requesting that [PHI.GetNameDef] rejoin the republic as an equal partner, instead of a territory. At the same time, a small group of delegates have arrived in Manilla to await a reply.
Tell [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] that we wish to rejoin.
Ask [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] to intervene.
We have no choice.
Absolutely not!
[PHI.GetNameDefCap] wishes to rejoin [america.GetNameDef]
After the recent radio broadcast made by [america.GetLeader] demanding the reunion of [FROM.GetNameDef] with [america.GetNameDef], [FROM.GetLeader] has informed [ROOT.GetLeader] that the Philippines intends to return to the protection of the continental United States. However, he also wishes to seek approval from us before contacting the delegates that have just arrived in Manilla.\n\nAllowing them to rejoin will put us on speaking, if not friendly terms with [america.GetNameDef], but we would also give up a crucial staging ground for countering Japanese aggression in the Pacific.
By all means.
Absolutely not!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Approves Reunion with America
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has listened to the arguments of our diplomat in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] who presented our arguments for rejoining continental America. After excusing our diplomats for a short period, he summoned them again, and to great surprise and relief, agreed to allow us to rejoin continental America. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] wishes the best for our country.
Excellent!
[PHI.GetNameDefCap] Rejoins America
Today, a small garrison of American troops has landed in the Port of Manilla, and have marched into the city centre. At noon, the flag of [america.GetNameDef] was raised alongside the flag of the Philippines on top of the Malacanang Palace. [PHI.GetLeader] then gave a speech, asking Filipinos to celebrate the restored ties between the Phillipines and continental America.
Excellent!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines Reunion with America
After consulting his advisors, [FROM.GetLeader] has declined our request of reuniting with continental America, citing political instability as the prime reason. As one of the many American possessions whose control had been lost during the American Civil War, the reunion of [PHI.GetNameDef] with America will undoubtedly bring much needed legitimacy to the owner of the White House, rendering the Philippines as only a political tool and not seen with true equality within the legislature or the administration.\n\nWhile we may respect their decision and refuse a reunion, a notable portion of the Filipino population would undoubtedly prefer being under the same umbrella as the whole of America. We could secretly inform the delegates from America and organise a reunion all under [FROM.GetLeader]'s nose before they can react.
Defy them!
We must respect their decision.
[PHI.GetNameDefCap] Defies Us!
Despite us presenting the possibility of the Philippines being used as a political tool for the victor of the American civil war, our informants have passed on reports that [PHI.GetLeader] has opted to organise their reunion in secret. The reports that have made their way back seem to be solid with little room for interpretation. We can either use all means possible to ensure they remain within our influence, including starting a war with their masters, or simply let the Pacific islands return to continental America.
How dare they!
The Philippines aren't worth a war.
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Threatens Us
A furious telegraph has arrived in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] demanding that the Philippine's return to continental America must be stopped, under threat of war with [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef]. Clearly, they underestimated the sentiment of the Filipinos, yet wanted to retain whatever little influence they have upon the islands. We can hold our ground and refuse, potentially starting another brutal war after the recent conclusion of the American Civil War, or stand down and let them keep the Philippines.
Then war it is.
This isn't worth shedding blood over.
[PHI.GetNameDefCap] Request Intervention
An encrypted message has been sent by [PHI.GetLeader] to us, informing us of the [america.GetName]'s formal demands to see the Philippines returned to their sphere. Implied in the demands are possibilities that military action will be taken to ensure their return. Thus, [PHI.GetLeader] has requested us to provide military support and back their desire for independence from America.
We protect our allies!
They are on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Intervenes
Manilla has given us a reply. They declined the reunion offer, but before our delegates could ask them to reconsider lest we use arms to ensure the reunion goes through. At this threat, [PHI.GetLeader] replies that the alliance that the Philippines has joined, [PHI.GetFactionName] would support them were they attacked. The delegates were then quickly sent on a flight back to continental America. We are left with two options, going to war for the Pearl of the Orient, or backing down.
Then war it is.
The Philippines aren't worth a war.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Intervene
We have received a reply from [FROM.GetLeader], who has informed us that they will not back us in the case of an American invasion. We maintain a small military, definitely unable to stand up to the might of American industry. However, we still do have a fighting chance, and we could not surrender or go down without a fight. What shall our next step be?
We have no choice now...
We will not give up our independence!
The Philippines Reject Our Offer to Restore Ties
Just now, our delegates in Manilla have been told that [PHI.GetNameDef] will not rejoin America. However, [FROM.GetLeader] has not elaborated on the reasons for declining the reunion and promptly sent our delegates away, showing little room for further negotiations. Needless to say, the only options we are left with are declaring a state of war with [FROM.GetNameDef] or backing down.
War it is, then.
The Philippines aren't worth a war.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands the Return of the Philippines
The Philippines established an independent government during the American civil war and entered a defensive alliance to prevent the clouds of war from reaching the shores of the Pacific archipelago. Earlier today, we received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef], informing us that they would like to see the peaceful restoration of bonds with the Philippines. The Philippines never belonged to us, and allowing them to return to the control of continental US would protect us from war between us and America, but at the same time, we should honour our alliance. What shall we do?
The Philippines established an independent government during the American civil war, protected by us, to prevent the clouds of war from reaching the shores of the Pacific archipelago. Earlier today, we received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef], informing us that they would like to see the peaceful restoration of bonds with the Philippines. The Philippines never belonged to us, and allowing them to return to the control of continental US would protect us from war between us and America, but at the same time, we should defend our protectorate. What shall we do?
We annexed the Philippines during the American civil war, and now America has come asking for their return, as the farthest extension of their territory before the war, that was lost as they sorted their ideological differences out. The strategic importance of the Philippines in the Pacific, especially as a staging ground in the Pacific should we want to exert our influence, makes it a difficult decision, however, the potential of war between us and [america.GetNameDef] is not a small threat. What shall we do?
We annexed the Philippines during the American civil war, and now America has come asking for their return, as the farthest extension of their territory before the war, that was lost as they sorted their ideological differences out. The strategic importance of the Philippines in the Pacific makes it a difficult decision, however, the potential of war between us and [america.GetNameDef] is not a small threat. What shall we do?
Return the American lands.
No, we shall keep it.
The Philippines aren't worth fighting over.
The Philippines belong to us.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Returns the Philippines
We have received great news. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has informed us that they would not want to jeopardise the precious peace we share currently, and has agreed to allow the Philippines to peacefully rejoin America.
Excellent.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap]'s Betrayal
We have received news of an extraordinary betrayal! [FROM.GetNameDef] have refused to promise us military intervention in case of an invasion. Without the backing of a military force, we are likely to be quickly overwhelmed by the American industry, however, we can also attempt to defend ourselves for as long as possible.
This is an outrage!
The Philippines aren't worth fighting over
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the [Root.GetFactionName]
Manilla, after receiving the news that we would not back them in case of an American invasion, has announced they will leave [Root.GetFactionName] and proudly stand alone against their invaders. This was followed by them denouncing us for cowardly self-preservation and having our diplomats dismissed rudely, despite best efforts to convince them to remain within the [Root.GetFactionName], however, their rage is understandable and we could only honour their decision.
That could have gone better...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses To Return the Philippines
As negotiations reached an impasse, our delegates messaged back to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] with much disappointment and hesitation, that [FROM.GetNameDef] will not allow the Philippines to rejoin us. Our delegates wanted to convince them otherwise, however they have been dismissed and sent back to continental United States. As such, we have two options remaining, we can declare war to force the return of the Philippines, or we can back down and wait for another time.
War it is, then.
We cannot fight them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands a Restoration of Democracy
While the Americans were pleased that the Philippines came back to their sphere, they are not content with just the island. They also wish to see a restoration of democracy to the island as well. To do so may place our well-being in danger due to our role in overthrowing the previous democratic government. But perhaps, if we come willingly, the Americans will be lenient...
Very well, we will step down.
Step down? Are they crazy?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Restore Democracy
As negotiations reached an impasse, our delegates messaged back to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] with much disappointment and hesitation, that [FROM.GetNameDef] will not allow the Philippines to restore democratic rule over the archipelago. Our delegates wanted to convince them otherwise, however they have been dismissed and sent back to continental United States. As such, we have two options remaining, we can declare war to force the restoration of democracy in the Philippines, or we can back down and wait for another time.
War it is, then.
We cannot fight them.
Rebuilding Order in Seattle
During the height of the Great Depression, the failure of former President Lowden's policies to alleviate the economic crisis led to the creation of \
Your loyalty will always be treasured!
Thank you for the kind words!
President [ACC.GetLeader] Addresses New England
For a week in Massachusetts, Bostonians celebrated with ticker-tape parades, barbeques, fireworks, and reunions. The national crisis was finally over. The radicals and revolutionaries that threatened to tear apart the fabric of America had been defeated at last. In America's darkest hour, [ACC.GetNameDef] and New England fought side by side as not only Americans but brothers-in-arms.\n\nIn a radio address to the Provisional Government, President [ACC.GetLeader] praised the government in Boston for its speedy economic recovery amidst the Great Depression. He mentioned New England's tactfulness and strength in building up their industrial powerhouse before joining the fray. Above all, he thanked the men and women who helped build the weapons that would end up being sent to [ACC.GetNameDef]. The President's speech was met with praise and approval in newspapers all across New England. The fire that threatened to destroy the soul of the American nation had been quenched by the place where the American country had been born. In a seemingly divine form of irony, once again, the people of New England had begun the fight for freedom.
It was our pleasure!
Your assistance will be remembered!
Integration of the Armed Forces
Side by side, the young men of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] had fought and died together. From the battles at Chicago, New Orleans, and Denver - young men from states like Rhode Island and California answered the national call of duty to save America in her hour of need. In San Francisco, a joint ceremony was held between the Armed Forces of New England and the Armed Forces of [ACC.GetNameDef] to mark the official integration of both armies. Representing [ACC.GetNameDef] would be General George Marshall and representing the Provisional Government would be General Mark Clark. Friends that had been split apart from the war and had found themselves fighting for the true America were able to embrace each other once more. No longer were they Irish Catholic militia or Nisei Japanese-American volunteers. They are now soldiers of the Armed Forces of the United States.\n\nThe President of [NEE.GetName], [NEE.GetLeader] praised [ACC.GetNameDef] for their early entry into the great civil war. Refusing to accept MacArthur's so-called \
Side by side with our brothers in arms!
Side by side with our brothers in arms!
A Commitment to Democracy
After much anticipation across New England, President [ACC.GetLeader] had finally arrived in Boston to meet the people of New England in person. In a nationally televised event, he gave a speech thanking the provisional government in front of the City Hall on 45 School Street. The Provisional Government of New England was hastily formed in the spring of 1937 during the national crisis by the aid of the Canadian Government and the Entente. In America's darkest hours as thousands fled from the violence that consumed the country - New England was a bastion of freedom and democracy. New Englanders saw the Entente as the greatest rival towards radicalism and the Canadian government as the bearer of the torch of liberty in the Western Hemisphere. As America became torn apart in the civil war, the people of New England hoped that the nation would be reunited with the Entente's support once more.\n\nHowever, in a move that shocked the government of New England - the Canadian government fell to authoritarianism and the iron rule of the English king. They had cast away the shield of liberty and had become as autocratic as the very revolution that had driven the British into exile - for this [ACC.GetLeader] claimed America owed an unpayable debt. He ended the speech by declaring that [ACC.GetNameDef] and New England governments would begin rebuilding democracy across the nation from sea to shining sea.
May the torch never go out!
May the torch never go out!
St. Louis Conference
With the armies of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] integrated, both sides had arrived in the city of St. Louis to honour the promised meeting. A city of paramount strategic importance and value during the Civil War, the city had been heavily damaged during the civil war. However, President [NEE.GetLeader] and President [ACC.GetLeader] believed that the city's location in the middle of the country would serve as a symbolic form of reconciliation. Congressmen from all over New England and congressmen on the West Coast arrived at St. Louis City Hall to discuss the reunification. In a televised broadcast to the world, the two Presidents signed a treaty that officially confirmed the reunification of the United States of America.\n\nAmidst the sunlight beaming from the French-inspired ornamental dormer windows, the governments of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] agreed to a signed promise directed at the entire American nation. The sister governments petitioned the exhausted American people for peace and unity in the reconstruction. The statement continued by declaring that all Americans are Americans in this challenging period - no matter political beliefs, or the colour of one's skin, or the issue of wealth, all Americans find refuge in the stars and stripes. The future lies not with the past differences that had torn apart the country but rather with shared value and trust in American democracy. In the darkness, amidst the rockets' red glare and the bombs bursting in the air - the banner of American freedom refused to fall. From coast to coast, Lady Liberty's torch would be lit again. The nightmare that consumed the American nation was finally over.\n\nThe national proclamation was read on the radio and found in newspapers nationwide. Many met the statement with approval and praise, although some will continue to resist and terrorise their fellow Americans in their radical beliefs. Nations across the world have reached a mutual conclusion that the colossus of the New World had finally stood back up!\n\nTo cap off the conference, President [ACC.GetLeader] has given a speech praising the conduct of [NEE.GetLeader] in bringing the second American civil war to a successful conclusion. He announced to the world that he would be stepping down as President to give the full powers of the Executive Branch to President [NEE.GetLeader] of the newly restored America!
With the armies of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] integrated, both sides had arrived in the city of St. Louis to honour the promised meeting. A city of paramount strategic importance and value during the Civil War, the city had been heavily damaged during the civil war. However, President [NEE.GetLeader] and President [ACC.GetLeader] believed that the city's location in the middle of the country would serve as a symbolic form of reconciliation. Congressmen from all over New England and congressmen on the West Coast arrived at St. Louis City Hall to discuss the reunification. In a televised broadcast to the world, the two Presidents signed a treaty that officially confirmed the reunification of the United States of America.\n\nAmidst the sunlight beaming from the French-inspired ornamental dormer windows, the governments of New England and [ACC.GetNameDef] agreed to a signed promise directed at the entire American nation. The sister governments petitioned the exhausted American people for peace and unity in the reconstruction. The statement continued by declaring that all Americans are Americans in this challenging period - no matter political beliefs, or the colour of one's skin, or the issue of wealth, all Americans find refuge in the stars and stripes. The future lies not with the past differences that had torn apart the country but rather with shared value and trust in American democracy. In the darkness, amidst the rockets' red glare and the bombs bursting in the air - the banner of American freedom refused to fall. From coast to coast, Lady Liberty's torch would be lit again. The nightmare that consumed the American nation was finally over.\n\nThe national proclamation was read on the radio and found in newspapers nationwide. Many met the statement with approval and praise, although some will continue to resist and terrorise their fellow Americans in their radical beliefs. Nations across the world have reached a mutual conclusion that the colossus of the New World had finally stood back up!\n\nTo cap off the conference, President [NEE.GetLeader] has given a speech praising the conduct of [ACC.GetLeader] in bringing the second American civil war to a successful conclusion. He announced to the world that he would be stepping down as President to give the full powers of the Executive Branch to President [ACC.GetLeader] of the newly restored America!
We are all one people!
We are all one people!
1940 Presidential Election
[ROOT.GetLeader] has governed the nation since the outbreak of the Second American Civil War when [ACC.GetNameDef] broke away from the tyranny of MacArthur. During the biggest threat to American democracy, her people stood strong in favour of the founding principles that America was founded on. As election season nears, both establishment parties have been hard at work campaigning for their preferred candidates.\n\nCampaigning for the Democratic Party is Culbert Olson of Utah. Born the son of a suffragette, the first female elected to office in Utah, Olson was involved in politics from a young age. While ordinarily, a staunch atheist like Olson would face derision amongst the American populace, the horrors of the Second American Civil War have left scars amongst even the most devout believers who struggle to answer the question of how the events of the last three years could come to be.\n\nRunning against Olson for the Republican Party is Quentin Roosevelt of New York. A progressive Republican, Roosevelt has found support amongst a broad range of voters. Roosevelt has announced his desire to bring significant reforms to the country through his \
[ROOT.GetLeader] has governed the nation since the outbreak of the Second American Civil War when [ACC.GetNameDef] broke away from the tyranny of MacArthur. During the biggest threat to American democracy, her people stood strong in favour of the founding principles that America was founded on. As election season nears, both establishment parties have been hard at work campaigning for their preferred candidates.\n\nCampaigning for the Democratic Party is Culbert Olson of Utah. Born the son of a suffragette, the first female elected to office in Utah, Olson was involved in politics from a young age. While ordinarily, a staunch atheist like Olson would face derision amongst the American populace, the horrors of the Second American Civil War have left scars amongst even the most devout believers who struggle to answer the question of how the events of the last three years could come to be.\n\nRunning against Olson for the Republican Party is Quentin Roosevelt of New York. A progressive Republican, Roosevelt has found support amongst a broad range of voters. Roosevelt has announced his desire to bring significant reforms to the country through his \
Olson and the Democrats sweep the polls!
Roosevelt and the Republicans secure the vote!
Wallace wins big!
1944 Presidential Election
Once more, all across [THIS.GetNameDef], signs can be seen at every street corner advertising for the [GetYear] Presidential election. Experts have claimed that this race will surely be close.\n\nWhile some reluctantly supported the openly atheist Olson in 1940, his actions in office have eroded his goodwill with the faithful. His vetoing of bills that would give free transportation to students attending religious private schools and permit Catholic schoolchildren a break during the school day to attend catechism has placed many against Olson. Nevertheless, his tireless work to reform the penal system has some supporters amongst the public.\n\nThe Republican party has also brought forth a candidate from Washington to square off against Olson. The former Mayor of Seattle and now Governor of Washington, Arthur B. Langlie has a reputation for clean government, and is supported by conservatives and moderate reformers. During the Civil War, Langlie tried and failed to secure the passage of a bill that would have granted him unprecedented emergency powers, a continuning point of controversy surrounding his administration.\n\nFor the second election cycle in a row, the Farmer-Labor Party has fought hard to reach national prominence in the polls. Some even believe that they may have the ability to win the election of [GetYear]! Philip La Follette of Wisconsin has grown in prominence as news travels of the progressive legislation and policies he has passed and put into action in his home state of Wisconsin.
Once more, all across [THIS.GetNameDef], signs can be seen at every street corner advertising for the [GetYear] Presidential election. Experts have claimed that this race will surely be close.\n\nWhile some reluctantly supported the openly atheist Olson in 1940, his actions in office have eroded his goodwill with the faithful. His vetoing of bills that would give free transportation to students attending religious private schools and permit Catholic schoolchildren a break during the school day to attend catechism has placed many against Olson. Nevertheless, his tireless work to reform the penal system has some supporters amongst the public.\n\nThe Republican party has also brought forth a candidate from Washington to square off against Olson. The former Mayor of Seattle and now Governor of Washington, Arthur B. Langlie has a reputation for clean government, and is supported by conservatives and moderate reformers. During the Civil War, Langlie tried and failed to secure the passage of a bill that would have granted him unprecedented emergency powers, a continuning point of controversy surrounding his administration.
Olson secures another four years!
Langlie leads the way!
La Follette leads the polls!
1944 Presidential Election
The political machines have roared to life all across [THIS.GetNameDef]. Election season has driven many on all ends of the spectrum into a craze to ensure that their preferred candidate is elected into high office.\n\nDemocrat nominee Sheridan Downey is everything that his predecessor, Culbert Olson, fought against. A supporter of big oil barons, he sought to secure their ability to secure state control over California's large oil reserves. While much more conservative than many in the Democratic Party, Downey played a pivotal role in the EPIC campaign in the early '30s, garnering support from some on the left.\n\nThe Republican candidate, Earl Warren, is popular among both of the major establishment parties. In the 1942 gubernatorial elections, Warren cross-filed in both the Republican and Democratic primaries and ran without a party label attached to his name. His non-partisan stance nearly allowed him to win both primaries, and when the general election rolled around, he easily swept 57% of the vote.\n\nHoping to continue for a second term, the incumbent from the Farmer-Labor Party, Henry Wallace, has been hard at work campaigning to keep his anti-establishment movement alive. During his Presidency, Wallace has worked furiously with the Agriculture Department to create an 'ever-normal granary' in which the government purchases agriculture surplus to regulate the prices in farmer's favour.
The political machines have roared to life all across [THIS.GetNameDef]. Election season has driven many on all ends of the spectrum into a craze to ensure that their preferred candidate is elected into high office.\n\nDemocrat nominee Sheridan Downey is everything that his predecessor, Culbert Olson, fought against. A supporter of big oil barons, he sought to secure their ability to secure state control over California's large oil reserves. While much more conservative than many in the Democratic Party, Downey played a pivotal role in the EPIC campaign in the early '30s, garnering support from some on the left.\n\nThe Republican candidate, Earl Warren, is popular among both of the major establishment parties. In the 1942 gubernatorial elections, Warren cross-filed in both the Republican and Democratic primaries and ran without a party label attached to his name. His non-partisan stance nearly allowed him to win both primaries, and when the general election rolled around, he easily swept 57% of the vote.\n\nFor the second election cycle in a row, the Farmer-Labor Party has fought hard to reach national prominence in the polls. Some even believe that they may have the ability to win the election of [GetYear]! Philip La Follette of Wisconsin has grown in prominence as news travels of the progressive legislation and policies he has passed and put into action in his home state of Wisconsin
The political machines have roared to life all across [THIS.GetNameDef]. Election season has driven many on all ends of the spectrum into a craze to ensure that their preferred candidate is elected into high office.\n\nDemocrat nominee Sheridan Downey is everything that his predecessor, Culbert Olson, fought against. A supporter of big oil barons, he sought to secure their ability to secure state control over California's large oil reserves. While much more conservative than many in the Democratic Party, Downey played a pivotal role in the EPIC campaign in the early '30s, garnering support from some on the left.\n\nThe Republican candidate, Earl Warren, is popular among both of the major establishment parties. In the 1942 gubernatorial elections, Warren cross-filed in both the Republican and Democratic primaries and ran without a party label attached to his name. His non-partisan stance nearly allowed him to win both primaries, and when the general election rolled around, he easily swept 57% of the vote.
The voters mark down for Downey!
Warren wins the election!
Wallace wins the day!
La Follette leads the polls!
1948 Presidential Election
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nFor the Democratic Party, incumbent President Sheridan Downey is seeking a second term. During his tenure in office, Downey was able to secure legislation for both a 'Ham and Eggs' pension programme and additional benefits for veterans. Such programs have garnered much support for the sitting Democratic President, even if it has drawn the ire of some in the Republican Party.\n\nRunning against Downey for the Republican Party is Earl Warren of California. Not letting his defeat in 1944 tarnish his spirit, the former lawyer and attorney is ready to once more go toe-to-toe at the polls. If he is elected to the Presidency, Warren has promised to expand his statewide anti-crime effort to encompass the entire nation. Every American has a right to feel safe in his or her own home, claimed Warren at a press conference last week.\n\nActing as a spoiler to the two parties is the Progressive Party candidate Glen Taylor. An entertainer and politician from Idaho, Taylor has seen growing support from desegregationists. One famous incident that gave Glen Taylor national fame was his arrest in Birmingham, Alabama, earlier this year. Police Commissioner Eugene \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nFor the Democratic Party, incumbent President Sheridan Downey is seeking a second term. During his tenure in office, Downey was able to secure legislation for both a 'Ham and Eggs' pension programme and additional benefits for veterans. Such programs have garnered much support for the sitting Democratic President, even if it has drawn the ire of some in the Republican Party.\n\nRunning against Downey for the Republican Party is Earl Warren of California. Not letting his defeat in 1944 tarnish his spirit, the former lawyer and attorney is ready to once more go toe-to-toe at the polls. If he is elected to the Presidency, Warren has promised to expand his statewide anti-crime effort to encompass the entire nation. Every American has a right to feel safe in his or her own home, claimed Warren at a press conference last week.
Downey destroys the competition!
Warren wins big!
Taylor will lead the nation!
1948 Presidential Election
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nAfter serving for his customary two terms, Culbert Olson has chosen to continue the Presidential tradition set by George Washington to step down and pass the torch on to a fellow Democrat in 1948. His chosen appointment is Clarence Martin, born in the Washington Territory; Martin has followed his father's political footsteps since 1928. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression.\n\nRunning against Martin for the Republican Party is Earl Warren of California. The former lawyer and attorney is ready to make a pass at national elections. If he is elected to the Presidency, Warren has promised to expand his statewide anti-crime effort to encompass the entire nation. \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nAfter serving for his customary two terms, Culbert Olson has chosen to continue the Presidential tradition set by George Washington to step down and pass the torch on to a fellow Democrat in 1948. His chosen appointment is Clarence Martin, born in the Washington Territory; Martin has followed his father's political footsteps since 1928. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression.\n\nRunning against Martin for the Republican Party is Earl Warren of California. The former lawyer and attorney is ready to make a pass at national elections. If he is elected to the Presidency, Warren has promised to expand his statewide anti-crime effort to encompass the entire nation. \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nFor the Republican Party, Earl Warren is seeking a second term of his own this year at the polls. During his Presidency, he oversaw raising a nationwide gasoline tax to provide funding for a modern highway system. One hurdle that Warren could not cross was the passing of a universal health care system for the United States. Opposition from the medical and business communities prevented such a system from gaining any major traction.\n\nRunning against Earl Warren for the Democrats is Clarence Martin. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression. Martin's favoured strategy to lift Americans out of the Depression was to provide jobs rather than handouts. If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day, but if you teach a man to fish, he may eat for the rest of his life.\n\nActing as a spoiler to the two parties is the Progressive Party candidate Glen Taylor. Absorbing elements of the Farmer-Labor Party and those who lean towards the left, the party has swung more in favour of the issue of civil rights. One famous incident that gave Glen Taylor national fame was his arrest in Birmingham, Alabama, earlier this year. Police Commissioner Eugene \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nFor the Republican Party, Earl Warren is seeking a second term of his own this year at the polls. During his Presidency, he oversaw raising a nationwide gasoline tax to provide funding for a modern highway system. One hurdle that Warren could not cross was the passing of a universal health care system for the United States. Opposition from the medical and business communities prevented such a system from gaining any major traction.\n\nRunning against Earl Warren for the Democrats is Clarence Martin. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression. Martin's favoured strategy to lift Americans out of the Depression was to provide jobs rather than handouts. If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day, but if you teach a man to fish, he may eat for the rest of his life.
Martin wins the poll!
Warren wins big!
Taylor will lead the nation!
1948 Presidential Election
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nAs Henry Wallace ends his second term in office, he has opted to step down along the traditions of George Washington. Running for the Progressive Party is Glen Taylor, an entertainer, and politician from Idaho. One famous incident that gave Glen Taylor national fame was his arrest in Birmingham, Alabama, earlier this year. Police Commissioner Eugene \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nHoping for a second term, Progressive politician Philip La Follette has been busy touring the nation to build support for his campaign. Over the course of his time in office, La Follette expanded the welfare system to cover more Americans than the system could ever previously provide for. Furthermore, Philip La Follette and his allies are close to signing into a law a form of national health insurance if he can maintain or grow his majority in the chambers of government this election.\n\nThe Republican party has brought forth a candidate from Washington to square off against the Farmer-Labor Party and the Democrats. The former Mayor of Seattle and now Governor of Washington, Arthur B. Langlie has a reputation for clean government, and is supported by conservatives and moderate reformers. During the Civil War, Langlie tried and failed to secure the passage of a bill that would have granted him unprecedented emergency powers, a continuning point of controversy surrounding his administration.\n\nRunning against Arthur B. Langlie for the Democrats is Clarence Martin. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression. Martin's favoured strategy to lift Americans out of the Depression was to provide jobs rather than handouts. If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day, but if you teach a man to fish, he may eat for the rest of his life.
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nHoping for a second term, Arthur B. Langlie of the Republican Party has been busy touring the nation to build support for his campaign. Throughout his term, Langlie has been in conflict with a Congress divided between Republicans and Democrats. Though progressive and liberal Democrats have been unable to overcome a working majority of conservatives, Langlie has likewise not passed much significant legislation.\n\nRunning against Arthur B. Langlie for the Democrats is Clarence Martin. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression. Martin's favoured strategy to lift Americans out of the Depression was to provide jobs rather than handouts. If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day, but if you teach a man to fish, he may eat for the rest of his life.\n\nActing as a spoiler to the two parties is the Progressive Party candidate Glen Taylor. An entertainer and politician from Idaho, Taylor has seen growing support from desegregationists. One famous incident that gave Glen Taylor national fame was his arrest in Birmingham, Alabama, earlier this year. Police Commissioner Eugene \
With November upon the nation, the country has been inundated by political campaigns at every street corner, on every soapbox, and in the papers. Preliminary counts predict a close race between the candidates.\n\nHoping for a second term, Arthur B. Langlie of the Republican Party has been busy touring the nation to build support for his campaign. Throughout his term, Langlie has been in conflict with a Congress divided between Republicans and Democrats. Though progressive and liberal Democrats have been unable to overcome a working majority of conservatives, Langlie has likewise not passed much significant legislation.\n\nRunning against Arthur B. Langlie for the Democrats is Clarence Martin. Known as the people's governor, Martin fought furiously to simultaneously keep government spending down while helping keep his constituents from the worst of the Depression. Martin's favoured strategy to lift Americans out of the Depression was to provide jobs rather than handouts. If you give a man a fish, he will eat for a day, but if you teach a man to fish, he may eat for the rest of his life.
Martin wins the poll!
Langlie scores the most votes!
Taylor will lead the nation!
La Follette scores another four years!
1952 Presidential Election
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency.\n\nRunning for the Democratic Party is Clarence Martin, seeking a second term for himself. Throughout his tenure as the governor of Washington, he successfully managed to navigate the worst of the Depression, staying fiscally wise while keeping a humanitarian concern for his people. So too has President Martin stayed true to this practice while serving in the Executive Office. Never falling for socialist panaceas, Martin successfully kept radical groups from impeding his policies and seeks to continue this for another four years.\n\nThe Republicans, for their part, seem to have adopted a belligerent campaign - their nominee, a veteran, and senator from Washington, Harry Cain, has repeatedly attacked Clarence Martin for being weak on radicals and allowing known Socialists, Longists, and MacArthurites more leeway than is necessary. His fiery rhetoric sometimes placed him at odds with his constituents, but in an interview, he stated that \
WIP
Martin wins another four years!
Victory called for Cain and the Republicans!
Taylor will lead the nation!
1952 Presidential Election
As America looks to a new decade and President Downey's eight year tenure draws to a close, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency. In what is being called 'The Battle of the Washington Soldiers', both of the Democratic and Republican candidates are veterans hailing from the eponymous state, both with widely different views on the issues facing America.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on turning the work of the Downey presidency into more progressive policy, using it as a jumping off point for social reform without upending economic growth, hoping to retain supporters of the outgoing president.\n\nThe Republicans, for their part, seem to have adopted a more belligerent campaign - their nominee, fellow veteran and Washington senator Harry Cain, has repeatedly attacked both his opponent and President Downey as being weak on radicals and allowing known Socialists, Longists, and MacArthurites to undermine America unhindered. Senator Cain was already notorious for his inflammatory conservative stances and \
As America looks to a new decade and President Downey's eight year tenure draws to a close, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency. In what is being called 'The Battle of the Washington Soldiers', both of the Democratic and Republican candidates are veterans hailing from the eponymous state, both with widely different views on the issues facing America.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on turning the work of the Downey presidency into more progressive policy, using it as a jumping off point for social reform without upending economic growth, hoping to retain supporters of the outgoing president.\n\nThe Republicans, for their part, seem to have adopted a more belligerent campaign - their nominee, fellow veteran and Washington senator Harry Cain, has repeatedly attacked both his opponent and President Downey as being weak on radicals and allowing known Socialists, Longists, and MacArthurites to undermine America unhindered. Senator Cain was already notorious for his inflammatory conservative stances and \
Magnuson secures victory!
Victory called for Cain and the Republicans!
Taylor will lead the nation!
1952 Presidential Election
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and retake the presidency from the non-establishment.\n\nAs Philip La Follette draws to the end of his second term, he has opted to endorse the Progressive Party candidate, Glen Taylor. An entertainer and politician from Idaho, Taylor has seen growing support from desegregationists. One famous incident that gave Glen Taylor national fame was his arrest in Birmingham, Alabama, in 1948. Police Commissioner Eugene \
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and retake the presidency from the non-establishment.\n\nSeeking a second term of his own, Glen Taylor has been busy campaigning across the nation. During his tenure as President, Taylor has managed to push through some civil rights legislation. Just barely passing through the House of Representatives, the practice of \
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on promoting a more progressive agenda for the country. Much of Magnuson's campaign policies are derived from his running mate, Henry \
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on promoting a more progressive agenda for the country. Much of Magnuson's campaign policies are derived from his running mate, Henry \
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on promoting a more progressive agenda for the country. Much of Magnuson's campaign policies are derived from his running mate, Henry \
As America looks to a new decade, campaign slogans have yet again become a staple of American life as Democratic and Republican hopefuls look to make their mark on history and make a play for the presidency.\n\nThe Democratic nominee this year is Warren Magnuson, a senator and civil war veteran who famously escaped MacArthur's coup on a defecting naval vessel, and led congressional efforts to repeal the Chinese Exclusion Act during his time in the Senate. Magnuson's campaign has focused on promoting a more progressive agenda for the country. Much of Magnuson's campaign policies are derived from his running mate, Henry \
Magnuson secures victory!
Knowland sweeps the polls!
Taylor will lead the nation!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to [CAN.GetAdjective] Government
Today in the Canadian capital of Ottawa, [NEE_Ambassador_name] and an entourage of military and government officials arrived on behalf of [NEE.GetNameDef] government. A crowd gathered in anticipation of the much-awaited speech by the American diplomatic mission in front of the Beaux-Arts adorned embassy on 100 Wellington Street. While the building formerly served as the American legation, events on the rest of the continent have allowed the legation to transition into a full embassy.\n\n[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] began his speech thanking the Canadian people for its protection and commitment to democracy in the New World. He made it clear that should the United States ever be reunified and rebuilt to its pre-war strength, it would make a great effort to repay America's debt to the Canadian peoples. The speech was made with great appraise by all those present, and it was reported that the British King himself later paid a personal visit to the ambassador. Canadian and New England newspapers spoke warmly of the goodwill mission, with both nations finding themselves drawn closer in their shared goal and dreams of a free world against syndicalism.
Thanks Canada!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to [CAN.GetAdjective] People
In an unprecedented move, [NEE_Ambassador_name] was invited to speak at the Canadian Parliament today. While the President of [NEE.GetNameDef] elected to stay home and attend to domestic affairs, the British King, his Exiles, and the Canadian Prime Minister were in attendance.\n\nSpeaking on behalf of the government of [NEE.GetName], [NEE_Ambassador_name] spoke warmly of the Canadian government's continued support and recognition of American democracy in the Northeast. He remarked that the changing world order meant that the old world powers could finally have a chance to return home once more. While it will take a while for America to heal and recover from the civil war that has torn the continent apart, the might of a restored United States will gladly support the goals and ambitions of the Entente. In return, the Canadian Prime Minister assured the ambassador that the free world of the Entente would stand behind the government of New England in America's darkest hour. He reiterated Canada's continued recognition of [NEE.GetNameDef] government as a legitimate democratic and that henceforth the ties between the two countries should continue to grow closer.
Our people are united!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to [CAN.GetAdjective] Military
In the act of goodwill and friendship, [NEE_Ambassador_name] visited the Royal Canadian Army at CFB Picton in Picton, Ontario. He was seen in attendance with Canadian generals such as General Guy Simonds, but he was also seen in deep conversation with generals of the exiles such as Bernard Montgomery.\n\nNonetheless, the highlight of his visit would be his address to the men of the Canadian Army. [NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] thanked the soldiers of Canada directly, praising them for their brave commitment to restoring democracy to Europe and wishing them success on the eventual homecoming. He emphasised that the Canadian military's role in the intervention of 1937 was instrumental in protecting the people of New England from falling into the chaos and destruction that destroyed the American nation. Finally, he concluded that should the day ever come when Canada needed help, American soldiers would be more than willing to risk life and limb for the freedom of the Canadian and British peoples. The ambassador's visit to the Canadian military was received warmly by the upper echelons of the Canadian army and has elicited great approval from the Canadian troops themselves who never expected to have themselves addressed by [NEE_Ambassador_name] himself.
Together for Victory!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to Ford Motor Company of Canada
Established in 1904, the Ford Motor Company of Canada, based in Walkerville, Ontario, is a famous American Ford Company subsidiary. The company was initially founded with a $125,000 investment from Henry Ford at the McGregor wagon factory across the Detroit River from his original plant in Dearborn, Michigan. The company had gained all Ford patent rights and selling privileges to all parts of the former British Empire, excluding Great Britain and Ireland. The plant would see Canada's first car 
To unparalleled industry!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to Victory Aircraft of Canada
As a consequence of the British Revolution and the empire's collapse, the British aircraft company Avro moved to Canada, thus becoming Avro Canada. The National Steel Car Company built a manufacturing plant at Malton in 1938 to produce military aircraft; the Canadian government then expropriated the company and set up a Crown Corporation named Victory Aircraft Limited. Victory Aircraft secured the license to produce Avro bombers and transport planes in preparation for the eventual homecoming.\n\nIn order to bolster the air capabilities of [NEE.GetNameDef], [NEE_Ambassador_name] visited the plant today in order to sign a contract for twelve Avro bombers. Victory Aircraft president J.P. Bickell took the ambassador on a brief tour showing the ambassador the vast assembly lines and giving the ambassador a chance to meet the hard-working Canadian assemblers. In the frontlines of the Canadian industrial machine, the ambassador took the time to sit down and converse with the Canadian workers - earning him much praise in the press. The ambassador even had the chance to step inside the Avro bombers, where he could see for himself the durability and strength of Canadian engineering. The tour concluded with a visit to Bickell's office, where the two men shared a drink and a cigar before signing off the Canadian planes to the air force of New England.
Long range airpower will win the day!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] speaks to National Steel Car of Canada
As a consequence of the British Revolution and the empire's collapse, the British aircraft company Avro moved to Canada, thus becoming Avro Canada. The National Steel Car Company built a manufacturing plant at Malton in 1938 to produce military aircraft; the Canadian government then expropriated the company and set up a Crown Corporation named Victory Aircraft Limited. Victory Aircraft secured the license to produce Avro bombers and military fighters in preparation for the eventual homecoming.\n\nIn order to bolster the air capabilities of [NEE.GetNameDef], [NEE_Ambassador_name] visited the plant today in order to sign a contract for twenty four modern fighters. Victory Aircraft president J.P. Bickell took the ambassador on a brief tour showing the ambassador the vast assembly lines and giving the ambassador a chance to meet the hard-working Canadian assemblers. In the frontlines of the Canadian industrial machine, the ambassador took the time to sit down and converse with the Canadian workers - earning him much praise in the press. The ambassador even had the chance to step inside a Venom fighter, where he could see for himself the durability and strength of Canadian engineering. The tour concluded with a visit to Bickell's office, where the two men shared a drink and a cigar before signing off the Canadian planes to the air force of New England.
With clear skies, nothing can stop us!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] coordinates construction of new factory
Today, [NEE_Ambassador_name] paid a visit to C.D. Howe, the great Canadian businessman, engineer, and politician at his home. Howe himself always had a soft spot for [NEE.GetNameDef]; the Canadian had been born in Massachusetts and had attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. A businessman and an engineer, Howe's business expanded into engineering consulting and general contracting, with his firm dominating the grain elevators of the Canadian West.\n\nThe two men discussed how to tighten the business and cordial ties between the two nations. Howe proposed a relatively undeveloped plot of land near Port Arthur, Ontario, that could serve as a building ground for a joint Canadian-American factory. The factory in Canadian lands would be staffed with Canadian and American workers, improving employment in both countries while allowing the two nations to reap the profits. It was also reported that upon meeting one another, both men talked for a long while about the situation in America and Canada's role in the intervention. The two men were seen raising a toast to a new era of North American friendship, perhaps a testament of future days of cooperation to come.
To a fruitful partnership!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] invites Industrial Experts from [CAN.GetNameDef]
Thanks to the government's effective stance against the Great Depression, our economy is finally beginning to show signs of recovery. The long queues outside of the soup kitchens are finally becoming a figment of the past and unemployment levels are the lowest they have ever been. As we continue along this path of economic recovery, our government has suggested that we invite industrial experts from our Canadian ally such as Arthur Blaikie Purvis and Max Aitken, 1st Baron Beaverbrook.\n\nClosely tied to the economy of the former United States, the Canadian economy faced an even more harrowing issue when the German economic crisis on Black Monday further exacerbated Canada's economic woes. However, thanks to the aid of prominent industrialists and economists, the Canadian economy is now on the road to recovery especially with the help of government organised projects and ventures such as labour camps and the IEDC. In order to boost our own economy, let us send out invitations to Canadian industrial experts and businessmen so that we too may emulate Canada's economic recovery.
Our industrial might will be unmatched!
Industrial Aid
The aid of our allies shall not go to waste! Our friends in the Entente have provided us with valuable industrial assistance to help the economy of New England grow so that we may finally overcome years of economic stagnation.
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] arranges pro-[NEE.GetAdjective] speech
In a shift in tactics to appeal to an international audience and to our friends in the Entente, [NEE_Ambassador_name] has arranged to present a pro-[NEE.GetAdjective] speech at a conference held by members of the Entente in Montreal. Not only does the speech hope to reach American civilians and soldiers on the continent who are locked in the brutal civil war but the Montreal conference room featured representatives from the Reichspakt who are eager to hear New England's voice.\n\nIn this broadcasted speech, [NEE_Ambassador_name] declared that no matter how long it may take, the \
We will restore America!
[NEE_Ambassador_name_cap] secures support from Mounties
The brainchild of Prime Minister John A. Macdonald, the Northwest Mounted Police (NWMP), was formed following the passage of the Mounted Police Act in 1873. The forerunner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), the Northwest Mounted Police force enforced territorial acquisitions of Canada's westward expansion and served alongside forces of the British imperial forces internationally. The Mounted Police received their \
Your help is much appreciated
Changing of the Guard
Previous ambassador John Winant has announced his intention to resign from his post as ambassador to Canada. In his place comes the promising candidate from somewhere, Jay Moffat. An esteemed dignitary from a prestigious line of emissaries, Moffat seems like a worthy successor to John Winant.\n\nWe can invite Moffat into the direct ear of the President if we would like, otherwise, more resources could be allocated elsewhere if the office was diminished in significance.
Previous ambassador John Winant has announced his intention to resign from his post as ambassador to Canada. In his place comes the promising candidate from somewhere, William Harriman. Some characteristic of Harriman, Harriman seems like a worthy successor to John Winant.\n\nWe can invite Harriman into the direct ear of the President if we would like, otherwise, more resources could be allocated elsewhere if the office was diminished in significance.
Moffat's our man!
Harriman's our man!
Demote the office
Changing of the Guard
Harriman is off to seek election to the Presidency, accordingly he seeks to resign from the ambassador role. In his place he suggests his longtime ally and close friend, Charles Bohlen, a non-partisan pick who should satisfy both parties. Alternatively, the office can be demoted so that efforts can better placed elsewhere.
Approve the Appointment
Demote the Office
Hidden Agent reveals safehouse location
Unfortunate news from our team operating in [UR_state.GetName]. One of the \
We won't give up on them!
Smuggling Group Apprehended
We lost contact with our team who were traveling through [UR_state.GetName]. Our latest report from them mentioned a possible patrol nearby. Since troop movements across [UR_state.GetName] are common, our team thought little of the additional danger. This would be a mistake as the unit they spotted was actually tasked with the takedown of rebel units like ourselves who are attempting to aid \
We can't save them all...
Parallel Group Spotted
Our team in [UR_state.GetName] has made contact with a similar group of travellers who have revealed that they are fleeing towards the safety of Canada. They revealed that they were attempting the flight fully on their own with no contacts/supplies of their own. We could offer them passage with us towards New England, but the inflated numbers in our party may draw unwanted attention from enemy patrols in the region. However, they are not likely to reach either Canada or New England by themselves...
Offer them our help.
Good luck reaching Canada!
Weapon Cache Looted
As our team in [UR_state.GetName] has been making its way towards New England, they managed to stumble off track by accident. This mishap proved to be in our fortune as the team found an abandoned supply depot left behind by [UR_state.Controller.GetNameDef]. Without any fresh tyre tracks or signs of recent occupation, our team quickly secured the weapons and are continuing their move towards New England.
We'll make sure these are put to good use!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
A tinge of normalcy seems to be returning to the nation as elections are being held at the proper time this year free of the chaos surrounding the formation of our nation underneath Canadian arms. Both parties have been hard at work churning out campaign messages to convince the people of [NEE.GetNameDef] to vote for their candidate.\n\nIn the Republican camp, the press has been running endless stories of how President Barrows and his cabinet pushed through legislation to get America back on her feet. For nearly a decade, America wallowed under the effects of the Great Depression, but Barrows has led our nation into prosperity! The Great Depression's worst effects are far behind her, thanks to the programs enacted by Barrows. Accordingly, Barrows has promised that his second term will be devoted to balancing the budget now that the Depression is fading while looking to rededicate those resources to better connect the rural regions.\n\nRunning against them, the Democratic camp is quick to call for an increased government. The Square Deal projects' effectiveness under Barrows is commendable, and those initiatives should continue. Charles Hurley and his running mate Peter Gerry have been touring the nation and speaking to those whose lives have been directly impacted by projects such as the Civilian Conservation Corps. They promise a continuation of relief funds and continued funding of programs such as the WPA.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Hurley and the Democrats win the vote!
Barrows breaks poll records!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
A tinge of normalcy seems to be returning to the nation as elections are being held at the proper time this year free of the chaos surrounding the formation of our nation underneath Canadian arms. Both parties have been hard at work churning out campaign messages to convince the people of [NEE.GetNameDef] to vote for their candidate.\n\nFor the Democrats, president David Walsh and vice-president Theodore Green have been busy travelling the country to speak to those whose lives they directly impacted through the Second Square Deal. Large crowds of workers and farmers show up to these speeches supporting the duo responsible for delivering much-needed relief. For over a decade, the political establishment of Lowden and Smith was content to let the market \
Give Walsh four more years!
Winant and the Republicans win the vote!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
A tinge of normalcy seems to be returning to the nation as elections are being held at the proper time this year free of the chaos surrounding the formation of our nation underneath Canadian arms. With the nation firmly stabilised underneath the compromise cabinet's leadership, they have agreed to split peaceably and resume the Two-Party system. Both parties have been hard at work churning out campaign messages to convince the people of [NEE.GetNameDef] to vote for their candidate.\n\nThe Republican Party has found most of its success gaining votes from the bankers and businessmen of New England. To deepen their connection, presidential candidate John Winant has promised to enact legislation to protect business owners from wildcat strikes that can threaten to put a plant out of business. Career senator from Maine, Frederick Hale, the proposed vice-president has called for closer relations with our northern neighbour Canada. Without whom, we would not have been spared the chaos of the Second American civil war.\n\nThe Democratic camp has been quick to promote Charles Hurley as the future for [NEE.GetNameDef]. His experience in providing relief for those in Massachusetts affected by the Great 1938 Hurricane that devastated the East Coast. Hurley has been busy travelling the nation giving speeches detailing his plans to regulate the usage of police in breaking up strikes and expanding the minimum wages for women and children. He hopes to use the goodwill gained from these tours to bring the donkey in as the party of the people!\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Generic desc if something bugs out.
Hurley and the Democrats win the vote!
Winant and the Republicans win the vote!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
Once more, all across [NEE.GetNameDef], one can see vast multitudes of political signs pleading voters to pick their candidate at the polling stations. Both parties have taken great effort to ensure their side makes it into the presidency this year.\n\nThe Democratic Party has nominated incumbent president Charles Hurley to continue to lead [NEE.GetNameDef]. Finding great success in his alliance with the progressive party's labour element, Hurley has elected to continue to keep them included in his cabinet. He has assured Frances Perkins, that her excellent workers-centred guidance in economic matters has made a great difference for the American people, and should continue to do so.\n\nThe Republican candidate Raymond Baldwin of Connecticut comes in opposition to Hurley. Making large headlines as well is the prospective vice-president Irving Ives. As a member of the State Joint Legislative Committee on Industrial and Labor Conditions, Ives has made headways into the traditional voter base of the Democratic Party. Ives has announced his intention to sponsor the Ives-Quinn Act of [GetYear], which seeks to prohibit discrimination in employment based on race, creed, colour, or national origin at the state level.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Hurley will continue to lead us well!
The Baldwin-Ives ticket scores big!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
Once more, all across [NEE.GetNameDef], one can see vast multitudes of political signs pleading voters to pick their candidate at the polling stations. Both parties have taken great effort to ensure their side makes it into the presidency this year.\n\nWith his two terms coming to an end, President Barrows has announced his intention to follow in the tradition of his predecessors and lay down the mantle of the presidency. His time in office will be remembered fondly for his great effort to wake America from her slumber during the Great Depression. Taking his place as the Republican candidate is Raymond Baldwin, the governor of Connecticut. Like Barrows before him, Baldwin is a proponent of a balanced budget and an avid opponent of corruption in the workplace.\n\nRising to meet him at the polls is the mayor of Massachusetts, Maurice Tobin. Labour unions have backed Tobin after his advocacy for legislation to prevent racial discrimination in hiring processes. Tobin has called for additional unemployment benefits for those who are out of work. He also plans to distance himself from his political mentor James Curley, after the scandal that recently torpedoed Kennedy Sr's presidential run.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Once more, all across [NEE.GetNameDef], one can see vast multitudes of political signs pleading voters to pick their candidate at the polling stations. Both parties have taken great effort to ensure their side makes it into the presidency this year.\n\nThis campaign season has not been kind to the Democratic Party. First, Walsh's reputation was tarnished by the scandal involving his suspected involvement at a brothel and his suspected homosexuality brought into the public light. Nothing to mention of the other syndicalist parties who were involved in the raid on the brothel. Following this event, Walsh agreed to drop his aspirations for a third term and hand them off to Joseph Kennedy Sr. However, this plan turned to nothing in short order as well. Another scandal erupted following James Curley's arrest. Following the investigation, news broke out that showed links between him and Kennedy with the latter purchasing political favours as bribes from the former mayor. With little time to spare, the Democratic hastily nominated Maurice Tobin as their candidate. However, with most of the campaign funding going to clean up their image, many predict a Republican victory.\n\nIn contrast to the chaos of the Democratic Party, the Republican Party seems to be an oasis of calm in the storm. While the Democrats did work wonders to get the country out of the worst of the Great Depression, Raymond Baldwin and Irving Ives are looking more and more appealing as scandals keep rocking the Democratic boat. Ives connections with many Democratic politicians through his work on the State Joint Legislative Committee on Industrial and Labor Conditions has endeared him with many who may be interested in jumping ship. Meanwhile, Baldwin's more conservative nature and policy continue to draw many from the traditional voter base of the Republican Party.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Once more, all across [NEE.GetNameDef], one can see vast multitudes of political signs pleading voters to pick their candidate at the polling stations. Both parties have taken great effort to ensure their side makes it into the presidency this year.\n\nWhile Winant was quick to take the reins of the presidency; it seems that his term has aged him tremendously. He once was energetic and a close friend with the King in Canada and former lord of the admiralty Winston Churchill, Winant is now more content to slink away towards a more depressed state. He has elected not to run for a second term but to nominate Raymond Baldwin in his place. Graciously accepting the offer from his ailing president, Baldwin has campaigned for better protections for veterans and the creation of committees to help oversee the transition of factories back to civilian goods rather than war materiel.\n\nRunning against Baldwin for the Democrats is the ticket of Maurice Tobin and James Farley. Hailed as one of the Square Deal heroes, prospective vice-president James Farley has attracted large crowds of supporters wherever he goes. His guidance helped shape many social programs that reached out to the poor across New England during the Great Depression. Tobin and Farley have both campaigned on a promise of continuing small scale relief projects that were so effective during the tail end of the 30's.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Generic desc if something bugs out.
Tobin and Farley are declared the winners!
The Baldwin-Ives ticket scores big!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
The two political behemoths of [NEE.GetNameDef] have roared back to life for the presidential election of [GetYear]! Both parties have spun up the printing press and the nation's airwaves to exhort the people to vote for their party's candidate this November.\n\nIncumbent President Maurice Tobin has busy touring the nation seeking to garner as much support as possible for the election. Union workers make up the largest core of his audience. His policies with the Fair Employment Practices Bill and Fair Labour Standards Act have done much to endear him to the working class.\n\nRising to meet the defender of the workers, are George Aiken and Robert Bradford for the Republican party. Aiken has campaigned on the promise of following in Theodore Roosevelt's footsteps to bust large monopolies that are constricting business in [NEE.GetNameDef]. Running mate Robert Bradford of Massachusetts has been vocal in his support towards caring for veterans through reduced cost housing and ensuring that they do not fall victim to the keg. Many remember his programme in November last year entitled the \
Four more years for Tobin and Farley!
The Aiken/Bradford ticket takes the lead!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
The two political behemoths of [NEE.GetNameDef] have roared back to life for the presidential election of [GetYear]! Both parties have spun up the printing press and the nation's airwaves to exhort the people to vote for their party's candidate this November.\n\nFor the Republican Party, Raymond Baldwin has continued his bid for a second term as the president of [NEE.GetNameDef]. While not popular with those relying on the handouts, Baldwin seeks to continue to reduce any remaining government overreach leftover from the Square Deal era. The expansive social programs enacted during the Depression were vital for a time, but if America is to be strong once more, she needs to stand on her own two feet! His campaign slogan to \
Harriman and McCormack sweep the competition!
A second term for Baldwin and Ives!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
The two political behemoths of [NEE.GetNameDef] have roared back to life for the presidential election of [GetYear]! Both parties have spun up the printing press and the nation's airwaves to exhort the people to vote for their party's candidate this November.\n\nWith Hurley's two terms coming to a close, he has elected to follow in the traditions of his predecessors and step down from office. In his place, Hurley has elected former ambassador William Harriman as his successor. With Hurley being a big proponent of the labour movement, he has also strongly endorsed Harriman's running mate John W. McCormack. A firm supporter of the Square Deal, McCormack was instrumental in its passage through Congress. They have campaigned on continued support for government healthcare and increased educational stipends.\n\nFrom the Republican camp comes the senator from Vermont, George Aiken. Although Aiken was a Republican, he supported the Square Deal in his home state of Vermont and called for increased liberalisation of the party. In a speech given in 1938, Aiken called out the Republican Party for turning away from the vision of Lincoln. Aiken's seeks to continue the process of rural electrification in the upper Northeast that the Square Deal started. Everyone deserves access to electricity and the modern age.\n\nAfter a flurry of activity at the polls; the election results have come back in...
Generic desc if something bugs out.
Harriman and McCormack sweep the competition!
The Aiken/Bradford ticket takes the lead!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
With the turn of the new decade, both political parties seek to impact American history. With the devastation of the second Weltkrieg in the past, the time has come to rebuild. Campaign slogans can be seen and heard on practically every street corner throughout [NEE.GetNameDef]!\n\nThe George Aiken and Robert Bradford campaign has continued to grow in popularity following their policies that reach out to the people. Their more liberal Republicanism may have alienated some of the more conservative Republicans, but they have seen a great increase in moderate support. To better connect the country, Bradford has fought for increased spending towards a national highway system to connect one end of the country to the other.\n\nFrom the Democratic camp, opposing Aiken's second term, comes Chester Bowles and Paul Dever. Both are also in support of an expansion to the infrastructure of the nation. Dever has announced several plans to expand old age and compensation insurance while improving Americans' care and education for those with mental handicaps. Meanwhile, Bowles is not content to focus on America but also wishes to turn the nations gaze abroad to help the developing world economically.\n\nThe watching world gazes on to see the result of the election. The election results have come back as...
The Bowles/Dever ticket comes out on top!
Aiken and Bradford get four more years!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
With the turn of the new decade, both political parties seek to impact American history. With the devastation of the second Weltkrieg in the past, the time has come to rebuild. Campaign slogans can be seen and heard on practically every street corner throughout [NEE.GetNameDef]!\n\nIncumbant President William Harriman is committed to continuing for a second term in office. He hopes that his expansive social policies at home will earn him enough favour with the American people to win another election. Yet, Harriman is also running his campaign centred around the building up of longstanding allied powers. If [NEE.GetNameDef] wants to stay on top in the world, we must build up our allies to ensure that our influence is not slowly picked apart.\n\nFrom the Republican camp, come the rising stars of Thomas Dewey and Nelson Rockefeller. Both men are moderate Republicans who threaten to steal many moderate Democratic voters. Their middle-ground policies are proving quite popular on both sides of the aisle. For his part, Dewey has spoken of [NEE.GetNameDef] as a glowing beacon to a world that seeks to rebuild. Much as she was the arsenal of democracy during the second Weltkrieg, she must now become the carpenter of democracy, with aid going out to help democracies around the world rebuild from the carnage of the last decade!\n\nThe watching world gazes on to see the result of the election. The election results have come back as...
A second term for Harriman and McCormack!
Dew it with Dewey!
[GetYear] Presidential Election
With the turn of the new decade, both political parties seek to impact American history. With the devastation of the second Weltkrieg in the past, the time has come to rebuild. Campaign slogans can be seen and heard on practically every street corner throughout [NEE.GetNameDef]!\n\nFollowing his two terms in office, Maurice Tobin has agreed to step down from office following the urging of his vice-president James Farley. Such a tradition is vital to uphold the American legacy. The Democratic Party has nominated the current governor of Connecticut, Chester Bowles in his place. Bowles is an eager internationalist with a vision for [NEE.GetNameDef]. He sees the waiting beacon of liberty as too passive of a step, in order to truly assert ourselves on the national stage, [NEE.GetNameDef] must reach out with economic aid to developing countries.\n\nRunning against Bowles for the Republican Party are Thomas Dewey and Nelson Rockefeller. Both men are committed moderates inside of the Republican party. Their growing influence has begun to move the party to align with more liberal policies. Rockefeller himself is strongly committed to making allies with Latin America beneath our borders. He has proposed the IBEC or international basic economic corporation to help developing countries create more efficient farms and industries.\n\nThe watching world gazes on to see the result of the election. The election results have come back as...
With the turn of the new decade, both political parties seek to impact American history. With the devastation of the second Weltkrieg in the past, the time has come to rebuild. Campaign slogans can be seen and heard on practically every street corner throughout [NEE.GetNameDef]!\n\nAfter serving for two terms, President Raymond Baldwin has announced his intention to step down from the [GetYear] election. While his efforts to restore the budget and get America back on her feet came to success, it did not endear Baldwin with many voters. In his place, the Republican Party has chosen Thomas Dewey, the governor of New York. Dewey is a more amenable candidate for liberal Americans. He supported the Square Deal projects and is committed to retaining what few programs have remained since the Baldwin administration.\n\nRunning against Dewey for the Democrats is Chester Bowles, the current governor of Connecticut, and avid internationalist. Bowles has claimed that the most effective way to align the developing world towards [NEE.GetNameDef] is through foreign investment into their economy. It is not right that millions go hungry abroad while [NEE.GetNameDef] has more than enough for herself.\n\nThe watching world gazes on to see the result of the election. The election results have come back as...
Generic desc if something bugs out.
The Bowles/Dever ticket comes out on top!
Dew it with Dewey!
American Research Cooperation
The American Research Cooperation is designed to improve science and develop research with allies of the United States of America!\n
Tank Destroyer Manufacturer
Main Battle Tank Manufacturer
Ambassador to Canada
Isadore Wofsy
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1893, in Daugavpils, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jasper McLevy
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1878, in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States of America§!
Arnold Petersen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1885, in Odense, Kingdom of Denmark§!
Thomas Charles O'Brien
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1887, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
William Durward Connor
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1874, in Newark, Wisconsin, United States of America§!
Ralph Owen Brewster
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1888, in Dexter, Maine, United States of America§!
New England Congress
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 4th, 1789, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCongress is vested with the power to write laws, pass budgets and declare war. Provisions for a veto override, requiring two thirds of both Houses to agree, keeps Presidential veto power in check.§!
Wilbur Lucius Cross
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1862, in Mansfield, Connecticut, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCross is renowned across the American literary scene for his talented work in analysing English literature. From academia, Cross competed for the position of governorship for the state of Connecticut of which he won successfully. With the outbreak of the civil war, Cross finds himself in a precarious position following the Canadian occupation of New England. One of the many Americans who petitioned the Canadian government to intervene, Cross's openness to embrace the Entente's arrival into America has led some to suspect that he is no more than a mere puppet of the former British Empire. While he is on paper the leader of a provisional government led by Ottawa, he is also the temporary interim leader of New England until a suitable President is chosen.§!
David I. Walsh
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1872, in Leominster, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDavid Ignatius Walsh attended local public schools in his youth before attending Boston University Law school, after which he was admitted to the bar. Rising to politics in a longtime Republican district as a Democrat, Walsh proposed increased government responsibility for charity work and the mentally ill and pushed for censorship of the racist film 
Charles F. Hurley
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 24th, 1893, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles Francis Hurley's early life was marked with tragedy as he lost both his parents at a young age. He was then raised by the family housekeeper, a former US District Attorney, before attending Boston College and becoming a salesman in athletic goods. Hurley then embarked on a career in local politics before ascending to the position of Massachusetts State Treasurer for three consecutive terms as a Democrat. The success of his political run convinced him of greater political aspirations, and he ran successfully for governor in the 1936 election. As the nation descended into chaos, the Irish-American governor sought to resolve tensions between Yankee Protestants and Irish-American Catholics. In the wake of the destructive 1938 New England Hurricane, Hurley oversaw the relief and rebuilding efforts for the city of Boston.\n\nNow the newly elected 33rd President of the United States finds himself in a much greater position, the defender of American democracy in the wake of radicals and reactionaries. Serving alongside Hurley is fellow Democrat Peter Gerry, a wealthy senator from the state of Rhode Island. Gerry was tutored and mentored by none other than Canadian politician William Lyon Mackenzie King in his youth.§!
Maurice J. Tobin
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1901, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMaurice Joseph Tobin's Catholic and Irish heritage has led him to become deeply popular among Boston's Irish population. He briefly worked at Conway Leather and New England Telephone after graduating from Boston University until he entered politics as a protege of the esteemed Democrat James Curley. At just the young age of 25, Tobin was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, which he served from 1925-1929. A fiscally conservative man, Tobin then became mayor of Boston serving the city without authorising large public scale projects. His career as mayor was rocked by the Coconut Grove fire, but the scandal did not stop the ambitious Tobin from running for President. An energetic and vigorous member of the Democratic Party, Tobin became elected as the 34th President, securing for the Democrats four more years in the White House. The nation waits to see what the new President will do, especially those involved in labour as Tobin has been a constant supporter of labour unions and socially liberal policies.\n\nServing alongside Tobin is James Farley, an Irish-Catholic New Yorker and member of the Knights of Malta. A fierce fighter for civil rights, especially for African-Americans, Farley has announced he will supervise the rebuilding of the nation's postal service and significantly improve its airmail capabilities. The two men have vowed to reunite and rebuild America once and for all under the leadership of the Democratic Party.§!
W. Averell Harriman
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1891, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAverell Harriman, born as \
Chester Bowles
§YBorn:§! §LApril 5th, 1901, in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LChester Bliss Bowles came from a Republican family who hated and feared big government. However, Bowles' political views were shaped by his aunt Ruth Standish Baldwin, a socialist and friend of Norman Thomas. After graduating from Yale University, Bowles became an advertising executive, although he was forced to flee from New York City due to the arrival of the civil war. Initially opposed to Canada's involvement in American politics, Bowles joined the America First Committee, although he voiced his support for New England after the provisional government entered the fray. After the civil war, Bowles led the Office of Economic Stabilisation, using his years in economics to help rebuild the nation's war-torn economy. In 1948, he became governor of Connecticut, defeating James C. Shannon signed the end of segregated national guard units and acts to improve mental health and housing.\n\nNow the 36th President of the United States, after securing the election of 1952, Bowles plans to lead a new America, one willing to help develop the world's weaker nations. Realising America's restored industrial and military might be better used to serve the world, Bowles will push for greater American world involvement to keep the peace. Paul Dever, the governor of Massachusetts and a former Lt. Commander in the Civil War, will be serving alongside Bowles. The youngest ever Attorney General of Massachusetts, Dever's governorship saw mental health reforms and efforts to resist domestic syndicalism.§!
Joseph William Martin Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1884, in North Attleborough, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoseph Martin Jr came from an Irish New England family and spent his youth playing ball and working as a newspaper editor. A so-called 
Lewis O. Barrows
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1893, in Newport, Maine, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLewis Orin Barrows studied in local schools around Newport before attending the University of Maine with a degree in pharmacy. His political career began to take off after holding local positions in Newport such as serving as the treasurer and as an eventual state committeeman under the Republican Party. As the nation descended into chaos in 1936, Maine remained unscathed from much of the violence and Barrows made sure that Maine would remain free from radicalism under his leadership as Maine Secretary of State.\n\nWith the arrival of the second civil war among the states of the former United States of America, Barrows along with prominent New England politicians and governors were among those who appealed to Canada for protection. Representing what is left of the Republican Party, Barrows has been nominated to serve as an interim president in the hopes of securing the eventual restoration of American democracy. Serving alongside President Barrows is Vice President Henry Styles Bridges, the former governor of New Hampshire. A teacher and businessman, Styles Bridges was the youngest state governor of the time and now is eager to join Barrows' administration.§!
John G. Winant
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1889, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn on the East Side, John Gilbert Winant came from a prosperous family and attended Princeton University, although his marks were relatively poor. After a brief stint in the army, Winant entered state politics by elected to the New Hampshire Senate. Following a successful career in the Senate, Winant ascended to Governor of New Hampshire under the Republican Party from 1925-1927 and then from 1931-1935. He achieved state-wide fame for his handling of the decades-long economic depression that had beset America. Active in the Square Deal policies that helped end the depression in New England, Winant has easily been chosen among his party to lead New England onwards in its most challenging days. Following his governorship, Winant ascended to the powerful position of being the American ambassador to Canada where he played a hand in the many interactions between the Provisional Government and the Canadian nation. The 33rd President of the United States faces a broken nation but is eager to reunite and take its place once more as the hegemon of the New World.\n\nServing alongside Winant is Frederick Hale, a Maine lawyer and Senator from Harvard University. A long-time Republican and chairman of the Committee of Canadian Relations - Hale has espoused fierce anti-Ku Klux Klan views in public and has not been afraid to denounce them.§!
Raymond E. Baldwin
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 31st, 1893, in Rye, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRaymond Earl Baldwin's home state became Connecticut after moving there at a young age and spending his college years at Yale. Baldwin participated in the Stratford Town Court as a prosecutor, eventually advancing to judge of the town court in 1931. As the country fell apart, the governor of Connecticut, Baldwin, was among those who petitioned the Canadian government to intervene due to the civil war. To ensure the safety of the people of New England, Baldwin supervised a complex array of civil defences and statewide services on the homefront which grew his popularity within the Republican Party. He certainly has his work cut out for him as the nation reels from the horror of the great war - only time will tell whether or not Baldwin's hand will lead to prosperity and peace in the future.\n\nServing alongside Baldwin, New Yorker Irving Ives, a man whose family dates back to the first settlers who settled in New England. Re-elected many times in the New York State Assembly, Ives publicly expressed his desire to end workplace discrimination based on race, creed, and colour. Together, both men have vowed to reunite and rebuild America once and for all under the leadership of the Republican Party.§!
George Aiken
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1892, in Dummerston, Vermont, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge David Aiken developed a strong interest in agriculture early, a passion that he would carry on in his career as governor of Vermont. A Republican, he ran unsuccessfully for the Vermont House of Representatives in 1922, but he ran successfully in 1930 and 1932. He ascended to the position of Lieutenant Governor in 1934 and became governor in 1936, just as the nation descended into chaos. As governor of Vermont during the civil war, Aiken helped organise work projects to alleviate the economic stress caused by years of the great depression. A proponent of spending projects for rural America, Aiken holds great affection for the natural beauty of his home state, although these views put him at odds with old-guard Republicans. With his background in agriculture, he portrayed himself as the defender of farmers and the common folk - with this stance and popularity, he accepted the Republican nomination for the campaign of 1948.\n\nNow the 35th President of the United States, Aiken faces a nation finally shaking off the dust after years of economic woe and instability. Serving alongside Aiken is Robert Bradford, the Republican Lt. Governor of Boston, and a man from a long-time traditional New England family. During his time as Lt. Governor, Bradford emphasised fiscal conservatism but social liberal values as seen in his project such as housing and care for civil war veterans.§!
Thomas E. Dewey
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1902, in Owosso, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThomas Edmund Dewey attended the University of Michigan, where he briefly contemplated a career in singing. After a throat ailment convinced him a job in such was risky, Dewey instead pursued law which brought him to New York City. First serving as a federal prosecutor, Dewey achieved headlines in the 1930s by prosecuting gangster Waxey Gordon. With an excellent memory, Dewey used his details of crimes and telephone taps to bring down criminal organisations. Unfortunately for Dewey, however, the great civil war forced him to flee from New York City and head north to New England, where he would serve as governor in 1942, 1946, and 1950. Regarded as an honest and effective governor, Dewey banned racial discrimination in employment and increased state aid for education and salaries for state employees. His Postwar 
Leslie Groves Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1896, in Albany, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLeslie Richard Groves Jr. was born in a family with quite a history in the military, considering his father had served in the Spanish-American War, the Philippines and the Boxer Rebellion. During his late high-school years, Groves started to enrol in courses at the University of Washington, hoping to get an appointment to the United States Military Academy. He got his wish when President Woodrow Wilson himself allowed him to compete for his vacancy, but his grades weren't high enough to be accepted. Instead, Groves joined the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the meantime while he prepared to retake West Point's entrance exam. In 1916, he took the entrance exam again, and was accepted, visiting the European battlefields on an educational tour in 1919 and graduating in 1920 as a second lieutenant in the Corps of Engineers, thanks to his experience in MIT. He was posted with the 4th Engineer corps stationed at Camp Lewis, and would later be moved to Fort Worden, where he'd meet his future wife, Grace Wilson. In late 1922, he was posted in Hawaii with the 3rd Engineer corps at the Schofield Barracks, where he earned a commendation for helping construct a trail from Kahuku to Pupukea. He would be assigned several times, becoming commander of Company D of the 1st Engineer Battalion, helping during the New England flood of 1927, being sent to Nicaragua in 1929 to conduct surveys for the construction of the Nicaragua Canal, and being assigned to look over Nicaragua's water supply after the 1931 earthquake. It was upon his return to a shattered United States that he gained his last promotions, rising to the rank of Field marshal in New England, mainly due to the sheer lack of capable staff in the region.§!\n\n§YNotes: A brilliant engineer, he has been following closely the development of Nuclear Fission technology keeping regular contact with Otto Hahn and Lise Meitner.§!
Merritt A. Edson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 25th, 1897, in Rutland, Vermont, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMerritt Austin Edson joined the University of Vermont in 1915, and in June 1916 he joined the First Infantry Regiment of the Vermont National Guard, where he was sent to Eagle Pass, Texas to work in the Mexican Border. He'd return to Vermont in September, but some time after returning to his university he signed up for the Marine Corps Reserve. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Marine Corps on October 1917, and would be promoted to first lieutenant in June 1920. He later signed up for the Naval Air Station Pensacola, and earned his gold wings as a naval aviator in 1922. He was later stationed in Guam, where he received training on semi-tropical environments and upon returning to the US in 1925, he'd take an advanced aviation tactics course at Kelly Field, Texas. He'd later be sent to Nicaragua to fight against the Sandinista forces, and would return to the United States by late 1929. He has since then become the Coach and captain of the Marine corps National Rifle and Pistol teams, managing to win both the 1935 and 1936 tournaments, despite several interruptions due to the growing social unrest. He was finally promoted to Major in February 1936, and assigned to Philadelphia. With the collapse of the Union into civil war, Merritt hardly managed to reach New England before armies closed down the border towards New England. His experience and fame have granted him an early promotion to the rank of Brigadier General.§!\n\n§YNotes: Apathetic to politics.§!
Mark W. Clark
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1896, in Sackets Harbour, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMark Wayne Clark was born into a family with a great military history. His grandfather was George Rogers Clark, a military general from the times of the American Revolution, and is the cousin of Army General George Marshall. He joined the United States Military Academy at West Point when he was just 17, in 1913, but unfortunately lost time in his career due to his constant illness. In his time in West Point, he met and befriended Dwight Eisenhower, and Clark graduated in April 1917 alongside Matthew Ridgway and J. Lawton Collins as a second lieutenant. Like his grandfather, he chose to serve in the Infantry corps where he was assigned to the 11th Infantry Regiment. He'd later serve in a variety of staff and training roles, gaining the rank of First Lieutenant in 1921, the rank of Captain in 1925 after completing the professional officer course at the US Army Infantry School, and reached rank of Major in 1933 after being assigned as the training instructor of the Indiana Army National Guard. He served as the deputy commander of the Civilian Conservation Corps district in Omaha, Nebraska while doing courses at the U.S. Army Command and General Staff School where he would meet old classmates like Matthew Ridgway once more, as well as meeting Walter Bedell Smith and Geoffrey Keyes, with whom he had a cordial relationship. As the internal situation deteriorated, Clark was on leave in New York, and when hostilities broke out, he moved to New England looking for safety. With the lack of capable staff, Clark has been hastily promoted to Brigadier General, where he'll now have to oversee the creation of a new army.§!\n\n§YNotes: While his loyalty is unquestioned, his friendship with now enemy Generals have raised concerns that General Clark will be unable to do his duty when the time comes to face them openly on the battlefield.§!
George Kenney
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 6th, 1889, in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Dominion of Canada§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge Churchill Kenney entered the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1907 where he followed a course in civil engineering. He never completed his studies, as his father abandoned his family and he was forced to work in order to sustain his family. He later enlisted as a flying cadet for the Aviation section of the US Signal Corps. He was commissioned as a first lieutenant in the 5th of November of 1917 and wouldn't be promoted until 1921 after taking a course at the Air Service Engineering School of Dayton, Ohio. He became Air Service Inspector of the Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company. In 1926, Kenney became a student at the Air Corps Tactical School, at Langley Field, Virginia, where he became increasingly interested in the combined used of the air force and the army to coordinate deadly attacks. In September 1932, Kenney entered the Army War College in Washington, D.C. where he joined one of several committees studying Weltkrieg battles, where he became an expert on the Second Battle of the Masurian Lakes, and began working on what came to be known as the War Plan Orange. He was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in March 1935, and was assigned to the Infantry School at Fort Benning, in Georgia. However, seeing the buildup to the civil war from the Longist South, Kenney was certain that hostilities were about to break out so he prepared an escape plane with a group of loyalists, and decided to escape northwards as soon as hostilities broke out. Despite all odds, the plane managed to reach New England unscathed, and Kenney has joined the New England General Staff to provide for their defence any way he can.§!
Willard Gordon Wyman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1898, in Augusta, Maine, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWillard Gordon Wyman entered the United States Military Academy in 1917 and was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Coastal Artillery Branch, and later transferred to the Cavalry Branch of the United States Army. He became an infantry and cavalry instructor in 1921, and would gain valuable experience working as an attaché on China between 1928 and 1932, reaching the rank of Captain upon his return. The lack of capable staff forced an early promotion to Brigadier General for Wyman, but he has shown willingness to learn despite being thrown in such a difficult position.§!
Lemuel C. Shepherd Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1896, in Norfolk, Virginia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLemuel Cornick 'Lem' Shepherd Jr. graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1917, and would enter the Marine Corps right after as a second lieutenant. He'd slowly climbed his way to Captain in 1922, where he was assigned to the Marine Company that assisted the Brazil's Centennial Exposition and would be later reassigned to the Marine Detachment on the USS New York. In 1927, he was shipped to Tianjin to serve in the 3rd Marine Brigade guarding the American Legation in the city. Lemuel would return to America in 1929 and graduate from the Field Officers' Course in 1932. He'd be sent to Haiti to serve with the Garde d'Haïti as a District and Department Commander, where he earned his promotion to Major. In 1934, Shepherd was detailed to the Marine Barracks, Washington, D. C., as Executive Officer and as Registrar of the Marine Corps Institute and would be promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in early 1936. After his promotion, he was assigned to the Naval War College at Newport, Rhode Island. With the country spiralling into Civil War and the Canadian seizure of New England, Shepherd presented his services to the New England Government, earning his promotion to Brigadier General and being assigned to the New England Marine Corps, where his experience shall be greatly valued by the small New England staff.§!
Cornelius Edward Ryan
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1896, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFollowing high school, Cornelius E. Ryan attended the University of Connecticut where he was active in football and basketballs squads and reached the rank of first sergeant in the Reserve Officer Training Corps. From there, Ryan pursued a career in the United States military - entering the Company Officers' Course in September of 1922. With an avid interest in modern military technology, Ryan studied tanks at the Centre D' Etude des Chars de Combat in the Commune of France. When the civil war broke out, Ryan decided to remain in his home state of Massachusetts, hoping to aid the New England government's claim to legitimacy amidst the chaos. In his studies of European warfare, Ryan is heavily influenced by the concepts of vertical envelopment and believes that New England should invest in airborne training. With permission of the high command, Ryan began organising and searching for volunteers to join New England's first airborne forces.§!
Ernest N. Harmon
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1894, in Lowell, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTragically orphaned at the age of ten, Ernest Nason Harmon was raised by his relatives in Newbury, Vermont, and would spend much of his early life in the village of West Newbury. He attended Norwich University for a year before receiving an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1913. Prominent in school activities such as horse riding, hockey, football, and boxing - Harmon's time at West Point also drew him close to fellow graduate Mark W. Clark. In 1921, he was assigned to West Point as an instructor in mechanical drawing, and his additional duties included coaching for the football team and West Point's first lacrosse team. He would serve in the 6th Cavalry Regiment in Georgia and four years as a Professor of Military Science and Commandant of Cadets at Norwich. In 1933, he graduated from the United States Army Command and General Staff College, and in 1934, he became a graduate of the United States Army War College. When the civil war broke out in the spring of 1937, Harmon decided to stay with his close friend Mark W. Clark, and joined the Provisional Government of New England. His leadership experience and exemplary educational background will be pivotal in training the relatively inexperienced armed forces of New England.§!
Allan Rockwell McCann
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1896, in North Adams, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAllan Rockwell McCann graduated from the United States Naval Academy in March 1917. He was assigned to USS Kansas on which he served until September 1919. Following instruction in submarines aboard USS Fulton at the Submarine Base at New London, he joined USS K-6 in January 1920, serving in command of that submarine from May to September of that year and subsequently commanded the submarines USS N-4 and USS L-3 until June 1922. He transferred to USS R-21 at Coco Solo serving in command of that submarine until she was decommissioned in June 1924. In July 1924, returning to the Submarine Base at New London, he served as an instructor in Diesel Engineering for one year, assigned to USS Chewink. He then was transferred to duty as Chief Engineer and Repair Officer of that Base. In 1925, he was assigned additional duty as technical advisor to the Peruvian Naval Commission at the Electric Boat Company and when detached in 1926, he commanded the submarine USS S-30 until 1929. He then served in the Design Division, later in the Maintenance Division, Bureau of Construction and Repair (now Bureau of Ships), Navy Department, Washington, D.C., for two years starting in July 1929. From August 1931 until June 1934, he commanded the submarine USS Bonita. In the start of 1937 he assumed duty as Commander, 2nd Submarine Division, Submarine Fleet and was serving in that command when New England's government was proclaimed. After joining New England he was promoted to rear admiral.§!
Edward Ellsberg
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 21st, 1891, in New Haven, Connecticut, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEdward 'Commander Ellsberg' Ellsberg was one of the very few Jews who were accepted into the United States Naval Academy, from which he graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1914 and later earned his Master of Science degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1920. Ellsberg was commissioned in the navy in 1914 and served on active duty until 1926. He became an expert in undersea salvage and rescue. In 1926, he raised the navy submarine, S-51. For that success he was promoted to the rank of commander by an Act of Congress and awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the Navy Department, since which time he has been popularly known as 'Commander Ellsberg'. Ellsberg described the raising of the S-51 in his 1929 book, 'On the Bottom'. After leaving active duty, Ellsberg worked for the Tide Water Oil Company and began writing books about his exploits and about historical events. In 1927, Ellsberg volunteered for active duty to rescue survivors trapped in the sunken submarine S-4. The rescue efforts failed and Ellsberg returned home in early January 1928 when he continued work on Tide Water Oil Company. Immediately after the declaration of New England, Ellsberg rejoined the navy and was promoted to the rank of rear admiral.§!
Thomas C. Hart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1877, in Davison, Michigan, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA 1897 graduate from the US Naval Academy in Annapolis, Thomas Charles Hart's distinguished and storied naval career started about a year later with the Spanish American war. An officer aboard the battleship USS Massachusetts during a blockade of Santiago de Cuba, Hart was commended for his courage commanding a steam cutter in Cabanas bay searching for landing sites. Despite extensive fire from shore batteries, Hart was successful in his mission and took no losses despite repeated hits. His proficient ship handling would get him placed in the USS Vixen, where he would make lifelong friends with the then Lt. Alexander Sharp Jr and Ensign Arthur MacArthur III (the late elder brother of Douglas MacArthur).\n\nAfter a stint about a sloop, Hart would teach ordnance and gunnery at Annapolis. His connections at the institute included marrying the daughter of the then Superintendent Rear Admiral Brownson. He would also qualify to command submarines, becoming a Chief of Staff to the Commander of the Atlantic Fleet's Submarine Force. Although the United States thankfully sat out the Weltkrieg, Hart was determined to study German uboats during his tenure. After serving as the Superintendent of the US Naval Academy from 1931-1934, Hart was posted to the General Board of the US Navy. The start of the civil war has seen Hart join the New England government along with other members of the Atlantic fleet in hopes of preserving democracy. With the civil war underway, Hart continues to lobby for the creation of a modern US submarine fleet, which he believes will best allow for New England to disrupt foreign shipments of aid.§!
Harold R. Stark
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1880, in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHarold Rainsford 'Betty' Stark enrolled in the United States Naval Academy in 1899 and graduated with the class of 1903. As a plebe there he received the nickname \
Richmond K. Turner
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1885, in Portland, Oregon, United States of America§!
Earle E. Partridge
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1900, in Winchendon, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Harold Buckley Willis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1890, in Boston, Massachusetts United States of America§!
George D. Murray
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1889, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Harold Lee George
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1893, in Somerville, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Harold Huston George
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1892, in Lockport, New York, United States of America§!
Clarence Lionel Adcock
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1895, in Waltham, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Charles Evans Hughes Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1862, in Glens Falls, New York State, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCharles Hughes Sr's father emigrated from Wales to the US in 1855, settling in New York, with his son attending Madison University in 1876, and completing his legal studies in 1884. Hughes became Governor of New York in 1906, with help from former President Theodore Roosevelt. He was appointed Associate Justice to the Supreme Court in 1916, after a successful run as a Progressive Governor, and served as Secretary of State in 1920, helping negotiate settlements with Japan to protect their possessions in the Philippines.§!
Dean Acheson
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1893, in Middletown, Connecticut, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDean Acheson was born in Connecticut in 1893, and attended Yale University. He also was a student at Harvard, during which time he was a student of the famous jurist Felix Frankfurter. He later became a clerk for Supreme Justice Louis Brandeis, and supported the Democratic party during Al Smith's administration. Acheson is the author of several policy proposals to decouple the U.S. dollar from the Gold Standard, and to support the Entente more aggressively against German hegemony.§!
Francis Biddle
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1886, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancis Biddle was born in Paris, France and was naturalised as a US citizen later in life. He is related to several historical U.S. Governors, including president James Madison. Biddle's career in law was coupled with political tutelage from president Theodore Roosevelt, and he has attempted to push forward several policies to improve government relations with labour unions, hoping that it will sway Americans against open syndicalist revolt.§!
Frances Perkins
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1880, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrances Perkins was born in Boston, and studied chemistry at Mount Holyoke College, during which time she undertook a tour of a chemical factory, and noted the poor conditions of workers there. She then went on to study economics at several colleges, becoming more involved in workingmen conditions. Her service towards improving working conditions, did a lot to help keep most of New York state out of syndicalist control during the crisis of 1936. Perkins advocates for the government to keep its promises to workers, and implement a minimum wage and unemployment insurance programme.§!
Henry Morgenthau Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1891, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHenry Morgenthau Jr. is the son of a prominent Manhattan Jewish family, and attended an Ivy League college, despite the quota placed upon the admittance of Jewish students. Studying agriculture, Morgenthau joined the Federal Farm Board, and attempted to formulate policies with economists on how best to reduce inflation.§!
John Foster Dulles
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1888, in Washington, D.C., United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJohn Dulles was born in Washington, D.C., and studied law at George Washington University. He was later employed by the Secretary of State in 1917, to investigate possible pro-German politicians in Nicaragua. Dulles was part of the League of Free Nations Association, along with Eleanor Roosevelt, with the groups' goal being the dissemination of information on world affairs. He has advocated for a more direct output of propaganda against European syndicalism.§!
Roger Babson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1875, in Gloucester, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRoger Babson was born in Glouchester, Massachusetts, and attended M.I.T. In 1904, he founded a statistics organisation, primarily to quantify economic activity and advocate a form of scientific management, but has also included studies in anti-gravitational technology. As well as this, Babson is involved in the conservative Prohibitionist Party.§!
Sinclair Weeks
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1893, in Newton, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSinclair Weeks served in the U.S. National Guard in the immediate aftermath of the Mexican revolution. As mayor of Newtown, Massachusetts, he has made great efforts to empower the Republican party in the Northeast.§!
W.E.B. Du Bois
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1868, in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LW.E.B. Du Bois is an international ambassador of African-Americans and a major founder of the NAACP. Du Bois clashed with Booker T. Washington, another prominent African-American civil rights leader, over the direction of civil rights work. In order to push the policies of desegregation and criminalising lynching, Du Bois has an eclectic set of connections - from pan-Africanists, to the Japanese government, to the German Empire, and to the Commune of France.§!
Allen Dulles
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1893, in Watertown, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAllen Dulles is the brother of prominent legal theorist John Dulles. His early diplomatic career included attempting to alert the U.S. government to antisemitic propaganda spreading through the Russian and Ottoman Empires. Dulles served as director of the Council on Foreign Relations in the 1920s, and attempted to alert the US government to the encroaching dictatorships in Germany, Romania, Britain and Japan.§!
George J. Mead
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 27th, 1891, in Everett, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGeorge Mead was born in Massachusetts and attended M.I.T. He was employed intitially at the Crane-Simplex company designing cars, but was then promoted to designing aircraft in the 1920s, helping design aircraft that can travel faster without overheating. Boeing, Pratt & Whitney Aircraft all rely on Mead for designs.§!
B. Learned Hand
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1872, in Albany, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLearned Hand was born in New York and served as a federal judge for nearly 20 years prior to the outbreak of the war, including as a member of the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals. His progressive rulings on free speech, contracts law, torts, and copyright law has earned him respect from the left, and his support for a Uniform Commercial Code has earned his support from the right. He was a consensus choice for the new Supreme Court in New England.§!
Joseph Kennedy Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1888, in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoseph Kennedy Sr. is the son of a Bay State politician and grandson of an Irish immigrant. He became a bank president at age 25 and a millionaire at 30. He became a shipbuilder, a motion-picture tycoon, and a heavy contributor to the Democratic Party. He retired early in 1929, having acquired enough capital to establish a million-dollar trust fund. Then, as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Kennedy outlawed the very speculative practices that had made him rich. He is convinced that Britain is doomed to eventual German conquest and believes America's only hope lies in isolationism.§!
Jay Pierrepont Moffat
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1896, in Rye, New York, United States of America§!
Ray Atherton
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1883, in Brookline, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
Charles E. Bohlen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1904, in Clayton, New York, United States of America§!
Laurence Steinhardt
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1892, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!
Charles Yost
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1907, in Watertown, New York, United States of America§!
Arthur William Sidney Herrington
Vannevar Bush
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1890, in Everett, Massachusetts, United States of America§!
William Francis Gibbs
