Egyptian Marxist Organisation
Egyptian Marxist Organisation
Workers Committee for National Liberation
Workers Committee for National Liberation
Egyptian Socialist Party
Egyptian Socialist Party
Hizb al Masrī ad Dīmuqrātī al Ijtimā'ī
Egyptian Social Democratic Party
Hizb al Ahrār ad Dustūrīyyīn
Liberal Constitutional Party
Hizb al Wafd
Wafd Party
Hizb al Watanī
Watanī Party
Hizb al Ittihād
Ittihād Party
Āl 'Alawīyah
Alawiyya Dynasty
Nationalist Islamic Party
Nationalist Islamic Party
Prepare a §YLightning Attack§! on §Y[OTT.GetNameWithFlag]§! to disable their §CNaval Domination§! in the Mediterranean\n
\nEgyptian funding will be used to influence the §YCyrenaican§! Regency Crisis, backing the §CIdrisi Loyalists§!. The effects of this will §Rnot§! immediately become clear.
Every member of the §YArab League§! gains the following:\n\n
This is a §lLiberal Reform§!.
This is a §cConservative Reform§!.
This is an §PAbsolutist Reform§!.
§lIf Liberal Reforms have been Implemented§!:
§cIf Conservative Reforms have been Implemented§!:
§PIf Absolutist Reforms have been Implemented§!:
Heliopolis Chemical Industries
Egyptian Telephone and Telegraph Company
Maadi Engineering Industries
Alexandria Shipyard
Sudan Airways
EgyptAir
Egyptian Engineering Agencies
Krupp Ägypten
Opel El Sakkakini
Hanomag Ägypten
Walther Ägypten
Mauser Ägypten
Shoubra Engineering
Building Costs
Fast as the Desert Wind
Desert Training
Shendi Cavalry
Black Monday
Agrarian Economy
The economy of Egypt is rather underdeveloped and largely agrarian in nature. Though some industrialisation has begun, it has yet to truly affect the country. Major reforms are needed to get over this hurdle.
The Economy of Egypt is rather underdeveloped and largely Agrarian in nature. Things have started to change as an industrialisation programme has begun and the effects are starting to be noticed. However, it will take time for the economy to become a modern economy.
Illiterate Populace
The vast majority of Egypt's rural populace is illiterate. In order to rectify this hurdle, a programme of education reform must be undertaken.
Inexperienced Military
The Egyptian Officer Corps is rather inexperienced as the British and Ottomans wished to make sure they did not grow too powerful. Many are still used to ways of fighting from before the Weltkrieg which is hampering the army. If we are going to make Egypt a modern country we shall need to do some proper reforms of the army.
Land Owning Elites
The vast majority of Egypt's land belongs to land-owning elites and nobles, with less than 6% of Egypt's populace owning over 65 percent of her land. In quite a number of these estates, the conditions are likened to those of the Iqta system of old.
Nationalised Land
Expanded Royal Gendarmerie
Military Schools
Egyptian General Staff
Mechanised Agriculture
Industrial Modernisation Programme
Investments in Egypt
German Investments
Egyptian Merchant Marine
Egyptian Military Mission
Mahdist War
[EGY_farouks_reforms_outlook_text]
[EGY_farouks_reforms_outlook_text_desc]
Farouk's Reforms: Unclear Outlook
The young King spoke of his vision for a 'New Egypt' - but details on what that vision will entail have been scarce, and all Egypt awaits them with bated breath.
Farouk's Reforms: Liberal Outlook
Farouk's reforms have taken a clearly reformist route; some have even called them, dare I say, liberal. One can only hope that they will lead to this 'New Egypt' the young King is dreaming of.
Farouk's Reforms: Conservative Outlook
'Why try to fix what is not broken?' Clearly, this is the approach the young King has taken. His actions so far have mostly affirmed the status quo and codified it into law, padding it with moderate reforms here and there. Evidently, there are no big Surprises waiting for Egypt.
Farouk's Reforms: Absolutist Outlook
It has become increasingly clear that the young King has decided to take matters into his own hands, so to speak. Reform after reform continues to consolidate more and more power into his very own personhood.
Farouk's Reforms: Unclear Outlook
The young King's reforms have been... inconsistent, at best. With every measure contradicting the one before it, the critics' whispers can hardly be ignored any longer.
Member of the League of Arab States
Has Modifier: §YMember of the League of Arab States ([Root.GetName])§!
Cairo Pact
The Cairo Pact was made to help support the interests of Egypt. To that end, we should send out envoys to foreign countries to support our interests.
Press the [OTT.GetFlag] §YOttoman§! Surrender
With allied control over all the key Arab cities and the Turks pushed back into the Anatolian mountains, we can finally say with pride that the Arab homeland has been liberated.
Ally with [FROM.GetNameDef]
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has recently become independent. We should send a diplomat to meet with the Moroccans to see about them joining the Cairo Pact.
Ally with [FROM.GetNameDef]
[EGY_ally_with_africa_desc_text]
As [FROM.GetNameDef] borders our southern border, we should seek to ally with them and bring them into our Sphere of Influence.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] exists upon the edge of the Horn of Africa, so they would make valuable allies to us.
As we expand our power, we should look to bring [FROM.GetNameDef] into the Cairo Pact and into our sphere of Influence.
Egyptian Reforms
King Farouk, though still a teenager, has a grand vision of a modern Egypt. This vision sees an Egypt that merges the greatness inherent in herself with the best parts of Western ways of governing. To that end, he is exerting the considerable authority given to the King to embark on a programme of nation-building, extending and codifying the power of the Egyptian state over previously untouched aspects of life.
Improve Literacy
Egypt has crippling literacy and we must focus on improving literacy within the country.
The Integration of Greater Syria
Libyan-Egyptian Unification
With the dust settled in the Levant, Egyptian hawks have set their sight on the struggling nation of Tripolitania. Having only recently received its independence, the state is still struggling to decide its identity, with concepts such as nationality new to most Libyans. This has opened up a window for expansion, as the Bureau for Arab Affairs in Cairo has proposed to use subterfuge to bring the HIMT to power, and through them annex Tripolitania into a greater Egyptian state.
Fund the HIMT
Named the Egypto-Tripolitanian Unification Party, this small offshoot of the wider Arab nationalist movement is the initiative of 'Ali Rajab, who, enlightened by the greatness of Egypt during his visit to Alexandria, pursues the integration of Tripolitania into the greater Egyptian state, claiming that Tripolitania on its own has neither the resources nor the power to stand on its own.
Egypt Funds the HIMT
Pan-Arabist Propaganda
Used to great effect in the lead-up to the Levant Crisis, Radio Free Cairo and our network of Arab propagandists are working overtime to spread their message far and wide. Even in the tiniest village must Libyans be glued to their radio sets, listening to the great deeds of the Egyptian people and their immense martial prowess.
Egypt Promotes Pan-Arabism
Counter Tripolitanian Nationalism
Although there has been a recent rise in Tripolitanian nationalism, exceeding the normal city and family ties that Libyans traditionally held sacred, it's still weak and through renewed efforts of our propaganda machine, can be replaced by a feeling of Arab statehood and with it a desire to become part of the Egyptian state.
Egypt Counters Tripolitanian Nationalism
Propose Unification
With our HIMT allies firmly in the saddle, the time has come to officially unite our two states. For the greater glory of Arabia, evidently...
Egyptian Focus Tree
Modernisation Programme
The extremely weak nature of the Egyptian industrial economy requires our attention. Through a programme of subsidies and state-sponsored businesses, we can bring industrialisation to Egypt and become a truly modern country.
Joint Petroleum Ventures
Egypt has rich oil resources, if we could only exploit them. Foreign companies are keen to gain access to our reserves and will pay top dollar for them, by setting up joint ventures between them and the state we can save on the equipment required and ensure we get our cut.
Utilise the Aswan Dam
In 1903, the Nile was dammed by British engineer William Willcocks. To support the electrification of Egypt, we have several further projects planned along the White Nile that will provide power for thousands of homes and cities.
Industrialisation Plan
Egyptian industry requires substantial investment if it is to bloom, and, to that end, we have prepared a battery of policies intended to foster the growth of both heavy and light industries
Expand the Textile Industry
While Egypt exports an immense amount of cotton, these exports are largely in the form of unprocessed raw materials that wealthier countries import to process into finished goods. By expanding our burgeoning textile industry we can take advantage of our domestic abundance of cotton and use it to grow our civilian industries.
Mechanise Cotton Production
While we hope to one day boast a developed and diversified economy like those of Europe and the United States, for the moment Egypt remains highly dependent on the growth and export of cotton. By introducing modern methods and technologies, we can reduce the number of labourers needed to work the cotton fields and hopefully benefit from the knock-on effects in other agricultural sectors.
Form State Enterprises
With the global economy still badly damaged in the wake of economic crisis, the private capital necessary to fund the modernisation of the country simply is not available. To address this the state shall lead the creation of new enterprises in order to better meet domestic needs.
Expand Port Sudan
While Alexandria continues to dominate Egyptian naval affairs, we should not neglect the possibilities open along the Red Sea. By creating facilities for the construction of modern ships at Port Sudan we can better tap into commerce in the Red Sea and Indian Ocean, while improving the site as a stopover for ships coming in and out of the Suez Canal.
Railroad Expansion
A vital part of meeting the needs of our growing economy is improving the capacity of our existing rail infrastructure and expanding new infrastructure out where feasible. While previously our railroads had been built purely for the purposes of transporting goods to ports for export, we intend to make the network much denser and provide for transportation between settlements for the internal movement of goods and people.
Egyptian Airports
Aviation is more of a prestige project for us currently, showing Egypt to be the leading light of the Middle East in technical innovation. By constructing new airports, with the help of European experts, we can reinforce this notion and work towards a commercially viable aviation industry.
Build Out Small Arms Manufacturing
The first step in building up our arms industry is the expansion of small arms and basic equipment manufacturing. While for the moment we are producing licensed foreign designs in the future we can hope to transition into the production of fully native designs.
Dockyards of Alexandria
Alexandria stands as one of the most important ports of the Mediterranean and a cornerstone of the Egyptian economy. While its days as one of the greatest in the world have long passed, it remains vital to Egypt's future and its connection to the wider world. Expanding her drydock and anchorage will let us grow the young Egyptian fleet more comfortably.
Court German Firms
Germany itself may have no love for our ambitions, but it is home to prestigious firms that are more than willing to hedge their bets in the coming conflict. So long as we provide the right incentives we, should have little trouble bringing in these firms to help expand the Egyptian arms industry.
Unify Electrical Standards
Electricity in Egypt is entirely under the control of private companies, and as such there is very little standardisation of voltage and outlets. By introducing the Egyptian Electrical Authority we can bring electricity to rural areas as well as enforcing nation-wide standards.
Hollywood On The Nile
Our burgeoning middle class has shown a great appetite for the cinema, and for the state, it presents an untapped industry. Egypt is a sunny country with striking landscapes suitable for filming in, and, as such, large tax breaks should bring film companies flocking to our shores.
Egyptian Radio
King Farouk's coronation speech was the first nationwide royal broadcast in Egyptian history, bringing the masses closer to their king than many of them could have dreamed. Now, by investing in our communications infrastructure, the whole nation may hear the King's voice! The music is also popular.
Blue Nile Dams
Damming the White Nile was politically easy, given that over 90% of it lies within our realm. However, the Blue Nile has presented a harder challenge, as much of it lies within the sometimes hostile nation of Ethiopia. We have resolved to press ahead with the project, however, and bring electrification to most of Sudan.
More Desert Oil
The success of our earlier oil ventures has given rise to a greater demand for exploitation than we have the resources to meet. By legalising and engaging in the sale of oil futures, we can gain the capital to expand production extremely quickly.
Modernise Khartoum-Omdurman
At the confluence of the Blue and White Nile sit the twin cities of Khartoum and Omdurman, which are also the largest and most important cities in Sudan as a whole. If we are to further the development and integration of Sudan, our efforts should start with this area and extend outward as we push to modernise the region.
Expand Railroads Southwards
By expanding the rail network in Sudan and making it part of the wider Egyptian rail system we will not only improve the economy but ensure that Sudan is more strongly linked with Egypt proper than the rest of Africa.
Invest in Sudan
There are any number of rich people, Egyptian or otherwise, who wish to invest in our nation. Perhaps tax incentives could encourage them to take their money southwards, where it will breathe new life into the local economy.
Airports for Sudan
While the railway is a wonderful way to travel it just isn't fast enough for the breakneck pace at which business can move. By investing in air transport links with Khartoum we can ensure that businessmen resident in Cairo and Alexandria can look to their interests in the south at a moment's notice, as well provide air bases for the Royal Egyptian Air Force.
Resources of the South
We have it on good authority from a geological expedition by the University of Cairo that there are immense mineral deposits in Sudan just waiting to be tapped. Backing a new joint German-Egyptian Chromium concern will allow us to bring heavy industry to our southern reaches and diversify their economy immensely.
New Universities
It is not enough simply to rely on foreign experts to run our businesses. The creation of several new Austrian-style institutes of technology and research universities that will teach not just the liberal arts but physics, chemical engineering and nuclear science will greatly expand the knowledge base of our nation and provide skilled workers for modern industries.
Domestic Steel Production
Commensurate with our new commitment to technical education comes a need to invest in a broader resource base. Rather than shipping ore abroad we intend to set up rolling mills in Port Said to produce Egyptian Steel for domestic use.
New Economy
In just a few short years Egypt's economy has begun to turn around, far from being a backwards agricultural nation she now enjoys a strong industrial base, institutions of higher education and a modern transport system. Whatever else may be, nobody can accuse the new Egypt of being behind the times.
Begin Economic Recovery
While Black Monday has hit our relatively small manufacturing sector hard the biggest harm has been the fall in exports, particularly that of cotton. A vigorous programme of support for agriculture, the financial sector and industrial assets should begin as soon as possible.
Secure Cotton Fields
Cotton has a long history in Egypt, and is one of the crops most vital to our export economy. By taking unprofitable plantations into state ownership and consolidating them we can shore up the industry, as well as supporting our farmers and landowners.
Cotton Subsidies
The success of our purchase of cotton plantations has been apparent. Now that we have cushioned the impact of Black Monday on this sector we should institute a minimum price for cotton while simultaneously allowing estates to pass back into private hands, hopefully insuring us against another crash.
Secure Holdings
Not since the 1907 crash has the Egyptian stock market taken such a beating, the fallout from Black Monday is immense, but also opens up opportunities for us if we can manage matters correctly. For now we will close the Cairo and Alexandria stock exchanges in order to carry out some emergency restructuring.
Protect the Industry
Protecting Egypt's small and fragile industrial base is a task best undertaken without too much foreign competition. With the introduction of tariffs and inducements to 'Buy Egyptian' we can show our support to our industrialists and aid them in weathering the economic storm.
Re-open the Stock Exchange
Allowing the Alexandria and Cairo Stock Exchange to remain closed any longer would be a mistake. The longer we keep one of Africa and the Middle East's most active stock markets closed the more we risk its position as a hub of trading. Reopening the market will show our confidence in the emergency reforms we have pushed through as well as allowing the recovery to begin.
The Crisis is Over
It seems that our programmes are beginning to pay off. While economies closer to the German sphere or embroiled in civil unrest continue sluggishly Egypt is already seeing a recovery in employment and economic growth.
Farouk's Reforms
King Farouk, though still a teenager, has a grand vision of a modern Egypt. This vision sees an Egypt that merges the greatness inherent in herself with the best parts of western ways of governing. To that end he is exerting the considerable authority given to the King to embark on a programme of nation-building, extending and codifying the power of the Egyptian state over previously untouched aspects of life.
Administrative Reforms
Currently in Egypt the state's power is based around notable locals, be they land owners or village headmen. This is an obvious area of priority for our young King, who aims to standardise administration into four dozen governorates. The question now becomes who should be appointed to each one, and how?
Judicial Reforms
Egypt's court system was innovative in 1875, however jurisprudence has moved on. Now, with collaboration of jurists from the University of Cairo, King Farouk intends to overhaul the legal process. This affords the various factions in the Government to help influence exactly what that means.
Bureaucracy Reforms
Day-to-day bureaucracy is required to run a modern state with any kind of efficiency, to that end the hiring of officials must be overhauled to create a single system. Two camps are emerging pushing different ideas: one calls for meritocratic examinations to be given, the other for pedigree and tradition to be respected.
The Status of Islam
Farouk is obviously a devout Muslim and nobody sane would ever doubt his faith. However he sees the merit in secular governance on the French model, and is now contemplating the relationship between the Egyptian state and the Islamic faith.
Education Reform
Education will lay the groundwork for the future of our new Egypt, but the topic of history is one liable to cause controversy if not handled properly. Ultimately the King's word will carry great weight, and so it falls to him to decide if the focus of Egypt's history should be Pharaonic or if he should reject the pagan past in favour of our Islamic heritage.
Finish Reforms
The dust is beginning to settle on a period of massive social change for Egypt, and we can now only look to the future to see the Kingdom King Farouk has built.
The Third Arab Congress
Although former Arab congresses have had a strictly peaceful intention, an event to celebrate Arab culture and support movements willing to further the Arab cause, the King has indicated that this event will be anything but peaceful. The culmination of years of preparations and cooperation with underground movements in the Ottoman Empire, this congress will deliver the first shot towards the new Arab world.
Radio Free Palestine
An initiative of nationalists in Cairo and Palestinian exiles, Radio Free Cairo was set up as the rallying point for disgruntled Arabs in Palestine and to convince them to take up arms against the imperialist menace. Although the radio was initially aimed against the Zionists and their Western lapdogs, recently the radio has shifted focus towards the Ottoman Empire, blaming it for the demise of Arab culture and the destruction of Palestine.
Coordinate with Al-Fatat
Jam'iyat al-'Arabiya al-Fatat or the Young Arab Society was founded in the aftermath of the Young Turk revolution as an attempt to counter Turkish nationalism and strive for the autonomy of Arab citizens. During the war the organisation further expanded and played a key role in the abortive Hejaz revolt. Although many of its members were jailed after the war, it has continued to operate in the shadows, waiting for the right time to strike.
Coordinate with Al-'Ahd
Similar to al-Fatat in intentions, Jamyat al-Ahd or the Covenant Society has most of its followers amongst the Arab officers of the Ottoman army. Due to the large presence of Iraqis amongst there, the organisation has (contrary to al-Fatat) primarily expanded its operations amongst the Iraqi vilayets and strives for the creation of an Iraqi state. Although it is unclear how high up the conspiracy goes, it is rumoured that Yasin al-Hashimi also partakes in their activities.
Society for the Defence of Palestine
Forming the brunt of the Palestinian guerrillas in the former MOJ, the Society for the Defence of Palestine is an international organisation striving for the liberation of Palestine and the departure of Zionists. With our armies pushing North, the organisation has asked to be integrated into the Egyptian army as to improve communication with our officers.
Support the Imamate
Although seen by some as the home of Arabia, Yemen has nonetheless shown little desire to cooperate with the Arab liberation movements, fearing the creation of a pan-Arab state which would damage the integrity of Yemen. We will have to manoeuvre carefully around the Imam if we wish to count on Yemeni support during the war to come.
Liberate Cyrenaica
The Senussi Order is weakened by the accident that has left their Grandmaster incapacitated, leaving matters of state to a squabbling regency council. Idris I, the rightful heir to the Cyrenaican throne, still resides within Egypt and has been working with disgruntled Senussi princes towards the restoration of his throne. If we pledge our support to the Prince, we might be able to secure our left flank from Ottoman aggression.
Support Maghrebi Rebels
Subject to forced labour, slavery and other vile practices, the population of the Maghreb is being crushed by the last attempts of France to regain their grandeur. Through their actions, they have given rise to a whole network of resistance movements, many of whom look to Egypt for inspiration and assistance.
Modernise Repair Facilities
The Egyptian fleet is in a pitiful state, lacking both the ships and infrastructure to rival the Ottomans. If we are to have any chance of recovering from the damage we may face in securing trade or disrupting enemy shipping - let alone engaging in direct naval combat or confronting coastal batteries - we must prepare our dockyards to meet the demands of the conflicts to come.
Coordinate with the Peninsula
The [292.Owner.GetAdjective]s are unreliable at best, but for now our interests seem to align and it would be foolish to let old grudges get in the way of our ultimate goal. Lacking any sort of industry or modern equipment, the forces of [292.Owner.GetLeader] are reliant on capacity to supply them with the necessary armaments.
Royal Bureau for Military Engineering
When the British crossed the Sinai during the closing stages of the Weltkrieg, they brought with them a formidable apparatus of engineers and construction workers to lay railroad tracks and expand port facilities, ensuring that their supply lines to Egypt were fully operational. If we are to succeed in our own operations, we will have to prepare ourselves for similar works.
Operation Abu'l-A'war
A dastardly plan devised by a junior naval officer, the top secret Abu'l-A'war operation plans to even the playing field on the seas by executing a lighting strike on the Ottoman fleet in its Beiruti port. Utilising the latest in naval aviation technology, provided by the Union of Britain, it remains unlikely that the plan will succeed but with the odds so heavily stacked against us, we have no choice but to try.
Victory in the Levant
After hundreds of years under Turkish rule, the Arabs of the Levant have finally been liberated. Arab men and women take to the streets in celebration across their homeland! Our army and our people stand victorious over the Ottoman dogs!
Nile Proclamation
The Nile is the lifeblood of Egypt. We shall never let it fall into the hands of those that will oppose [EGY.GetNameDef]. The river shall belong to Egypt; those further upstream must not inhibit this reality or they shall suffer grave consequences.
Gather African Allies
There are a number of countries within Africa that might be of use to us as allies. Let us expand our sphere of influence to these countries and invite them into the Cairo Pact.
End the Rivalry
It is time to end this rivalry with the Empire of Ethiopia. Egypt shall rule the Nile and the Ethiopians shall never threaten the Nile again.
Incorporate Greater Syria
Having taken control of the Levant and Greater Syria, we must begin the task of integration into the Egyptian state. This will not be a simple task however, many Arabs in the region were hoping to create their own independent states. No matter what they think they might want, they will soon begin to realise that a united state in Greater Syria, under our control, is the best thing for the Arab people.
Dockyards of the Mediterranean
Since the time of the Pharaohs, the Mediterranean Sea has been a crucial economic and political region. By building more dockyards along the coast of Greater Syria, we should be able to expand our navy to better protect the Mediterranean from foreign influence.
Abolish the Ottoman Land Reform
The Ottoman land system was broken and unjust towards the Arab population living there. As the liberators of the Arabs of the Levant and Greater Syria, we must abolish this outdated system!
Nationalise Syrian Industry
The industries in Syria are of vital importance to the economy of the region. It may be best if we were to nationalise them to keep them safe, under our control.
The Arab University of Damascus
A group of intellectuals have proposed the creation of a new university in the centre of Damascus. Many believe that this would be a great step towards improving the education in the region, therefore improving overall wellbeing of the common Arab.
Host the Fourth Arab Congress
The Arab people have a great future ahead of them. Having liberated the middle east from the Ottoman yoke, we must begin to coordinate our internal and external development. It has been decided that we are to call another Arab congress, this time however, we will be looking to consolidate our new lands and promote Arab unity.
Defend Egyptian Economic Interests
We wish our Arab brothers well, but our economic interests in the region must be secured.
Bolster Red Sea Trade
The Red Sea is a large trade up for the region. Should we expand our ports there, the Arab communities will have unprecedented growth!
Found the Economic and Social Council
The idea of an Economic and Social Council has been brought up. Should we create one for the region, we would better be able to coordinate our development efforts as a united Arab people.
Found the Arab Customs Union
The creation of an Arab Customs Union has been growing in the newly liberated regions, as well as at home. In order to better tie our people and our economies together, it has been decided that we create this customs union for the Arab world.
The United Arab Academiae
It was the Arab mind that brought us some of the worlds greatest theories in mathematics and sciences. When all Arabs are united towards science, there are no limits to what we could achieve.
The Benghazi-Alexandria Railroad
In order to improve transport between our two nations, it has been decided that a railroad be created. This railroad will go from Alexandria to Benghazi, better connecting Libya and Egypt together.
Decolonisation of the Maghreb
The French administration in North Africa has abused the native population to a point where we can no longer sit back and watch idly. The time has come to liberate the people of Maghreb!
Libyan-Egyptian Unification
Over the years, our two peoples have grown closer and closer together. We share the same language and customs. It is time for our two Arab peoples to unite under one banner.
Found the Joint Defence Council
By creating a Joint Defence council for the newly liberated regions in North Africa, we will be better able to coordinate our efforts in international and national defence.
Arab Maghreb Development Scheme
The newly liberated nations of the Maghreb may now be free from French oppression, but their economies will struggle to develop without a strong partner. By providing them with the means to rebuild their war-torn countries, we can lay the foundations for lasting cooperation.
Support the State of Iraq
The Iraqi Arabs are some of the most brave and honourable people in the middle east. Their struggle was one with the struggle of the Arabs of the Levant. It is only natural that they join us towards a united Arab future.
Liberate Arabistan
A sizeable Arab population currently lives under Iranian control. It is time to put an end to this. Just as the Turks before, the Iranian will learn not to abuse the Arab!
Army Reforms
Much like the great Muhammad Ali, our most prestigious ancestor, we are preparing an extensive overhaul of the armed forces in order to bring them into line with modern military thinking and reform our logistics to support extended campaigning.
Mobile Warfare Plan
The greatest advantage an army can possess is speed. Being able to fall upon the foe before they know what is happening and pursue them faster than they can retreat is how we will smash our foes.
Motorised Efforts
Cavalry is all well and good, but the future of warfare relies on motorised vehicles. By instituting a training programme that teaches our conscripts to drive alongside their basic training we can lay the ground for the mobile army of the 20th century.
Royal Camel Corps
The Royal Camel Corps is a continuation of the formerly British-officered Egyptian Camel Corps. Camels are hardy beasts suited to desert environments, and their use in warfare has been known for centuries. By formalising their place in our military doctrine we can further adapt our men to the environment of their homeland.
Shendi Horses
In order to ensure the cavalry have access to fine horses King Farouk has proposed a programme whereby land suitable for pasture in Sudan, situated mostly around the town of Shendi, would be given over to stud farming by the Royal Agricultural Society. The RAS will also offer favourable rates for purebred Arabians from the studs of the nobility.
Fast as the Desert Wind
Our theorists have been developing and formalising a doctrine based around coordination between units, in order to move as quickly as possible and conduct operations at a breakneck pace. Like a sandstorm blowing out of the desert the Egyptian army can commence an attack and fall upon the enemy before they can coordinate a response.
Domestic Gunsmiths
While there has been a cottage industry of gunmaking in Egypt for centuries a modern army demands mass production of firearms. Encouraging the consolidation of smaller firms and a move towards newer models will keep us well stocked with modern firearms.
Improve Officer Corps
Expanding the curriculum of the newly rechristened Egyptian Military Academy will further extend the education of our officers. Formalising basic education for NCOs and expanding courses in the fields of languages, foreign affairs and technical education will broaden the intellectual horizons of Egyptian officers and enhance the prestige of our military.
Labour Corps
During the Weltkrieg, the British employed many Egyptian labourers in the Egyptian Labour Corps to help provide support for the British Army. We should revive this for the modern Egyptian army. This shall provide not only support for the Army but also provide jobs for the Egyptian people, especially those in the south in Sudan.
Strengthen the Royal Gendarmerie
If we are to act as the guarantor of stability in the Arab world, we must make sure that we can guarantee stability at home. To this effect, the Gendarmerie should be greatly expanded, and given training more befitting of wartime circumstances.
Grand Battle Plan
Meticulous attention to detail and proper logistics is the key to success in warfare. Let others extend their lines beyond their ability to supply them; Egypt's men shall advance with shells, bullets and guns to spare.
Expand Military Academy
The Egyptian Military School traces its origins back to our most noble ancestor Muhammad Ali, however it presently limits admission to the nobility. Overhauling these rules and allowing promising members of the lower and middle classes to enrol will enrich our pool of talent and foster brotherhood across class lines in the Egyptian Army.
Planning Schools
By creating specific schools for logistics and operational planning, and pulling officers who excel in these fields from front line duty, we can lay the foundation for a much more professional and sophisticated logistics corps.
Desert Training
The defence of the Egyptian nation is best conducted away from her urban centres and the densely populated banks of the Nile. This means operating in the harsh desert conditions of North Africa and Greater Syria, to which end we have created specialised Desert Survival Camps to which all recruits are sent for two months as part of their basic training.
By granting greater autonomy to the Chief of Staff we can create a department modelled on the German General Staff, dedicated to the study of all aspects of warfare and drawing up plans for mobilisation and campaigning. In this way we can effectively marshal our resources and ease the burden of planning on the army.
New Egyptian Army
Modern, powerful and strong. Not since Muhammad Ali has the army of Egypt been more respected or more feared. Never again shall Egypt be ruled by a foreign power; her armies will see their motherland proud and free.
Naval Reforms
The Egyptian Navy presently consists of ships seized, purchased or borrowed from other navies, mostly the Royal Navy, or civilian ships pressed into service. In order to create a blue water navy and make Egypt's power apparent on land and sea King Farouk has prepared a package of naval reforms to be pushed forward at once.
Egyptian Merchant Marine
Although we may not have the fleet of a Great Power, it is important that we develop a major merchant fleet to take advantage of our strategic position in the Mediterranean. To achieve this, we have already began to broker naval contracts with various ship builders so we can begin to dominate the Suez trade routes.
Continue Naval Reforms
As part of the programme of naval reforms we have arranged for a new School of Naval Theory to be set up on the banks of the Nile in Cairo. There our most promising sailors may be turned into model officers, given a broad education in modern naval theory.
Expand Dockyards
Expansion of our dockyards is vital to supporting a modern navy, with fuelling stations all along our Mediterranean coast. New \
Defend the Coasts
The focus of our navies must be on the defence of Egypt's extensive coastline. Smaller patrol ships will allow us to ward off invasion and disrupt any efforts to starve our war machine via submarine warfare.
Light Cruisers
The use of smaller, more lightly armoured scout ships will allow us to disperse forces across a wide area in order to scout our entire coastline and ensure we are able to rapidly respond to enemy incursions.
Destroyer Efforts
Specialised anti-submarine destroyers are vital to our defensive naval strategy, which hinges around keeping our shipping lanes open over outright smashing the enemy fleet in a decisive battle.
Egyptian Marines
The use of naval assets for army operations has often been a source of service rivalry and contention. By creating an independent Marine Corps we can see to it that specialists in amphibious operations from the navy and army are trained and deployed, unhindered by the petty disputes between other branches.
A Grand Navy
The Egyptian Navy must be grand and imposing, and every bit as prestigious as her army. Prepared to take the fight to the enemy we shall conduct operations far afield and through a combination of submarine warfare and large fleet groups we will smash any threat before it can reach our shores.
Heavy Cruisers
The use of larger, more heavily armed cruisers will allow us to take the fight to the enemy with confidence. While we may not have the resources to outfit a full battleship we can build cruisers of an extremely high tonnage in order to compensate.
Submarine Efforts
U-boats are one of the most sophisticated weapons in the hands of the Kaiserliche Marine, and the silent terror of the seas. By adapting some German designs we can further the science and possibly develop our own models.
Queen of the Mediterranean
The Egyptian Royal Navy now stands as the equal of any in the Middle East or the Mediterranean. The Egyptian Navy now stands as the Queen of the Mediterranean and let any power dare to challenge it.
Aviation Reforms
Currently the Egyptian Army Air Force exists as a branch of the army, wisely organised by our esteemed father. However the growing interest in aviation among the armed forces has prompted King Farouk to introduce legislation creating a separate Egyptian Air Force, which would coordinate with both the navy and the army while being an independent branch of the services.
Pilot Training
In 1928 when our ministry of war first called for volunteers to found the EAAF over 200 men put themselves forward. However only three were able to pass the rigorous medical examinations. By introducing a harsh fitness regime as well as training in a diverse range of aircraft we can ensure that only the very best become pilots in the new EAF.
Expand Airports
Construction of additional runways for aircraft will be vital in ensuring we can field a large air force in a modern war. By taking advantage of or large expanses of flat land we can field planes all along the River Nile.
Aviation Industry
During the Great War, both German and British aeroplanes soared over the Levant, scouting enemy movements, striking ground targets, and occasionally even clashing in fierce aerial duels. Now that we stand on our own, we must forge our own path to such power. With dedicated investment in state-owned factories, Egypt's first domestically built aircraft will soon take to the skies.
Dominate the Sky
The future of our air doctrine lies in the use of our air force to harm the enemy's capacity to wage war. By using swarms of fighters to knock out the enemy's air force we can establish air superiority and cut off supplies and reinforcements.
Fighter Research
The nimble, agile fighter is the weapon of tomorrow. In order to ensure that we can win any dogfight we should devote our resources primarily to cutting-edge fighter technology.
Battle-Ground Support
The future of our air doctrine lies in the use of our air force to support the movement of ground forces. By using superior bombers to clear out machine guns, artillery emplacements and static defences we can make fighting that much easier for our boys on the ground.
Bomber Research
The powerful, soaring bomber is the weapon of tomorrow. In order to ensure that we can bomb our enemies to smithereens we should devote our resources primarily to cutting-edge bomber technology.
Air Defence Forces
While the capabilities of our pilots are not in doubt they cannot be everywhere. Therefore by royal decree we have founded the Egyptian Air Defence Command, a specialist branch of the military dedicated to building and maintaining anti-air capabilities around urban centres and key infrastructure.
More Egyptian Airports
To build up the aviation Industry in Egypt, we should focus on building more Airports throughout the realm.
Egyptian Paratroopers
A joint proposal by the Egyptian Army and the Egyptian Air Force has come into the Ministry of War, proposing the formation of Sa'ka or \
Rule the Skies
Egypt's air force stands ready to enforce her hegemony over the Middle East and much of the Mediterranean. With this powerful symbol of modern armed forces who could dare to resist our might?
As a colony of the British Empire, Egypt was forced to side with them in the Great War. Yet, with the signing of the Treaty of Hanover, the anger of the Egyptians would boil until the day the British Revolution in 1925 exploded. In the chaos, the Egyptian people launched their own revolution to throw out the British, led by the King of Egypt. As 1936 arrives, Egypt's eyes go increasingly upon the Young Farouk, who is being groomed for the throne. And with the decline of the Ottoman Empire, members of all political parties begin to make plans restoring the might of Egypt and dream of an Ottoman-free Middle East...
GFX_EGY_intro
The Kingdom of Egypt
The history of modern Egypt conventionally begins in 1882 when Egypt joined the British sphere of influence, a situation that conflicted with Egypt's de jure position as part of the Ottoman Empire. In 1914, the Protectorate was made official and the title of the head of state, which had changed from Pasha to Khedive in 1867, was again changed to King. This formally repudiated the vestigial suzerainty of the Ottoman Sultan in Constantinople, who was backing the Central Powers in the Weltkrieg. Abbas II was deposed by the British and replaced as king by his uncle, Husayn Kamil. Upon his death in 1917, his only son, Prince Kamal al-Din Husayn, declined the succession, and Husayn Kamil's brother Ahmed Fuad ascended the throne as Fuad I.\n\nWith the ratification of the Treaty of Hanover, Egypt remained part of a now weakened British sphere. This would increase anger within the Egyptian populace that exploded in violence in 1925 during the collapse of the British Empire. This would become known as the Egyptian Revolution where Fuad I proved his legitimacy by leading the people in the revolution. The Revolution was largely nationalistic in nature, uniting Egyptians of all social classes, faiths, and occupations together to rid Egypt of the British once and for all. In the chaos of the revolution, an international coalition (primarily led by Britain and Germany) seized the Suez Canal, which Egypt was forced to accept in order to avoid an open conflict with the former central powers.\n\nSince the revolution there has been a conflict between liberals that seek to go further and make the monarchy a true constitutional monarchy and conservatives that wish to keep the status quo. Moreover, as 1936 arrives, Egypt's eyes go increasingly upon the Young Farouk, the heir to the throne who is being groomed for the throne. With the decline of the Ottoman Empire, members of all political parties have begun to draft plans for a restoration of a mighty Egypt and dreaming of an Ottoman-free Middle East...
§MConstitutional Monarchy§!\n£white_dot In the Farouk's reform events, choose to support five liberal reforms.\n\n§MStatus quo monarchy§!\n£white_dot In the Farouk's reform events, choose to support five conservative reforms.\n\n§MAbsolute Monarchy§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the Farouk's reform events, choose to support five absolutist reforms.\n£white_dot When the focus \
Victory in the Levant\n\n£white_dot Win the Levant Crisis against the Ottoman Empire by having them not control all Syrian, Iraqi, Kurdish and Hejazi core states and Adana or push them to 60% capitulation.\n£white_dot When the Treaty of Antalya event triggers, we will have the option to annex Syria into us or, in the follow up event if we choose to support their regime, either let us tag switch to them, turn them into our puppet or let them be.\n£white_dot Some days later, if Persia hasn't claim the area, another event letting us tag switch to Iraq will appear. If Persia did claim it, we can ask them to leave the area and if we have a bigger army than them, they will always accept to leave.\n£white_dot We will also be able to play as Lebanon if we choose to play as Syria.\n----------------------------------\nThe Cradle of Civilisation — £KR_game_rule_flag_IRQ  §MIraq§!\n\n$IRQ_guide$\n----------------------------------\nThe Heart of the Levant — £KR_game_rule_flag_SYR  §MSyria§!\n\n$SYR_guide$
The Death of King Fuad I
Today tragic news hits Egypt, as King Fuad has died. As the nation is in mourning, the throne passes to sixteen year old Farouk. While he has enjoyed the proper education of a King-to-be, few have concrete ideas of how he will govern.
The King is dead, Long live the King.
Black Monday Hits Egypt
Today, the economic crisis that has been gripping Germany has finally wrapped her tendrils around our proverbial neck. After our rather forceful departure from the British sphere, much of the foreign capital within our nation has come from Germany and her economic sphere. Now, with the situation of those foreign investors becoming increasingly unclear, our largely export-based economy is starting to crack under the pressure. The agricultural sector, particularly the cotton sector, was hit rather hard. The people are begging their representatives within the Royal Diet as well as the King to do anything they can to resolve the crisis.
May God save us.
Farouk's Grand Reforms
Today, the young King has announced a plan to transform Egypt into a nation fit for the modern age. A series of reforms is to cover nearly every aspect of Egyptian life, government and society. Various ministers and courtiers are already rushing to try to influence or manipulate the young sovereign to their advantage.
Egypt shall be brought into the modern age.
[GetYear] General Election
Today is the long awaited election for the Prime Minister of Egypt. This year's election is particularly tense as it comes on the heels of the ascension of Farouk to the role of King. The main four parties as before are running their candidates and the question is whom shall the people elect to be the prime minister?
The Liberal Constitutional Party.
The Wafd Party.
The Watani Party.
The Ittihad Party.
[GetYear] General Election
Today is another election day for the Prime Minister of Egypt. Whom shall the people vote for; one of the liberal parties or one of the conservative parties?
The Liberal Constitutional Party.
The Wafd Party.
The Watani Party.
The Ittihad Party.
Governorship Reform
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the question of Governors has come up. The liberals believe that governors should be elected. While the conservatives believe that they should be nobles. However a third option has come up, appointed governors by the King himself selected through a meritocratic system.
Elected Governors.
Noble Governors.
Appointed Governors.
Judicial Reform
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the question of the Judiciary has come up. The Liberals believe that the judicial branch should be independent in order to make sure that laws are properly enforced. However the conservatives argue that the government should have oversight of the Judiciary.
Judicial Independence.
Government Oversight.
Bureaucracy Reform
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the nature of the bureaucracy has been brought up. The liberals are pushing for a modern civil service system that is done on a meritocratic basis. While the conservatives believe that the civil servants should be appointed and heavily in favour of the nobility.
Civil Service.
Appointed Ministers.
Land Reform
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt, the topic of land reform has been brought up. The issue at hand is that less than six percent of Egypt's population owns more than 65% of the land of the country with less than 0.5% of Egyptians owning more than one third of all Fertile land. The liberals wish to combat this by redistributing the land to the people, principally through buying the land from the nobility. However, the conservatives despise such a notion and believe that such an action will only hurt Egypt's agricultural production. A third possibility has been brought up, and that would be to nationalise the land and have it all be the King's land - at least on paper, anyways. The King is already the largest landowner in Egypt, so this would not be impossible to implement.
Redistribute the land.
Formalise the status quo.
All land shall be owned in name by the King.
Legal Reforms
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the nature of the legal system has been brought up. The current legal system is an absolute mess with overlapping and conflicting areas of British, Ottoman, French and Egyptian Law all mixed together. Such a thing is not suitable for the new modern Egypt. To that end the laws must be reformed. However where one should look within the current laws for the main basis is a big question. The liberals believe that the British law within our legal system might be the best way to adopt, while conservatives believe that the French law is better. Finally some believe looking at the ideas of Muhammad Ali that he brought into the Egyptian system would yield the best system.
British Law.
French Law.
Muhammad Ali's Law.
Royal Dietarian Reform
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the topic of Royal Dietarian Reform has been brought up. The Liberals believe that the Royal Diet should be strengthened at the cost of the power of the Monarchy. While the conservatives believe that the current status quo works fine as a balance between absolutism and liberalism. Finally a third option is to strengthen the monarchy while weakening the power of the Royal Diet.
Strengthen the Royal Diet.
Keep the Status Quo.
Strengthen the Monarchy.
Religious Reforms
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the nature of religion has been brought up. The liberals wish for us to focus more on secularism while the conservatives believe that Islam should be made the state religion with protections for minority faiths such as Judaism or Christianity.
Egypt is a Secular Nation.
Egypt is an Islamic Nation.
Education Reforms
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the topic of education has been brought up. The issue is what should be taught within schools. The conflict is between the Pharaonists who believe that Egypt's identity is Mediterranean and looks to the pre-Islamic era, and the Islamists who believe that Egypt's identity is rooted in Islam and looks to the age of the Fatimids, Ayyubids and even Mamluks for identity.
Pharaonist Identity.
Islamic Identity.
Tax Reforms
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the topic of tax reform has been brought up. There are a few options: we can listen to the people and institute a land tax, which will fall primarily on the rich landowners, we can listen to our western advisors, who advise us to copy the progressive tax system of the European powers, or we can listen to the nobles and institute a flat tax.
Land Tax.
Flat Tax.
Progressive Tax.
Literacy Programme
As part of the reforms that Farouk is bringing about to Egypt the topic of literacy has been brought up. The vast majority of Egypt's population is illiterate with nearly an 80% illiteracy rate, principally within the rural areas. To counter this a programme of educating the population is to begin. However, while most believe the focus should be on Egyptian Arabic, a few believe that we should focus on revitalising the Coptic Language.
Focus on Programmes for Egyptian Arabic.
Focus on revival of the Coptic language.
The New Egypt
The reforms are finally done and with the reforms done, Egypt now moves into a new era, a modern era. The reforms may not have solved all of Egypt's problems but they have helped push her to a brighter future.
Long live the King! Long live Egypt!
A Liberal New Egypt
The reforms of the realm have brought about the liberal dreams that were born during the 1925 revolution. The reforms have transformed Egypt into a liberal constitutional monarchy with the King having a ceremonial role.
Long live the King! Long live Egypt!
A Conservative New Egypt
The reforms have largely kept the structure of the 1925 constitution in place. The reforms however have served to strengthen the government. The power of the government is balanced with the power of the monarchy.
Long live the King! Long live Egypt!
An Absolutist New Egypt
In a surprising move, Farouk the First has outmanoeuvred his courtiers and ministers and reasserted royal power within Egypt. The liberals are annoyed at the loss of liberty however, the power, majesty and glory of the Royal House has never been greater and throughout Egypt people are cheering the King.
Long live the King! Long live Egypt!
German Investments in Egypt
With our modernisation programme in full swing, a number of German companies have decided to set up within Egypt. In particular a number of military companies such as Mauser have signed an agreement with the government to help with the production of equipment for our Army.
Let us both profit.
Investment in Egypt
A number of companies have decided that they are going to invest in Egypt which has begun a programme to modernise the country. As such those companies are seeing slightly better profits and this has started to trickle back to Germany.
Let us both profit.
German Investment Pulls Out of Egypt
With a state of war now existing between Egypt and the German Empire, the German companies have decided to pull out of Egypt.
Stupid Germans.
German Investment Pulls Out of Egypt
With a state of war now existing between Egypt and the German Empire, the German companies have decided to pull out of Egypt.
Foolish Egyptians.
New Officers for Egypt
With the new Egyptian Army now done, younger officers have been promoted up through the ranks. The three that have come to King Farouk's attention are: Gamel Abdel Nasser, Hussein el-Shafei, and Abdel Hakim Amer. These three men represent the next generation of generals for the Egyptian army.
Let's see what these officers can do.
Institute of Coptic Studies
With our policy of promoting the Coptic Language as a solution to solve the illiteracy issue, in Alexandria the institute of Coptic Studies was recently created. The Institute of Coptic Studies is dedicated to studying and promoting the Coptic Language. Such an institute is a great boon to our desire to promote the Coptic Language.
Great.
Women's Suffrage?
Since the Egyptian revolution of 1925 there has been a growing feminist movement within the realm. This has been supported by organisations like the Egyptian Feminist Union and in particular supported by middle to upper-class women. With the reform movement sweeping the country, many within the Egyptian Feminist Union are pushing to have female suffrage as part of the reforms. This of course has angered the Conservatives who believe that this will destroy the family.
Support the movement.
Do not support women's suffrage.
Dividing Ethiopia
The Ethiopian Empire is made up of many tribal ethnicities, not all of which are keen on being part of their empire. Somalians, Oromo, and Tigray are the largest groups, but there are many others. We might be able to weaken the empire by trying to play things off of one another and divide Ethiopia up internally.
Let them feud among themselves.
Tensions in the Empire
It seems there is further tension in the regions of Ethiopia under Somali and Tigray control. With the tensions with Egypt and Somalia present, we are going to need to keep a watch on them lest they decide to revolt.
We best keep an eye on them.
The Egyptian Plot Fails!
The Egyptians tried to encourage the peoples of the empire to turn against the emperor. However, today many of them have pledged their loyalty to the Haile Selassie and promised to fight for Ethiopia should conflict break out with Egypt.
All of Ethiopia is loyal to the Negus Negast.
Sudanese Tribes Rally to Us
Now that we are at war with the Egyptians a number of tribes in Southern Sudan have rallied to our call of war against the Egyptians. While they are militias, they are loyal to us and have risen up against the Egyptians.
Great!
Ethiopian Tribes Rally to Us
Now that we are at war with the Ethiopians a number of tribes in Ethiopia have rallied to our call of war against the Ethiopians. While they may not be loyal to us, they do dislike the Ethiopians and are willing to fight against them.
Great!
Tribal Militias Rise Up Against Us
A number of tribes in southern Sudan have rallied against us and are fighting alongside the Ethiopians.
They shall pay for their treachery!
Tribal Militias Rise Up Against Us
A number of tribes along the Coast in Eritrea have rallied against us and our fighting alongside the Egyptians.
They shall pay for their Treachery!
Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi Speech
The Sudanese leader Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi has given a speech in Khartoum in front of thousands about the need for Sudan to become strong and powerful. Throughout his speech he made references to his father Muhammad Ahmad who began the Mahdist war, and in particular emphasised his role as the Mahdi. While he has not so far called for independence, many are flocking to his call to make Sudan strong. Some within the court whisper that it is only a matter of time before he tries to declare independence.
We should keep an eye on him!
Sudan Declares Independence
The Sudanese leader Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi has rallied his supporters in Khartoum and declared that Sudan will never submit to anyone but God himself declaring his intent to break Sudan away from Egypt.
We shall defend Egypt!
Sudan bows to no one but God (Play as Sudan)
South Sudanese Tribes Refuse to Join the Revolt!
In the far south of Sudan many of the tribes there are non-Muslims, being either pagan animists or Christians. They have decided to not answer the call of Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi and instead declared that they shall fight against him and pledged their loyalty to the King.
Together we shall put down the traitors!
South Sudanese Tribes Join the Revolt
Despite the southern Sudanese tribes not being Muslim, they have decided to join in the revolt against Egypt and are rallying to Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi's banner now.
We shall put down these traitors!
Support the Sudanese?
Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi is leading a revolt against the Egyptians. Some within the Emperor's court suggest that we should provide aid to them in the desire to weaken Egypt. However others caution that the new Mahdi may follow in his father's footsteps and invade Ethiopia.
Arm the Sudanese Rebels.
This is not in our interests.
Ethiopian Support Arrives
The Ethiopians have decided to send us weapons to help in our war against the Egyptians.
Great!
Egyptian Victory!
Today we have defeated the Mahdist for a second time. Victory is now ours! Sudan will no longer revolt against us anymore in the future.
Long Live Egypt.
Handling the Rebels?
With our victory over the Sudanese rebellion. The question is how shall we handle them. Some within the King's court are advocating for Generosity, while others are advocating for being harsh to teach them a lesson as to what happens when you rebel against Egypt.
be Merciful.
Be Harsh.
The Enemy at our Doors
The war has not quite developed in our favour. With the Mahdists overrunning even our cities, we have little left to do but hope they'll agree to a negotiated surrender.
Let us hope they take us up on that offer...
Egypt is not yet lost!
Egypt sues for Peace
The hour of our victory has come. Even [EGY.GetLeader] and his flock of yes-men can see it: Sudan stands victorious, Egypt has lost the war. They are offering a negotiated peace that will result in the freedom of our people from their tyranny.
Freedom at last.
Why stop now?
Sudanese Victory
God himself foresaw the victory of Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi and lead him to bring us victory. Today all of Sudan can rejoice for we are independent for the first time.
Long live Sudan.
The Direction of Sudan
With our victory against the Egyptians, Sudan is at a crossroads. Some believe that the Mahdi should focus on all of Sudan including those that are not Muslim. While others think that we should disregard them and focus on speaking for just the Muslims.
The Mahdi speaks for all Sudanese.
The Mahdi speaks for Muslims.
Nationalists Agitating!
In more distant parts of the colony, various tribal groups have taken some inspiration from the Mahdist victory in Egypt. We must keep an eye on them lest they decide that they shall seek to try and rise up against us in a futile attempt at independence.
We shall keep an eye on them.
Sudan Looks to Ethiopia
With our victory against the Egyptians, should we try and fulfil Muhammad Ahmad al-Mahdi's goal of destroying the Ethiopian Empire or shall we seek peace with them?
The Mahdi declares war!
The Mahdi declares Peace!
Sudan Declares War
The Sudanese have declared war upon the Empire of Ethiopia. We should have expected such treachery from this so-called Mahdi. But no matter, the Lion shall devour the gazelle and Ethiopia shall defeat Sudan.
We shall defend the Empire!
Questions of Egyptian Identity
When the Egyptian revolution of 1925 happened, questions of identity emerged: What does it mean to be Egyptian? When was Egypt great? It was the first time in centuries that the Egyptians were truly free and independent, so we were finally able to address these questions properly. Since then, two concepts of what it means to be Egyptian have formed, looking back on the past with romanticism, although they each look at radically different periods of Egyptian history.\n\nThe first camp is known as Pharaonism. They look to the pre-Islamic past, to the days of the Pharaohs, for a time when Egypt was truly great and powerful. They argue that Egypt is a Mediterranean civilisation and stress the role of the Mediterranean Sea within Egyptian culture, though they do not neglect the Nile. Largely it aligns with the Liberal parties - though strictly speaking it is not liberal, and even some of the Watani support it. It is by far the most influential form of identity of Egypt in 1936.\n\nThe second cultural movement is the Islamist movement, which arose as a counter to the more mainstream Pharaonism. They believe the period in which Egypt was most great was the era of Fatimid Caliphate and the Ayyubid dynasty. Instead of the Pharaohs, whom they decry as pagans and absolute tyrants, they look back to the time when Egypt was the centre of the Islamic world - when a multi-ethnic and tolerant Egypt was the dominant Islamic power. This cultural movement is more of a conservative counter to the more mainstream Pharaonism and is largely tied to the Conservative movements, particularly the Ittihad Party.\n\nIt should be noted that both camps support a multi-ethnic Egypt - both Pharaonists and Islamists believe that Egypt has always been a multi-ethnic state. Both concepts are largely romantic-nationalist in nature and have an impact upon culture and the arts.
We are all Egyptians.
Library Debate
As part of the modernisation programme, one of the things that have been brought up is that we should build a grand new library to celebrate the new Egypt. Those that support a Pharaonists identity believe that we should build a new and modern Library of Alexandria in Alexandria. While the Islamists believe that we should instead build a new and modern House of Knowledge in Cairo. What shall we build?
New Library of Alexandria.
New House of Knowledge.
Capital of Egypt
The question of the capital of Egypt has been brought up. The Pharaonists believe that to symbolise the new Egypt the capital should be relocated to Alexandria. While the Islamists believe that the current capital of Cairo is better and has always been Egypt's capital since the cities founding.
Alexandria!
Cairo!
A New Lighthouse for Egypt
The Port Said Lighthouse has served as a beacon for the Suez Canal since 1869. Built by the Khedive Ismail, it has been appropriated by foreigners since the Canal opened. Now with the Canal in Egyptian hands, this old lighthouse could use a new coat of paint. The artists on hand have a bold idea to rename the lighthouse the \
Pharos of Egypt it will be.
Money is better spent elsewhere.
Minister of Knowledge Appointment
With the Education reforms now in full swing, a question as to whom shall be Minister of Education has been brought up. There are two main candidates one Pharaonist and one Islamist. Taha Hussein is the Pharaonist candidate and the foremost writer of Pharaonist Literature, as well as a professor of history at the Cairo University. The Islamist canidate is Sayyid Qutb, a young professor at Al-Azhar who has written quite a lot about Islamic Philosophy. Whom shall we choose?
Appoint the Pharaonist.
Appoint the Islamist.
Literature Competition
Recently in Alexandria, there has been a literature competition that has attracted national attention due to the fact that the two top choices are noted writers and associated with Pharaonism and Islamist cultural movement. Whoever shall win the competition will galvanise the movement. Which shall be selected as the winner?
The Pharaonist Book.
The Islamist Book.
New Grand Sheikh of the Al-Azhar University
The Grand Sheikh of Al-Azhar is one of the most prestigious and influential positions in Egypt. The fact that Al-Azhar is one of the most prestigious universities in Egypt helps add to their influence. Today, though, a new Grand Imam must be chosen, and the two leading contenders are naturally divided between the Pharaonist and Islamist camps. The Pharaonist candidate is Muhammad al-Zawahiri, who has earned praise for his efforts to support the University as well as his reformist ideas. The Islamist candidate is Mustafa Hassan Abdul Razek, who has earned praise for sparking a renaissance of Islamic philosophy within the University, as well as wanting to expand Islamic education throughout the realm. Whom shall be appointed as the next Grand Imam?
Appoint Muhammad al-Zawahiri.
Appoint Mustafa Hassan Abdul Razek.
The Damming of the Nile
The Aswan Lower Dam was an ambitious project for the British, and its incomplete state a testament to the British legacy in Egypt. In 1935, King Fuad was approached by Greek Christian Adrian Daninos to build a second dam to control the Nile's annual flooding. Today is that glorious day. The Aswan Lower Dam is finally complete, allowing Egypt unparalleled control over the Nile. The only question that remains is who to honour. Should we honour Ibn al-Haytham, who first envisioned the dam in the days of the caliphate? Should we name it after our honoured guest Adrian Daninos instead? It was he that made this possible.
Adrian Daninos deserves to be honoured.
Ibn al-Haytham deserves to be honoured.
Ministry of Awqaf
A bill has come before the Egyptian Diet regarding the Ministry of Awqaf, which oversees religious endowments and assigns imams to help run the Mosques. Pharaonists argue that it goes against the principal of freedom of religion, while the Islamists, especially the Ittihad argue that the ministry helps in preventing distortions of the faith.
Let the Mosques run themselves.
Let the government run the Mosques.
Antara Is Released to Theatres
After the passing of famed poet Ahmed Shawqi in 1932, a collection of poems were discovered in his Cairo apartment. Among them is a poem about the famed knight Antara Ben Shaddad. Despite this poem glorifying the deeds of a pre-Islamic Egyptian, local actor 'Abd al-Wahhab has produced a film in memory of Shawqi. The film's production in the hills above Cairo was disrupted by students from the Al-Azhar school. Despite this, the film has been released uncensored in major cities across Egypt. Students and teachers from mosques across Egypt are calling for this film to be banned.
The students should focus on their studies first, a film is harmless.
The students are right, confiscate this film immediately!
Farouk's Royal Marriage
The new king is not yet married, and though he is young a marriage must be arranged to secure the line of the throne. The government regardless of ideology does not want the throne falling to Abbas II should anything happen to our young King. Thankfully however, it seems that a prospective match has been secured for the King with Safinaz Zulficar, the daughter of nobility within Alexandria.
The new king is not yet married, and though he is young a marriage must be arranged to secure the line of the throne. The government regardless of ideology does not want the throne falling to Abbas the second should anything happen to our young King. Two choices are available Safinaz Zulfica the daughter of prominent Nobility here in Egypt and Al Bandari, the daughter of Abdulaziz Al Saud, the leader of the Najd Emirate, Who shall become the new queen?
The new king is not yet married, and though he is young a marriage must be arranged to secure the line of the throne. The government regardless of ideology does not want the throne falling to Abbas the second should anything happen to our young King. Two choices are available Safinaz Zulfica the daughter of prominent Nobility here in Egypt and Princess Shams Aqdas Qajar, a daughter of the Qajar Dynasty in [PER.GetNameDef], Who shall become the new queen?
The new king is not yet married, and though he is young a marriage must be arranged to secure the line of the throne. The government regardless of ideology does not want the throne falling to Abbass the second should anything happen to our young King. To that end three prospective brides have been found. The first is Safinaz Zulfica a young Egyptian noblewoman from Alexandria. The second is Al Bandari, the daughter of Abdulaziz Al Saud, the leader of the Najd Emirate. The third is Princess Shams Aqdas Qajar, a daughter of the Qajar Dynasty in [PER.GetNameDef],. Who shall become the new Queen of Egypt?
Safinaz Zulfica.
Al Bandari.
Princess Shams Aqdas Qajar.
Royal Wedding
Today is the special day, Farouk and Safinaz Zulficar have been wed in a lavish ceremony. To celebrate the joyous occasion today is a day off from work throughout Egypt and many within Cairo have turned out to see the lovely couple. As per custom that Fuad the first established, she has taken the name Farida as she becomes Queen of Egypt.
Today is the special day, Farouk and Al Bandari have been wed in a lavish ceremony. To celebrate the joyous occasion today is a day off from work throughout Egypt and many within Cairo have turned out to see the lovely couple. Abdulaziz Al Saud and his entourage are here to see his daughter off to become Queen of Egypt. As per custom that Fuad the first established, she has taken the name Farah as she becomes Queen of Egypt.
Today is the special day, Farouk and Princess Shams Aqdas Qajar have been wed in a lavish ceremony. To celebrate the joyous occasion today is a day off from work throughout Egypt and many within Cairo have turned out to see the lovely couple. The Shah of [PER.GetName] and his entourage are here to see their princess off to become Queen of Egypt. As per custom that Fuad I established, she has taken the name Fatimah as she becomes Queen of Egypt.
Today is the special day, Farouk and Al Bandari have been wed in a lavish ceremony. To celebrate the joyous occasion today is a day off from work throughout Egypt and many within Cairo have turned out to see the lovely couple. Abdulaziz Al Saud and his entourage are here to see his daughter off to become Queen of Egypt. As per custom that Fuad I established, she has taken the name Farah as she becomes Queen of Egypt. Though to us she will always be Princess Al Bandari.
Today is the special day, Farouk and Princess Shams Aqdas Qajar have been wed in a lavish ceremony. To celebrate the joyous occasion today is a day off from work throughout Egypt and many within Cairo have turned out to see the lovely couple. The Shah of [PER.GetName] and his entourage are here to see their princess off to become Queen of Egypt. As per custom that Fuad I established, she has taken the name Fatimah as she becomes Queen of Egypt. Though to us she will always be Princess Shams.
They make a lovely couple.
The Heir Is Born
Today is a joyous day, Queen Farida has given birth to a baby boy that has been given the name of Muhammad Ali, in honour of the founder of the Royal Dynasty. Celebrations occur in every town as all of Egypt celebrates the birth of the new heir to the throne.
Today is a joyous day, Queen Farah has given birth to a baby boy that has been given the name of Muhammad Ali, in honour of the founder of the Royal Dynasty. Celebrations occur in every town as all of Egypt celebrates the birth of the new heir to the throne.
Today is a joyous day, Queen Fatimah has given birth to a baby boy that has been given the name of Muhammad Ali, in honour of the founder of the Royal Dynasty. Celebrations occur in every town as all of Egypt celebrates the birth of the new heir to the throne.
The line of succession is secured.
The Coronation of Farouk
Today Farouk has been crowned as The King of Egypt and Sudan, Sovereign of Nubia, Kordofan, and Darfur, in a majestic ceremony within the royal palace in Cairo. After his coronation, Farouk made a speech on the radio speaking directly to the Egyptian people. Saying 'If it is God's will to lay on my shoulders at such an early age the responsibility of being King, I on my part appreciate the duties that will be mine, and I am prepared for all sacrifices in the cause of my duty. My noble people, I am proud of you and your loyalty and am confident in the future as I am in God. Let us work together. We shall be happy, successful, and prosperous. Long live the Motherland and long live Egypt!'
Long live the King.
Queen Becomes Honorary Girl Guide Leader
With King Farouk supporting the Egyptian boy scouts and being First Scout of Egypt, Queen Farida has started taking a more active role in the Girl Guides of Egypt and supporting that organisation in taking a more active role within local communities. The move for the Queen to take a more active role in promoting and patronising the Girl Guides has proven to be popular among Egyptian families particularly the growing middle class and upper class families.
With King Farouk supporting the Egyptian boy scouts and being First Scout of Egypt, Queen Farah has started taking a more active role in the Girl Guides of Egypt and supporting that organisation in taking a more active role within local communities. The move for the Queen to take a more active role in promoting and patronising the Girl Guides has proven to be popular among Egyptian families particularly the growing middle class and upper class families.
With King Farouk supporting the Egyptian boy scouts and being First Scout of Egypt, Queen Fatimah has started taking a more active role in the Girl Guides of Egypt and supporting that organisation in taking a more active role within local communities. The move for the Queen to take a more active role in promoting and patronising the Girl Guides has proven to be popular among Egyptian families particularly the growing middle class and upper class families.
She will help the girls of Egypt.
Egyptian Revival Architecture
Today King Farouk inaugurates in the new Parliament building in Cairo. The new Parliament building is the first building in Egyptian Revival Architecture. Egyptian Revival Architecture draws on the Architectural style of ancient Egypt. While the Cairene parliament building is the first building in the Egyptian Revival Architecture style it certainly is not the last as more designers are looking to draw on this style throughout Egypt.
Today King Farouk inaugurates in the new Parliament building in Alexandria. The new Parliament building is the first building in Egyptian Revival Architecture. Egyptian Revival Architecture draws on the Architectural style of ancient Egypt. While the Alexandrian parliament building is the first building in the Egyptian Revival Architecture style it certainly is not the last as more designers are looking to draw on this style throughout Egypt.
A new style for Egypt.
Spring Flower Show
Farouk's sisters, Princess Fawzia Fuad of Egypt and Princess Faika Fouad, have helped to inaugurate a spring flower show in Cairo. The show which began in June has instantly proven to be rather popular among the people in Cairo as they got to see the gardens and enjoy nature's beauty. Many are hoping that there will be another show next year.
A new Tradition is born.
A Royal Wedding?
The Egyptians have sent a marriage proposal to us. They wish for Sultan Hamid Mirza Qajar to marry Princess Fawzia Fuad, the Sister of King Farouk. A royal wedding might help with stabilising the Empire and Fawzia is renowned for being ever fashionable as well as beautiful. Though there is controversy for the Shah is Shia while Fawzia is Sunni and many conservatives have many concerns about the potential union. Should we agree?
A good match, who cares about the reactionaries.
We shall listen to the conservatives.
A Royal Wedding
Today in [266.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the royal wedding has at long last arrived and the whole city has been decked out to honour the couple. As part of the celebration, the shah had the Amjadiye stadium attended by 25,000 of the [PER.GetAdjective] elite with synchronised acrobatics by students being followed by bastani ([PER.GetAdjective] callisthenics), fencing, and football. Thousands of people cheer as Sultan Hamid Mirza Qajar and Princess Fawzia Fuad pass them by as they head to the Marble Palace to be wed, uniting the Qajars of [PER.GetNameDef] and the Alawiyyas of Egypt together.
Who doesn't love a royal wedding?
The Shah Snubs Fawzia!
We had planned on setting up a royal marriage between the Qajar dynasty and our own dynasty. However, the [PER.GetAdjective]s have snubbed Princess Fawzia and refused her marriage. It is their loss, we shall find a much more suitable match than the [PER.GetAdjective]s.
We shall find someone more suitable.
Coptic Papal Election
With the death of Pope John XIX of Alexandria, the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria now must select a new man to be the Pope. There are three potential candidates for this holy office: Theophilus, Yusab, and Macarius. Theophilus is the Bishop of Jerusalem and the diocese of Sharqiyyah. Theophilus is a rather conservative candidate, though an energetic and rather rich bishop and is backed by the interests of the Holy Synod of Bishops, which hopes to strengthen the role of the Patriarch and render the Lay Council obsolete. Yusab is the acting Patriarch and Bishop of Girga, he runs on a campaign of focusing on a spiritual Nahda (renaissance). Macarius is the bishop of Asyut and has a campaign of reform. Who shall be elected as the next Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria?
And the new pope is...?
The New Coptic Pope
Today as per the customs of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, Theophilus the Bishop of Jerusalem has been chosen as the Coptic Pope being ordained as Theophilus III. With his ascension to the papal throne, the power of the Holy Synod of Bishops certainly has been strengthened.
Today as per the customs of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, Yusab has been ordained as Joseph II. His ascension marks the beginning of a spiritual Nahda for the Coptic faithful in Egypt.
Today as per the customs of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria, Macarius has been ordained as Macarius III. His ascension marks the beginning of reforms for the Coptic Church.
May His Holiness help the Coptic Faithful of Egypt.
Coptic Renewal
The new Coptic Pope's commitment to spiritual renewal and the Egyptian government's policy of Secularism have meant that the faith has undergone a rebirth and the number of faithful has increased, though Muslims still make up a large majority. The new converts to the Coptic church tend to come from other Christian denominations, particularly the Protestant denominations, and new churches are starting to be built in Egypt.
Interesting.
Coptic Orphans
Today the Pope of the Coptic Orthodox Church has announced the creation of an organisation to help with education and helping the poor led by local parish priests and bishops. This organisation has shown it will do great good for the people.
A noble organisation.
Nag Hammadi Library Discovery
In Upper Egypt not far from Luxor, a farmer from the town of Nag Hammadi has discovered a collection of early Christian and gnostic texts. Given over to a local Coptic priest the texts have attracted quite a number of attention for the literary interest, as well as religious interest.
A great find!
The French Legation Leaves Egypt
The news from Cairo travels faster than Farouk's assurances. The French Legation based in downtown Cairo has already begun its exit from the Egyptian government. The Minister of Archaeology, even the Minister of Education have all left the city. With them go decades of work enticing the West with Egyptian myth and history. We shall have to find a way to replace them.
An unfortunate loss.
Replacing the French Ministers
With this political vacuum, King Farouk has an opportunity to fill positions previously out of his reach. the Egyptian Parliament has proposed several members from the Wafd Party be appointed. These candidates will no doubt extend their secular pro western sentiment into their offices. Several associates in the Ittihad Party have suggested that turning these offices into a unified Ministry of Propaganda could help unify the nation and help educate the populace about the glory of Egypt and the Muhammad Ali Dynasty.
Let the Wafd appoint their ministers.
Unified Minister of Propaganda.
German Tourism in Egypt
For centuries upon centuries tourists have come to Egypt to see the sites. From the days of Ancient Rome, people have been fascinated with the ancient ruins of Egypt. With recent German investments in Egypt, more and more tourists from Germany have come to Egypt. The Graf Zeppelin company in particular has been offering Zeppelin tours across Egypt which is one of the most popular ways for Foreign tourists to tour Egypt. All these tourists have been giving a small boost to our economy.
Foreign money for Egypt.
Love and Revenge Opens Today
The film Love and Revenge has recently been released to glowing reviews. A musical drama the Plot of the movie goes thusly - Sohair, a famous singer, decides to retire from singing in order to get married to her lover Wahid, but unfortunately he gets killed one night before his wedding. Sohair then discovers that composer Gamal Hamdy is the prime suspect of Wahid's death case, and instead of taking legal action due to the lack of sufficient evidence, she decides to fake loving him in order to reach the truth.\n\nPart of the reason for its success was due to the unexpected death of the main actress and singer Asmahan, who was only 26 when she died in a car crash. Misr Studios, who produced the film, has used her death to draw in more audiences.
A great movie, it is just tragic about the actress.
Al-Azeema Opens Today
The film Al-Azeema or The will or Determination has been released today to glowing reviews. The film follows a young and happy couple, Muhammad and Fatima, however their bliss is cut short due to the arrival of Black Monday though it ends with a happy ending as Muhammad is rehired and all is well for the couple. Its director Kamal Selim has earned praise for its realistic portrayal of the slums of Egypt and sympathetic portrayal of the average Egyptian people. In fact it was so realistic that it has moved Farouk to do more to help the poorest of Egyptians.
A Great and Moving Movie.
Umm Kulthum Begins Singing for Radio Cairo
Today the famous singer Umm Kulthum began singing for Radio Cairo. This has helped boost the ratings of Radio Cairo as people tune to listen to her singing. Even the young King has been enjoying her singing and rumours persist of her singing for the royal family.
Good Music.
Umm Kulthum Receives the Nishan al-Kamal
King Farouk has presented the famed singer Umm Kulthum the Nishan al-Kamal (Order of the Virtues). This order of merit is only granted to women and in particular for nobility both of the royal family and other royal families. This has only made Kulthum more popular throughout Egypt.
You deserve this honour.
[GetYear] Egypt Cup Finals
Today the [GetYear] Egyptian Cup has reached the final match between Al-Masry and Al Ahly. The Cup is being held in Alexandria and it is packed, as people watch two of the most popular football teams. Whoever wins, the game has given our people some diversion from their woes, and, for some reason, more faith in the government.
Who shall win the gold?
Al Ahly Wins the [GetYear] Cup!
Al Ahly has won the cup with a score of 2-3. People throughout Cairo are celebrating as their team wins the cup.
Congrats to the Red Giant!
Al-Masry Wins the [GetYear] Cup!
Al-Masry has won the cup with a score of 2-3. People throughout Port Said are celebrating as their team wins the cup.
Congrats to the Green Eagles!
The Decline of Cricket
Since the revolution in 1925 the popularity of Cricket has declined. Many cricket clubs throughout Egypt have closed down. In their stead football has exploded in popularity throughout Egypt.
Football is a better sport anyway.
Egyptian History Cultural Festival
Today, throughout Egypt there is a big celebration of Egyptian history and culture. Five thousand one hundred years ago, the ancient Pharaoh Narmer united Egypt, creating the first dynasty and beginning the history of a united Egypt. Today, all of Egypt, from small villages to the big cities, is celebrating our great nation's long history. It has helped that King Farouk has sponsored delivering of alms and has given everyone a bonus to show his generosity. Though many Islamist intellectuals have shunned the holiday as unholy, their disapproval hasn't stopped most people from enjoying the festivities.
Here is to another 5100 years!
[GetYear] General Election
Today is another election day for the prime minister of Egypt. Whom shall the people vote for - one of the liberal parties or one of the conservative parties?
The Liberal Constitutional Party.
The Wafd Party.
The Watani Party.
The Ittihad Party.
[GetYear] General Election
Today is another election day for the prime minister of Egypt. While the liberals and conservatives are running strong, will the Social Democrats under Nasser be able to usurp the position held by one of the more traditional parties? Only God knows.
The Liberal Constitutional Party.
The Wafd Party.
The Watani Party.
The Ittihad Party.
The Social Democratic Party.
The Social Democratic Party
The Hizb al-Masri al-Dimuqrati al-Ijtma'i, or the Egyptian Social Democratic Party, has for many years floundered and not done very well. However, that looks to be changing as a new generation of people have become leaders within the party. Of particular notice is the young and charismatic general Gamel Abdel Nasser, who has become the party leader.
Let us see how this plays out.
The Jaririya Sufi Order Has Been Founded
Within the Sinai Peninsula, the Sheikh Eid Abu Jarir has recently founded a new Sufi order called the Jaririya. The order has helped inspire a number of people to join it within Sinai and many of the Mosques in the region have decided to become affiliated with it.
Interesting.
Recognise the Ahmadiyya?
A petition has come from the small Ahmadiyya community that exists within Egypt to recognise their faith, which they believe will help shield them a bit from persecution. However, many Muslims especially conservatives, regard them with disdain. In particular a fatwa from Al-Azhar University has come out against them. What shall be done with their Petition?
We respect their freedom of religion.
They are apostates.
Theatre Construction Boom
With the recent support from the government to support the emerging cinema scene within the country, a number of the new movie theatres have popped up in the major cities throughout the country. They are usually built in one of two styles, either art deco or Egyptian revival.
Who doesn't love a good movie.
Ash-Shams Founded
Today the Jewish journalist, Saad Malki, has founded the newspaper Ash-Shams to support the ideas of Egyptian nationalism. In particular the newspaper has attracted attention for its calls for Egypt to take control of Jerusalem and the Jewish holy land.
Interesting.
Death of Joseph de Picciotto Bey
Today Joseph de Picciotto Bey has passed away. Joseph de Picciotto Bey was a popular Jewish economic minister that was appointed to his cabinet after the Egyptian Revolution. His role as an economic advisor was important in helping stabilising the credit of Egypt after independence.
He shall be missed.
The Death of Howard Carter
In 1915, the world was ablaze in the first Weltkrieg. While sociologists like T.E Lawrence were changing history with swords, Howard Carter was doing so with brooms. The discovery of a Boy King, Tutankhamun, excited the world of archaeology and popular culture. The discovery of a new tomb in the Valley of the Kings while the palaces of Britain burned made it impossible for their findings to leave Egypt safely. Howard Carter is found dead today in his apartment in Luxor, the last in a series of deaths related to the tomb of Tutankhamun. Are these deaths merely coincidence, or did the Boy King get his revenge.
Those are just stories... right?
Anniversary of the 'Urabi Revolt
Beginning in 1926, an annual parade through Alexandria and Kafr El Dawwar celebrating Ahmed 'Urabi has grown. Now a parade celebrating resistance to British Imperialism is held in every major city. The man of the hour 'Urabi himself may have never lived to see a free Egypt, but his resistance to tyranny both outside and in still inspires millions today.
Egypt celebrates her independence.
Lotfia Elnadi Flies Across Egypt
Today the young aviatrix Lotfia Elnadi has made headlines in Egypt for winning an aviation competition where various aviators were to fly between Alexandria and Cairo and over the pyramids. Her victory has been hailed as a victory for women throughout Egypt, with the famous feminist Huda Sha'arawi looking to help get Elnadi her own plane, as she was flying with EgyptAir and several women are looking to see if they can start to fly.
A new age we certainly live in.
New Synagogues
Recently a number of new synagogues have been established in the major cities of Egypt, principally Cairo and Alexandria. More over a number of the old synagogues have had their restoration projects completed. These projects completed have shown the vitality of that ancient minority faith within Egypt.
The Jewish community is as vibrant as ever within Egypt.
Young Men's Muslim Association
The Young Men's Muslim Association has recently been founded. The YMMA is rather similar to the Young Men's Christian Association, and helps to organise various recreational activities from religious studies of the Quran to various athletic activities particularly Football. Furthermore it has received plenty of attention for its efforts to help with education in Egypt.
It's fun to stay at the Y.M.M.A.!
Farouk University
In Alexandria a new University has opened up, Farouk I University in honour of our King. The King himself was there to see the opening of the new and modern University. The famed intellectual Taha Hussein has been declared to be the first rector of the university.
A new University for the New Egypt.
Joining the Cairo Pact?
The Egyptians have offered us an offer to join the Cairo Pact. Some think that this will strengthen us. However some think that the Offer is just a trick to get us to be subservient to the Egyptian's ambitions.
The Egyptians have offered us an offer to join the Cairo Pact. It seems that they have their own issues with the Ethiopians. However some think that the Offer is just a trick to get us to be subservient to the Egyptian's ambitions.
The Egyptians have approached us with an invitation to their alliance, the Cairo Pact. They claim it will be beneficial to all African Muslim states, yet their recent aggression against the Ottomans and Libya leads many in our nation to question whether Egypt is as altruistic as they claim. Should we join the Pact?
We shall join the Egyptians.
We do not need the Egyptians.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins the Cairo Pact
[From.GetNameDefCap] has decided to join the Cairo Pact. This is great news and one step closer to defeating the Ethiopian Empire.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has decided to join the Cairo Pact.
Great!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Join
[From.GetNameDefCap] has decided to refuse our offer to join the Cairo Pact. We shall defeat the Ethiopians without them.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has decided to refuse our offer to join the Cairo Pact.
Damn.
Egypt Invites us to the Arab League
Founded in the slipstream of the Cairo Pact, the Arab League is meant to serve as a renewed confirmation of Pan-Arab unity with the stated goal to improve relations between all Arab nations, modernise their institutions and dictate a shared foreign policy against the combined forces of the Imperialist West.\n\nBesides these seemingly good intentions however, many see in the organisation a way for Egypt to directly meddle in their internal affairs and in a military alliance meant to protect the Arab world, a tool for warmongers in Egypt to expand their own imperial aims in Africa and the Middle East.
We will gladly join!
The Egyptians can't be trusted.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Offer
Our friends in [FROM.GetName] have accepted our offer and have set up arrangements for their full entry into the Arab League. As our number grows, so will our potential to increase the prosperity of the Levant!
Welcome!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Offer
The vile dogs in [FROM.GetName] have decided that sharing their water pipe with the imperialist shoe peddlers is more worthy of their time than the unity of the Arab peoples. Whilst it is unlikely that we will be able to change their mind, a fair few politicians all across Egypt have raised their voice against this despicable treachery.
May Allah destroy them!
Invitation to the Cairo Pact
The Egyptians have approached us with an invitation to their alliance, the Cairo Pact. They claim it will be beneficial to all Arab states, yet their recent imperialist ideas make many question whether Egypt is as altruistic as they claim. Should we join the Pact?
We shall join the Egyptians.
We do not need the Egyptians.
Iraq Joins the Cairo Pact
The Iraqi have decided to join the Cairo Pact.
Great!
Iraq Refuses to Join
The Iraqi have decided to refuse our offer to join the Cairo Pact.
Damn Iraq.
Rise of the HIMT
Although few believe that the HIMT is a truly Libyan initiative, the party (which strives for the unification of Libya and Egypt) has seen a meteoric rise in support lately as its pamphlets, posters and propaganda pieces flood Tripolitania. Even though the government expects that this sudden influx of printing capacity and funds comes directly from Cairo, it has no hard proof and prefers to avoid a diplomatic incident for the time being.
Most suspicious...
Pan-Arabist Propaganda Floods the Nation
Inspired by the victory of the Arab alliance in the Levant Crisis, thousands of young Libyans are flocking to the banners of pan-Arab movements whilst clubs such as the Union Sports Club for Young Libyans and the al-Mukhtar Club sweep the masses with dreams of a grand, united Arabia stretching from Morocco to Iran.
Damn it.
Decline in Government Support
With promises of a great, better Libya made by those that strive for the unification of all Arabs, the governments feeble attempts to instil a sort of Tripolitanian nationhood have fallen on deaf ears. Even in the education system, students are now being taught of the great Egyptian heroes such as Saladin and Mohammed Naguib whilst discarding real Libyan history.
Damn it.
HIMT Coup in Tripoli
Riding on the tide of Pan-Arab fervour, the HIMT launched a coup early this morning. Politicians, notables and suspected enemies of the movement were lifted from their beds and shots could be heard on the outskirts of Tripoli where the leaders of the old regime were brought to their early death.\n\nAs the army parades through the streets of Tripoli to the sound of cheering masses, the matrons of Tripoli could be seen on their balconies overlooking the streets. Shaking their heads in disapproval, their thoughts go out to their sons and husbands who bled for the independence of Tripolitania and they wonder if their homeland will ever know peace.
So ends the Tripolitanian state...
Coup in Tripolitania
Riding on the tide of Pan-Arab fervour, the HIMT launched a coup early this morning. Politicians, notables and suspected enemies of the movement were lifted from their beds and shots could be heard on the outskirts of Tripoli where the leaders of the old regime were brought to their early death.\n\nAs the army parades through the streets of Tripoli to the sound of cheering masses, the matrons of Tripoli could be seen on their balconies overlooking the streets. Shaking their heads in disapproval, their thoughts go out to their sons and husbands who bled for the independence of Tripolitania and they wonder if their homeland will ever know peace.
Marvellous!
Egypt Proposes Unification
Desiring the further pursuit of close relation between Tripolitania and Egypt, the government in Cairo has officially proposed the unification of the two states as to further the dream of a united Arab state. Our government, recently having taken over from their civilian predecessor, has been working tirelessly to achieve this union and is thrilled that the moment has finally arrived. Amongst the people there is less enthusiasm however as the man on the streets wonders if Tripoli should hand its newfound independence away this quickly.
We accept!
Never!
Tripolitania Refuses Unification
Tripolitania says no.
Traitors!
Tripolitania Counters Our Influence
It seems that the government in Tripoli has caught wind of our latest attempt to pursue the pan-Arab dream in their state and pulled out all the stops in an attempt to 'protect' their citizens from 'foreign subterfuge'. A setback to be sure, but the bureau in Cairo is confident that it is only temporary and is working hard to ensure that the next operation is all the more successful.
A small setback.
$ottomans_flavour_events.0.t$
During the reign of Mohammad Ali, he demanded that the whole of Egypt know when Ramadan ends. To do this, he positioned a cannon to fire at the crack of dawn on the first day of Eid. Today, cannons can be heard throughout Egypt from the cities to the countryside as people prepare to celebrate the end of Ramadan.
$ottomans_flavour_events.0.a$
The Second Mahdist Revolt
The Sudan has long been known as a land of religious firebrands and fierce peoples, a fact that even the British Empire at its peak was forced to discover at the end of the last century. Now it seems that the Egyptians are once more facing a serious revolt in the southern region, led by Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi, the son of Muhammad Ahmad, the Mahdi of the original 1881 rebellion.\n\nCalling for God-mandated resistance against the Egyptian occupiers from a balcony in Khartoum, Abd al-Rahman's powerful rhetoric has contributed to a total breakdown of Cairo's rule in the region. Though it is unclear whether he has the backing of most of Sudan's tribes, it is clear that a brutal war lies ahead.
This should be good.
Egypt
Egyptian
Egypt
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Egyptian Republic
the Egyptian Republic
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Kingdom of Egypt
the Kingdom of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Khedivate of Egypt
the Khedivate of Egypt
Abdel Moneim I
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1899, in Montaza Palace, Alexandria, Governorate of Alexandria, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Abbas II
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1874, in Alexandria, Governorate of Alexandria, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Farouk I
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1920, in Abdeen Palace, Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Sultanate of Egypt§!
Fuad I
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1868, in Giza Palace, Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFuad ascended to the Egyptian throne amidst the turmoil of the Weltkrieg and growing nationalism bolstered by continued British defeats in Europe. When the British Revolution broke out, Egypt revolted in turn. Fuad co-opted the revolution, presenting himself as an ardent nationalist, and promulgated a system of government modelled on that of Germany.\nFuad's subsequent social and economic reforms have raised questions in Egyptian society about the very identity of the Egyptian people and its place in a region still dominated by the hated Turk. Perhaps the seeds of progress sewn by Fuad will lead to glory. Perhaps his successors may succeed where other rulers have failed and lead Egypt to its rightful place as the shield and sword of an at last liberated Arab people.§!
Shuhdi Atiya ash-Shafi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1911, in Alexandria, Governorate of Alexandria, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mohammed Yusuf al-Mudarrik
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1902, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Salama Moussa
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1887, in Zagazig, Mudiriyah of Sharqia, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mohamed Mahmoud Pasha
§YBorn:§! §LApril 4th, 1877, in El-Badari, Mudiriyah of Girga, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mostafa el-Nahhas
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1879, in Samanud, Mudiriyah of Gharbiyya, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Hassan al-Banna
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1906, in Mahmoudiyah, Mudiriyah of Beheira, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mohammed Naguib
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1901, in Khartoum, Condominium of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan§!
Aziz Ali al-Misri
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Gamel Abdel Nasser
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1918, in Alexandria, Governorate of Alexandria, Sultanate of Egypt§!
Hussein el-Shafei
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1918, in Tanta, Mudiriyah of Gharbiyya, Sultanate of Egypt§!
Abdel Hakim Amer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1919, in Samalut, Mudiriyah of Minya, Sultanate of Egypt§!
Hussein Refki
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Aziz Ezzat
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1869, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Hassan Sabry
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mohamed Haidar
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1887, in Matai, Mudiriyah of Minya, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mahmoud Shokry
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmed Abdullah Al-Mwawi
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Sohag, Mudiriyah of Girga, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmed Abdel Aziz
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1907, in Khartoum, Condominium of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan§!
Mohammed Ibrahim Salim
§YBorn:§! §L1916, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Sultanate of Egypt§!
Suleiman Ezzat
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1910, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmed Bek Badr
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mohamed Nashid
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Mahmoud Hamza
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Abdul Rahman Hassan Azzam
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1893, in Shubak al-Gharbi, Governorate of Giza, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Makram Ebeid
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1889, in Qus, Mudiriyah of Qena, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Muhammad Ahmad Abbud
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1889, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Hassan Allam
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Port Said, Governorate of Port Said, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ali Moustafa Mosharafa
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1898, in Damietta, Governorate of Damietta, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmed Naguib el-Hilaly
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1891, in Asyut, Mudiriyah of Asyut, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmad Maher
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Saba Habachy
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1897, in Cairo, Governorate of the Capital, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Youssef Seddik
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1910, in Al-Wasta, Governorate of Beni Suef, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Rashad Mehanna
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1909, in Kom Hamada, Mudiriyah of Beheira, Khedivate of Egypt§!
Ahmed Abdel-Raziq
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
Fuad Abdel-Hamid
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Khedivate of Egypt§!
