Tuscany Focus Tree
Tuscany
Tuscan
Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Duchy of Tuscany
the Duchy of Tuscany
Italia Unita
Italia Unita
UST
Unione Sindacale Toscana
PSR
Partito Socialista Riformista
PPT
Partito Popolare Toscano
PSL
Partito Social Liberale
PL
Partito Liberale
LC
Lega Cattolica
Senato dei Quarantotto
Senato dei Quarantotto
Casa D'Asburgo-Lorena
Casa D'Asburgo-Lorena
LE
Lega Etrusca
Syndicalist Government Influences
The remnants of the Socialist Republic of Italy has managed to still leave its roots within Tuscany, and is creeping closer behind, day by day.
Lingering Syndicalist Economic Influences
Due to our recent release from the old syndicalist government, remnants of the old economy lie deep within our financial system.
A New Renaissance
We've decided that the focal point of our economy should be our tourism industry. Showing off more of our beautiful Florentine culture should increase the amount of tourists, and profits, for the country.
A New Renaissance
Our trying to promote tourism in our country is already showing considerable benefits, as our profit goes up daily.
A New Renaissance
The project has been a success! The profits from tourism increase by the day, bringing our country considerable wealth.
A Cultural Revolution
Trying to show off our culture more has not only ended up bringing us profit, but has changed the lives and identity of our people as well. More than ever, our citizens feel proud of our country, and it seems they're all willing to work and die to show it.
A Industrial Revolution
Due to various reforms and policies put through by our government, the nation is better suited for the everyday lives of its people.
Agricultural Reforms
People working in our fields have faced atrocious conditions, and have demanded change from all prior governments for a while now. If we are the first to put reforms into effect, it will help the legitimacy of our government.
Happy Peasantry
Our people are overjoyed by our reforms into the modern age of farming and our donations to the people. Hopefully this should prevent problems into the future.
Admirals Exported
Tuscan admirals serve in fleets far and wide, letting us learn from other navy's and make our great sailors known across the world.
Great Admirals
Our decision to our admirals at home has proved beneficial, as they are being put to good use, assisting us in discovering new ways to make our navy more efficient for the future.
Promoting the Academy
Promoting attendance to the Academy helps people bounce knowledge off each other, which helps the sailors learn more in the long run.
Grand Strategy
Planning ahead of our rivals will end up being the key to success for Tuscany.
Elite Army
With the rigorous training our army has undergone, our nation is ready to face any threat it faces head on.
Develop Coal Mines in [162.GetName]
Root out Syndicalist Government Influence
Due to our recent release from the Socialist Republic of Italy, leftover ministers and government officials still lie within the deepest depths of our government, waiting for their time to strike. We must remove them before they can cause any problems.
Remove the Syndicalist Economy
Due to our recent release from the Socialist Republic of Italy, leftovers from the old system of economy still lie within strange places of our new one, slowing down the progress of our country in the long run. We need to deal with this problem before it causes problems in the future.
Tuscany is Reborn
With Syndicalist influence fully removed from the country, we can march onto a brave and bright new future, Tuscany and Italy.
A Second Renaissance
Florence is the known birthplace of the ancient Renaissance, and has been a rich spot filled with culture and many sights to be seen. Perhaps trying to further embrace Florentine culture and convert it to a new Tuscan culture will result in a reborn Tuscany.
Promote Artists
Artistry is the first key point of the Renaissance, bringing about many great arts like The Last Supper by Leonardo da Vinci. Promoting artists now might result in more masterpieces like these in the future, and cause us to obtain more profits from tourism.
Revive Sculpture
Sculpture was the second key part of the Renaissance, with many creations being made during the time. Sadly, it seems the artform of creating huge statues out of marble is on the decline, but with enough government funding, we could see a slow rise in the future.
Athens of the Middle Ages
'The Athens of the Middle Ages' was a nickname for Florence during the Middle ages, due to the high amount of money produced there. Trying to build up the capital into a more modern city might cause the same effect.
Expand the Great Capital
Expanding the role the capital has in the country might cause an influx of people to move here, hopefully bringing more talent to the capital.
A Modern Renaissance
Although our culture is something to be embraced, trying to desperately bring about a 2nd Renaissance won't do the country any good in the end. We must put our efforts into making ourselves into a modern, industrialised country.
Build Florence
Our great capital Florence should be the first place we should focus the industrial project on, due to its already fair industrialisation and population.
Expand the Agricultural Sector
Although we are trying to industrialise the country, we cannot deny that after the project is complete, a large amount of land with remain farmland. However, with a few reforms and promoting farming, we can turn it into a more profitable sector of our economy.
Open the Mineral Mines
Minerals are known to be contained within Tuscany through a large amounts of places, but no one has managed to try and exploit them. We will be the first.
Subsidise the People
Some of the farmers are having trouble with the new agricultural system, but providing the farmers with some extra resources should increase the legitimacy of our government.
An Industrial Revolution
Our efforts have not went unnoticed, and it seems the project has been a resounding success. Production of goods from the country has increased dramatically, and the population is generally more satisfied than ever before
The Tuscan Air Corps
Although the air force will most likely end up being the weakest part of our forces, not investing in it at all would simply be a waste.
The Tuscan Navy
Our navy has a chance to be our strong suit due to the Italian Naval Academy living right here in Livorno. For now however, we will go to our veterans and receive advice on how we can make our naval dreams come true.
New Recruits
With the Italian naval academy in full swing, ti is time to start accepting recruits for the academy itself. There are lots of promising individuals, but we need to decide what to do with them first.
Export Admirals
Exporting the majority of our new recruits might be the best idea in the end, as it can earn our country prestige within the naval community.
Our Admirals
Selling out our admirals would be of the utmost shame! This naval academy is our own and will be the groundwork of the future grand navy.
Promote the Academy
Our naval academy is our heart, no matter what we do with it. Promoting it would only do our country and navy justice.
Defend Tuscany
Unfortunately, we don't have the best terrain or coastline to begin a truly grand navy to defend both Tuscany and Italy itself. In the end, the focus shouldn't be Italy, but Tuscany itself that is safe from the enemy navies.
Defend Italia
With our academy at high success rates and the plans ready, it is time to begin the dream of a grand Tuscan navy, lead by the best admirals to rule the seas.
Grosseto Base
Grosseto Base is the main airbase within Tuscany, and while it doesn't hold as much prestige or honour as the Naval Academy, it is an important part of country and its future. Expanding will allow us to store more planes in the future.
Launch from Base
Due to the small size of our country, Grosseto is our only real base to launch planes from. We should design our planes for the future to counteract this problem.
Paratrooper Assault
Now that we have ensured our aerial superiority and the quality of our air base, beginning paratrooper assaults on enemy territory should be our next goal.
Control the Skies
All of our preparations up to this point have not been for nothing, and the key to realise the potential of our air force has to be fighters, for nothing can be done in the sky if you're immediately shut down from it.
Assault the Ground
Controlling the skies is easy enough with a bit of effort, but the true challenge and achievement is seizing control of the ground. Bombers are the key point to this, allowing us to attack both the enemies of Tuscany and their buildings as well.
Both the Sea and Sky
A perfect way to ensure our air force and navy is at peak conditions at all times are naval bombers, a perfect compromise between the navy and air force. These allow us to not only ensure our navy has safe passage, but the enemies fleet is weakened as well.
The Tuscan Army Corps
Tuscany's great country needs a proper army to defend it. While our army may not be able to be the largest, we will make sure it is of the utmost quality.
Brave Tuscan Marines
With our countries focus on quality over quantity, training marines to attack the enemy in their weakest spot in order to create an opening seems like the best plan.
Bombard the Enemy
Our country doesn't have the highest population to say the least and doesn't have enough of an industry to fund a mobile army. We need to try to conserve our manpower by bombarding the enemy from far away rather than entering direct combat.
Plan our Assault
Our country doesn't have the highest population to say the least and doesn't have enough of an industry to fund a mobile army. Planning all of our assaults beforehand will be the key to guide us to victory.
Grand Strategy
Our plan's have been working well for our army so far, and is slowly becoming more and more encouraged inside of military colleges. We should try to promote our tactics inside the military schools to make the entire army used to using them.
Support Companies
The things that will keep our infantry alive is the support behind them. We need to ensure that these companies are always at top quality, otherwise we'll just end up with dead Tuscan's on our hands.
Doctrinal School
Tactical superiority might be the only advantage we have in the end against any major threat, so we need to make sure our soldiers are educated in the matter. Opening up specific schools about tactics in specific will increase the professionalism of our forces.
Elite Tuscan Army
With our army fully trained in the best tactics and arms, we are now ready to face the enemy head on. Long live Toscana!
Pietro Ferdinando I
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1874, in Salzburg, Duchy of Salzburg, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArchduke Joseph Ferdinand of Austria has waited a long time to sit in the throne he was promised in the Treaty of Rome. An accomplished commander and a hero of the Weltkrieg in Austria, he was still unable to coordinate a defence against the rising republican and later syndicalist threat in he uneven terrain of Tuscany, and later retreated to Lazio to avoid being encircled. He never really saw the title of Grand Duke as much more than a promise for many years, but his long army career will probably have an impact in his reign. A pompous and proud man, he is eager to learn about the lands he now considers his, even if his sometimes obvious questions regarding landmarks make him almost feel like a noble a tourist rather than a Duke. Thankfully for him, a government of local officers and politicians oversee most of the boring bureaucracy.§!
Guido Buffarini Guidi
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1895, in Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Cesare Angelini
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1886, in Albuzzano, Pavia, Kingdom of Italy§!
Carlo Sforza
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1872, in Lucca, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giorgio La Pira
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1904, in Pozzallo, Syracuse, Kingdom of Italy§!
Piero Calamandrei
§YBorn:§! §LApril 21st, 1889, in Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!
Camillo Grossi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 30th, 1876, in Grosseto, Grosseto, Kingdom of Italy§!
Paolo Puntoni
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1889, in Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Umberto Somma
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1878, in Pistoia, Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!
