Occupied New England
Assisting Them in the Civil War
Push Against [USA.GetNameDef]
Push Against [WCA.GetNameDef]
Push Against [APG.GetNameDef]
Push Against [ACC.GetNameDef]
Supporting the Federals
(§Y[USA.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_two_tt$
Supporting the Constitutionalists
(§Y[ACC.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_two_tt$
Supporting the Longists
(§Y[APG.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_two_tt$
Supported American Faction
Fired Up
Our forces are fired up and ready to engage the enemy!
Second American Civil War
A ceasefire has been agreed upon at the Rockies
Four militia units will be raised in New England
Mississippi Ceasefire
Great Plains Ceasefire
Rocky Mountain Ceasefire
Is recruiting militia elsewhere
[?units_to_spawn|G0] militia units will be raised.
When the civil war begins:
Has supported a side in the §YAmerican Civil War§!
£pol_power §Y25§! £command_power §Y25§!
£pol_power §R25§! £command_power §R25§!
It costs $CP_25_PP_25_blocked$ to take the decision
§GLow§!
§LMedium§!
§OHigh§!
§RTotal§!
$USA_socialist_state_base$: [USA_GetStateControlLevelLabel]
SPA Control
[USA_GetSocialistStateControlDesc]
This state harbours support for the §RSocialist Party of America§!. Its allegiance in case a civil conflict breaks out is not certain.
This state is fully controlled by the §RSocialist Party of America§!. Its allegiance to the Federal government is non-existent.
$USA_longist_state_base$: [USA_GetStateControlLevelLabel]
Longist Control
[USA_GetLongistStateControlDesc]
This state harbours support for §LHuey Long§!. Its allegiance in case a civil conflict breaks out is not certain.
This state is fully controlled by the movement surrounding §LHuey Long§!. Its allegiance to the Federal government is non-existent.
Foreign Volunteers
With the civil war raging in America, it might be good to send supplies and arms over to the faction that we wish to help have victory in that bloody conflict.
Support [FROM.GetNameDef]
We should support our comrades in America fighting for the liberation of all workers.
Support [FROM.GetNameDef]
We should support [FROM.GetNameDef] in their fight against syndicalists and traitors alike.
The Civil War
The Second American Civil War is here and we must bring about our victory within it for America.
The Federal Deadline Looms
The President's demand was clear: the rebels should stand down and disarm in a month, or the Federal forces will force them to do so - consequences be damned. America waits in silence as days go by with neither side seemingly ready to budge. It is clear that days for diplomacy are long over...
The [ACW_ceasefire_name]
Break the Ceasefire
We have waited long enough. The time has come to attack [From.GetNameDef] and end the civil war once and for all.
Deal with the Devil
We are losing the civil war... badly. Our only hope is to set up a temporary truce with [From.GetNameDef], so that we may combine forces against our true enemy. Our proposal will be that the truce last 90 days, but hopefully longer if both sides are willing.
Deal with the Devil
We are losing the civil war... badly. Our only hope is to set up a temporary truce with [From.GetNameDef], so that we may combine forces against our true enemy. Our proposal will be that the truce last 90 days, but hopefully longer if both sides are willing.
Break the Deal
The time has come for our temporary truce with [From.GetNameDef] to come to an end.
Relocate the Capital
Push on the Federal Front
Push on the [WCA.GetAdjective] Front
Push on the [APG.GetAdjective] Front
Push on the [ACC.GetAdjective] Front
Available states to recruit in
Recruit [From.GetACWDivisionCount] Militia in [From.GetName]
Workers' Congress Convenes in Chicago
With the call for a General Strike being heeded by the IWW, CIO, and even elements of the AFL, the growing revolutionary fervour in the steel belt has reached a fever pitch. Socialists have seized control of critical infrastructure and state governments left and right, declaring local communes and spontaneously expropriating private industry, and barricading key areas of large industrial cities. Right-wing forces in the region have been completely routed, as Red Guards secure the countryside and the railways linking the critical centres of Red support together.
Though this rebellion is by far the most severe unrest since the Civil War, it would be relatively simple (if violent and bloody) to quell if not for one key factor: the loyalty of the military. Though the military is conventionally a steadfastly apolitical force, General MacArthur’s unilateral enactment of War Plan White and his seizure of power in Washington has shattered the tradition of non-intervention in civil affairs, and has ruptured the loyalty of the military itself. In the aftermath of MacArthur’s putsch, General Smedley Butler's attempted countercoup, and the subsequent failed purges of \
Though this rebellion is by far the most severe unrest since the Civil War, it would be relatively simple (if violent and bloody) to quell if not for one key factor: the loyalty of the military. Though the military is conventionally a steadfastly apolitical force, General MacArthur’s unilateral enactment of War Plan White has shattered the tradition of non-intervention in civil affairs, and has ruptured the loyalty of the military itself. In the aftermath of MacArthur’s brief seizure of power in Washington, General Smedley Butler's attempted countercoup, and the subsequent failed purges of \
Though this rebellion is by far the most severe unrest since the Civil War, it would be relatively simple (if violent and bloody) to quell if not for one key factor: the loyalty of the military. Though the military is conventionally a steadfastly apolitical force, General MacArthur’s unilateral enactment of War Plan White and assumption of executive authority has shattered the tradition of non-intervention in civil affairs, and has ruptured the loyalty of the military itself. In the aftermath of MacArthur’s seizure of power in Washington, General Smedley Butler's attempted countercoup, and the subsequent failed purges of \
With federal military forces no longer an obstacle to revolution, the SPA has invited all revolutionary political forces to meet in Chicago. Socialist congressmen, IWW and CIO union representatives, and other revolutionary progressive politicians convened and signed a declaration proclaiming themselves the “Provisional Workers’ Congress of America”, essentially declaring a rival Red government. As part of their proclamation, they denounced the legitimacy of any “reactionary” government in the United States, and elected John Reed as their provisional President.\n\nAs various state governments proclaim loyalty to the new revolutionary government, it appears the die is cast. The revolution has begun.
$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.coup$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.republican$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.hull$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.1.d.body.outro$
The disaster has begun. Stand by the Republic
The revolution has begun. Stand by the workers (Play as the WCA)
President Long Declares Rival Government in Baton Rouge
Huey Long Declares Rival Government in Baton Rouge
The events in the midwest in the past week have driven the reactionary south into a frenzy. Fearful of Red revolt among the African-American underclass, and having lost all confidence in the Federal Government’s ability to manage the crisis, many southern states have taken to arming militias and mobilising the national guard, to protect their property and political institutions from Red threats both within and outside of the south.
Seeking a strong and charismatic leader to defend them from syndicalism, the southern governors have rallied behind the banner of Huey Long. Long, who has been in a political alliance with various southern forces for two years now, called for a convergence of “patriotic Americans” and “loyal members of Congress” in Baton Rouge, denouncing both the self-proclaimed “Workers’ Congress” and the federal government as “enemies of the American People”.
Seeking a strong and charismatic leader to defend them from syndicalism, the southern governors have rallied behind the banner of Huey Long. Long, who has been in a political alliance with various southern forces for two years now, called for a convergence of “patriotic Americans” and “loyal members of Congress” in Baton Rouge, denouncing both the self-proclaimed “Workers’ Congress” and Douglas MacArthur’s federal military government as “enemies of the American People”.
Seeking a strong and charismatic leader to defend them from syndicalism, the southern governors have rallied behind the banner of Huey Long. Long, who has been in a political alliance with various southern forces for two years now, called for a convergence of “patriotic Americans” and “loyal members of Congress” in Baton Rouge, denouncing both the self-proclaimed “Workers’ Congress” and Alf Landon's ineffectual federal government as “enemies of the American People”.
Seeking a strong and charismatic leader to defend them from syndicalism, the southern governors have rallied behind the banner of President Huey Long. Long, who managed to escape arrest by MacArthur's forces after the coup in Washington and successfully fled to Louisiana, called for a convergence of “patriotic Americans” and “loyal members of Congress” in Baton Rouge, denouncing both the self-proclaimed “Workers’ Congress” and Alf Landon's ineffectual federal government as “enemies of the American People”.
A significant segment of the US military has agreed with Long’s assessment. Generals Fox Conner and George Van Horn Moseley, both based in the south, have pledged their support to Long, furthering the ongoing collapse in discipline within the split army. With these forces, much of the south has de facto seceded from the union, now being ruled by Long and his local allies.\n\nLong has formalised this arrangement by opening a rival Congress in Baton Rouge, one which, in turn, declared him the rightfully elected President. Long’s “People’s Government” now rules from Texas to South Carolina, and prepares to reclaim the country from the syndicalists and the elites which have driven it to the brink.
A significant segment of the US military has heeded the call of the legitimate President. Generals Fox Conner and George Van Horn Moseley, both based in the south, have pledged their support to Long, furthering the ongoing collapse in discipline within the split army. With these forces, much of the south has de facto seceded from the union, now being ruled by Long and his local allies.\n\nLong has formalised this arrangement by opening a rival Congress in Baton Rouge, one which, in turn, reaffirmed his position as President. Long’s “People’s Government” now rules from Texas to South Carolina, and prepares to reclaim the country from the syndicalists and the elites which have driven it to the brink.
$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.revolt.macarthur$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.outro.rebel$
$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.revolt.landon$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.outro.rebel$
$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.president$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.outro.president$
$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.intro$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.revolt.generic$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.2.d.body.outro.rebel$
Stand by the Republic
Stand by the Country (Play as the APG)
Pacific Governors Back Roosevelt
Quentin Roosevelt Assumes Acting Presidency in Sacramento
General MacArthur’s seizure of power in the east has left a wide power vacuum open throughout the country. Political forces loyal to democracy and the constitution have watched with horror as the east descends into revolutionary and anti-constitutional chaos. MacArthur’s putsch was but the first affront: Reed’s declaration in Chicago and Long’s seizure of power in the south have further solidified the notion that the legal and constitutional order in the United States is at risk of being snuffed out by radicals and tyrants.
General MacArthur’s seizure of power in the east has left a wide power vacuum open throughout the country. Political forces loyal to democracy and the constitution have watched with horror as the east descends into revolutionary and anti-constitutional chaos. MacArthur’s putsch was but the first affront: Reed’s declaration in Chicago and Long’s seizure of power in the south (without consulting the legitimate Congress) have further solidified the notion that the legal and constitutional order in the United States is at risk of being snuffed out by radicals and tyrants.
The west coast has, fortunately, been spared the brunt of the chaos so far. An abortive Red uprising in Seattle aside, constitutional government has generally been maintained in California, Oregon, and Washington. As such, many constitutionalist politicians from both major parties and Farmer-Labor have elected to flee to the new democratic redoubt. Among them is Vice President Quentin Roosevelt, already on the west coast before MacArthur’s putsch.
The west coast has, fortunately, been spared the brunt of the chaos so far. An abortive Red uprising in Seattle aside, constitutional government has generally been maintained in California, Oregon, and Washington. As such, many constitutionalist politicians from both major parties and Farmer-Labor have elected to flee to the new democratic redoubt. Among them is acting President Quentin Roosevelt, who has escaped capture by MacArthur's forces and managed to flee to Sacramento.
The west coast has, fortunately, been spared the brunt of the chaos so far. An abortive Red uprising in Seattle aside, constitutional government has generally been maintained in California, Oregon, and Washington. As such, many constitutionalist politicians from both major parties and Farmer-Labor have elected to flee to the new democratic redoubt. Among them is Former New York Governor and GOP Vice Presidential nominee Quentin Roosevelt, already on the west coast before MacArthur’s putsch.
With the backing of the west coast governors and Vice President Roosevelt, numerous congressmen have assembled in Sacramento. Declaring those members of Congress that have thrown in with rival governments to have forfeited their seats, they have declared themselves to have a quorum as the legitimate Congress of the United States. In that capacity, they have declared the President, under the custody of MacArthur’s forces, to be unable to serve, and have declared Roosevelt as the acting President, creating yet another rival government.
With the backing of the west coast governors and Vice President Roosevelt, numerous congressmen have assembled in Sacramento. Declaring those members of Congress that have thrown in with rival governments to have forfeited their seats, they have declared themselves to have a quorum as the legitimate Congress of the United States. In that capacity, they have declared President Long, having committed treason by declaring his own government, to be unable to serve, and have declared Roosevelt as the acting President, creating yet another rival government.
With the backing of the west coast governors and acting President Roosevelt, numerous congressmen have assembled in Sacramento. Declaring those members of Congress that have thrown in with rival governments to have forfeited their seats, they have declared themselves to have a quorum as the legitimate Congress of the United States. In that capacity, they have declared that the President, still in a coma and regarded as unlikely to ever recover, to be unable to serve, and have reaffirmed Roosevelt as the acting President, creating yet another rival government.
With the backing of the west coast governors and Quentin Roosevelt, numerous congressmen have assembled in Sacramento. Declaring those members of Congress that have thrown in with rival governments to have forfeited their seats, they have declared themselves to have a quorum as the legitimate Congress of the United States. In that capacity, they have finally elected the Republican ticket in a contingent presidential election. As the Republican Presidential nominee has been arrested by MacArthur's forces, they have declared Roosevelt as the acting President, creating yet another rival government.
This “constitutional coalition” has garnered the support of many military officers unwilling to throw in with MacArthur, Reed, or Long. General George Marshall has offered his services to the Sacramento government, which now prepares for a long march east to restore constitutional rule to the United States.
$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.intro.nolong$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle1.olson$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle2.olson$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.intro.long$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle1.normal$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle2.long$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.intro.nolong$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle1.hull$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle2.hull$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.outro$
$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.intro.nolong$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle1.normal$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.middle2.normal$\n\n$american_civil_war_events.3.d.body.outro$
Stand by the Government
Stand by the Republic (Play as the ACC)
Standoff in America
[ACW_news_event_desc]
A tense standoff has erupted in the United States, as the elected President Huey Long fled to the city of Baton Rouge after being forcibly removed from his position by General Douglas MacArthur.\n\nFrom Baton Rouge, Long's supporters have declared MacArthur's government illegitimate - as have the northern supporters of syndicalist John Reed, based in Chicago, and the Constitutionalist revolt under the leadership of deposed Vice-President Quentin Roosevelt. All have been given a deadline by General MacArthur of thirty days to either stand down or face arrest and execution.\n\nConsidering all sides are rapidly raising forces, the idea that America seems headed into a second civil war seems almost certain.
President Alf Landon experienced a major blow today as a range of radical political forces declared his government illegitimate, throwing their support behind either populist Huey Long or the syndicalists under John Reed.\n\nIn both Baton Rouge and Chicago, rival governments claiming authority over the United States have been proclaimed, demanding the immediate removal of President Landon from office.\n\nIn response, President Landon has given the governors thirty days to stand down - making it all but certain that the United States will descend into civil war for the second time in less than a century.
While President [USA.GetLeader] celebrated a recent victory by forging an alliance with his former rival, Huey Long, the agreement further emboldened the far-left under the umbrella of the Socialist Party of America.\n\nToday a revolutionary congress convened in Chicago, proclaiming an end to the old order and a provisional government under John Reed.\n\nIn response, President [USA.GetLeader] has given the rebels thirty days to stand down - an order none of them appear interested in obeying, making it all but certain that the United States will descend into civil war for the second time in less than a century.
A tense standoff has erupted in the United States as General Douglas MacArthur and the American military have taken over control of the government from the elected president - to, as he stated in a national broadcast, \
I see.
The Second Civil War
MacArthur's deadline has come and gone, and with large militia forces having been raised on every side it is clear what their answer truly is. The Second American Civil War has begun.
The President's deadline has come and gone, and with large militia forces having been raised on every side it is clear what their answer truly is. The Second American Civil War has begun.
Not again...
The End of the Second American Civil War
What could have been the greatest capitalist oppressor of the 20th century is now firmly under the control of the working class. Across the nation, the working class celebrates its liberation from the depredations of their bourgeois masters. Though there is still much to do, today we can celebrate this victory and savour the air of an America where, for the first time, each man is truly equal.
Huey Long and his allies have triumphed over all their enemies. With this victory, we can now celebrate a new era of peace. Though there is much rebuilding to do, we shall take this time to celebrate our triumph.
The enemies of America have been vanquished. Once again, the South has been pacified and the syndicalist menace has been crushed. The great system so wisely designed by the Founding Fathers has endured yet another trial. All across the country, the people can rejoice and celebrate a new era of peace.
The enemies of America have been vanquished. Once again, the South has been pacified, the syndicalist menace has been crushed and the American Caesar overthrown. The great system so wisely designed by the Founding Fathers has endured yet another trial. All across the country, the people can rejoice and celebrate a new era of peace.
When the nation fell into chaos in the spring of 1937, few in New England would have expected the old order to return. The collapse of the American nation into civil war once more and New England's precarious position led many to abandon any notions of seeing their families and friends again. However, that no longer seems to be the case! Through strength and will, the brave men and women of the Armed Forces of the Provisional Government have fought through thick and thin to reunite their beloved country. In Boston City Hall, the flag of the Provisional Government is finally being hoisted down and replaced with the Star-Spangled Banner to the cheers of the tearful crowds watching. Across New England, ticker-tape parades are found in every major city as soldiers return home to their loved ones, friends long separated have finally reunited, and sons return to their mother's tender embrace. While there is much to do in terms of reconstruction, New England celebrates—for once more, the heart of America's original revolution stands triumphant against tyranny!
The dust has finally settled, and it seems the American civil war ended with... nobody left standing at all. America is no more, at least for now.
Solidarity Forever!
The Real America Still Stands!
Down with the traitors, up with the stars!
This light of Liberty has not been extinguished!
The home of the original revolution stands triumphant!
It's finally over...
Class Consolidation
Fraina's motion for equal pay passes.
Thomas' motion for pay grades passes.
With the Revolution in full swing and society fully polarised into two great camps, the task falls to the SPA to steward the proletariat along its path to a communist society: of course, as Marxists, the SPA understands that society's progression is based fundamentally on the relation of its economic classes to its means of production. After all, our Revolution is not merely political or even economic: it is social, paradoxically a rejection-and-fulfilment of the ideal of Social Democracy. Prominent Industrial Unionist and leading party Theoretician Louis Fraina has taken the floor of the congress to argue that in the present moment the WCA has the opportunity to enact a decisive change: the total equalisation of all pay—specifically by allowing local communes collectively set wages. While thus far local communes have fixed prices and handled the distribution of salaries, the institution of a single universal salary for all workers would be a massive step in the decommodification of production - and thus the ending of capitalism.\n\nProgressive Caucus leader Norman Thomas took the stand to warn against a hasty adoption of Fraina's motion, warning that such a move could drive away many newly radicalised moderates among so-called skilled labour and the other petit bourgeois forces that joined our cause, namely many local AFL chapters, Farmer-Labor affiliates, and even Proudhonist-minded Anarchists. Sticking to the most radical of prewar agreements, tepid as they may seem now, at least for the duration of the Civil War, could serve as a vital means of incentivising the military output necessary for victory. The final vote was close, but ultimately...
Bourgeoisie Flee to Canada
The bourgeois have decided that they will flee [WCA.GetNameDef]. Thousands have sought refuge within enemy territory, especially under the illegitimate Canadian government. The thieving scum have taken whatever stolen wealth they could carry with them as they fled the revolution.
The revolution will come for them, in time
The Life of William Crawley Released in Theatres
The revolutionary agitprop have just released the story of the life of William Crawley, a humble son of Florida. Filmed on a modern soundstage, the daring rescue is portrayed by ex-Hollywood actor Paul Robeson. Although the real-life William Crowley preferred the church choir, Paul Robeson's musical numbers feature jaunty popular tunes. The film has proven to be a smashing success at the box office, beating out an adaptation of Jack London's The Iron Heel at the opening weekend. The press caught up with William Crawley, who commented that the film is 'Quite the spectacle on our great liberation'.
Splendid
Directive 213: War Syndicalism
As the war stalemates, and may even turn against us, the Central Committee is debating a comprehensive economic reform proposal known as 'War Syndicalism.' Some of its proposals, such as state control of all foreign trade, nationalisation of all factories, and strict labour discipline are not especially controversial. It also includes potentially problematic measures such as the outlawing of wildcat strikes, obligatory labour-duty for those not working or in the military, strict food rationing and military control over railroads. This is seen as tyrannical within the SPA with a number saying that some of the latter measures, especially the outlawing of wildcat strikes would betray the values of the revolution, and make the current government no better than its capitalist enemies. Those supporting the proposal in the TUEL counter that such measures are necessary to achieve victory in the revolution, and that the first laws passed after the war will repeal the War Syndicalism.
Enact War Syndicalism
That's not Socialism!
The Betsy Ross Flying Corps
Gender equality has long been a major ideological component of socialist thought, and we have yet more evidence that it works! A squadron of female pilots has earned renown throughout the WCA for their daring raids on enemy territory, their coordinated and synchronised attack formations allowing them to take down larger enemy air forces with ease. Named after the creator of the American flag by its founder Opal Kunz, the squadron has taken their new nickname up with a great deal of pride.
Death is in the air.
Female Soldiers
As the revolutionary struggle continues, a number of women have joined the armed struggle in accordance with socialist ideals of gender equality. While not all are accepted by their male comrades, it has not deterred many from fighting and dying for the revolution. Manuals have been distributed to recruiters on how to effectively organise Women Detachments, from which the militias can teach the military a thing or two.
Rebel Girl, you are the queen of my world!
Internal Conflicts
At the outset of the revolution, John Reed emphasised the need for cooperation between the CIO and IWW. The IWW, which had been isolated by the CIO’s successes within Farmer-Labor, was revitalised by Reed's endorsement, and now plays a key part in the revolutionary government. Now the IWW, as a part of the coalition fighting the socialist revolution, has emphasised their ideological autonomy. They have chosen to occupy the space to the left of the government’s official position, and begun to pull in allies. Their debates with the CIO can sometimes leak out into street brawls, and, in two cases, friendly fire. The TUEL, owing only their allegiance to the revolution, have tried to foster cooperation. Now Reed must decide whether it is more dangerous to continue his support for the IWW, when compromise is in sight.
Side with the IWW
Let the TUEL compromise
Side with the CIO
Directive 764: Revolutionary Education Act
To those who are well educated, either formally or through bitter experience, revolutionary thought comes as easily as breathing. However, many of our comrades, whether in the Steel Belt or elsewhere in America, have been lied to by capitalists their entire lives, and do not understand how the revolution frees them. Many do not give their hearts and souls to the revolution, and some even attempt to sabotage our efforts, unaware that we are the only force that truly cares for them. This must be remedied, and our comrades must be deprogrammed. Should we focus on reaching those within our territory and keeping morale high, or spread our message throughout enemy lands to sap their will to resist their liberation?
Focus on the socialist family
Focus on the reactionary enemy
Directive 984: Sentencing of Pre-War Capitalist Politicians
As the revolution nears success, the people demand that we deal with the corrupt, capitalist politicians in office before the revolution who now rot in our cells. Some believe that by having these politicians perform hard labour for a few years, they will empathise with the worker and be converted to our cause. Others believe that no amount of education can reform them, and they must remain behind bars for the rest of their lives. A small but vocal minority insists that they must be executed for their crimes, like the Romanovs or the Bourbon dynasties of old.
They shall be redeemed by the sweat on their brows and the ache of their backs
They shall watch as the world leaves them behind and makes them irrelevant
It is now our turn, and we shall not make excuses for the terror!
Directive 1231: Establish the CIA
It is an unfortunate fact that there are spies and saboteurs within our territory working to prevent our glorious liberation of the proletarian masses. Of the many proposals submitted to the Central Committee, one stands out. Earl Browder's proposal is to create a committee to enforce revolutionary order and stop counter-revolutionary sabotage. However, others within the Central Committee, including Chairman Reed, wonder whether this is a necessary step and if it would betray our ideals. Regardless, a vote was taken. What was decided?
The CIA will be created!
It is not necessary for now
Red Terror
War is hell. Civil war, even more so. The psychological strain caused by having to repeatedly kill, even when the enemy are capitalists, has caused some of our soldiers and commanders to become sadistic beyond what some consider to be acceptable. Although not commonplace, reports of systematic mass executions and torture have surfaced from both the front lines and core territories to suppress populations suspected of aiding the capitalist factions. Reed has made an executive decision to suppress these reports from the free media. 'If the revolution were to fail because of a few bad apples,' says Reed, 'then humanity would collectively suffer for centuries longer.'
Tis' the final conflict, after all
The Final Struggle
To no one's surprise, the arch-reactionaries in Canada have finally decided to step in to try to squash the revolution in America, in a desperate attempt to prevent us from destroying their decaying monarchy. The final struggle has thus begun, and only one victor may emerge in North America: revolution, or reaction?
We must not waver!
Lindbergh appeals to Long
Charles Lindbergh has arranged a meeting between Huey Long and several of leading industrialists, including Henry Ford, Fred Koch, and H. L. Hunt. These men are inclined to close their factories and refineries in the South to comply with Federal Government orders. However, Lindbergh persuades them instead to stand by Huey Long and relocate their business empires to [APG.GetNameDef], under a few conditions. They ask that Huey Long guarantee them certain political exemptions in these dire economic times, as well as a promise of political office once the war is won. If Long agrees to their demand, it will grant them greater influence and many of his supporters will wonder if he plans on betraying his ideals— yet refusing could prove costly...
Agree to their reasoning
I will not betray my ideals!
War Powers Committee
Business leaders within our territory have formed a committee ostensibly to support Huey Long and coordinate the war effort on his behalf, called the War Powers Committee. Just as Long created offices to manage the monumental task of fighting for America, the industrialists have established their own wartime institution. Though they lack the full power they were promised, they have declared themselves to be the arsenal of the APG — led by the controversially anti-Semitic yet respected General George Van Horn Moseley.
A formidable ally... for now
Conscription
With the war underway, the question arises: should we implement conscription? Doing so would provide the manpower needed to restore order to the country, even though it remains deeply unpopular. Some instead suggest focusing on propaganda.
Implement conscription
Focus on propaganda instead
Recall the China Marines?
With the outbreak of the civil war, our garrison in the Legation Cities has been left sitting on their hands in China. Though recalling the division would leave our Chinese concessions relatively unguarded, and our influence in the Cities smaller, many are advising us that it must be done to win the war. Should we recall them?
Bring our boys home!
We shouldn't risk it.
Emergency Stockpiles
While the rebels scramble to arm their militias, we have opened the strategic stockpiles whose locations have been only known to the few. Though these underground stores lack the newest equipment, they still hold thousands and thousands of kits for American infantrymen, meant for the worst day — and that day has arguably come.
Let's go!
Hardship of the Civil War
The civil war is bringing the hardship to our home. Many loyal citizens within a number of cities are on the verge of starvation now. We could focus on relieving their suffering, but doing so would divert supplies urgently needed at the front to fight the war. Congress and the military are divided on the issue. What should we do?
Relieve civilian suffering.
Support our Troops.
Martial Law?
With the civil war raging, a question has arisen about suspending habeas corpus and enforcing martial law in occupied territories. Even our General Staff is divided, as it could create more rebels than it defeats pre-emptively. It would help maintain order during the conflict — but such a move would certainly alienate local populace.
Enforce martial law
Civil order is better
Loyalist Terror
During the ongoing civil war, some of our commanders have begun using questionable methods to suppress civilian populations suspected of of aiding our enemies. When pressed, the President defended their actions, stating, 'Only discretionary violence was used; any commander capable of true brutality has already become a rebel'.
We can only hope.
Native American Codetalkers
A number of native American tribes have decided to support us and offer their services. Notably, this should help with hiding our communications since there are few people outside US territory who can speak the various languages of the native Americans.
This should help
Conscientious Objectors
A number of men and women — particularly among religious groups such as Jehovah's Witnesses and Mormons — have refused to engage in war, objecting to participation in the conflict. We can attempt to silence them or assign them non-military work to help the war effort. Public opinion seems to be divided, as super-patriots have begun to assault objectors during their demonstrations.
The public will handle them
Make them work
Double V Campaign
As we fight the various traitors, leaders of the NAACP have begun promoting what is being called the Double V Campaign — Victory for America and Victory against Racism. Not all African Americans wish to fight for the radical factions and thus a campaign has begun to fight for America, to help win the civil war, as well as to combat racism within our nation.
Victory for America and Victory against Racism!
Militarise the WASPs?
Congress is debating a bill to militarise the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASPs), in a similar fashion to the WACs and WAVES. This would require the government to cover the WASPs’ expenses — as with the other two organisations — instead of forcing the female pilots to pay their own costs. They would not fly in combat, as that remains the job of male pilots. Despite this, the proposal faces considerable pushback from Congress, as many regard the WASPs as as less experienced and unsuited for the job. The question is, what shall congress decide?
Congress votes to Militarise the WASPs
Congress votes to not Militarise the WASPs
Washington is Endangered
Washington is in danger of falling to traitors and rebels, and as such, we must evacuate city. Military leaders have drafted several possible relocation sites - the question is, which one shall we choose?
Denver
San Francisco
Helena
Phoenix
Support from the Syndicalists
Support from the Loyalists
Support from the Longists
Support from the Resistance
Rebels fighting for the [Root.GetAdjective] cause elsewhere in the United States have made contact with our government, offering an array of scavenged supplies.
It will be a great help
Syndicalist Uprising in the West
Fighting along the West Coast between syndicalist sympathisers and security forces has been severe in recent weeks but had dropped off in the last few, leading to hopes that the unions out west had finally given up their struggle. These hopes were dashed when a new uprising was revealed, as militias organised by powerful Teamster and Longshoremen unions in Washington and Oregon were armed through underground networks. This opens a new front in the civil war — should the rebels find a way to break out of the mountains.
Hurrah!
More syndicalist scum?!
Longist Rebels Rise in Kentucky
Huey Long has always held strong support in the heartland, with states like Kentucky and Indiana only barely swinging elsewhere in the 1936 election. Now, Longist supporters have risen up in Kentucky and the surrounding region, taking up arms obtained through underground channels to unite and open a new front in the civil war.
Hurrah!
This will not help them in the long run
Loyalists Rise in Pennsylvania
Support for the federal government remains strong even in the syndicalist heartland of Pennsylvania, and this has been proven as bands of loyalist militia — reportedly organised in the city of Philadelphia — have risen up in the hills in the central part of the state, reclaiming the region for federal control. Whether they will achieve their goal and open up a new front in the civil war remains to be seen.
Hurrah!
A futile effort
Resistance Rises in Midwest
Support for democratic proponents within the Constitutionalist government has been strong in the American Midwest, with frequent street protests — many placing blame for the civil war squarely on General MacArthur’s shoulders. These protests have recently become more organised and have culminated in a widespread uprising across Colorado, quietly funded and equipped through underground channels. Whether these rebels will succeed in opening a new front for the civil war remains to be seen.
Hurrah!
A nuisance at best
Syndicalist Uprising in Georgia
It seems that more than a few disaffected supporters of Huey Long have grown angry enough to defect to [WCA.GetNameDef]'s control. Over the past several weeks, they have been organising in the hills of southern Georgia, and now they have finally made their move. This opens a new front in the civil war.
Hurrah!
They should make up their minds
Longist Uprising in California
It seems that more than a few disaffected SPA militia members have grown angry enough to defect to [APG.GetNameDef]’s control. Over the past several weeks, they have been organising in the hills of southern California, and now they have finally made their move. This opens a new front in the civil war.
Hurrah!
It makes no difference
America in Chaos
Chaos has overtaken our neighbours to the south, and—even worse—the Socialist Party of America has proclaimed a stronghold right off our southern border. A number of the northeastern governors in New England, their states beset by syndicalist militia violence, have formally asked the Canadian government to intervene. Clearly they feel the Federal government is incapable of the task, though some of our ministers believe this might be seen by certain factions less as intervention and more as aggression. They insist the matter should be debated in Parliament before any action is taken. For New England, at least, that might not be quick enough to save them.
Chaos has overtaken our neighbours to the south, though it seems we have been spared the possibility of an American syndicalist uprising. Even so, the violence has been extreme, and several governors from the northeastern states of New England have asked us to intervene and restore order. Clearly they feel the Federal government is incapable of the task, though some of our ministers feel this might be seen by the Federal government less as intervention and more as aggression. They say the matter should be debated in Parliament before any action is taken.
Hold off on any intervention
Move into New England, as requested
Alaska Requests Intervention
The American territory of Alaska has experienced a severe shortage of needed supplies following the outbreak of the civil war. After a recent bombing in the city of Juneau, the governor of Alaska fears a breakdown of order—one that the far-off Federal government will be too busy to respond to. Thus he, like the New England governors, has requested that the Canadian government intervene for the interim to keep the peace.
Alaska is on its own
We should move in
[CAN.GetNameDefCap] Seizes Alaska
The territory of Alaska has experienced a severe shortage of needed supplies following the outbreak of the civil war. After a recent bombing in the city of Juneau, the Alaska governor feared a breakdown of order—one that the far-off Federal government would be too busy to address—and thus made a formal request to [CAN.GetNameDef] to intervene. Canadian troops and supply trucks have already moved into the region.
We will deal with this later
The Fate of America
With the civil war over, we must decide what to do with the American territory now under our control.
Return it to [USA.GetNameDef]
Return it to [ACC.GetNameDef]
Return it to [APG.GetNameDef]
Return it to [NEE.GetNameDef]
Set up a new American government
Continue with the military occupation
American Land Returned
[From.GetNameDefCap], true to their pledge of supporting us through the civil war, has returned much of their occupied American territory to us.
[From.GetNameDefCap] occupied a fair amount of American territory during the civil war. Now their government has approached us, returning much of it to its 'rightful owner', no questions asked.
We appreciate it.
Our Canadian allies, true to their word, have turned over almost all their occupied American territory to us.
A New American Government
With the former governments in tatters, we will need to establish something from the old. What form shall the new government take?
The old Federal Government, as is proper
[ACC.GetNameDefCap]
[APG.GetNameDefCap]
[NEE.GetNameDefCap]
The Fate of New England
We are currently occupying New England. Should we return it to [america_country.GetNameDef] or continue our occupation?
Return it to them
We deserve it, after all we did
The Fate of Alaska
We are currently occupying Alaska. Should we return it to [america_country.GetNameDef] or continue our occupation?
Elections for [america_country.GetNameDef]?
It has been over a year since the new government was established in [america_country.GetNameDef], and our allies there say they are ready to stand on their own again. Shall we allow them to hold elections and continue on as free allies?
Of course
They're not ready
Peace with Canada?
We have occupied Ottawa, and currently have the Canadians on the run. Perhaps the time has come to make peace, lest we find ourselves bogged down in their vast territory.
We intend to teach them a lesson
Very well, let's end this
Only if they give us land concessions
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks for Peace
We have received an envoy from the [From.GetAdjective] government, saying they have occupied enough of Canada and hope we have learned a harsh lesson. They're willing to consider peace, though warn us severely that next time they will not be so lenient.
Yes, let's end this
No, we can still win!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks for Peace
The Canadian government, having been beaten soundly by [From.From.GetNameDef], wishes to withdraw completely from its involvement in the civil war, and has therefore has asked for peace with [Root.GetNameDef].
Yes, let's end this
We intend to teach them a lesson
[From.GetNameDefCap]'s Proposal
We are currently in a ceasefire with [WCA.GetNameDef], but none of us are under any illusion that this is anything more than a respite before the fighting resumes. The [From.GetAdjective] government has approached us with a proposal: if we join the Entente, they'll fight on our side when the battle resumes. It makes sense, considering that the Canadians fear [WCA.GetNameDef] as much as we do, but some in our government oppose the idea of chaining ourselves to the Entente cause. We will, after all, be pulled into their wars in Europe even should we win the civil war now.
We need their help to win the war
No, we will do this without their help
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins the Entente
Grateful for our assistance, the [From.GetAdjective] government has chosen to accept our offer and has formally joined the Entente.
Three Cheers for America!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Rejects our Offer
The [From.GetAdjective] government has rejected our alliance offer, perhaps believing that they can win the civil war on their own.
How disappointing!
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] Joins the Entente
Obviously fearing our ultimate victory, the [ACC.GetAdjective] government has cosied up to the Canadians and the British. We will need to fight them all, once the ceasefire is done.
So be it!
A Possible Ceasefire
The civil war has ravaged America, and there is growing discussion within the government about approaching [ACC.GetNameDef] for a possible ceasefire. Whether the Constitutionalist rebels would even consider such a proposal is unknown, but if it occurred it would give us time to consolidate our hold over the east and for our men to recover. Eventually a reckoning will be necessary, of course, but if we do not attempt this now the war may drag on even longer.
Let's meet them in Denver
No, there's no point in this
Ceasefire Talks in Denver
With the war between [survivor.GetNameDef] and [ACC.GetNameDef] dragging on, talks have been held between high-ranking officials on both sides about a possible ceasefire. This comes at the urging of the [survivor.GetAdjective] government, though it is unclear just how much traction the talks currently have. We shall see within a couple of days whether anything comes of it.
An interesting idea?
We will not negotiate with those who would see America destroyed!
The Proposal
After two days of talks, army officials have put together a proposal: any states west of the Mississippi River that are currently occupied by [ACC.GetAdjective] forces would be ceded to [ACC.GetNameDef], with some gaps filled on the map—nothing they cannot properly supply. The rest would be ceded to [survivor.GetNameDef]. Outside of that, there are no guarantees and no talk of an actual peace—reckoning will come one day. Both sides simply call for hostilities to stop for now, for damage to be assessed, and for the living to take a much-needed breath.
This will do.
They're asking for too much!
Agree to the proposal as it stands
We will go back to the table and try again...
There Will be no Ceasefire
Perhaps it was too much to hope for. Talks in Denver between both sides fell apart without any real agreement, and hopes for a ceasefire have vanished. The war resumes.
So much for that
The [ACW_ceasefire_name]
Talks with [ACC.GetNameDef] have concluded, and the ceasefire is going ahead. Our troops are already pulling back to the eastern side of the new border. How long this will last remains to be seen.
It's peace for now
The [ACW_ceasefire_name]
Talks with [From.GetNameDef] have concluded, and the ceasefire is going ahead. Our troops are already pulling back to the western side of the new border. How long this will last remains to be seen.
It's peace for now
The [ACW_ceasefire_name]
Civil war has ravaged America for many months, but today a ceasefire was called after a meeting in Denver between officials of [ACC.GetNameDef] and [survivor.GetNameDef], who worked out terms. Pacific forces will withdraw to new boundaries west of the agreed-upon border, while [survivor.GetAdjective] forces will withdraw eastward. This is not an official peace, however, and many feel that a future reckoning between the two countries—a final showdown, as it were, for the future of America—is all but inevitable.\n\nEven so, this is a moment of respite for each side to gather strength and count their dead, and Americans on both sides are celebrating a brief peace snatched from the jaws of chaos.
We'll see how long it lasts
America in Chaos
Liberia has been under the economic and political dominance of the USA since its founding as a colony for freed slaves in 1822. This dominance has also helped protect it from European colonial powers. However, the USA is now in chaos, as rival political factions vie for the presidency. The conflict has now deepened to the point of no return. They can no longer be relied upon for protection. Now we must decide how to survive from now on.
Lapdogs no longer - we can protect ourselves!
We aren't traitors - stay loyal to the Americans
Riots in New England and New York
In recent days, syndicalist militias have been struggling (and failing) to take control in the northeastern states from New York and New Jersey all the way up to the coasts of Maine. So far, governors in the region have clamped down hard on the violence, though the result has been a series of violent riots in Boston and Buffalo—not to mention a wave of uprisings still ongoing within New York City itself. Citizens are on edge, and governors have denied the federal government permission to raise local militias in the area, fearful of increasing tensions further. A few New England governors are reported to be quietly asking the Canadian government to intervene, should the worse come to worst.
What a mess
Interesting
Nevada Aligns with [ACC.GetNameDef]
Maurice J. Sullivan today declared Nevada's allegiance with [ACC.GetNameDef], who refuse to acknowledge the legitimacy of General MacArthur's government. The governor had been in consultation with [ACC.GetNameDef] since its creation, and in a radio address, said he could not stand by and let democracy fail in America without taking a stand. So far, federal forces have withdrawn from army bases in the region without threat of further violence.
A welcome decision
A foolish decision
The 30-Day Deadline
The 30-day deadline by the federal government to the rebellious states has so far passed without any of the state governors changing their minds. The federal government is consolidating its position, but has warned MacArthur to expect further violence and state defections prior to the deadline's end. Most in Washington appear pessimistic that an all-out war can be avoided.
We shall see
Deadline Looms
The 30-day deadline issued by the federal government is almost at an end, with none of the sides having stood down. Indeed, it's clear the rebellious states have used the intervening time to raise militias throughout their controlled areas, meaning a civil war will be a difficult fight indeed.
What comes shall come
Contact with the New York Resistance
Though both New York and New Jersey were thought completely lost to Federal forces, it turns out that several large groups of fighters managed to make it out of the urban areas and have regrouped in the hills of eastern Pennsylvania. Though tattered, they are eager to continue the battle with our support.
Good to have you, boys
Four militia units arrive in Philadelphia
Dissolution of the U.S. Navy
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding political terms to remain as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nThe crisis flashpoint in the Navy took place several days ago, however, when a mutiny broke out on the West Coast and several vessels defected to sail towards the East Coast, aiming to support their comrades there. Skirmishes and sometimes even outright battles broke out as a result, all of them disorderly and chaotic, with no distinction between friend or foe. This has led to the Navy's effective dissolution—dozens of vessels have deserted or defected, numerous sailors, naval officers and even admirals have changed sides. Reserve fleets and vessels stationed in areas no longer under Federal administration have also been lost.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm. MacArthur's march on Washington has been more divisive than either the Syndicalists or the Longists, however, as the Pacific Fleet, following the decision of the governors of their bases, have refused to recognise the government in Washington.\n\nThe crisis flashpoint in the Navy took place several days ago, however, when the ships and naval officers of the Pacific Fleet who were loyal to MacArthur chose to collectively mutiny and leave for the East Coast - which got the rest of the Pacific Fleet to retaliate and go after them. Skirmishes and sometimes even outright battles broke out as a result, all of them disorderly and chaotic, with no distinction between friend or foe. This has led to the Navy's effective dissolution - dozens of vessels have deserted or defected, numerous sailors, naval officers and even admirals have changed sides. Reserve fleets and vessels stationed in areas no longer under Federal administration have also been lost.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nWhen Douglas MacArthur marched upon Washington and overthrew the democratically elected government to install a military junta, the Pacific Fleet, following the governors of the West Coast states, declared itself loyal to the Pacific Command. Not all of them agreed with the decision, however. A clique of sailors and naval officers loyal to MacArthur chose to collectively mutiny and take their ships to the East Coast, sparking a battle between their forces and the rest of the Pacific fleet. The skirmishes were chaotic and disorderly, with no distinction between friend and foe, but unfortunately, the traitors escaped with the ships and equipment. This has caused the disintegration of the US fleet, however, and we have taken the necessary precautions to prevent any further defections.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nAt first, the Naval High Command managed to prevent the collapse of the fleet, detaining sailors and officers loyal to Long's cause, but they could not keep this up for long. Events on the West Coast caused the disintegration of the US Navy - battles between Federal loyalists and mutinous ships have broken the Pacific Fleet and given sailors across the Union a chance to declare their loyalty to Huey Long. Even a few admirals have switched sides to align with us. We have also seized reserve fleets and vessels stationed in the South - from them and from arriving loyalists, we have been able to assemble a modest naval force.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nAt first, the Naval High Command managed to prevent the collapse of the fleet, detaining sailors and officers loyal to Long's cause, but they could not keep this up for long. Events on the West Coast caused the disintegration of the US Navy - battles between Federal loyalists and mutinous ships have broken the Pacific Fleet and given sailors across the Union a chance to break with the regime in Washington. Though some declared for the Syndicalists, others announced their support for Huey Long's uprising in Louisiana. Even a few admirals have switched sides to align with us. We have also seized reserve fleets and vessels stationed in the South - from them and from arriving loyalists, we have been able to assemble a modest naval force.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nAt first, the Naval High Command managed to prevent the collapse of the fleet, detaining sailors and officers loyal to syndicalist cause, but they could not keep this up for long. Events on the West Coast caused the disintegration of the US Navy - battles between Federal loyalists and mutinous ships have broken the Pacific Fleet and given sailors across the Union a chance to declare their loyalty to John Reed. Even a few high-ranking captains have switched sides to align with us. We have also seized reserve fleets and vessels stationed in the Northeast - from them and from arriving revolutionary sailors, we have been able to assemble a modest naval force.
The decay of order in the United States has impacted the U.S. Navy much like it has every other facet of American society. Many sailors and even some officers are sympathetic towards what the Naval High Command has dubbed 'forces opposed to the Republic and public order', avoiding mentioning any political terms to stay as impartial as possible. Still, defections have become the norm.\n\nAt first, the Naval High Command managed to prevent the collapse of the fleet, detaining sailors and officers loyal to syndicalist cause, but they could not keep this up for long. Events on the West Coast caused the disintegration of the US Navy - battles between Federal loyalists and mutinous ships have broken the Pacific Fleet and given sailors across the Union a chance to break with the regime in Washington. Though some declared for the Longists, others announced their support for the Revolution in Chicago. Even a few high-ranking captains have switched sides to align with us. We have also seized reserve fleets and vessels stationed in the Northeast - from them and from arriving revolutionary sailors, we have been able to assemble a modest naval force.
Traitors in the Navy!
I did not expect the Pacific Fleet to be full of traitors!
We welcome the Pacific Fleet, champions of democracy!
We welcome loyal sailors!
The navy is the backbone of any revolution!
Massive desertion in navy begins.\n§YShips from the West Coast will arrive in the Panama Canal Naval Base§!.
Massive desertion in navy begins.
Loyal to the people sailors and admirals join to our navy\n§YShips from the West Coast will arrive in the Caribbean Sea§!
Revolutionary sailors and captains join to our navy\n§YShips from the West Coast will arrive in the Caribbean Sea§!
Order Restored in [restored_core.GetName]
Over the past weeks, [Root.GetAdjective] government forces have been busy in [restored_core.GetName], arresting those we feel would prove a hindrance to our control and helping our local supporters spread the good word amongst the people. We want to reassure them that, as American citizens, they have no reason to fear our presence. Our efforts have slowly begun to bear fruit, even in the midst of all this chaos.
Excellent news!
Syndicalists Take Control in Minnesota
Violence by syndicalist militia groups expanded to the city of Minneapolis and the surrounding region, with blockades erected on roads and the Minneapolis airport reportedly seized by several armed groups. Before the violence could expand, the governor of Minnesota declared the state's allegiance to John Reed's cause and ordered the state's National Guard divisions to stand down. Having secured the old Minnesota Farmer-Labor Party's bastion, many Farmer-Labor members and leaders have now sworn allegiance to the Socialist cause. The few who resisted, along with other Federalist sympathisers, are now fleeing south, WCA militias hot on their trail, to Iowa, where the next battle in the Midwest is expected to commence
We welcome them
Traitors!
Federal Control Maintained in Minnesota
Violence by syndicalist militia groups expanded to the city of Minneapolis and the surrounding region, with blockades erected on roads and the Minneapolis airport reportedly invaded by several armed groups. Before the violence could spread further, however, the governor of Minnesota reaffirmed the state's allegiance to the legitimate government and rededicated the state's loyal national guard to fighting back the insurgents. While the struggle continues, for now the state remains in Federal hands. A similar uprising in Iowa has likewise failed - with the former Farmer-Labor Party hotbed tamed by the Federalists, Iowa's socialists are unlikely to make much progress.
Good.
I see.
North Carolina Declares Support for Huey Long
Responding to mounting pressure from militia groups in Charlotte, the governor of North Carolina today declared that the state would join those aligned with Huey Long. While there are reports of riots breaking out in several cities, most of the state appears to support the governor's decision and federal forces are already withdrawing from the region before they find themselves overwhelmed.
We welcome them
Traitors!
North Carolina Confirms Loyalty to USA
Responding to mounting pressure from militia groups in Charlotte, the governor of North Carolina today declared that the state would remain loyal to America and the legitimate federal government. While there are reports of riots breaking out in several cities, most of the state appears to support the governor's decision and Minutemen forces are already withdrawing from the region before they find themselves overwhelmed.
Excellent
Traitors!
Longist Militias Take Control in Tennessee
Conflicting reports of battles between syndicalist and Longist militias throughout the state of Tennessee were resolved today when Longist militias stormed the State Legislature in Nashville. Governor Gordon Browning was taken prisoner, and while federal forces fought for control over the city, it's quickly became clear the militias have the advantage. Already federal forces are withdrawing from the state, conceding control to Huey Long's supporters.
We welcome them
Traitors!
Longist Militias Lose Battle in Tennessee
Conflicting reports of battles between syndicalist and Longist militias throughout the state of Tennessee were resolved today when Longist militias were defeated by Federal forces outside the state legislature in Nashville. While federal forces are still fighting for control of the city, it is becoming increasingly clear they have the advantage, and Governor Gordon Browning delivered a televised address declaring that Tennessee would not fall to radical forces. Already Minutemen are withdrawing from the state, conceding control to the government.
That's a relief
Traitors!
Syndicalists Victorious in New Jersey
The battle between syndicalist militia across New Jersey, from Newark all the way down south near Philadelphia, has ended with the syndicalist forces declaring victory. While they have not extended their control to the rest of New York State, the governor having declared an emergency and blockading bridges leading into the city itself, the most populated areas of both states are now firmly under syndicalist control with barricades already erected along New Jersey’s southern border.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Federalists Victorious in New Jersey
The battle between syndicalist militia forces across New Jersey, from Newark all the way down south near Philadelphia, has ended with federal forces declaring victory. Already the leaders of syndicalist militias are being rounded up and imprisoned, although many have vanished into urban areas with lingering reports of violence still ongoing. It will likely take months for the federal government to re-establish firm control over the urban area. For the moment, forces loyal to the government are concentrating on securing the eastern seaboard and strengthening the border with neighbouring Pennsylvania and the besieged New York City.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Interesting
Federalists Overtake Southern Texas
While the state of Texas has firmly declared its allegiance to Huey Long, forces loyal to the federal government have fiercely contested control and so far have managed to obtain victory throughout the southern regions of the state. Governor James Allred has been declared a traitor by southern mayors, who appear determined to fight against their fellow citizens in the rest of the state should the civil war begin in earnest.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Interesting
Federal Revolt Fails in Texas
While the state of Texas has firmly declared its allegiance to Huey Long, forces loyal to the federal government have been in hot contention for control and battles with Minutemen have raged across the southern portion of the state. Governor James Allred recently held a conference with several southern mayors, and today declared that an accord had been reached to unite in support of Long and the proper American government.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Interesting
Iowa Declares Support for Reed
With both Cedar Rapids and Iowa City having been overtaken by syndicalist militia forces, the governor of Iowa today declared support for John Reed and demanded the withdrawal of federal forces from the state. While most doubt that Governor Kraschel has any syndicalist sympathies, it's clear he foresaw a quick collapse of the state once the war began and elected to switch sides before things went too far. Several reports of riots in Des Moines preceded the withdrawal of loyalist forces from the region.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Iowa Declares Federal Support
With both Cedar Rapids and Iowa City having been freed from syndicalist control by federal forces, the governor of Iowa today reaffirmed his support for the federal government and demanded that John Reed withdraw his syndicalist militias from the state. Clearly Governor Kraschel foresaw which way the battle was leaning in his state, and decided to invite Federal troops in before things got out of hand. Several reports of riots in Des Moines have preceded the withdrawal of SPA militias from the region.
A welcome victory
An unfortunate loss
Missouri Overtaken by Militia Forces
Following on the heels of their victory in Iowa, SPA militia have flooded into Missouri and found ready support amongst strikers in St. Louis. The city was overtaken almost immediately, with Governor Lloyd C. Stark taken hostage. While the governor held out for several days, hoping that federal forces would free him in the legislature, it quickly became evident that Missouri militia forces were too well-entrenched. To avoid further bloodshed, Governor Stark ordered the state's national guard to stand down. Word has it that battles are still ongoing, and that SPA control is not yet complete.
A welcome development
Most alarming
SPA Captures Kentucky
The unrest in the eastern regions of Kentucky has finally reached a boiling point. With the fall of Missouri intensifying pressure on the state, it was only a matter of time before Frankfort and Louisville were overrun by SPA forces attacking from all sides. Governor Happy Chandler evacuated the state just before the fall of Frankfort, leaving the remaining defenders leaderless and easily overwhelmed by the attackers. While the SPA now controls most of the state, its hold is yet far from secure, however, with regular clashes breaking out between militia groups and Federal forces near the border with Tennessee.
A welcome development
Most alarming
Kentucky Declares Support for Long
With the nation on the brink of civil war, many border states have been forced to choose a side. In Kentucky, the legislature in Frankfort has once again grown bitterly divided as the state grapples with fear of Syndicalism and the allure of Huey Long's proclamation. In an impassioned plea, Governor Happy Chandler has decidedly cast his lot with the Federalist cause, despite himself being a stalwart part of the Democrats' Conservative wing. Although the speech has gained considerable attention in a region tearing itself apart at the seams, ultimately Governor Chandler's forces were forced to flee the capital towards Loyalist lines - yielding much of the state to pro-Long government. Chandler however has vowed to rally pro-government forces and return to liberate the state from treason.
A welcome development
Most alarming
Virginia Overtaken by Minutemen
Following on the heels of their victory in North Carolina, Long Minutemen have flooded into Virginia and found ready support amongst anti-syndicalist demonstrators in the western regions of the state. Richmond was overtaken soon afterwards, with Governor George C. Peery taken hostage. While the governor held out for several days, hoping that federal forces would free him in the legislature, it quickly became evident that Virginia's Minutemen forces were too well-entrenched. To avoid further bloodshed, Governor Peery ordered the state's national guard to stand down and naval forces to withdraw from the base in Norfolk. Word has it that battles are still ongoing, and that Long control over the state is far from complete.
A welcome development
That's far too close to Washington
All occupied states of their territory will be transferred to us, and ours to them. The truce will continue for 90 days, after which each of us will have the option to extend it for another 90 days.\n
Deal with the Devil?
The [From.GetAdjective] government has approached us with a proposal: a truce of at least 90 days between [Root.GetNameDef] and [From.GetNameDef], so that both of us can turn our efforts against the [enemy_country.GetAdjective] forces, which are currently defeating us both. In 90 days' time, we can re-assess... and, if [enemy_country.GetNameDef] is defeated, the truce will be off.
We agree to this arrangement... for now
No, we refuse to compromise our principles
The Deal has been Refused
Unfortunately, it seems the [From.GetAdjective] government is more stubborn than they anticipated. They will not cooperate with us, even if it means their defeat.
Too bad
The Deal is Accepted
As expected, the [From.GetAdjective] forces have accepted our deal. We will stop fighting, for now, and turn our attentions against [enemy_country.GetNameDef]. In 90 days' time, we can re-assess, and if the [enemy_country.GetAdjective] forces have been defeated, then the truce will be off.
Excellent
Continue the Truce?
The 90 days is up, and now it falls on us to consider whether we resume our fight against [truce_country.GetNameDef].
Let us hold off another 90 days...
This truce is over
Deal with the Devil
With their forces hard-pressed by [enemy_country.GetNameDef], representatives from both [From.GetNameDef] and [From.From.GetNameDef] agreed to a temporary truce, lest [enemy_country.GetAdjective] roll over them both and win the American Civil War.\n\nWhether their agreement comes too late, or whether it can even last more than a few months before both sides turn on each other, remains to be seen. Most onlookers appear to agree this unprecedented agreement indicates that, for now, [enemy_country.GetNameDef] has the definite upper hand.
Interesting
It makes no difference - they will both lose
Deal with the Devil
With their forces hard-pressed by [enemy_country.GetNameDef], both [truce_support.GetNameDef] and [truce_enemy.GetNameDef] have agreed to a temporary truce. Seeing as we have declared our support for the [truce_support.GetAdjective] faction, it falls on us to go along with their deal... at least for now.
So be it.
The Ceasefire has Ended
The temporary ceasefire between [can_ally.GetNameDef] and [can_enemy.GetNameDef] has evidently ended, and now the [can_ally.GetAdjective] is calling upon the Entente to rejoin the war as before.
We're on the way!
I'm afraid they're on their own
§Y[Root.GetNameDefCap]§! will rejoin §Y[can_ally.GetNameDef]§! in its war against §Y[can_enemy.GetNameDef]§!\n
America is Reunited
At long last America has been reunited. We stretch once again from sea to shining sea. The traitors to the country have been destroyed and the stars and stripes now fly proudly from coast to coast knowing that liberty is secured for all Americans.
At long last all of America is now part of [Root.GetNameDef]. The revolution has achieved a major victory and the people have been unshackled from the chains of capitalism. From California to New York Island, all wave the red flag of socialism. While the scars of the revolution are everywhere, we can look forward to bringing the revolution to everyone.
At long last America has been united under [Root.GetNameDef]'s banner. Traitors and would-be tyrants have tried to destroy and corrupt this great nation, yet we held firm and took control. A question has arisen, however, in those territories which did not initially rise up with Huey Long in the civil war: is this country the United States of America, or is it truly [Root.GetNameDef]? There is a longing among many to return to the stability of the Stars and Stripes, even if things have irrevocably changed. Should we appease them and show that the America Huey originally envisioned still exists?
At long last the United States of America has been reunited. The tyrant MacArthur has been cast down, all other traitors to the country that seek to turn America into something it is not have been defeated. The stars and stripes now fly proudly from coast to coast knowing that liberty is secured for all Americans.
A more perfect union.
This land is your land.
The Triumph of the Republic
With the final defeat of the last of the rebel factions, our government - the righteous government - stands tall over the American continent once more. Just like Abraham Lincoln seventy-five years ago, President [USA.GetLeader] has saved the republic. Now that the war is over, the lessons learned from the Crisis of '37 and the war must be studied and applied. While there is indeed much willingness in the government to reform the system, there is no consensus on how to proceed.\n\nSome question the legacy of President MacArthur's actions, whether they were necessary to defend the union from the radicals of the left and right or whether they have paved the way for the end of democracy. In spite of the current post-war settlement, there are many who still, quietly and openly, contest the legacy of the events of 1937.\n\nWhat is clear is that the military will remain a prominent force in society, for better or worse. No matter the future of MacArthur himself, the precedent he sent will reverberate for years to come, whether we're comfortable with that or not, and we will have to work in the coming years to address that. All these questions and others must now be answered, but by the grace of Almighty God, America now has a government ready to try.
The American experiment is not dead yet.\n§L(Keep map colour)§!
The American experiment is not dead yet.\n§L(Switch map colour)§!
The Triumph of the People
With our final triumph over the enemies of the people, our government - the People's Government - has reclaimed the country for the people. Just like Abraham Lincoln seventy-five years ago, President [APG.GetLeader] has saved democracy and the Union. Now that the war is over, the lessons learned from the Crisis of '37 and the war must be studied and applied. While our government was unified during the war, the divisions long apparent in the broader Share Our Wealth movement are sure to come to the forefront in the post-war era.\n\nThough President Long seemingly has a strong mandate to govern, many of his allies become restless with his behaviour. The Union Party, having existed mainly on paper rather than in reality, will soon give way to both new and old political organisations, with Long himself rumoured to be hoping for a reconciliation with his old Democratic colleagues. The right wing of his movement meanwhile has very little patience for his promises of wealth distribution, promises he seeks to fulfil now that the war is over.\n\nWhat is clear is that America will forge a new path, one not bound to the conventional ideological dogmas of liberalism or socialism. No matter which wing of the Long movement comes out on top, the result will be a uniquely American system, for better or worse.
By the people, for the people.\n§L(Keep map colour)§!
By the people, for the people.\n§L(Switch map colour)§!
The Triumph of Democracy
With the final reclamation of the 48 states, our government - now recognised by the great majority of Americans as legitimate - stands tall over the American continent. Just like Abraham Lincoln seventy-five years ago, President [NEE.GetLeader] has saved democracy and the Union. Though the American experiment was reduced, in our darkest hour, to the confines of New England, the birthplace of the American Revolution came through to save it. Now that the war is over, the lessons learned from the Crisis of '37 and the war must be studied and applied. While there is indeed much willingness in the government to reform the system, there is no consensus on how to proceed.\n\nSome question the extent to which constitutionalist forces not affiliated with the Boston Government should be rehabilitated and re-integrated into the restored Union. Though the cause they fought for certainly resembles our own, many wrote us off as Canadian puppets, and the divisions and grudges of the war are unlikely to die easily.\n\nWhat is clear is that the old interests which have dominated the United States for decades will return to prominence. Order and sanity will return to government, as the political project of radicals of all stripes is decisively defeated. Though we must be wary of a revival in domestic dissatisfaction, the old order has been given a new lease on life, at least for now.
Democracy in America is not dead yet.\n§L(Keep map colour)§!
Democracy in America is not dead yet.\n§L(Switch map colour)§!
The Federal Collapse
It appears that the Federal government is on its last legs in the American Civil War.\n\nAlready most of its land has been swallowed up by the other American factions, and what is left is but the last remnants of its army - now demoralised and suffering from mass desertions, but holding out against all hope that a miracle might save them.\n\nSome Federal leaders have already met with the enemy factions' generals to negotiate the terms of their inevitable complete surrender.
A necessary step for the revolution.
Sic Semper Tyrannis!
They got what they deserved
Shocking!
Collapse of [WCA.GetNameDef]
It appears that [WCA.GetNameDef] is on its last legs in the American Civil War.\n\nAlready most of its land has been swallowed up by the other American factions, and what is left is but the last remnants of its army - now demoralised and suffering from mass desertions, but holding out against all hope that a miracle might save them.\n\nSome [WCA.GetAdjective] leaders have already met with the enemy factions' generals to negotiate the terms of their inevitable complete surrender.
It's about damned time
Well that's good news, at least
Let their revolution burn in hell
Interesting.
Collapse of [APG.GetNameDef]
It appears that [APG.GetNameDef] is on its last legs in the American Civil War.\n\nAlready most of its land has been swallowed up by the other American factions, and what is left is but the last remnants of its army - now demoralised and suffering from mass desertions, but holding out against all hope that a miracle might save them.\n\nSome [APG.GetAdjective] leaders have already met with the enemy factions' generals to negotiate the terms of their inevitable complete surrender.
As it should be
Well that's good news, at least
They deserve everything they get
Interesting
Collapse of [ACC.GetNameDef]
It appears that [ACC.GetNameDef] is on its last legs in the American Civil War.\n\nAlready most of its land has been swallowed up by the other American factions, and what is left is but the last remnants of its army - now demoralised and suffering from mass desertions, but holding out against all hope that a miracle might save them.\n\nSome leaders have already met with the enemy factions' generals to negotiate the terms of their inevitable complete surrender.
As it should be
Well that's good news, at least
They deserve everything they get
Interesting
[From.GetAdjective] Equipment Arrives
Our friends in [From.GetNameDef] have sent us a shipment of infantry equipment to aid in our struggle.
Much needed!
Emergency Reserves Called Up
With the declaration of war on [Root.GetNameDef] by [From.GetNameDef], veterans of the civil war scrambled to enlist in the national reserves - compelled by a feeling that the [From.GetAdjective] government was preying upon us at our weakest moment. While the new corps are spread all over the country, they are ready and eager to fight against the enemy!
We shall defend the country!
This is unnecessary.
Reserves Demobilised
While the emergency reserves were called up for the war, now that it is over they have been demobilised and sent back to their homes - exhausted after so much fighting.
Time to rest, dear veterans
MacArthur's War Plan
General MacArthur has long been preparing his plans for combatting civil unrest. The original War Plan White from the early '20s insisted on respecting the Constitution's provisions on states' rights. It said that only the governor could request federal troops to suppress a revolt. The situation in the nation now, unfortunately, requires stronger action. With President MacArthur's 30-day amnesty deadline yielding few results, it seems the United States needs to prepare for war.\n\nThere are three plans that have been proposed to the cabinet and chiefs of the military:\n\n1. War Plan White: Yorktown recommends abandoning the many military bases on the West Coast, in the Rockies, the Great Plains and the Midwest. With the withdrawal of Federal troops east of the Mississippi, the plan hopes the concentration of Federal troops on the eastern seaboard will be able to crush rebellions in Pennsylvania, the Carolinas, New England, and Georgia.\n\n2. War Plan White: San Jacinto calls for relocating the government to the Great Plains, along with much of the military, in order to crush resistance in the West Coast states. If properly executed, this would allow us to recapture the mutineering Pacific Fleet.\n\n3. Lastly, MacArthur's original War Plan White, drafted late last year, calls for holding a corridor from Virginia to whichever states remain loyal in the Midwest. We hope that our superior organisation and mobility can quickly crush the rebellions before they can link up or begin war production. What should we choose?
Abandon the Plains.
Washington is too vulnerable, retreat to Denver.
We will not cede an inch more to those traitors!
Evacuation of the Rocky Mountains
The states of Arizona, New Mexico, Idaho, and Utah have long been thought of as America's true heartland, a place where invaders would rarely reach. As such, there were few military bases or commands in the area, and few depots or bases to evacuate. In Nevada, unfortunately, Hawthorne Army Depot has refused orders to move materiel east. However, the states of New Mexico and Arizona were different. Here, Forts Yuma and Huachuca, built in the last century to protect against Indian raids and Mexican bandits, remained strong. Happily, they also remained loyal, and the soldiers and men there are trucking north and east as quickly as they can. The citizens of these states are cautiously obeying the instructions of the governors to remain where they are until a regional decision is made.
Perhaps the Navajo will come out again, now the Feds are gone.
Evacuation of the Northern Great Plains
Like the rest of the old West, the only military bases in the north of the Great Plains were established during the last Indian Wars to finally pacify the region. Fort Russel in Wyoming, Fort Missoula in Montana, and Camp Grafton in North Dakota are now fairly badly equipped bases, having not fought a battle or skirmish since the 1880s. The lack of hostile civilian activity has made the evacuation relatively smooth, and the troops have withdrawn south to Colorado and Missouri.
Let the Canadians watch the border, we're going east.
The Withdrawal from Denver
The central Plains, Denver in particular, have become a rallying point for troops and militiamen in the Plains and west, coming together to organise, train, and fight the rebellions. As the President has decided to abandon the Plains until he can take Chicago and Baton Rouge, these troops have been sent out of Denver east to Missouri, to meet the loyalist militias already converging on St. Louis. The governor of Colorado has begged our troops to stay and protect his state from the radical rebels, but they had their orders. The west has been left for dead.
Blow the retreat.
Crossing the Mississippi
As our troops arrived in Missouri, trouble finally began to hit our servicemen. Governor Stark of Missouri, a Pendergast machine politician, is an admirer of Governor Long and an ally of his. He refused to allow our men to cross the Mississippi without checking each unit's papers by Washington by telegram. Our men seem to have grown slightly fed up with this, and stormed across the bridge at Cairo into Kentucky. Unfortunately, the bridge could only take so many people, and the bridge soon collapsed, leaving thousands of men stranded on the far side. Ferries were soon organised to bring them over, but the first shots of opposition to the army were seen as the last of our men left St. Louis as Long's militiamen shot at our retreating troops.
Flee, flee for your lives!
Western Governors Defect to the ACC
When Federal troops withdrew from the area of the Rocky Mountains, there were initially split responses. The Governor of Nevada, Richard Kirman, Sr., refused to allow Federal troops to evacuate or abandon their equipment, but the governors of Arizona, Idaho and Utah were more willing to accommodate the President. However, a recent regional conference of the four governors in Salt Lake City has led to them deciding to collectively rely on the provisional government in California for protection and support. Apparently, most of them were led to this by their clear abandonment by the Washington government. They have denounced MacArthur's takeover pro forma and the Sacramento government has already sent in its own soldiers and airmen to occupy the abandoned bases in the west.
The true America grows stronger!
Pragmatic traitors are still traitors.
New Mexico Falls to Huey Long's Government
As Federal soldiers and marines left Arizona and New Mexico, they took most militiamen and National Guardsmen with them, promising to return them to their homes by way of Baton Rouge by the end of the year. Unfortunately for MacArthur's government, stripping New Mexico of defenders left it open to takeovers from nearby. Steaming up the Pecos and racing along the roads to Albuquerque and Santa Fe, Huey Long's loyal Minutemen and National Guard captured the greater part of New Mexico before the police knew what was happening. Soon, Progressive governor Tingley surrendered the state via radio before fleeing west to the ACC, taking most of the administration of the state with him.
Thank you, Texans!
The nation spirals further into chaos.
Socialist Forces Capture Minnesota
As Federal forces left Minnesota, Floyd Olson's old friend Governor Peterson realised that his state would be torn apart unless he surrendered to John Reed's Chicago regime. While there was some protest, the fact that the state had voted Farmer-Labor in the ‘36 election helped sway the people of Minnesota to follow their governor into the arms of the socialists.
It was inevitable.
Damn them!
Iowa Surrenders
Striking workers in Des Moines and Cedar Rapids today were joined by newly arrived militia of Reed's now openly declared WCA. Police officers attempting to defend the Iowa State Capitol were massacred by the mob as the seat of the legislature was invaded by the workers. Governor Kraschel, probably seeing which way the tide was flowing, has decided to surrender his state to the Chicago government as a new state of the WCA.
The revolution must be brought by force sometimes.
Awful!
The Occupation of the Northern Rocky Mountains
Soldiers and militiamen of the Western Provisional Government have finally made it over the Rocky Mountains through some small opposition, and today Cheyenne and Helena both fell to the Sacramento government. Views of the occupation are mixed in Wyoming and Montana, and many people from the cities have fled to their friends or relations out in the country. Still, there are enough new recruits from the northern Rockies to replenish the Californian divisions, which are now racing towards Dakota in an effort to capture Bismarck before the WCA can.
We'll be in Bismarck soon enough!
Let them have the rocks, if they want them.
The Capture of North and South Dakota
The Battle of Bismarck
While western militias had hoped to continue their race towards the Midwest and the Great Lakes, it seems the militia and soldiers of [WCA.GetNameDef] have finally organised themselves enough to methodically encircle both Pierre and Bismarck and force both cities to surrender. Californian forces have been beaten back from Highway 5 on the border between South Dakota and Wyoming, and it seems the race to capture the west is over. Now there will be harder struggles between the socialists and the provisional government.
While General Butler has now assumed enough control within [WCA.GetNameDef] to organise a true campaign into North and South Dakota, western troops arrived in Bismarck quickly enough to prevent full encirclement. Independent North Dakota governor William Langer, formerly aligned with Governor Long, supported the western troops in their fight to expel socialist soldiers from the state. This coalition was powerful enough to halt General Butler's western offensive for now.
Well done, boys!
We'll be back soon enough!
A battle worth fighting.
We'll be back!
Disturbing news.
The Denver Resolution for Democracy
The Denver Conference Resolves for Long
Following the withdrawal of Federal troops from the lower Plains, Republican Governor Carr of Colorado called for a meeting of the Governors of Kansas, Colorado and Nebraska in Denver. While the governors of Colorado and Nebraska were establishment figures, Governor Ketchum of Kansas was a Long-aligned Democrat. This allowed for greater flexibility in choosing their side in the national conflict that is rapidly sinking into war. Ultimately, after a tense few days, the governors decided that the only side truly interested in preserving the Constitution was the provisional government in Sacramento, and their three states have invited in revolting troops to keep the peace.
Following the withdrawal of Federal troops from the lower Plains, Republican Governor Carr of Colorado called for a meeting of the Governors of Kansas, Colorado and Nebraska in Denver. While the governors of Colorado and Nebraska were establishment figures, Governor Ketchum of Kansas was a Long-aligned Democrat. This allowed for greater flexibility in choosing their side in the national conflict that is rapidly sinking into war. Ultimately, after a tense few days, the governors decided that the only side truly interested in helping the American people was Huey Long's government in Louisiana, and the three states have invited in the Minutemen, as well as the developing army loyal to President Long, to keep the peace in the states.
True American patriots, all of you!
They chose... poorly.
Onwards to the Atlantic!
We need to stabilise the front, anyway.
A poor decision.
The Battle of Eads Bridge
Although Federal troops left Missouri some days ago, Governor Stark had not yet declared for any rival government. In an attempt to gain the most favourable position in the Midwest possible, General Butler has dispatched militias to seize St. Louis across the Missouri from Illinois. They encountered Governor Stark's National Guard at Eads Bridge on the border, and skirmishes ensued, as militias on both sides attempted to cross the river around the bridges without success. Finally, the socialist militia managed to break through the defences around the bridges and break into St. Louis and strike, where a 'people's government' was set up. Governor Stark has fled south to Baton Rouge, but Missouri is in the hands of the SPA.
Although Federal troops left Missouri some days ago, Governor Stark had not yet declared for any rival government. In an attempt to gain the most favourable position in the Midwest possible, General Butler has dispatched militias to seize St. Louis across the Missouri from Illinois. They encountered Governor Stark's National Guard at Eads Bridge on the border, and skirmishes ensued, as militias on both sides attempted to cross the river around the bridges without success. Finally, a rogue group of Illinois Minutemen came up from the north and began attacking the WCA forces from behind, which allowed Governor Stark's National Guard to push forward and force the WCA militia to surrender. Governor Stark has now declared Huey Long legitimate President, and Union forces have entered the state to guard the borders.
The revolution grows stronger!
Damn the traitors!
The river held them.
Bandits, criminals, traitors!
Damn them!
Reinforcements Arrive in the East
Although the west may have been snatched up by rebels even more quickly than MacArthur thought, the east is now more securable, with tens of thousands of Federal troops having arrived in Virginia, along with even more volunteers from the West rushing to enlist in the army out East. Our army is growing stronger.
Patriots, to arms!
Federalist Victory in Tennessee
Longist victory in Tennessee
Today, at 8:45 am, Longist militias assaulted Federal defences in Nashville, but they were no match for a professional, organised army. Federal forces were able to repel them with ease, and begin hunting down local partisans in the state. With this victory, MacArthur's control of Tennessee is undisputed for now.
Today, at 8:45 am, Longist militias assaulted Federal defences in Nashville while they were still reorganising from their retreat east. Disorganised National Guardsmen and the few Army units present were quickly surrounded and forced to surrender, and soon the city of Nashville had surrendered to President Long's forces. Across the state, local Minutemen and Longist sympathisers secured the countryside and most towns, and most agree Huey Long's control of Tennessee is undisputed.
Easier than expected.
How did that happen?
That shows the incompetence of those corrupt feds.
It doesn't matter, we will take it, sooner or later.
Not our business.
Federalists Routed in Kentucky
Federalists Routed in Kentucky
After losing Tennessee, Kentucky became indefensible for Federal forces. Thus, General MacArthur has decided to retreat eastwards and to abandon the state, hoping to retake it as soon as possible. For now, Congress can only watch while Longist and Syndicalist militias covered the streets of Louisville and Frankfort in blood, a bloodbath that soon turned towards the Syndicalists. Their militia managed to surround Frankfort after the fall of Louisville, and soon captured the rest of the state.
After losing Tennessee, Kentucky became indefensible for Federal forces. Thus, General MacArthur has decided to retreat eastwards and to abandon the state, hoping to retake it as soon as possible. For now, though, it seems Long's forces have expelled the Syndicalist militias and soldiers from Kentucky, after some brief fighting at Louisville ended with the destruction of the bridges over the Ohio and the rout of Reed's militia.
We kicked the man from Louisiana out of Louisville!
We'll be back over that river soon.
A big win!
How could we have messed that up?
All we can do for now is wait...
Disturbing.
Longist Forces Repelled from North Carolina
With most of the Longist forces advancing in the west, holding North Carolina wasn't difficult at all. Federalist forces repelled easily the few Longist militias that assaulted Charlotte, and it may be assumed that there probably are few Longist defences in South Carolina as well.
North Carolina Falls to Baton Rouge Government
Although many Longist resources had been diverted west, the Baton Rouge government still clearly had enough militia to surround the city of Charlotte in North Carolina, and, after brief street fighting, capture it. Throughout the state, North Carolinian militia obeyed the order of their new puppet governor to surrender to Huey Long's forces.
Not unexpected.
Damn!
Ready on the Virginian border!
We have fallen for a trap!
The Longists have been turned back.
The Federal government looks shaky.
The Capture of Charleston
Federalist Infiltration Beaten Off in South Carolina
Correctly assuming that Longist troops were still disorganised and unable to beat off a determined assault, USMC troops redeployed from Arizona have executed a successful naval assault on Charleston in partnership with local militia. President Long's National Guard in the city were confused by contradictory reports and soon overwhelmed, eventually surrendering after a brief fight. President MacArthur's move is being cheered in Washington as a move of military genius, while reports from Sacramento and Baton Rouge have declared the move an open attack on the people of the United States.
Incorrectly assuming that Longist troops were still too disorganised to defend Charleston, General MacArthur launched a combined naval and partisan assault on Charleston. Unfortunately, USMC landing craft were blown off course in their makeshift boats before being shelled by Longist cruisers in the Charleston harbour, while partisans around the city were suppressed and forced back into hiding without fresh supplies. South Carolina is now even more firmly in the hands of Huey Long's government.
General MacArthur pulled it off!
It was a long shot, anyway.
A natural victory.
We'll be back!
Fighting is bad for everybody.
The Siege of New York City
It seems foreign agitators were already active in America, as French and British provocateurs and agents have incited New York City's poorer boroughs to revolution. Many businessmen who could not escape have been lynched, but the mob violence has been quieted by the arrival of trained organisers, both civilian and military, from Britain and France. The National Guard has surrounded the city in a loose siege stretching from Newark to Yonkers, preventing socialist militias from entering or leaving the city, but not yet attempting an assault on Manhattan.
Keep the port open!
We can wait.
A sad fate for a great city.
The Strike at Philadelphia
The Battle of Philadelphia
General MacArthur knew, like Lee and Howe before him, that Philadelphia was the key to the Mid-Atlantic region. Components of the 3rd Infantry entered Pennsylvania early this week by way of West Chester, and in coordination with other regiments assembled in Camden and National Guardsmen assembled at Havertown began an assault on downtown Philadelphia, successfully making their way across both the Schuylkill and Delaware Rivers in an attempt to capture the Federal Courthouse and Frankford Arsenal before local street resistance could assemble to stop them. The operation was remarkably successful, but a socialist counterattack was soon felt once the Federal troops managed to capture the city and advance along the Ship-to-Shore highway northwest. A pitched battle began between the forces of General Butler, based in Allentown, and General Bowley in Philadelphia near Lansdale. Attempts were made to clear the area of civilians, but soon thousands were dead after artillery strikes began, and it became evident the reconquest of Pennsylvania was not going to be easy.\n\nAll across the splintered and fractured nation, the splinter factions have seen their chance to begin offensive operations against all competing governments, and from Minnesota to North Carolina, from New York City to New Mexico, skirmishes and civil unrest have at last escalated to battles. It is clear to all that the Second American Civil War has begun.
General MacArthur knew, like Lee and Howe before him, that Philadelphia was the key to the Mid-Atlantic. Components of the 3rd Infantry entered Pennsylvania early this week by way of West Chester, and in coordination with other regiments assembled in Camden and National Guardsmen assembled at Havertown began an assault on downtown Philadelphia. Union members prepared major east-west streets, with fallback lines reaching all the way back to Broad Street, cut the bridges over the Delaware and Schuylkill, and telephoned General Butler's forces in Allentown to coordinate counterattacks. While the initial Federal assault rolled down the Main Line with little friction, Federal attempts to cross the river near the Market Street bridge were greatly disrupted by syndicalist local activity, and soon General Butler's long-range guns, evacuated from the Frankford Arsenal the week before, were causing havoc in Federal supply lines. An exasperated President MacArthur eliminated all restrictions on his troops in the region, and the fighting became increasingly messy. Nevertheless, the Federal forces were mostly pushed back over the border to Maryland.\n\nAll across the splintered and fractured nation, the splinter factions have seen their chance to begin offensive operations against all competing governments, and from Minnesota to North Carolina, from New York City to New Mexico, skirmishes and civil unrest have at last escalated to battles. It is clear to all that the Second American Civil War has begun.
It's now or never! To war, for America!
We'll be back! No more restrictions, we're at war!
Push our advantage! To war!
We need to reach New York, and soon! To battle!
It's our moment to strike! To arms!
General MacArthur Mobilises Against New England
Although the British Crown had previously refused intervention in America, the governors of Maine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York and Connecticut have renewed their request for protection following an ultimatum by President MacArthur to the New Englander governors to allow Federalist troops to enter their states to fight the syndicalist rebels in the north. While aiding the Federal government was our original plan, it is possible that MacArthur's government is not as stable as we thought. Should we issue a counter-ultimatum?
MacArthur can do as he wishes.
We must protect New England!
Canada Seizes New England
Concerning news from the northern front! Canada seized and occupied New England while Federalist forces were still reorganising after their retreat eastwards. This is not a surprising move considering that the New England governors asked Canada to do so, but without New England, the Federalist position is greatly weakened.
We need to focus on the traitors for now.
Once the war is finished, we'll take it back!
The Newark Rout
After the loss of New England, Federalist forces have been repelled from New Jersey too. Syndicalist rebels from New York broke the siege and overrun General MacArthur's forces in Newark, and received General Smedley Butler's reinforcements from Pennsylvania, who then proceeded to occupy the eastern half of that state. However, General MacArthur had sent reinforcements to New Jersey as well, and as they attempted to cross the Delaware they ran into heavy socialist resistance in Camden. Quickly taking up positions under the command of a Lieutenant Daniel Daly, the two sides began a large-scale firefight, and as more reinforcements entered the area, a small border conflict has finally bloomed into a full blown battle.\n\nAll across the fractured nation, the splinter factions have seen their chance to begin offensive operations against all competing governments, and from Minnesota to North Carolina, from New York City to New Mexico, skirmishes and civil unrest have escalated to full-scale battles. It is clear to all that the Second American Civil War has begun.
We can't lose our advantage! To war!
'Come on, you sons of bitches, you want to live forever?!'
It's our moment to strike! To arms!
New England Submits to MacArthur
We have received news that the New England governors asked Canada for protection, but the government in Ottawa refused. Without Canadian protection, the governors asked General MacArthur for protection from the syndicalist forces. While the states may not be entirely behind MacArthur, they are at least resolved to see him as their best chance for avoiding war.
With New England secured, we can now focus our efforts on besieging New York.
This is not good...
Damn.
WCA Partisans in Buffalo
Although President MacArthur's troops have compelled the obedience and loyalty of Governor Lehman of New York in Albany, it seems that even more of the state than New York City has slipped from his control. Remnant strikers from recent disturbances in Rochester and Buffalo have been joined by partisans of Reed's government in Chicago, who have united to overthrow the city government and invite WCA soldiers to protect the state. Sensing an opportunity to get closer to New York City, General Butler has ordered an advance up to the Susquehanna's source and Niagara Falls.
Although the British-Canadian government has accepted the New York governor's request to secure his state's neutrality, in the western part of the state British-Canadian troops have arrived too slowly to prevent General Butler's WCA soldiers from advancing into the cities of Buffalo and Rochester, there meeting up with pro-socialist partisans, and moving to a defensible line from the mouth of the Susquehanna to Niagara Falls. The WCA has established their own state government in Buffalo, and it seems the state will remain split until either the WCA or Canada seize the rest in war.
Super!
At least we still surround New York City.
Terrible.
Longist Uprising Suppressed in New Jersey
Even with Charles Lindbergh fleeing to Baton Rouge, a Longist attempt to seize Newark and the northern Jersey Shore as a base to hold out until reinforcements from the south arrived was still strong enough to divert Federal troops from the siege of New York. Nevertheless, put down it was, and although resistance was fierce in the streets of Newark, MacArthur's men have re-asserted control. These troops have now returned to Yonkers and Philadelphia, and organised offensives into rebellious states are being planned.
We did what we had to do.
We will avenge them soon!
We will crush the tyrant ourselves!
Congress Removes to Denver
The evacuation of the East coast commenced yesterday as General MacArthur, the cabinet, the temporary Speaker of the House, and many Congressmen boarded planes to Denver, the temporary capital of the United States. Many junior members of government, left behind for now, are unsure how to react to the situation, with some burning confidential documents from government ministries and even the Library of Congress, from which the original Constitution was flown out to Denver. Protesters in the streets are still being suppressed by local police, but most of the National Guard and Army have boarded trains headed west. This morning General MacArthur addressed the rump Congress in a secret joint session, outlining his plan for suppressing civil unrest in the west before defeating Reed and Long in the East.
I shall return!
The Long Road West
General MacArthur has made his decision to abandon the old seat of power on the east coast, and that means moving everything to Denver - all of the armed forces, all the ammunitions, everything that can be moved via land. We can only hope that everything will go according to General MacArthur's secret plan, and that the traitors to the north and south will not attack our troops during the westward retreat.
There's no turning back now.
Increased National Guard Clashes
America's unity is quickly breaking down as President MacArthur reconsolidates in the west. Riots in the Mid-Atlantic and Appalachian regions are spreading unchecked, and the east may fall to rebels before we can suppress dissent in the west. Meanwhile, unrest on the East Coast masks our westward redeployment from hostile media, and rebellious factions in the west and Plains are facing their own internal disorder: strikers in Oregon and Washington clash with National Guardsmen, some loyal to Denver, others following their governors in recognising Sacramento's rebellion, while Texan loyalist militia muster in San Antonio.
America's unity is quickly breaking down as General MacArthur's dictatorship alienates more and more citizens. We have a prime opportunity in the East to take Tennessee, Kentucky, and Virginia from the faltering Federal government, with General Patton recommending an aggressive push. However, reports show that Federalist resistance in Texas and Oklahoma is intensifying, so an eastward advance could expose us to attacks in the west.
America's unity is rapidly breaking down as General MacArthur's dictatorship alienates more and more citizens. We appear to be the first target of his armies assembling in the Great Plains, and popular resistance has already arisen to our governors' decision to align with Sacramento in Oregon and Washington. Some state representatives of [ACC.GetNameDef] reportedly regret our decision to declare a rival government. Our union is under great threat.
America's unity is rapidly breaking down as popular movements seek to overthrow their oppressors in Washington, Denver, Sacramento, and Baton Rouge. The Federal army appears to be undertaking no offensive moves in the east against the strikers, but it is hard to pinpoint its exact plan of action. Newly defected General Smedley Butler is recommending a strike to secure the old capital and Virginia, before taking New England and Kentucky. These are seen as more valuable prizes than the Midwest, as well as the most threatening should the dictator Long seize them before us.
Good news perhaps?
We have to push northeast first.
Traitors to democracy in our very midst!
We must take D.C.!
Passing Through Chattanooga
Federal divisions passed through the city of Chattanooga, Tennessee, by train to reach Denver. Although the city lies on the border with Mississippi, currently controlled by the southern traitors, our troops reached Missouri without firing a single shot. This was possible by the Longists' general staff preparing an attack on North Carolina, viewing it as a weaker area more valuable to secure. Thus, our forces travelled west with zero casualties.
All according to plan.
Federalist Militias Seize Southern Texas
Although Texas has firmly declared allegiance to Huey Long, forces loyal to the Federal government have fiercely contested control and so far secured victory across the southern regions of the state. Governor James Allred has been declared a traitor by southern mayors, who appear seem determined to confront their fellow citizens in the rest of the state if the civil war escalates.
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.
Traitors everywhere!
Long's cause seems to be losing support.
The Arkansas River Campaign
Following the fall of Southern Texas, Arkansas and Oklahoma too have been overrun by Federal militias, despite their governors declaring support for Huey Long. With these states and San Antonio firmly in Federal hands, Houston and Austin will probably fall soon, and MacArthur will gain access to the Texan oil fields for his army.
We need to move quickly before Patton reinforces its positions.
What do they expect to accomplish with that?
Federal Troops Cross the Mississippi
While Governor Stark of Missouri has been aligned with Huey Long for the past two elections, in view of an army of Federal militias and soldiers pouring into his state to spread out west, he has condemned the Baton Rouge government for attempted dictatorship, and affirmed his loyalty to President MacArthur. With almost all land west of the Mississippi north of Texas secure, Federal troops are now readying for an envelopment of Texas and a strike across the Rockies against Sacramento. Our position in the West seems secure.
The advance begins here!
The Fall of Houston
As expected, loyalist militias from San Antonio and Oklahoma have overrun the disorganised Longist militias in Houston and Austin before General Danford could reinforce his positions. Dallas fell soon after, and with the fall of those three key cities, all of Texas is firmly under Federal control, and Governor James Allred was captured before he could escape.
Baton Rouge is close now.
It doesn't matter; they won't control those oil fields for long.
Chaos in the East
As our troops left, everything east to Saint Louis has collapsed into total anarchy, and we expect Longist and Syndicalist militias to divide the spoils in the east. However, that means they'll be busy there fighting each other, and we can now fully focus on dealing with the Constitutionalist rebels.
We will take California soon.
North Carolina Declares For Huey Long
Newly elected North Carolina Governor Clyde Hoey, since seeing Federal troops leaving the east coast, has pledged his support for Huey Long's government, seeking both protection from the Syndicalist forces in the north and from the riots that plagued the state since General MacArthur's forces withdrew. In this way, however, General Patton's forces are incredibly close to the strategic city of Norfolk, and now a race to seize Virginia first has begun.
Next stop: Virginia!
The race for Virginia has begun.
The Race for Virginia
After crossing North Carolina, General Patton's forces met something they didn't expect - General Butler's forces in Richmond. Apparently, they converged from West Virginia and seized Virginia without resistance before General Patton could act. Patton has retreated over the border, leaving a small guard in Norfolk.
Early this morning, General Butler's forces were repelled from Richmond by General Patton's forces, after crossing an unexpectedly large distance in a short time, compared to the syndicalist forces. With this victory, Virginia is firmly under Huey Long's control, for now.
Good job, General Butler.
We need to be faster next time.
Well done, General Patton.
Whatever; it just means we will come back for it later.
Not our business.
Scramble for the Corridor
After fierce fighting, Syndicalist forces took control of Tennessee and Kentucky, making important gains against Longist forces. With this new development, forces hostile to General MacArthur now control everything east of the Mississippi River.
After fierce fighting, Longist forces took control of Tennessee and Kentucky, making important gains against Syndicalist forces. With this new development, forces hostile to General MacArthur now control everything east of the Mississippi River.
One step closer to freeing all the workers of America!
We need to repel that corrupt dictator soon!
One step closer to destroying the old corrupt regime!
We need to repel those godless syndies soon!
The Mississippi River will be covered in blood again.
The Red Flag Over Washington
As socialist and Longist forces battled on the borders of Virginia, SPA-aligned militias finally reached the abandoned capital. The city, devoid of any military presence, was taken easily, with the historic landmarks and the rivers over the Potomac to Alexandria being secured by militia first. Since there seemed to be no sign of a counter-assault, the militia soon began transforming the National Mall and other sites, with the most attention being paid to the Capitol. Hauling down the old flag from over the home of fled Congress, soldiers paused for photographs and interviews with socialist and local newspapers before gathering to cheer as the flag of the WCA was raised over D.C. at last.
No more will Congress oppress the workers!
The capital must be liberated soon!
MacArthur Repels WCA Assault in Minnesota
Although the SPA captured the state legislature of Minnesota in the 1936 election, they were unable to make good on the promise of a socialist Minnesota, as Governor Peterson of the Farmer-Labor Party used the state's National Guard to hold out in Minneapolis long enough for MacArthur's soldiers to reach the state, repel the militia from Wisconsin and crush the strikers in Minnesota itself. The Workers' Congress has been stymied in their advance west, and the newly formed command staff is reportedly considering southern and eastern strikes instead, to push their advantage against Huey Long's forces.
Next up: Chicago!
Bad news.
New England in Desperate Straits
Although the Crown had previously refused the request of New England's governors to ensure their neutrality, since the cabinet had deemed further endangerment of the military position of the Federal government unwise, the renewed request last night has brought a different reaction. With the only alternative to British-Canadian intervention in the region being occupation by the forces of [WCA.GetNameDef], even cabinet and Privy Council Americophiles have warmed to the idea of intervening. Should the British-Canadian government act?
We must remain neutral.
The people of New England need us; we must help them!
Canada Seizes New England
The push on D.C. seems to have given the British Empire to our north the notion that we were a threat. They have accepted the request for protection by the traitorous governors of New England. Our forces were unable to make any headway in the North-East before encountering Canadian troops. New Jersey, however, fell to our militia and Internationale allies in New York City before the Entente forces could reinforce it.
The socialist push on D.C. seems to have given the British Empire to our north the idea that they were a real threat. They have accepted the request for protection by the governors of New England, and they are now eyeing the socialists across the border. WCA forces were unable to make any headway before encountering Canadian troops. The state of New Jersey, however, has fallen to their militia and Internationale allies in New York City before we could reinforce it.
The British are back in Boston!
At least the socialists didn't take Boston.
Socialist Drive into New England
Socialist militia and soldiers have quickly occupied New England in the aftermath of their assault on Washington, D.C. Although there was little resistance, it is clear that there are few friends of the new regime in the historic heartland of the Republican Party, and many are still hoping Canada will save them. For now, though, the WCA is in full control of New England.
Great!
We'll be back for them soon!
The socialists are growing strong.
War Begins in Oregon
With the withdrawal of the Federal government west, it was clear that General MacArthur intended to strike [ACC.GetNameDef] first, seeing them as the most isolated threat. Coming over the Rocky Mountains with the last snows of winter, the 2nd and 14th Army Divisions commenced an organised attack on Oregon and the southern part of Washington. National Guardsmen in those states either sided with President MacArthur or were forced to surrender. The forces of the Denver government soon took Portland and Yakima, and the governors of Washington and Oregon surrendered to spare themselves syndicalist agitation and war. The 3rd, 2nd, and 14th Divisions are now preparing to take California, but the Californians have already begun a counterattack, just as the Longists strike towards Arkansas once more, and the WCA moves on North Carolina.\n\nAll across the splintered and fractured nation, the splinter factions have seen their chance to begin offensive operations against all competing governments, and from Minnesota to North Carolina, from New York City to New Mexico, skirmishes and civil unrest have at last escalated to battles. It is clear to all that the Second American Civil War has begun.
With the withdrawal of the Federal government west, it was clear that General MacArthur intended to strike [ACC.GetNameDef] first, seeing them as the most isolated threat. Coming over the Rocky Mountains with the last snows of winter, the 2nd Army Division commenced an organised attack on Oregon and the southern part of Washington. Happily for the defenders, an early warning through militias in Oregon roused the Californian guard out to defend La Grande, managing to push out the Army from the state. The 3rd, 2nd, and 14th Divisions are now preparing a defence in Idaho and Nevada, but the Californians have already begun a counterattack, just as the Longists strike towards Arkansas once more, and the WCA moves on North Carolina.\n\nAll across the splintered and fractured nation, the splinter factions have seen their chance to begin offensive operations against all competing governments, and from Minnesota to North Carolina, from New York City to New Mexico, skirmishes and civil unrest have at last escalated to battles. It is clear to all that the Second American Civil War has begun.
California cannot resist us alone.
We have to strike at Portland!
We showed them!
Traitors everywhere!
To war!
Trial of the New England General Staff
With New England's rebellion against our rule crushed, we have secured the breakaway region that sought refuge under the Canadian arm in 1937. Two prominent generals from the opposition were Leslie Groves and Mark Clark of New England. As they await their fate, many have begun to wonder if these men were simply forced into fighting against us by the Canadians who did not wish to see their chunk of America returned home. No evidence points to any serious offences committed by either man in their defence of New England. Furthermore, both men promise to faithfully serve the flag of [ROOT.GetNameDef] if they can receive a formal pardon from our government.
Issue them a pardon
They cannot be trusted
A small portion of the army will desert to [FROM.GetNameDef]!\n\n§gThis will result in a reduction of 25% org and a 5% strength hit across the entire front. We need to push into enemy land to avoid repeated desertions in the future!§!
A small portion of the army will desert to [FROM.GetNameDef]!\n\n§gThis will result in a reduction of 25% org and a 10% strength hit for units in [acw_state_control_changed.GetName]. We need to keep the enemy from seizing state capitals to avoid repeated desertions in the future!§!
Desertions At The Front
With the recent fall of [acw_state_control_changed.GetName] to [acw_new_controller.GetNameDef], the morale amongst [acw_old_controller.GetAdjective] troops has fallen to a new low. There are even reports that small numbers of troops have begun to desert the [acw_old_controller.GetAdjective] army and make their way through [acw_new_controller.GetAdjective] lines to fight alongside [acw_new_controller.GetNameDef].
We need to shore up morale!
Desertions At The Front
With the recent fall of [acw_state_control_changed.GetName] to [acw_new_controller.GetNameDef], the morale amongst [acw_old_controller.GetAdjective] troops has fallen to a new low. There are even reports that small numbers of troops have begun to desert the [acw_old_controller.GetAdjective] army and make their way through [acw_new_controller.GetAdjective] lines to fight alongside [acw_new_controller.GetNameDef].
Welcome to the liberation!
Growing Desertions on the Frontlines
While they may have initially held the wishful idea of victory, the armies of [acw_losing_side.GetNameDef] have been suffering logistical and morale issues due to their recently lost control of their territories. As a result, our intelligence has reported that despite their propaganda claiming eventual total victory, their home front and frontlines have been crippled with poor morale and defeatism.\n\nAs the civil war drags on, and American fights American - small numbers of their armed forces have begun sneaking across the battlefield into our lines to defect to our forces. Seeing our cause as just and perhaps wanting to end on the right side of history, they have offered their services to the armed forces of [acw_winning_side.GetNameDef], pledging loyalty to the rightful government of America!
Our cause is just!
Our Troops Defect!
When we entered the fray, we understood the difficulty and the trials to come as the lesser faction of the American Civil War. Despite the best efforts of our military high command and civilian industries, our forces have suffered successive defeats along the front lines, and civilians are beginning to experience the hardships of war. As a result, frontline officers report an increasing amount of logistical and morale issues to the military high command.\n\nSadly, this has also included the numerous detachments of our armed forces who have seen our cause as lost and have begun to defect to [acw_winning side.GetNameDef]. As American fights American in the civil war, they see our position as unwinnable and have decided to join what they believe to be the rightful side of history. While we will issue strict orders to enforce discipline, our situation grows more hopeless by the day.
We will not tolerate treason on the front lines!
