Free Russian Focus Tree
Russia
Russian
Russia
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Socialist Republic
the Russian Socialist Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Russian Republic
the Russian Democratic Federative Republic
Free Russia
Free Russian
Free Russia
Free Russian Army
Free Russian
the Free Russian Army
Disgraced General
Marshal of the Old Republic
Russian Caesar
KSR - Esers-Maximalists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Maksimovites
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Esers-Spiridonovists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Social Democrats
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Esers
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Kadets
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Conservatives
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
KSR - Boldyrevites
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
OHL
German General Staff
KSR - Nationalists
Komitet Svobodnoy Rossii (Committee for a Free Russia)
-
-
GUV
RGTZ
Low Popular Support
Growing Popular Support
Moderate Popular Support
An Army Without a State
Free Army With Free State
Eastern European Recruitment Campaign
There are many Russians who fled the current Russian regime to Ukraine, Belarus or the Baltics. They should have motivation to join our cause!
Free Russian Army
General Boldyrev has worked tirelessly to build the institutions of a modern army for his forces, starting with a Stavka of the Free Russian Forces.
Improvised War Industry
Reichsbank Debt
Anti-Authoritarian Fervour
Anti-Socialist Fervour
Looming Collapse
Era of Rebuilding
Starting Anew
Collapse of the Army
Rebuilding the Russian Army
Don Basin Economic Area
Integration into Mitteleuropa
Republic in Armour
The Siberian War
German Influence
An unfortunate reality of our righteous cause to free the Russian people from tyranny once more is a deal with the devil. As we march through our own country, we march armed in German gear, fighting alongside German soldiers, with even our §aCouncil of Liberation§! including representatives of the Heer. If we prove ourselves to be a valuable ally, for the time being at least, they may even afford to help us advance our army's technology and training up to par with elite German units - and after the peace, by shedding blood in ranks of the Heer, we can expect a seat in the peace negotiations.\n\nWhile German support is an unquestionable advantage in the liberation of Russia, we cannot possibly call ourselves the flame of democracy if we do not listen to the will of our own people. We must also consider the effects of an overabundance of §PGerman influence§!: too much aid from the Germans, and our countrymen may believe they are simply trading a boot made in Moscow for a boot made in Berlin.\n\n§PGerman influence§! is tied to our $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ popularity, and is currently at: [?RSA.party_popularity@paternal_autocrat|H%0]\n
Expand the Corps
Find Military Contracts
We are the last priority for the German military industry, and in practice, acquiring quality armaments relies on us being lucky. Perhaps we can find a German company with a stockpile of Weltkrieg surplus or something equally outdated if we are fortunate.
§PMauser WK1 Surplus§!
§NKrupp WK1 Surplus§!
§cCheap Opel & Hanomag§!
§gUsed Locomotives§!
§nLightly Bruised Armour§!
Prepare Offensive Operation
Ruhr Contracts
Recruit POWs
Saving the Russian Republic
Why are we here? Just to suffer? Every day, Russian blood is shed in service of tyrants and liars of the Kremlin. One can only wonder what man can do against reckless hate. Too much blood has been spilt for the great Russian Republic and its values of freedom and equality to give up now, and go to the bitter end.\n\nIf it is to be our end, let it be remembered that Russian democracy did not go gently but died kicking and screaming. The New Volunteer Army shall, in General Alekseyev's words, 'light a torch, so that there is at least one bright point among the darkness that has engulfed Russia...'\n
Prepare the Caucasus Uprising
Conscript in [FROM.GetName]
Counter [FROM.GetAdjective] Claims
§YVoronezh§!, §YKursk§! and the §YNorth Caucasus§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
§YSmolensk§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
§YPetrozavodsk§! will remain in Russian hands at the end of the war.
Restoring Russian Glory
Russian democracy has survived, beaten and battered, but we are here. The price was terrible, in both life and land lost. As the German eagle soars over the world, we must make peace with this new world - but we do not need to accept it unconditionally. Russia is still a Great Power and deserves its own realm even in a German-dominated world.
Talks with [FROM.GetNameDef]
To reclaim our position n the world stage, we need allies. With Europe dominated by Germany and its client states, we must turn our eyes further, overseas, towards [FROM.GetNameDef] and their bloc.
We may attempt to break away from the German sphere.
§RYou can only choose one alliance if multiple are available.§!
Take Siberia
§CWith our current position in the war, the war will end with [FER.GetNameDef] §rgaining all of Siberia§!. Fight on!§!
§CWith our current position in the war, the war will end with a white peace. Should we occupy §YBlagoveshchensk§!, §YKhabarovsk§!, §YVladivostok§!, we will certainly §Gbe victorious§!.§!
Since we currently occupy §YBlagoveshchensk§!, §YKhabarovsk§!, §YVladivostok§!, we will certainly §Gbe victorious§!!
The Second Russian Civil War
The time of exile in Berlin is over! The tyrants in Moscow who have plagued Russia for far too long, and have plunged Eastern Europe into war, have now finally provided the opportunity to launch the war to restore democracy. Even if some may despise the reliance on our German allies, without their assistance our efforts are futile, and without us Germany risks imposing a worse peace on a defeated Russia.
Government of the Liberated Territories
For too long, the people of Russia have thought Boldyrev a traitor and collaborator with the Germans, but with the liberation of parts of the country, the time has come to declare a proper rival government to Moscow. A message to be recognised across the nation that the RSA fights for a Russia free from tyranny and extremism.
The Boldyrevites
Some might suggest that it would be best to cooperate with the political forces in occupied Russia who still wish to see Russia's democracy return, but where were these groups in 1929 when Boldyrev tried to save the republic? Democracy will return to Russia, but it cannot be before the war has ended, and until then the people must rally around Boldyrev and those who stayed with him even in exile.
The Popular Front
The 1929 coup against the government was an effort to save Russia's democracy from the perils of growing extremism presented by the SZRS. Now, with radical forces in control of much of the nation and the RSA as the last bastion of Russian democracy, the political elements of the nation that have been repressed for years will be welcomed to join the struggle for freedom.
Struggle for Russia
This war is not fought as a means of territorial concessions or economic influence; this war is a struggle for the very soul of the motherland. A battle to save Russia from the worst parts of itself. Russia can still avoid the successes of 1917 and 1922 becoming undone, so long as the people of the nation are willing to fight to stop it.
Lay the Foundations
No war can last forever, and eventually the time will come when the forces of [RUS.GetName] have been defeated. Once this time comes, there will be no need to fight longer than necessary, and discussions can begin to end the fighting. The preparations must be made for bringing a swift end to the fighting but also for what will need to be done afterwards.
Punish the Traitors
Even now, as the motherland's people continue to hear Boldyrev's calls for liberation, the [RUS.GetRulingParty] propaganda is spewed, all calling Boldyrev a traitor to Russia, when it is they who have betrayed the people of Russia. Those who have betrayed Russia by washing away all that was fought for during the First Civil War and crushing the will of the people under their boot. Those who have held up its system or continue to try and fight under its banner must be dealt with severely.
Denounce State Terror
Those who rule through fear do so only because they inspire no loyalty or love in the people. Savinkov's obsession with terrorism and violence can only ever lead to Russia becoming a hollowed-out shell of a nation. These policies will be throughly rejected. There must never be another Savinkov.
Enemies of Our Enemy
Finding allies in a war can be hard; thankfully, the many purges by the Svobodniks have given many groups of people who, while having no love for each other, have more than enough reasons to despise Savinkov. It was the infighting after the death of Chernov that allowed for the SZRS to fully take control of the nation. Any attempt to oust them must ensure unity in the movement against them.
Unite the Resistance
The Russian red underground, under the All-Russian Combat Organisation, has been fighting Savinkov ever since he came to power. We frankly share little in common with many of these more fanatical socialists, but we can still ensure that after the war is over, they will not be able to greatly influence the republic. For now, we need to ally with them - anything to bring down the Savinkovist tyranny.
The Last Volunteer Army
We can only return if there is God's grace. But we need to light a torch, so that there is at least one bright point among the darkness that has engulfed Russia...
Resistance of the Faithful
The contempt and hate the socialists have for the church is obvious to any who hear their words for it. Contacts with church communities have provided a way for fostering further resistance and support for fellow anti-socialist groups deeper into the nation. The reds could not destroy the church in the First Civil War; they will not do it in this one.
Another White Movement
It was the white army who brought down the Bolsheviks once, and now, under General Boldyrev, the white movement is uniting against the second red terror. History will vindicate us: we were victorious once, we will be victorious again. All arms against those who seek to desecrate our Russian flag!
Contact Semyonov
Grigory Semyonov is many things - above all a bandit - but what matters is that he is fighting [RUS.GetLeader]'s forces. We need to ensure that after the war is over, he hands over his domain peacefully, so that there may be no more bloodshed.
The Recruitment Issue
The fact is that, under the current circumstances, the recruitment of new soldiers is difficult at best. If the Free Army is to avoid being bled to death, then a substantial effort will be needed to reach out to the Russians living across Eastern Europe outside Russia and towards making those captured soldiers see that fighting for our cause is the only way to save Russia.
Rekindle Volunteerism
When the initial call to arms was given for the nation to rise up against the [RUS.GetRulingParty], there were many who eagerly volunteered to serve. Reviving this spirit will be vital to turning the Free Army into a force capable of liberating Russia and proving it to the nation.
The Underground Orchestra
We cannot accomplish the dream of a Free Russia if we are simply tagging along with German and allied forces. No, the Free Russian Army must be greater. We will do everything we can to cause passive or active resistance against the war, far away from the frontlines, disrupting supply and communications.
Councils for Mobilisation
It will not endear the movement for liberation to the people, but an army composed solely of volunteers will not be able to stand up to the lengths the tyrants will go to in order to win. Councils for mobilising the residents of the liberated territories will be established to ensure that what has been liberated does not fall back to the extremists.
Radio 'Liberty'
A core problem with spreading the message of freeing Russia is fighting the propaganda hiding the true horrors of the tyrants and portraying Boldyrev's cause as only that of a self-interested bootlicker. The creation of a special radio station designed to spread the message of freedom from extremist dictatorship deep into Russia, and why Boldyrev and all righteous Russians have chosen to fight against it.
The Commissariat of Armed Forces
While functional during the exile in Berlin and the initial days of the war, the current organisation of the army is not suitable with the expansion in size that has occurred since. The Commissariat of Armed Forces shall be established to ensure proper management of the army and what little of an airforce is possessed.
Impose Discipline
Opportunists pose a perhaps greater threat to our movement than the Kremlin's forces themselves - many everyday Russians see no point in joining arms with the free forces if all they perceive us to be is a bunch of collaborators and bandits. If we are to fix this, strict hierarchy and discipline must be enforced over the entire army.
Organise Shock Units
Russia is a vast nation, but securing control over it will likely require costly battles over its major cities and the breaking of defensive positions. Naturally, Boldyrev has a solution for such problems through specialised units for urban assaults and attacking fortified positions. No amount of bunkers will stop the liberation of Russia!
Free Cossack Corps
The Cossacks have long been a people with grievances towards the Russian government and a spirit for war. The extremists controlling much of the nation have only managed to inflame these tensions. Allying with the Cossack Hosts could provide much-needed additional soldiers and inspire potential defectors.
Landsberg Military School
With new officers leading our army, we need new facilities to train them. We shall found a Russian military school in Prussia specifically tasked with this purpose, which will merge the best attributes of German and Russian military education.
Partisan Central Command
Turning the discontented man into a partisan capable of functioning deep in enemy territory takes a substantial effort. Organising the multiple partisan networks under a larger network will allow for a streamlined process for creating partisan forces and for coordinating these partisans with the events on the frontlines.
Integrate Manoeuvre Warfare
During the times in exile in Germany and even now as the Germany army fights to assist in the cause of restoring Russian democracy, certain ideas from the German army about armoured units cleaving through enemy positions and out-manoeuvring them have become an interest point as a way to ensure a tactical superiority over the enemy.
Free Russian Spirit
The army of Free Russia is one made up of those who were willing to bravely take a stand against the extremism that corrupted Russia, an army not willing to break no matter the outlook. So long as this spirit holds, the dream of the liberation of the motherland lives on.
First Guards Corps
With the limited industry available and the ideas of manoeuvre warfare circulating, the creation of an armoured corps is no longer a pipe-dream but a real possibility. For now, this corps will provide a use for armour captured from the enemy until proper tank production can begin.
Central Logistics Service
The need for proper logistics management is unavoidable for any army. Management to ensure proper logistics will be centralised to ensure proper distribution of what resources there are and the creation of new equipment. All the equipment in the world means nothing if only one division has it.
Improvised Industry
As a true industrial base is not fully available, a system of workshops will be created from purchased and captured machine tools. Situated just behind our lines, these workshops may not be capable of extensive production, but their makeshift nature means that if properly organised, they can be moved from the streets at short notice.
Mobile Repair Companies
Often, captured equipment needs to be repaired and takes time before it can be properly used; however, the creation of dedicated groups for repairing this equipment as quickly as possible will allow for more equipment to be used. Some of this equipment that is repaired may not be able to be fully fixed, but one must take what they can get.
The Main Directorate of Armaments
Equipment production must be carefully managed to ensure that the soldiers of the army have what they need to fight. The liberation of portions of Russia means that the creation of a directorate for the sole purpose of managing armament production can now be established to do such.
Expand German Aid
The dream of valiantly reclaiming the motherland cannot be achieved with only the limited industrial capacity available. Our German allies have an ample supply of resources that could be used to strengthen our forces if persuaded.
German Credit
As distasteful as it is, the need for equipment outweighs it. An offer to purchase even more equipment will be put forward that will plunge the movement into debt to Germany, one that will take years to fully repay. This debt will give Germany a significant weight to make demands of Boldyrev, but the cost may be worth it.
Aviation Contracts
Despite how vital it is, producing a sizable amount of aircraft is simply not an option. Fortunately, there exists the ability to reach out to our allies who can produce aircraft to be purchased. There may be complaints that this further drives the cause of liberation deeper into foreign influence, but anything must be considered to keep the army in fighting condition.
Declare a Free Russia
Each passing day brings the liberation of more and more of Russia as the soldiers and people of the nation hear the call for freedom. No longer can the Free Russian Army be called merely a government with an army holding only small portions of the country. Boldyrev's Russia is Russia - a Free Russia unshackled by tyrants, be they Tsars, Reds, or Svobodniks.
$RUS_country_intro_background$
$RUS_country_intro_header$
$RUS_country_intro_content$
$RUS_country_intro_header_1$
$RUS_country_intro_content_1$
$RUS_country_intro_header_2$
$RUS_country_intro_content_2$
$RUS_country_intro_header_3$
$RUS_country_intro_content_3$
§MBoldyrev§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fight the Second Weltkrieg against §nSavinkovist Russia§! and have Boldyrev win the election.\n\n§MBoldyrev§! ($market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Fight the Second Weltkrieg against §SSocialist Russia§! and have Boldyrev win the election.\n\nLosing the post-war election leads to a variation of normal Democratic Russia content with no new content.
§RWe will be annexed after the war. GAME OVER.§!
All territory controlled by [FER.GetName] will be annexed into [ROOT.GetName] after the war ends.
