League of Arab States
HIA
Harakat al Ishtirākīyīn al 'Arab (Arab Socialist Movement)
HNS
Hizb al Niqābīyū al Sūrī (Syrian Syndicalist Party)
HNS
Hizb al Niqābīyū al Sūrī (Syrian Syndicalist Party)
HNS
Hizb al Niqābīyū al Sūrī (Syrian Syndicalist Party)
HS (Damascene Wing)
Hizb al Sha'b (People's Party)
HS (Aleppan Wing)
Hizb al Sha'b (People's Party)
KW
Kutlat al Watanīyah (National Bloc)
Āl 'Alawīyah
Āl 'Alawīyah (Alawiyya Dynasty)
Qiyādat al 'Askarīyah al Sūrīyah (Syrian Military Leadership)
Qiyādat al 'Askarīyah al Sūrīyah
Military Government
Military Government
SSNP
Hizb al Sūrī al Qawmī al 'Ijtimā'ī (Syrian Social Nationalist Party)
Syria
Syrian
Syria
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syria
the Syrian Republic
Syria
the Syrian Republic
Syria
the Syrian Republic
Syria
the Syrian Republic
Syria
the Republic of Syria
Syria
the Syrian Republic
Syrian State
the Syrian State
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Arab Kingdom of Syria
the Arab Kingdom of Syria
Syrian State
the Syrian State
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Syrian Socialist Republic
the Syrian Socialist Republic
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Natural Syria
Syria Focus Tree
Maintain the Status Quo
For as long as we can remember, the region of Syria has been ruled by its cities and their powerful families. These families, taking up the key positions in both the bureaucratic and religious hierarchy serve as the patrons for those less fortuned and form the core of the Syrian tapestry. European mass politics, aimed at giving direct representation to the people is downright hurtful to the Syrians and is likely to make us all prey for rabid Marxists, religious extremists or jingoist brutes.
Syrian - Egyptian Cooperation
Without the help of Egypt, we would have no free Syria to call our home. It is only right that we continue our strong relations with them and work together towards a brighter and more prosperous future!
Ban Political Parties
Political parties are only a burden on the Syrian people. If we wish to be a strong and successful Arab state, it is time we disband these troubling factions.
Found the Military Intelligence Directorate
Expanding our military's intelligence operations will allow us to better infiltrate and destroy the rebellious factions in our nation.
Suez - Damascus Railroad
Our increasing ties with Egypt have nowhere as much been felt as in the economy. Where Syria was once fully oriented towards the North and the Mediterranean, trade connections and Egyptian influence in the state monopolies have brought great change. To further strengthen their position, the Egyptians are now pushing for an expansion of the rail and road connections between our economic heartland and the Suez Canal.
Integrate Military Command
The Egyptian military command's intelligence and skill during the war of independence has not gone unnoticed, it is thanks to their actions that we were able to achieve freedom from the Turks. With our alliances with Egypt growing ever stronger, it is necessary that we merge our two military commands in the region.
Abolish Ottoman Land Reform
When the Ottoman land reforms of the late 19th century were introduced in Syria, their primary aim was to weaken the influence of a quasi feudal class of landowners and pull power away from the influential Arab families to a centralising state. Scions of these families, it is our duty and promise to revert these changes and prevent further damage from being done to the state of Syria.
Undercut Aleppan Influence
While Damascus is undoubtedly the principal urban centre of Syria, it faces significant competition from Aleppo and Northern Syria as a whole. We must take steps to limit the influence this region can hold over our politics by encouraging the growth of the economy of Syria.
Destroy the Müdâfaa-i Hukuk Cemiyetleri
The terrorists of the Müdâfaa-i Hukuk Cemiyetleri represent a fundamental danger to our state, steps must be taken quickly and effectively in order to eliminate them once and for all.
Uphold Sunni Dominance
While many different groups make up Syria, to deny that the Sunni population make up the largest bloc would be foolish. While some may accuse of discrimination towards the minorities of our state, really we are simply recognising the reality that Syria is a Sunni nation.
Abolish the Mt Lebanon Autonomous Region
While the various militia groups of Lebanon served an important role during the war, they have slowly shown themselves to be more concerned with protecting their own backyard rather than Syria as a whole. Given they have shown their true colours, there is no need to continue tolerating the slight to our national integrity their autonomous region represents.
End Jewish Land Acquisitions
The influx of Jewish individuals to our cities may have brought prosperity, but it also adds to the already disgruntled pot of minorities in Syria. In order to stop this process in its tracks, we will place tight restrictions on the acquisition of further land by Jewish individuals.
Secure the Alawiyin Mountains
The terrain of the Alawiyin Mountains allow it to become a breeding ground of Alawite unrest. As long as these areas are allowed to be a rats nest, we can never hope to end those who rebel against our rule.
Expand the Haifa & Tripoli Harbours
The ports in Haifa and Tripoli, while seeing growth over the past few years, still have a lot of potential for further growth. By expanding the port facilities further, they have the potential to become major entrepôts in the eastern Mediterranean.
Contest the al-Jazairis
The reputation wielded by the al-Jazairis is increasingly becoming less of an annoyance and more of an inconvenience, robbing us of support in the Damascus area. We must use any means we can, from tormenting their events to investment in areas loyal to them in order to win their base to our side.
Centralise Damascene Authority
The decentralist ideas professed by some will only lead to inefficiencies, it shall be through concentrating political, economic and social power that we will be able to rise to greatness. While our policies are beginning to bring this to fruition, we must create a unitary constitution in order to cement this structure once and for all.
Secure the Hawran
The Hawran, with its agricultural output will be vital to securing our new state. Through the appointment of administrators loyal to Damascus we can make sure that the region does not get any notions and remains a tool for us to wield.
Develop the Hama-Damascus Axis
Thanks to our policies, the region between the cities of Hama and Damascus is fast becoming the centre of the Syrian state, a core which is loyal to us. Through developing this region further we will entirely eliminate the possibility that other regions could compete with what is becoming known as the 'Damascus-Hama Axis'.
Cooperate with the al-Nashashibis
It is foolish to try to compete with the al-Nashashibis in Jerusalem, and we do not really have any interest in trying such a task. We will instead come to an understanding with the Al-Nashashibis and win them over to our side, making promises to them in exchange for support.
Eastern Palestinian Railroad Initiative
In order to further transportation east of Jerusalem, we will work on creating a Railroad in Eastern Palestine. This will aim to connect Amman and other cities to the rest of Syria, providing the twin benefits of encouraging economic growth and further centralising the nation on Damascus.
A Republic of Equals
Syria is a diverse place, and while Arabs control the majority ethnicity, they are not the only ones. Kurds, Turks, Alawites and more all fall under the Syrian banner. By working together, we will be able to achieve a strong republic of equals.
The [GetYear] Syrian Census
With our lands consolidated, it is absolutely vital that we conduct a large census of all Syrian lands to better understand the regions of our ethnic minorities.
The Palestinian Round Table Conference
As a region which has seen increasing conflict in recent years, Palestine is undoubtedly an area in which we must tread carefully. As part of this we shall establish a broad assembly of representatives from the region to come up with an agreement that guarantees future peace in the region.
Encourage Jewish Investment
The Jewish community in the Levant has only grown in recent times, and while it can be convenient for some to discriminate against them, we believe this policy is short sighted. By making our position in favour of Jewish investment in Syria, we will be able to bring some much needed capital into the country.
Restore the Mt Lebanon Autonomous Region
The region around Mt. Lebanon is too diverse to simply be subsumed into our nation, we must restore the autonomous region in order to allow the regional minorities to coexist.
Create the Alawite Autonomous Region
The mountainous areas inhabited by our Alawite citizens will never be tamed by the sword, but perhaps through the granting of Autonomy we can show them we understand their wish to protect themselves and their traditions.
Create the Kurdish Autonomous Region
Split between different nations, Syria's Kurdish community will always feel a degree of reluctance to be part of our nation, feeling themselves a separate group. By providing them with their own autonomous region we can acknowledge how we are united in our diversity, while also conveniently ending the conflict.
Create the Druze Autonomous Region
Our Druze population, while small, shall not be forgotten; we shall provide them with their own autonomous region in order to prevent discrimination and violence being committed against them again.
Proclaim the Syrian Federation
With the groundwork laid, it is time to cement our new federal system once and for all and draft a constitution proclaiming us the Syrian Federation. We will show that it is not our differences that divide us, but instead bring us together.
The National Pact Compromise
It is pointless to claim that we represent the interests of all minorities if we do not adequately represent them in governance. While it may seem artificial, and many will argue damages to our claims to meritocracy, equal representation is more important.
The Adana Plebiscite
While we may try to defeat the Turkish rebels through force, the fact is that every insurgent we kill is a martyr, and brings ten more to their cause. We must cut our losses while we're ahead and concede to a referendum on the future of our northern territories. Hopefully this may allow us to save face.
Maintain Sunni Dominance
While we undoubtedly wish to give our minorities the freedom they deserve, we shouldn't begin promoting people based on nothing more than the circumstances of their birth. While it may be that almost all positions of power are held by a Sunni, perhaps that is because we only choose the most qualified individuals?
Decentralised Development Scheme
Syria faces a problem of being both poorly developed and unequally developed. In order to kill two birds with the same stone as it were, we will begin encouraging development across our nation, rather than concentrated in our cities. While they say a rising tide lifts all boats, it doesn't hurt to do a bit of the carrying ourselves.
The Syrian Agricultural Bank
Banking is not the most developed in Syria, particularly for our rural citizens. In order to allow for access to capital in these areas, we will encourage the growth of agricultural banks which will provide loans to farmers seeking to improve their output.
Support the Hawran
The Hawran is a vital part of our nation's agricultural sector. We must encourage the prosperity of this region to provide food for the rest of the country.
Redistribute State Land
Many of our farmers live on the margin of poverty, and while this situation will be difficult to solve, we can make a start by handing our parcels of state land to the most desperate in the country.
The Ghab Project
Hydroelectric power has the potential to provide almost limitless electricity for thousands of people. While the initial investment will be costly, the access to electricity will provide us countless social and economic benefits, placing us among the modern nations of the world.
An Army with a State
Syria must become a place of total military supremacy. Our military must hold the utmost power in our affairs to make our enemies fear us.
The Military Mandate
The military won Syria, and the military will continue to protect her. We must give our army control over the reins of state in order to prevent ourselves from being undermined by subversive elements.
Agency for Protection of State Secrets
In order to safeguard our state, we must establish a board tasked with the preservation of state secrets and the monitoring of dangerous elements.
Restore Parliamentarian Democracy
Whether it was due to pushing the military too far, a personal rivalry or possibly even a genuine belief in democracy, factions within the armed forces have begun making moves against the new regime. In backrooms, plans are being made and connections are being made, ready to spring into action when the time is right.
Replace the Civilian Administration
The incompetence of civilian officials cannot be allowed to continue, going forward we shall entrench military discipline and structures into the government of the state. The Syrian state of the future will be one that does not bow to the whims of bureaucrats.
Revise the Syrian Curriculum
The culture of a nation is born in the youth; the beliefs and ideals the youth hold dear are the bedrock on which the future will be built. We must create a new curriculum for Syria, one which entrenches military principles and beliefs, ensuring our methods and motives will always remain relevant in Syrian society.
Enact the [GetYear] Conscription Law
The tree of Liberty must be watered, and our new state is no different. We must draft a new expansive conscription law to ensure that there is no shortage of patriots to defend Syria and her people.
Pursue the Basic Principles
The birth of the Syrian nation transformed the Levant, but that transformation has not gone far enough. We must forge a new system, a new society, one which can safeguard Syria until the end of time.
Enact Mandatory Education
The ignorance of our people is an embarrassment, and if this error is not rectified, it will continue to hold us back for decades to come. If we do not take a firm hand in teaching our citizens what is right and what is wrong, their ignorance will be manipulated by syndicalist book societies and other destructive elements.
Fight the 'Forces of Darkness'
The petty divides of religious doctrine and belief only undermine and weaken us, there is no Muslim, Jew or Christian, there is only Syrians. We must fight the past, shine a light into the darkness. We will make them forget their past, to see what really matters.
Separate Church and State
Fire and Ice, Light and Dark, Church and State; two things which should never be fused together, for fear of the feeble offspring they create. You may pray in your home, but you must be a patriot in life. Every Syrian must know that the state must always come first, for without the state, they would have nothing.
Integrate SSNP Paramilitaries
While there is no doubting the bravery and capabilities of the army, their understanding and support of our principles is questionable. In order to resolve this misunderstanding we must begin integrating our paramilitaries as an official part of the Syrian military, in order for our principles to become as much a part of army understanding as drilling or strategy.
Syrian Integration and Assimilation Programme
The minorities of our nation are misguided; they do not yet understand that they are no different from us, separated only by artificial divisions than anything else. We must take determined steps to make them see the truth. While some may call it forceful, it is the amount of pressure needed to change hearts and minds.
Nationalise the Economy
The laissez faire beliefs which have traditionally governed economies leaves them open to being fickle and responding to broad whims, caught up in speculation and profit seeking. We will take direct control of our nation's economy and show these 'economists' that in Syria, the market has a very visible hand.
Abolish Feudalism
If we wish to become a modern nation, we must do away with this unequal and dated system.
The Syrian Renaissance
Through the funding of arts and culture, the Syrian people will stand out in the world as vibrant and creative. We must be a beacon of creation to the world.
Central Directorate for Economic Planning
Our economic situation would be better managed through a central committee which can plan and control commerce and development for the nation.
Expand Military Production
With our new control over the economy, we can direct far production towards heavy industry rather than unnecessary consumer goods. These factories will be vital to equip our army with the most modern equipment.
Pursue Economic Independence
In trade there are only winners and losers, and the loser is the one who must import more. We must strive to create an autarkic state which can exist free from the whims of international markets and ensure that we cannot be starved by a blockade or bought out of essential resources...
Deir Az-Zor Oil Exploration
Across the Middle East black gold is being found, and if we can tap into this rich supply then it will provide us with significant profits, as well as provide us with more economic independence.
Expand Beiruti Harbour
The harbour in Beirut has the potential to be a major export hub for the Levant, provided enough investment is made in its expansion. New cranes must be purchased and wharfs built in order to facilitate this.
Expand Aleppan Cotton Production
The production of cotton around Aleppo is very profitable, as cash crops tend to be. By providing funds for new agricultural machinery and irrigation, we can expand the profits of king cotton even further.
Support the Syrian Textile Industry
Syrian textile manufacturers are renowned around the world for their produce. By aiding in the modernisation and expansion of this economic sector, we can boost exports and revenue returns to the government.
The Defence of Natural Syria
While pan-Arab ideals are nice, the reality on the ground is that this goal feels a long shot at best, and many are also reluctant to see our new independence simply be subsumed into a sprawling and likely conflicted Arab state. Ultimately we must make it clear what our position is, that we must safeguard what we have won, and that we are first and foremost a Syrian state.
Greater Syrian Nationalism
While we have achieved far more than most could have expected, there are still territories outside our control which are rightfully ours. While the great struggle for independence is over, a new struggle is about to begin, one to unite all Syrian territory once and for all.
The Cypriot Claim
The island of Cyprus may be on the edge of our Pan-Syrian goals, but the island is a vital strategic point in the entire Eastern Mediterranean. For the first time in hundreds of years, this vital island is free from control of one of the regional hegemons, and therefore far less capable of resisting the vultures that now circle it. We have a duty to ourselves to capture the island before somebody else does.
Reclaim Cilicia
The region of Cilicia has been snatched from us while we were weak, we have an obligation to undo this slight. We will have to remind the Turks who won the war, and ensure that this is a lesson that they do not forget.
Unite Syria and Assyria
Uniting the people of natural Syria is the culmination of our goals: uniting the Fertile Crescent and winning us a state which will not falter until the end of time. When our flag flies over Baghdad, we will be able to cement our new nation once and for all.
Cooperate with the International
More than any other international bloc, the Internationale represents the true liberation of all peoples; they are not the naked imperialists of Germany or Egypt, seeking to further their own goals at the expense of us. While we don't want to become part of their syndicalist system, we can at least make it clear we are not opposed to them.
Join the Phalanstère International
By requesting to join the Phalanstère, we will put our academics and scientists in direct contact with global leaders in Paris and London.
Negotiate with the Reichspakt
Unlike the Egyptians, the Germans have very little interest in getting involved in the Levant for anything more than investment, by cooperating we would be able to get one of the most powerful military and economic alliances to support our development and defence.
Destroyers for Bases
While the Germans may not be interested in colonial expansion in the Levant, European powers are attracted to naval bases like ants to sugar. We can exploit this desire to our own benefit, asking for surplus German naval assets in return for providing them with basing rights.
Encourage Foreign Investors
While Syria is not known for being an economic centre of the world, there is a lot of growth potential in the region, as well as a reasonable amount of resources. We must try to sell this image of our nation to foreign investors and persuade them to invest much-needed capital in the Syrian economy.
Collaborate with the Cairo Pact
The Cairo Pact is uniquely placed to understand our situation, being founded on a similar wish to bring an end to Ottoman hegemony over the Arabs. It would be foolish to align with anybody other than our fellow Arabs.
Refurbish the Cairo-Damascus Line
The railway link between Cairo and Damascus has fallen into disrepair due to the Ottoman-Egyptian conflict and a lack of investment, with the birth of our new partnership with the Egyptians, we can restore this important rail link as a testament to our friendship and a boon to our trade.
Defend Syrian National Interests
While we may wish to avoid conflict, the global situation is not so understanding to the wishes of individual nations, and the global struggles which affect the great powers inevitably come to affect us. We must choose a side and safeguard what we hold dear, lest we find ourselves alone and defenceless.
Pursue Neutrality
While they say neutrality is craven, in reality, there is nothing more courageous. Unlike less self-assured nations, we do not feel the need to tie our colours to any mast but our own. We will stand apart from the others, and if they should come to intrude upon us, we will remind them that neutrality is not a position of weakness.
Standardise Small Arms
With our armouries being filled with surplus weapons from the Ottomans and others, supplying our troops can sometimes give quartermasters severe headaches. In order to cut down on this logistical nightmare we will begin to standardise our equipment and supplies going forward.
Re-open the Military Academies
The importance of having a skilled officer corps cannot be understated, and while currently our officers are quite skilled, we must not allow this to deteriorate going forward. We will reopen the old Ottoman Military Academies to train the next generation of Syrian officers, who will hopefully lead their troops to future greatness.
Refurbish the Aleppan Munition Factories
The Munitions factories of Aleppo have fallen into some disrepair due to a lack of investment, and are beginning to look outdated in comparison to other arms factories. We shall make extensive investment in these facilities in order to ensure they remain relevant and equipped to supply the Syrian army of tomorrow.
Domestic Arms Production
While we currently rely on surplus equipment from other nations, in the future it would be far better for our security to rely on our own production. With the renovation of our munitions factories, we now have the facilities to achieve self-sufficient production of weapons and munitions.
The Lion of Syria
While our nation has been constantly focused on development and industrial expansion, it is important to take a moment to look around and appreciate how far we have come. From a few ambitious desert rebels we now stand triumphant against all comers. The Lion of Syria roars, and the rest of the Levant, and the Mediterranean would do well to listen to it.
The Hawk of Quraish
Airpower will dictate the wars of the future, and as a young military we can avoid becoming entrenched in tradition and recognise this fact. We will be like hawks, soaring high over the ground, ready to strike those who are not as adequately prepared.
Expand Phoenician Shipbuilding
We are the heirs to the Phoenician legacy, and just like them, we will always maintain a firm connection with the sea, a source of wealth and goods. We must make sure to remain experts in the maritime field in order to safeguard our trade and fishing rights.
Open the Syrian Naval Academy
While having the ships is nice, it is the quality of the sailors that matter far more. We shall create a naval academy in order to train future sailors to ply our seas and protect our interests.
Assume Leadership of the Arab Movement
While others may claim the mantle, we must make it clear that we are the true leaders of the Pan-Arab movement. We are already a nation composed of many different peoples, something that makes us more prepared than others to form into such a federation. While this step will undoubtedly win us few friends and make many enemies, we are ready.
Found the League of Arab States
The first step to unity will be bringing the various Arab states into a similar political, economic and social alliance. To facilitate this we will create the League of the Arab States to facilitate discussion and integration efforts.
Found the Economic and Social Council
The first step of our integration will be creating an economic and social council, this will focus on the elimination of trade barriers and ensuring integration does not leave the economically weaker states behind.
The Arab Customs Union
With trade barriers being progressively eroded, we will take these efforts a step further and create a common customs area between the member states. This will fully transform our economies into one common system.
Found the Joint Defence Council
The second area where cooperation is vital is in the area in defence. To begin this effort we will create a joint defence council which will foster military cooperation between the various member states.
Integrate Arab Command Structures
With military cooperation increasing across the member states, it is time to take this a step further and integrate the national commands into one structure, creating the first steps towards a united Arab army.
Found the Parliament for Arab Affairs
With economic and military integration efforts well underway, it is time to begin what will likely be the most contentious phase, political integration. While expecting monarchies and republics to join as one overnight would be foolish, we can begin the process by creating a parliament for all Arabs to come and debate.
The Council of Transportation
While railways and roads cross the Middle East, connecting the various cities more and more each day, there is no common structure to govern them, breeding inefficiencies and making the process of travel far more complicated than it needs to be. To rectify this issue we will create a council which will govern transport networks between the member states.
The Council of Justice
Between Islamic, civic and even customary law in different parts of the Middle East, it will be difficult to create a common judicial system. To work around this wide difference, a common justice council will be created, to apply fair and common justice across the member states of the League.
The Council of Social Affairs
While the future Arab state is traditionally seen as a union between the dominant groups of the member states, it is important to remember that the region is filled with many minorities, both cultural and religious. All of these groups have their own beliefs and social systems and it is important that the future federation respects that. We will create a council of social affairs to foster understanding and respect between our many groups.
Proclaim the Arabian Federation
Against all the odds, the united Arab nation looks on the cusp of being born. We have worked hard to foster an understanding between the Arab States, and soon those efforts will pay off. All that is left to be done is to draft the last few agreements and draft the charter that this new federation will be based on. Whatever the future holds, there is no denying that through our actions, we have reshaped the Middle East beyond recognition.
Challenge Egyptian Domination
While the Egyptians deserve credit for their role in fostering this latest Arab movement, the new regional hegemon is beginning to show its growing pains. It is time for a new nation, one that is younger and more dynamic to take up the Arab cause, even if that means confrontation with the old title holder.
Threaten the Hejazi State
The Hejazi monarchy believes themselves above the pan-Arabic cause and has refused to join our cause. This slight against us cannot be allowed to persist. Fortunately there are many supporters of the united Arab cause across their nation who can be stirred into action, supporters who will be vital administrators when the Hashimi are removed.
Destabilise the Imamate
The Yemeni state has always felt themselves protected by difficult geography, and has exposed their true colours in their decision not to join our new state. They underestimate the fervour of our cause though, and we will take steps to bring the Yemeni nation under the Pan-Arab cause.
Sawt al-Arab Broadcasts
While there are many supporters of our cause, it is important that we win hearts and minds wherever we can. We must begin an intense broadcasting campaign to stir up support for pan-Arabic causes, laying the groundwork for the united state having popular support.
Destabilise the Persian Gulf
The desert monarchies of the gulf had always had an independent streak, one which makes itself apparent with their rejection of our overtures. Fortunately these states were never the most stable to begin with, and it will only take a minimal application of force to bring the entire house of cards tumbling down.
Undermine the Iraqi State
It is unfortunate that our Fertile Crescent neighbours of Iraq reject our cause, believing they would be better off going it alone. We will make them realise the error in this belief, and drag them from the darkness into the light. We know our cause is popular in the nation, so we must stir these sentiments to bring the governments that hold our cause back crashing down.
The Arabistan Claim
While some might term the claim over Khuzestan as tenuous or motivated by resources, the region is Arabic, plain and simple. We will liberate our brothers from the Persians and bring them under the Arab fold forever, as well as gain access to the many resources of the region.
Cooperate with Oman & Muscat
While distant from the rest of the region's conflicts, preferring to keep to themselves, the Omani people belong in our nation. We will begin making overtures to their government about joining the pan-Arab movement.
Mt Lebanon Conflict
The Mt Lebanon region has always been a thorn in the sight of Ottoman governors in Syria and this issue has only deteriorated since the proclamation of an independent Syrian state, including Lebanon. As a region set on separating itself from the authority of Damascus, a guerrilla war is being fought out between the Sunni Syrian army and Maronite militias.
Alawite Unrest
Ruled over by Alawite tribes, the Alawyin Mountains have never felt much attachment to the idea of Syria and interacted only if necessary with Ottoman walis or Syrian notables in the lowlands. With the sudden proclamation of a Syrian state, these groups are contesting their participation and waging a guerrilla war to assert their autonomy.
Disorganised Army
As the Ottoman Empire preferred using Iraqis over Syrians in their officer ranks, our young nation suffers from the lack of military knowhow necessary to lead our new army. Those that do exist are either militia members who rose up during the Levantine War or former Ottoman officers who have ideas of their own on how the new state should be ruled.
Sunni Political Dominance
Despite boasting an immense cultural and religious variety, Sunni families have been ruling the Syrian region almost since the arrival of Islam in the Bilad al-Sham. Other religions and sects, such as the Shi'ites, Alawites, Orthodox Christians, etc, all have very little to say in this rigid model and have, as such, set up their own self-serving institutions for education, protection and religion.\n\nWhilst this rigid model guarantees tremendous power for the Damascene elite, it has reduced political debates to a purely sectarian and regional issue where debates are centred around the individual power of Syria's largest cities and their dominant religious groups.
The Müdâfaa-i Hukuk Cemiyetleri
Called the Müdâfaa-i Hukuk Cemiyetleri or Association for Defence of National Rights, various groups of Turks and their allies are waging a guerrilla war in the former vilayets of Adana and Aleppo against their annexation into the new Syrian state. With fighting in Antep and Adana especially fierce, a solution will have to be reached quickly as the coordination of these groups more often than not outranks our own military.
Syrian-Egyptian Economic Integration
Military Intelligence Directorate
Jewish Land Acquisition Curtailed
Unitary Constitution
Control over the Hawran
Mainly inhabited by the Druze minority, the Hawran is one of the most important areas of Syria. Serving as the agricultural centre of inner Syria and the main exporter for the Beiruti harbour, one can say that he who controls the Hawran controls not only Damascus but all of Syria.
National Census Bureau
Palestinian Round Table Agreement
Federal Constitution
Decentralised Development
Agency for Protection of State Secrets
Revised Curriculum
[GetYear] Conscription Law
SSNP Paramilitaries
Bureau for the Redistribution of Religious Funds
Syrian Renaissance
Central Directorate for Economic Planning
Defence of Natural Syria
Cypriot Invasion
Cilician Invasion
The Lion of Syria
The Hawk of Quraish
Foreign Investments
The Light of Arabia
Great Syrian Famine
Farms are left either unattended or at the mercy of brigands and raiders as the once food basket of the Ottoman Empire has collapsed into a famine unseen since the days of the Weltkrieg. Tens of thousands of Syrians are fleeing to the cities which have grown way out of proportion and are pressing hard on the already limited sanitation and health facilities. Northern Syria, which has suffered the least in the Levantine war is trying to produce enough for the nation but Turkish resistance and Aleppine politics are putting a definite halt to almost every attempt.
The Lebanese War
The unrest in the area of Mount Lebanon has reached its peak, and an open revolt has been declared by Fouad Chehab and his Volunteers' Army. This revolt against Syria must be dealt with swiftly; however, being this an internal affair of our Country, we must deal with the emergency alone.
\nThis will cause a £resistance_texticon §RRevolt§! against §Y[EGY.GetNameWithFlag]§! and the likely §RCollapse§! of the monarchy in §Y[SYR.GetNameWithFlag]§!
\nThis may cause a £resistance_texticon §RRevolt§! against §Y[SYR.GetNameWithFlag]§! and the proclamation of an independent state in §CBeirut§!
\nThe £manpower_texticon §PMilitary Government§! will be overthrown by £army_experience §YSami al-Hinawi§! who will relinquish power to a £pol_power $social_conservative_coloured$ regime
\nThe £manpower_texticon §PMilitary Government§! will be overthrown by £army_experience §YSami al-Hinawi§! who will relinquish power to a $social_liberal_coloured$ regime
\nMarshal £army_experience §YHusni al-Za'im§! will be overthrown by £army_experience §YAdib Shishakli§! with the assistance of the §nSSNP§!
Based on the earlier choice, we will attempt to join either  §Y[GER.GetNameWithFlag]§! or  §Y[EGY.GetNameWithFlag]§! in their struggles.\n\n
§YElections§! will be held within 30 days
§YElections§! are ongoing
Autonomous Region
Great Syrian Revolt
The drums of war are resounding over all of Greater Syria as the final struggle for liberation commences. Initiated by the Druze of Jabal al Druze, the revolt has quickly swept away all opposition in Damascus. Much work remains to be done however as the Ottomans hold strong in the remaining Sanjaks. If the revolt is to be successful and Ottoman reinforcements prevented, speed will be of the essence!
Rally Supporters in §YMa'an§!
Rally Supporters in §YDamascus§!
Rally Supporters in §YBeirut§!
Rally Supporters in §YAleppo§!
Rally Supporters in §YAlawiya§!
Rally Supporters in §YHoms§!
Rally Supporters in §YHaifa§!
Rally Supporters in §YJerusalem§!
The Lebanese Independence War
The whole Syrian region is still devastated after the Levant Crisis and the famine, and this conflict can't drag for too long. If Lebanon holds, Syria will be forced to sign a peace.
§MPeople's Party§! - §MDamascene Wing§! ($social_liberal_coloured$) / §MAleppan Wing§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the League of National Action, the Lebanese Reform Party, and the People's Party form a coalition in the first Syrian elections.\n£white_dot When the People's Party Wins the Elections, have al-Jazairi become president to have the §lDamascene Wing§! keep the power or have Rushdi al-Kikhiya steer the nation to have the §mAleppan Wing§! come to power.\n£white_dot Don't dismiss al-Za'im after completing the \
The Cedar Stands Tall - §M£KR_game_rule_flag_LEB  Lebanon§!\n\n£white_dot Either go down the §MNational Bloc§! or §MSyrian Social Nationalist Party§! path and, completing the focuses \
Akram al-Hourani
§YBorn:§! §L1911, in Hama, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Khalid Bakdash
§YBorn:§! §L1912, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Said al-Jazairi
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Rushdi al-Kikhiya
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Hashim al-Atassi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1875, in Homs, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Shukri al-Quwatli
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1891, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAmong the several branches of Al-Fatat in the Arab world, none would be as successful as Syria's. This is due to the careful manoeuvring of their leader, Shukri al-Quwatli. Despite his exile from Syria twice, he has again returned and collects his allies in preparation for a new type of Republican government. Shukri's position in Syria is an intermediary between the liberal burghers and conservative landowners that hold judicial power in Syria.§!
Sultan al-Atrash
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1891, in Al-Qurayya, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Husni al-Za'im
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1897, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Antun Saadeh
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1904, in Dhour El Choueir, Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntun Saadeh is a man of many talents and little patience. After living half of his life abroad in the west, Antun returned to his homeland in 1930. In the rubble the Weltkrieg had made of his homeland, Saadeh founded the Syrian Social Nationalist Party, a political party dedicated to the advancement of Social Nationalism, a refinement of the syncretism of socialist and nationalist ideas that Saadeh had developed during his time abroad. He was arrested by the Ottoman Empire in 1935, when he publicly revealed the existence of the party, but his faith in a Syria freed from the shackles of Western and Ottoman imperialism and united by the principles of Social Nationalism is unshakeable.§!
Sami Al-Hinawi
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Adib ibn Hassan al-Shishakli
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Hama, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Yusuf al-Azma
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1884, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Abdullah Atfeh
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Khirbet Ghazaleh, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Fawzi Selu
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Fawzi al-Qawuqji
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Tripoli, Vilayet of Beirut, Ottoman Empire§!
‘Abd al-Rahman Shahbandar
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1879, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Jamil Mardam Bey
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Musen al-Barazi
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Hama, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Maarouf al-Dawalibi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1909, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Nazim al-Kudsi
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1906, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Rashad Barmada
§YBorn:§! §L1913, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Raghib al-Nashashibi
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Jerusalem, Mutasarrifate of Jerusalem, Ottoman Empire§!
Fakhri al-Nashashibi
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Baghdad, Vilayet of Baghdad, Ottoman Empire§!
Edmond al-Homsi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 6th, 1901, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Saadallah al-Jabiri
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Fares al-Khoury
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Kfeir, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Abd al-Rahman al-Kayyali
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Lutfi al-Haffar
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Sati al-Husri
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Sana, Vilayet of Yemen, Ottoman Empire§!
Ahmad al-Sharabati
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Damascus, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
George Abd Messih
§YBorn:§! §L1908, in Beit Mery, Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate, Ottoman Empire§!
Said Taqiyaddin
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1904, in Baakleen, Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate, Ottoman Empire§!
Salah al-Shishakli
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hama, Vilayet of Syria, Ottoman Empire§!
Anwar Bannud
§YBorn:§! §L1908, in Aleppo, Vilayet of Aleppo, Ottoman Empire§!
Army Air Command
§YFounded:§! §Lin Damascus, Syrian Republic§!
Army Naval Arm
§YFounded:§! §Lin Damascus, Syrian Republic§!
Interbranch Cooperation
§YFounded:§! §Lin Damascus, Syrian Republic§!
