Xinjiang Clique Focus Tree
Xinjiang
Xinjiang
Xinjiang
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Xinjiang Clique
the Xinjiang Clique
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Dihua Government
the Dihua Government
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Kuomintang
Kuomintang
Dao-yin of Aksu
Dao-yin of Aksu
Aqtaghlik
Aqtaghlik
Democratic League
Democratic League
Qarataghlik
Qarataghlik
Dao-yin of Hotan
Dao-yin of Hotan
Dihua Governorship
Dihua Governorship
Xinjiang Nationalists
Xinjiang Nationalists
§RAksu and Hotan will both fall to rebel control.§!\n
§RKumul will openly rebel against us.§!\n
§GWe will gain control of Shaowu's army.§!\n
§GThe garrison at Yarkand will be deployed to defend against the Uyghur menace.§!
§RZhang Beiyuan's Dihua garrison will defect to Kumulik forces.§!
§RUnrest has begun to plague our ranks, if it is not dealt with properly, Jin may not keep his seat in power.§!
§RDiscontent against Jin Shuren will rise.§!
§RSheng Shicai's Seven Points will be implemented§!
§RWe will work on taking care of those put in southern government positions.§!
§RThe influence of the Jahriyya Order grows.§!
Yang Zengxin no longer rules over Xinjiang.
Jin Shuren has consolidated his rule over Xinjiang.
Ma Shaowu has consolidated his rule over Xinjiang.
Sheng Shicai has consolidated his rule over Xinjiang.
The Mongolians have been dispersed.
Turfans' loyalties are now unknown.
Turfans' loyalties have changed.
Turfans' garrison have deployed.
Beiyuan's garrison has mobilised.
The rebellions Southern Xinjiang officers are forgiven.
The rebellions Turkish officers are forgiven.
Mongolian raiders are located and our soldiers are ready to end their threat.
The Army and Opium
The army of Xinjiang, especially in the south has a hard addiction for opium, and needs it to function. We'll need to supply them with opium or try to get rid of the addiction altogether if we want to not have problems with this.
Searching for Opium Source
The army of Xinjiang, especially in the south has a hard addiction for opium, and needs it to function. While we have eliminated the drug pushers within our general infantry ranks, the effects of withdrawal will keep our soldiers weak until a more controllable substance is found.
Gansu Suppliers
The army of Xinjiang, especially in the south has a hard addiction for opium, and needs it to function. Fortunately, we have given amnesty to a group of knowledgeable farmers from Gansu who have been driven out of their homes by the Yihewanai Muslims. They have agreed to grow crops for the army.
Pushing the Edge
Yang Zengxin has experience with the Uyghur population and knows the point to which Uyghurs are able to take high amounts of oppression. Yang's regime pushes this edge to the limit, and anything more would cause tensions to explode immediately.
Over the Edge
Yang Zengxin's careful policy of pushing the Uyghur population has been completely thrown out the window by Jin Shuren. He has proceeded to double the tax of Uyghur land owners, deeply upsetting the population with the opinion of Jin Shuren on a far decline.
Enemies on All Sides
Surrounded by Tungans to the East and Uyghurs to the south, the Xinjiang governorship is in danger, and won't be making it out alive if they lose here. Xinjiang will only fall if both §YAksu§! and §YDihua§! fall, our last stations of resistance.
Rumours of Discontent
While for now the Xinjiang governorship is united against the threats of the Uyghurs and Kumuliks, we are still as factionalised as ever. Sheng Shicai has been using this as his chance to build up strength in Aksu while others are beginning to consider defecting to the Kumuliks. If we do not keep the threat contained, Jin's status as governor could be shorter lived then expected.
Rumours of Discontent
$SIK_rumors_discontent_desc$
Rumours of Discontent
$SIK_rumors_discontent_desc$
Rush of Employment
The government has opened a new civil service examination system, with slots for men of all races in Xinjiang to apply for employment - a strategy learned from studies of tutelage back east.
Seven Point Manifesto
For centuries a pawn of the Russians, the Uyghurs and the Emirs, Sheng Shicai has proclaimed the ideological tenets of his regime, and simultaneously has opened the door to better relations with the southern Chinese nation-builders he so admires.
Seven Point Manifesto
$SIK_armed_neutrality_desc$
Seven Point Manifesto
$SIK_armed_neutrality_desc$
Proclaimed Three Principles
Since the Seven Points was not a complete declaration, Shen Shicai has proclaimed his open admiration of the Three Principles of the People of Dr. Sun Yat-sen. This has brought cautious KMT supporters in Xinjiang out to the open as supporters of Sheng.
Indifference to Beijing
For too long Beijing has levied the people of Xinjiang, and given false promises of repaying our sacrifice for their unsustainable system. No more shall we respect the Amban of Beijing, for we are strictly neutral to their wars.
Immigration Push
The governor has initiated a land grant programme to encourage settlement of pastures following the destructive civil war in Xinjiang. The Governor hopes that this will help increase their foothold in Xinjiang.
Restarting the Jahriyya
Thanks to Ma Shoawu's connection to the Sufi Jahriyya Order, he is able to begin exciting the formerly beleaguered Muslim population of Xinjiang with the hope that they will turn away from Hanafi extremism or the encroaching Salafism and towards both a Chinese and Islamic interpretation of the Quran.
Exciting the Jahriyya
It appears that the Jahriyya have been able to rebuild their network in Xinjiang, and have caught the attention of the Ma Clique. Save for the Sufi Yihewanai, the Jahriyya are being roundly denounced as infidels by the other Xinjiao across western China. This has galvanised the Jahriyya to dedicate themselves to Ma Shaowu.
Menhuan Education
Through Sufi tradition, the Menhuan orders throughout Xinjiang have collected a large stable of educational material. Through the compassion and patronage of the Governor, Menhuan orders are now free to practise their Islamic education freely.
Loyalty Tests
After the series of betrayals that threatened to ruin Xinjiang, the Governor has drafted a series of loyalty oaths to be taken, based on the Imperial Examination Board's assessment of competency. Having a legal basis for future advancement will help us project a legitimate government.
Western Gate Opened
In order to avoid becoming the pawn of multiple imperial powers, we have dedicated police forces to ensuring the trade routes in Xinjiang are open and free of banditry.
New Diplomatic Corps
Hoping to restore the foreign office of Xinjiang to its former glory, the Governor has hired a new team of bureaucrats to replace the previous team and hopefully move past their era of open corruption and extortion.
Mongol Banditry
With the Mongolian regime to the north having problems with bandits inside of Western Mongolia, the problem has begun to spread to our Mongolian populated areas of Xinjiang as well. While the region is not key to the overall administration of Xinjiang, letting the chaos reign for too long could leave it open to hostile advances.
Supply Jin Shuren's Regiment
The regiment Jin Shuren was preparing before the governorship crisis is readily open for us to crush the Mongolian bandits in the north, besides some minor needs for more men and guns.
Mobilise Jin Shuren's Regiment
With the regiment properly supplied, we should be plenty ready to raid the Mongolian camps causing all of these problems. We can only hope the operation goes well.
Ending Northern Banditry
As the Mongolian problem begins to escalate, so does our need to finally make a move. If we leave the problem alone, we could see the region fall completely outside of our control.
The Xinjiang War
Xinjiang due to Jin's policies has entered a state of crisis, with the Uyghur rebels to the south and the Kumulik traitors to the east. While a unified force for now, Sheng Shicai, Ma Shaowu, and Jin Shuren are all making their own moves to deal with the problem that fuel their own interests. Without careful manoeuvring the Xinjiang governorate could fall even quicker then imagined.
Defend Dihua
Dihua is the capital of northern Xinjiang and the base of Jin Shuren's operations. Should it fall, the only place left to retreat would be the minor city of Aksu under Sheng Shicai's control, and whether Sheng would even comply with Jin retreating there is completely unknown. We must take all measures to prevent this from even happening in the first place, lest we wish for our inevitable fall.
Unify Xinjiang
Xinjiang is split, and all it leads back to Jin Shuren and his policies that lead to this awful situation. If he wishes to redeem himself, he'll need to be quick in ending this conflict before it gets further out of control. After all, certain political elements might not be able to stand his reign for much longer after this blunder...
Mobilise Sheng's Aksu Brigade
While we previously took Jin Shuxin's advice of refusing Sheng's Aksu Brigade, desperate times call for desperate measures, and we need all the help we can get. After all, Sheng is a trustable individual as seen previously, surely this will only benefit us into the future.
White Russian Recruitment
Within northern Xinjiang lies a small amount of White Russian troops from the civil war, lying in wait for the day they can fight once again. We shall provide them with this opportunity by mobilising them to fight the eastern threat, for the sake of a stable governorship.
Fortify Dihua
Besides Aksu, Dihua is the last holdout against these pathetic warlords. Should it fall, the remains of our regime will be forced to bundle in Aksu in the hopes of survival, and the chance of that going well is less than likely...
Secure Turfan
Turfan currently under the garrison of Ma Fuming has yet to mobilise like the rest of our loyal subjects, leaving many to believe he is considering defection to the Kumuliks. This is of course an outrage, if he doesn't mobilise sooner rather then later, he will feel our wrath come down upon him.
Check on Zhang Beiyuan
Commander Zhang Beiyuan, despite being a close friend of Jin Shuren, has yet to mobilise his forces. Whether or not this means defection is imminent is unknown, but surely it couldn't hurt to give him a... reminder of his duties in this administration.
Assassinate Sabit Damulla
Sabit Damulla currently leads a coalition of rebel Uyghur leaders from south-western Xinjiang. With our enemies in Kumul defeated, we must now look to Kashgar and Hotan.
The Plan
GFX_SIK_intro
Introduction to the §PXinjiang Clique§!
The §PXinjiang§! province of §lChina§! has had a disruptive history like much of the northwest, as the region has been constantly plagued with whispers of unrest to this day. The §lXinhai Revolution§! spawned yet more of the already used to chaos caused by the local §nUyghur population§!, being more Central Asian then Chinese. The present governor §PYuan Du-Hua§! failed to keep the situation under control, fleeing the province and leaving it in the hands of his trusted advisor §PYang Zengxin§!.\n\n§PYang§! through shrewd dealings and violent repression has kept §PXinjiang§! 'stable' for his 20 years of governorship. §PYang§! himself is a very paranoid man, taking all possible precautions to prevent uprisings while still repressing the §nUyghurs§! located within §PXinjiang§! to no end. By '36, he is a secluded soul staying within his house and rarely coming outside due to fear of political assassination by one of his few retainers left. Most duties are handled between his three most powerful advisors §PJin Shuren§!, the §PDao-yin of Hotan Ma Shaowu§!, and the §PDao-yin of Aksu§! and foreign minister §SFan Yaonan§!. Together these three handle most of the everyday administration of §PXinjiang§! while taking orders from §PYang§! himself on occasions. For now, the status quo within §PXinjiang§! is kept but with §PYang's§! seclusion getting worse and worse, anything could happen.
§PXinjiang§! and the §PKumul Khanate§!
The §PKumul Khanate§! is officially a protectorate of the §cQing§! within §PXinjiang§!, and is a largely stabilising factor for §PXinjiang§! itself. Currently ruled by §PNasīr Shah§!, the §Pkhanate§! does very little in the day to day rule of §PXinjiang§!, besides having to pay tribute to the §PXinjiang§! governorship yearly. Why does it matter? Many see the §PKumul Khanate's§! current autonomy as the only thing keeping tensions within §PXinjiang§! from exploding, as it shows a degree of §nUyghur§! rule within the province even if people don't like the current ruler §PNasīr§!. Its existence is key to our peace in the northwest, and only an absolute fool would even dare to try and mess with its presence.
The §lPeople§! of §PXinjiang§!
The people of §PXinjiang§! are by far the most unique in §lChina§!, as many would argue that the majority are hardly §lChinese§! at all. One of the largest ethnic groups is the §nUyghur§! population, which is by far the most nationalist and well known ethnic group within §PXinjiang§!. Two other notable groups are first the §cKazakh§! population in the north with a population of about 400,000 and the §PTungans§! in the south, the §PXinjiang§! version of the §lChinese Hui§! with a population around 450,000. The §PTungans§! and §nUyghurs§! are known for shaky relations, as the minority §PTungans§! have long held control over the majority of §PXinjiang§!, as seen now by the §PDao-yin of Hotan§! being §PMa Shaowu§!. Due to their overall separation from the §lChinese§! people, the §nUyghur§! and §cKazakh§! population have long spelt the most trouble for our administration, rising up numerous times in the past in order to establish their independence from the rest of §lChina§!.
§MJin Shuren§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$))\n£white_dot After the Xinjiang war begins, keep Discontent below level 4 through decisions and events and unify Xinjiang within 300 days.\n\n§MSheng Shicai§! ($social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Xinjiang war begins, raise Discontent above 4 or fail to unify Xinjiang within 300 days.\n£white_dot After winning the Xinjiang war and taking The Seven Point Manifesto focus, select the bottom purge options for the focuses Filling the Government and Positions for Uyghurs to secure Sheng's rule.\n\n§MMa Shaowu§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After the Xinjiang war begins, raise Discontent above 4 or fail to unify Xinjiang within 300 days.\n£white_dot After winning the Xinjiang war and taking The Seven Point Manifesto focus, select the top options for the focuses Filling the Government and Positions for Uyghurs to have Ma Shaowu take control.
Troubles in the North
Dzungaria, mostly occupied by both Kazakhs and Mongols has been a trouble spot for Yang's administration since its emergence, serving as a hot spot of mainly Mongolian bandits to launch raids against our people. Despite being silent for the past year, troubles within Western Mongolia under Ungern's regime has spread to Xinjiang, as these bandits have reemerged once again. We'll need to wait for Yang's response on the issue to deal with the problem, but until then they will be troublesome.
These problems never end, do they?
Yang's Silence
In a surprise to everyone but his closest advisors, Yang's response to this appearance has been limited at best. His paranoia of assassination has made him just stay inside his home, telling his officials 
This is ludicrous...
Collapse of the League
The news of the collapse of the Zhili hegemony in the south, the League of Eight Provinces, have just reached our ears. Despite the shock, Xinjiang's relative isolation from the rest of China has left the ripples reaching us being limited. Yang Zengxin's paranoia could be cause for concern however, he very likely feels his current position within the governorship is in danger.
Keep an eye on the situation.
Silence
Silence is all that has been heard for almost a month now. People only come to Yang's chamber when they have something to report, and this past month has been uneventful besides Jin Shuren's army being almost ready to crush the northern bandits. Even then, many are suspicious on the lack of response from Yang at all and no orders seemingly being sent at all. Jin Shuren has decided to temporarily pause the raising of his army in order to investigate the situation before he heads out on a month long expedition to make sure his superior is alright.
Surely our fears are unfounded.
Disappearance
In a shock to many, Yang is simply gone. The entire premises has been searched high and low for any sign of Yang being here for the past couple of days, but there's none. In fact, most of his possessions he has collected over the years seem to be missing as well. Jin is continuing to search the area for any signs of where Yang could have gone, but the chances of Yang even being in Dihua at this point is unlikely, leaving Jin and other retainers in a worrisome position. It could take months to receive a message from the Qing on who the new governor is, leaving the most important spot in Xinjiang completely vacant in the mean time.
Collaboration is key to remain order.
Robbery
As the home of Yang Zengxin continues to be searched, Jin himself has checked on the treasury of Xinjiang, supposedly filled with a fortune of taxes gained from the populace of Xinjiang. As Jin and his guards arrived, they opened the door...\n\nAnd all the money was gone.\n\nAn absolute fortune amassed over the period of twenty years has disappeared along with Yang Zengxin, leaving many theories as to exactly what has happened here. The most believed so far is Yang Zengxin simply... left. Yang has left with all of our money, possessions, and with his title of governor still intact.
...
Coup
As the situation began to hit Jin Shuren during the investigation, he's realised the position he is in. There will be no new governor for months at least along with no Yang Zengxin, and he is the most prominent government official left within Dihua currently. He needed to make his move before anyone else arrived, using his recently made army that was supposed to crush the Mongol bandits.\n\nAnd as expected, he did. Jin Shuren with his 3,000 troops have stormed the capital and secured it completely, declaring himself governor of Xinjiang before a proper response from the Qing could even be formulated. Not all are pleased by these events, especially the Dao-yin of Aksu, Fan Yaonan, leading many to believe that crisis could be on its way to Xinjiang for the first time in 20 long years. Not only that, but it's not even known what the Qing will think about this turn of events, leaving Jin with absolute power over the entirety of Xinjiang until news is heard.
We have to believe in Jin.
An Invitation
With the everyday proceedings of Xinjiang continuing as normal, Jin Shuren has finally left for his expedition to crush the recently emerged Mongol bandits. All is well within Xinjiang, while the rest of China has erupted into chaos as a result of the League of Eight Provinces' collapse. In almost a celebration of the circumstances, the Dao-yin of Aksu and foreign minister of Xinjiang, Fan Yaonan, has announced a party, inviting many government officials, including Yang Zengxin. Yang's isolation has led most to expect him to decline this, but perhaps Yang could make use of a day of luxury with the recent stresses of governing?
It's time to party!
I've never trusted Fan before and certainly will not now.
The Party
The night was lively as Yang Zengxin entered Aksu today, seeing mass amounts of food and drink for the night, ready to spend this night to the fullest as if it will be his last. He sits down an hour later, ready to finally begin. He digs into his food as Fan Yaonan and a multitude of other governmental officials join him in the luxuries of life. Fan excuses himself from the table with Yang barely noticing, still indulging his gluttony. Fan Yaonan returned ten minutes later, with two guards with guns and red arm bands in tow behind him as he sits down again.\n\n\
To Fan Yaonan, our new leader!
Jin Shuren's March
Jin Shuren wasted no time in heading back to Aksu after hearing of his former superior's death, with his recently raised force in tow. Fan Yaonan is seemingly completely unprepared for this, with his efforts to raise his own force to defend Aksu completely failing as the city descends into anarchy. He, his officials, and his small force of 200 hole up in Aksu, waiting for when Jin Shuren's horde arrives.
His prospects look dim.
The Second Takeover
Jin secured Dihua and quickly moved onto Aksu, where Fan Yaonan waited, desperately trying to set up as many defences as he could before Jin would arrive. It was pointless, as when Jin arrived, soon after his securing of Dihua, his massive army rushed into the city and secured it all, eventually breaking through into Fan's residence, with Fan nowhere to be found. Before the Qing even knew their loyal governor Yang was gone, two coups have taken place in Xinjiang. Now Jin Shuren has installed himself as governor, and there is little Beijing can do about it.
I'll pass on the banquet this time.
Yang Zengxin's Death
As Yang Zengxin's various officials went to visit him today before the expedition to crush the Mongol threat to the north, they were shocked at what they found. Yang Zengxin seemed to have died in his sleep at an unknown time, leaving open many questions as to what is going to happen next. Many predict Jin Shuren's ascendancy to the governor position by force before the Qing can react to the situation using his new army, but as of yet nothing has occurred. All that can be done is wait and see how the situation unfolds.
How could this have happened to us?
Jin Shuren Secures Dihua
As many predicted, Jin Shuren has decided to make his move on Dihua and secure it using his newly armed force. The streets are filled with soldiers as any possible political dissidents are being removed one by one. Among these is the Dao-yin of Aksu, Fan Yaonan who has a somewhat petty rivalry with Jin. Little is known about what Jin's next moves will be, but many predict that Fan Yaonan's position of power will not be lasting for much longer.
We lie in his hands...
Jin's March on Aksu
As many predicted, Jin quickly moved from Dihua to remove Fan Yaonan's position in power before he could even act. Many noticed what looks like the beginning of a build-up of defences, but Fan's accomplices were killed before any meaningful resistance could be put up, though Fan himself could not be found. Some believe him to have escaped into the mountains to avoid capture. Ma Shaowu, the Dao-yin of Hotan has declared his loyalty to the new governor Jin Shuren, aiming to secure his rule in the south. Jin Shuren has agreed to this, finally achieving his rule over all of Xinjiang, at least for now.
Now these are the radical changes Xinjiang needs!
Jin's Consolidation of Power
With Ma Shaowu's southern government declaring loyalty to the new governor Jin Shuren, Jin has managed to secure all aspects of power. Fan Yaonan is missing, and with the cabinet slowly being replaced one by one, Jin is surely the ruler who has proven himself to be on top during this time of stress. No one knows what he has planned but based off his close proximity with Yang Zengxin, it most likely will be similar in policy. One piece still missing to the puzzle is the empty seat of the Dao-yin of Aksu, but surely someone will be appointed soon.
To a new future.
Doubling the Uyghur Tax
With Jin as de facto governor, he's immediately putting in new policies regarding the Muslim population in Xinjiang. With these, the tax on Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and other Central Asian peoples is being doubled immediately. This is seen as completely ignoring Yang Zengxin's policy of treading carefully with the populace to avoid revolt, resulting in many seeing this as an overall risky move. But as long as the money keeps coming to us, what's the possible harm?
Give us the money!
Sheng Shicai, the New Dao-Yin of Aksu
With Fan Yaonan's overthrow, the position of Dao-yin of Aksu has been empty. Out of the multitude of candidates including Jin Shuren's personal acquaintances, Sheng Shicai, the current Chief of Staff has ultimately been chosen for the position. Currently wielding a moderately sized army and having an even more competent chain of connections within the government, Jin was what many considered backed into a corner to this pick, but Sheng has promised that he will hold the utmost respect for the position and the weight it has.
Truly a capable individual.
Meeting with Nasīr
With the majority of government positions filled and Jin ready to embark on what he sees as the 'unification of Xinjiang', he has sent a messenger to Nasīr of the Kumul Khanate for a meeting to associate themselves in Dihua. Hopefully this will make the Kumul people feel assured of their position in the new Xinjiang, bringing new stability to this previously unruly province.
This will be a pleasant affair.
Meeting with Jin
Jin Shuren, the new governor of Xinjiang, has invited Nasīr himself to a meeting in Dihua in order to establish relations with our great khanate. He sees us as necessary to preserving and 
Associating ourselves is always good, right?
The Annexation of Kumul
Nasīr walked into Dihua, greeted with a lavish ceremony along with many festivities to celebrate his arrival. Following a personal greeting from Jin Shuren and multiple cabinet members, Nasīr walked further into the city in a tour. Greeted by many, Nasīr felt welcome and realised just how important of a figure he seems to be. However, his pride and satisfaction didn't last for long.\n\nNasīr was soon invited to Jin's personal residence, where they went into the dining room and began to feast. As they became overcome with gluttony, the unexpected happened. Nasīr has two guns aimed at the back of his head. 
Hami, welcome to Xinjiang.
The Plot Against Nasīr
Nasīr walked into Dihua, greeted with a lavish ceremony along with many festivities to celebrate his arrival. Following a personal greeting from Jin Shuren and multiple cabinet members, Nasīr walked further into the city in a tour. Greeted by many, Nasīr felt welcome and realised just how important of a figure he seems to be. However, his pride and satisfaction didn't last for long.\n\nNasīr was soon invited to Jin's personal residence, where they went into the dining room and began to feast. As they became overcome with gluttony, the unexpected happened. Nasīr has two guns aimed at the back of his head. \
Welcome to the new regime!
The New Cabinet of Hami
The new cabinet of Hami mainly consists of members apart of Jin's close clique of individuals. Among these include Li Xizeng, one of the main individuals convincing Jin to annex Kumul, Zhang Guohu, the new Tax Collector and Chief of Staff of Hami, and finally Long Xielin who has been put in charge of the prefecture itself. All considered highly trustable according to Jin, he trusts them to lead the incorporation of these stray people accordingly. Former Kumul ministers Yulbars Khan and Hoja Niyaz have also been allowed in the government, although in rather lower level positions alongside being watched closely by other officials.
All competent individuals, this should go well.
The Southern Government
Ma Shaowu's reaction to the annexation of Kumul has been less than positive to put it lightly, although for reasons other than political. Kumul, the peacekeeper of Xinjiang, did have a notable effect in suppressing northern Uyghur nationalism but the south is what truly benefited from this arrangement. The more conservative southern people have long been the hotbed for unorganised uprisings and rebellions which Shaowu has done well to contain so far through the use of police and overall suppression of information. However, such a major move as this might be too much to contain, despite Shaowu's assurance otherwise.
Let's hope things stay okay down there.
Sheng's Establishment
With Sheng now occupying the position of Dao-yin of Aksu, he has begun to establish his own government within the area similar to Ma Shaowu's deeper within the south of Xinjiang. Already filling the cabinet with his own clique of trusted individuals, he plans on rooting out the unrest plaguing the region before an organised uprising can occur, already beginning to form his own division to quell the sparks of conflict. While this could mean the further division of the deeply divided Xinjiang, it is preferable to the bastard Fan Yaonan or the possibility of falling to the Turks. Of course, a wary eye must still be kept to ensure Sheng does not get ideas above his station.
The position is in good hands.
The Aksu Army
Sheng's army has been complete, ready to be mobilised under the central government. While Sheng will be controlling the army directly, he promises that supervision will be under Jin Shuren at all times. His loyalty has been true so far, perhaps suspiciously so, but as long as he continues his declaration of loyalty, no problems should stand. However, problems aren't completely absent. Jin Shuren's brother and Provincial Commissioner for Military Affairs Jin Shuxin has protested Sheng's growing influence within the government, stating that Sheng is not what he seems and needs to be removed from power at once. Of course we can't just remove such a skilled official, but maybe we can keep a closer eye on him?
Sheng can be trusted, ignore him.
Maybe closer watch can be employed.
The Annexation Reaches the South
As we suspected, the news of Kumul's annexation has begun to spread throughout the major cities of Hotan and Kashgar, with their audiences baffled that such a move was even considered by Jin Shuren in the first place. Shaowu has begun to move his troops to these areas in order to restore peace, this is certain to have a lasting effect on our population's will to cooperate with the government in the future.
Hopefully this doesn't cause too many problems.
Uyghurs See Opportunity
As if things couldn't get worse for our weakened government, the news of the Kumul Uprising has reached the south as well and the result is as expected. Unrest and riots have begun to skyrocket even stronger then the initial annexation's result, with certain individuals managing to make themselves known. Particularly in Aksu, actions have only increased in violence as the wealthy Bughra Brothers have joined the riots, funding their efforts. While contained to Kashgar and Hotan for now, it isn't expected to remain there for long, as many see it reaching other major cities as well. We can only hope that this isn't the case and Shaowu can handle himself.
We should stay wary.
Our Ally Ma Shaowu Marches North
Shaowu is marching north! Unexpectedly prompt from the southern government, Ma Shaowu has begun to march north to assist in the suppression of the Kumul Uprising, citing it as 
A complete idiot, that one.
Miner Uprising in Keriya
As expected, the worst has begun. The south has begun to explode, with the uprising being in neither Kashgar nor Hotan but in the minor mining town of Keriya. Miners fed up with the lack of pay and ludicrous taxation have overthrown the administrators of the region, with many citing the wealthy Bughra Family being the ones funding their efforts. Now with a small amount of rifles, they have begun to march to Aksu in the name of Uyghur independence.
Damned Bughras...
The Hotan Amirs
With the uprising in Keriya in full swing, the tensions have finally risen within Hotan as the Bughra Family have declared their own Hotan Emirate, declaring independence from the Chinese government, aiming to take all of Xinjiang. With Muhammad Amin Bughra, Abdullah Bughra, and Nur Ahmad Jan Bughra all becoming officially 
We can handle this, I swear.
The Southern Revolt
As Shaowu continues to march to Aksu, Kashgar was left completely exposed to the possibility of overthrow, and that's exactly what happened. Former landowner in Aksu Timur Beg marched to Aksu, using his wealth to fund the rebels further. Slowly gaining the advantage against the small garrison, more and more continued to rise up against Shaowu's rule, having the Inner Kashgar City completely surrounded on all sides as the garrison desperately fights on in the hope of survival. With the most major locations in the south being captured by the dirty traitors, it can no longer be considered to be under our control, at least for the time being. The other garrisons have begun to completely panic and deploy themselves in the hopes of fighting to survive, but their chances are unlikely.\n\n§RThe Uyghur Rebellion has begun.§!
Our rapid victory over the Han Governorate has created a major power vacuum, destabilising the entire region. As the shock-waves of Dihua's defeat reverberate through the south, former Aksu landowner Timur Beg marched on the city, using his wealth to amass a large rebel army to claim his own stake on the province. The demoralised garrison in the city put up little resistance as more and more continued to rise up against both our and the former regime's rule. Inner Kashgar city was completely surrounded on all sides and fell to a rapid assault as it becomes clear that no one is able to stop them. It seems we are not alone in wanting control over Xinjiang.\n\n§RThe Uyghur Rebellion has begun.§!
This can't be!
For independence!
Turfan Garrison Silence
Ma Fuming, who has led the garrison in Turfan for years now has refused to move his garrison due to 
If he betrays us...
Ma Fuming Deserts our Ranks
Ma Fuming, due to our lack of action towards his declaration of neutrality, has officially betrayed us in favour of the Kumuliks. His garrison has been deployed and is currently skirmishing with our other forces. Already outnumbered, this is only more of a dash to Jin's reputation as we continue to be on the back foot of this conflict and more desert us. We'll need to be more careful in the future.
This could lead to further problems...
Xinjiang Deserters Arrive
The Turfan garrison under Ma Fuming has defected to our ranks, mobilising for the sake of a more equal Xinjiang. Rumours of discontent are stemming from the Xinjiang administration, something we can probably be gaining more from in the future if things continue to head in this direction. Nonetheless, more manpower for our noble cause is always a welcome change as we continue on our Jihad against the Han dictators.
This works for us.
Ma Fuming's Turfan Garrison Negotiations
We've made contact with the Turfan garrison under Ma Fuming in the hopes of convincing him against his defection to the Kumuliks. Unluckily for us however, he's been very resistant to any and all attempts of concessions and doesn't seem to want to budge on the issue of mobilising his army. Jin has declared the negotiations fruitless, and suggests sending troops to take him out and put someone else in charge of the army. While a radical proposal that could have some success, many others within the government think that continuing on with the negotiations will show our patience to this more than frustrated man and convince him to change his mind. Either choice is really valid, and could very easily shape the rest of the war.
Kill him now. Do it.
Patience is a virtue.
Turfan Garrison Deployed
It seems Jin's idea was the good choice after all. Sending a small regiment to kill Fuming in his sleep, proper leadership has been re-established over the garrison despite some initial chaos. The new command has deployed the garrison and is ready to be commanded. Many are impressed by Jin's handling of the situation here, allowing us to keep possible rebellion within our ranks silent for now.
Jin truly is the greatest.
Turfan Garrison Deployed?
After many more hours of what many would consider infuriating negotiations with the insufferable Ma Fuming, Jin finally reached a boiling point, completely cutting off all messages to the garrison. The latest news we've heard is of the garrison being deployed, but considering the lack of message towards us about mobilisation, we are better off believing that it is not deployed in our favour. Many are calling Jin Shuren a fool for such blunder, as the Kumuliks only grow stronger from our own incompetence.
Xinjiang is plagued with barbarians.
Mobilisation of the Turfan Garrison
Ma Fuming, the warlord controlling over Turfan, had previously refused to mobilise his forces due to fear of being overrun by our uprising. While many within our ranks predicted he would soon be defecting to our side and ignored him, Jin shockingly killed Fuming in his sleep in order to end the bickering once and for all. The garrison has now mobilised in the name of the Xinjiang governorship, leaving them stronger and more unified then ever. Of course with Zhongying and the mighty Yulbars on our side, they still shouldn't stand a chance against us.
Victory will come anyhow.
Zhang Beiyuan In Doubt
Like many other of our various garrisons, Zhang Beiyuan has refused to move his regiment of troops despite multiple reminders to do so. Zhang is a close friend of Jin so this comes as a surprise even to him, assuming he at least had his loyalty of all people. Currently sitting in between Dihua and Aksu, many are worried about the possibility of him remaining this way throughout the entire war or even betraying our rightful cause in favour of the Kumuliks. Perhaps checking up on the man wouldn't be a bad move if we wish to convince him that our side is just?
He can't keep getting away with it!
Commander Zhang Beiyuan Defects
Zhang Beiyuan was left to his own devices for too long, running away with his army overnight heading towards the Kumulik camp. Such a close friend of Jin simply leaving without a word only further stains Jin's already terrible reputation during this time of trouble, with rumours coming through of officials defecting to Sheng's 
Hardly a friend, that one.
Xinjiang Deserters Arrive
Adding to the list of people who hate Jin Shuren with a healthy passion is Zhang Beiyuan, former close friend of Jin who has come to see his incompetency lead to his downfall alongside us. He brings with him supplies and manpower to help us continue our effort to bring Xinjiang a better administration then what it has currently. Together, we can end Jin's imperialism against all within Xinjiang once and for all.
Victory comes soon.
A Letter to Zhang Beiyuan
*
Of course he'd come to reason.
Disunity
With Jin being the cause of both the southern uprising and the Kumulik rebellion, many are beginning to grow disillusioned with his rule as governor, seeing him as an incompetent individual who can't even rule over one province properly. Jin will need to tread carefully as letting these rumours be proven true could lead to his downfall as governor and the ascension of someone with different interests in the province. Many rumour this individual to be Sheng Shicai, the Dao-yin of Aksu himself, but surely such a loyal and responsible individual would never try anything of the sort during a time where the governorship needs to be united.
Surely no one would betray us.
Rumours of Army Dissent
Sheng Shicai, a man of mystery that many more are becoming attracted to as Jin Shuren continues to show his incapability of managing the mess he has caused within Xinjiang. Many have begun to flock to his Aksu based clique including the former southern warlord himself Ma Shaowu. Many see his significant military experience and competency in managing the city of Aksu as a healthy alternative to both Jin Shuren and Shaowu, who have both proven their inability to manage a true crisis.\n\nSheng is calm, Sheng is responsible, Sheng is the man we need. Those are the words slipping out of the poisonous breath of those in our administration as Jin time and time again shows his complete foolishness. Sheng too has joined the voices speaking against Jin, and Jin is worried that his reign may soon be brought to an abrupt end.
Surely not...
Sheng Shicai's Army Coup
Jin Shuren marched out of his quarters, confident in his new plan to end the Kumuliks and Uyghur nationalists and bring order back to his rule. However, his march was closed off sooner then he expected, quickly stopped by his own guards, being forced to the pavement and dragged away from his home. He woke in the place he expected to be, the government capital, still being restrained by his guards. In front of him, Sheng Shicai, wielding a rifle. Without a word, Sheng points his rifle at Jin, as Jin begs for mercy among who he assumed was his most loyal subject. This fell upon deaf ears much to Jin's dismay, as the muzzle lit up and shot him, with Sheng's face being the last thing Jin saw in his lifetime.\n\nSheng Shicai has been installed as the new governor of Xinjiang, having overwhelming support from his fellow administrators including Ma Shaowu. Ready to bring Xinjiang into a new future, Sheng is ready to march unto the scene and end this pointless chaos once and for all.
For a new start!
Recomposing the Xinjiang Government
With our victory, we now have our hands on a trickier situation. Many within our government simply cowered in fear as they watched our beloved province fall to pieces right before their eyes, and we are left with the cowards fate. They'll be facing demotion to positions in Kashgar, with some of the ones being moved including Ma Shaowu who could be blamed for the East Turkestan Uprising and Mahmut Muhti, who formally served Kumul but has willing joined our government. The question remains of just how massive these punishments on our part should be, as upsetting too many officials could bite us in the back later, but could give us a chance to remove any threats to our power.
Mercy should be a point of our government.
No cowards are safe from our revolution, mass demotion.
The Uyghur Traitors
The East Turkestan Uprising was a disaster resulting in the deaths of many innocents, with the majority of the blame consequently falling onto Ma Shaowu's shoulders. Some of our government officials defected to their side when we needed them most, the most notable being the Uyghur official Burhan Shahidi. While he has faced the fate of a lower government position in Kashgar due to his military and political experience being notable, the fate of those who followed him to their side still needs to be decided. Most are simply power hungry simpletons who want any grasp at power, but filling the government will still have its uses in ensuring stability with the people and officials.
They can be introduced to the new Kashgar government.
How dare they think they deserve forgiveness.
The Purge of Uyghur Soldiers
As another meeting began in the Kashgar government between Ma Shaowu, Mahmut Muhti, and Burhan Shahidi on the composition of the government, something... unexpected occurred. The entire building they were in began to catch fire, as they were quickly surrounded by hellscape on all sides, unable to escape. While during their last moments, they were able to question how they had gotten to this point, they all knew the cause deep inside. The fire was coordinated by Sheng himself in order to remove his last remaining rivals from Xinjiang, leaving only simple ministers who don't question his orders at his side. As what were seen as the last great three in Xinjiang all died together in one great flame, Sheng had finally managed to secure his rule once and for all.
A new Xinjiang is secured.
The Purge of Uyghur Soldiers
As another meeting began in the Kashgar government between Ma Shaowu, Mahmut Muhti, and Burhan Shahidi on the composition of the government, something... unexpected occurred. The entire building they were in began to catch fire, with them barely being able to escape due to forewarning from lower members of government. They already knew the reason behind this, as this was no accident, but the workings of Sheng to remove his remaining political rivals once and for all. The three men under Ma Shaowu rode north with a small regiment in the hopes of being able to overthrow Sheng swiftly before he has time to react. This is their last resort as the fate of Xinjiang lies on the table, but whether such a desperate gambit can even succeed is another question.
Shaowu's gambit is a massive failure.
Sheng is overthrown in Aksu.
Sheng's Purge Fails
What Sheng heard was going to be a meeting between Ma Shaowu, Mahmut Muhti, and Burhan Shahidi was currently under way in Kashgar, but something... unexpected occurred. While Sheng's plan was to set fire to the building and end his three greatest threats once and for all, none of them were in the building. In fact, the entire building was empty, without a trace of any soul. All of this was in the report given to Sheng, as panic began to set in over the whereabouts of his three rivals. He would meet them sooner then expected however, as them and their army soon surrounded Aksu before Sheng could react. Sheng had been betrayed, as his own northern government was infiltrated by agents of the three men allowing this plot to occur. Sheng has no choice but to surrender, leaving him to be imprisoned with his fate decided at a later point, as Shaowu now rules over Xinjiang in his Triumvirate alongside Mahmut Muhti and Burhan Shahidi.
Maybe we shouldn't have given them so many resources...
Kumul Boils in Violence
What Jin Shuren could not see from his palace in Dihua was the rampant dissatisfaction brewing in Hami. Not only in the dispossessed Begs and unemployed Advisors, but the very people of Hami were anxious for reform. Now the people rally around [KUM.GetLeader] and raise their banners high in response to the final cruelty imposed by Jin's regime. With a road directly running from Hami to Dihua, it is essential we stomp this rebellion, and fast.
Heed my every order and you might survive.
Dealing with Dzungari Banditry
With Jin Shuren doubling down on his rule, he has found himself in charge of the banditry problem among the northern Mongolian population. Moving in from Mongolia itself, this group has begun to wreak havoc among the Kazakh and Uyghur population within the region. While a minor problem for now, it should be dealt with before they can gain momentum and even possibly defect to Mongolia itself. Jin Shuren already has a partially supplied and manned regiment ready to move, leaving us in a good position to end this now.
Time to end this.
Mongol Bandit Camp Spotted
As our troops began their advance, they spotted what seems to be one of the main Mongolian camps being used to smuggle arms to bandits. Like many Mongol encampments, the camp is undefended but hard to sneak up on. Currently having around 500 cavalry marching around and checking on supply, our troops are ready to march and cause chaos at any time. All we need is the order to move.
Begin the assault.
The Assault on the Mongol Bandit Camp
While our troops did indeed get the jump on the enemy causing chaos initially, it seems the effect was rather short lived as they managed to regroup quickly before another regiment of 50 cavalry on the enemies side. Clashes have begun once again, although on much more even footing. We still outnumber by a significant amount, but it isn't predicted that we'll be escaping this one unscathed if the battle keeps heading in this direction.
Are the troops capable of anything?
Victory at a Cost
The smoke has finally settled with the troops returning home... less than alright. While they did indeed manage to disperse and destroy the Mongolian camp, they were faced with many losses and less guns then what they came in with. While this should significantly lower the frequency of raids and the organisation of these bandits, it came at its own costs that we'll have to pay the price for. Hopefully another operation like this will not be necessary anytime soon.
It was worth it in the end.
Striking the Ruler of Kashgar
The loose rebels of East Turkestan are unified by one figure: Sabit Damulla. The Bughra brothers of Hotan and the merchant noble Timur Beg are only unified by Sabit Damulla. If you remove Sabit, you remove their unity, and their coalition is likely to collapse. After finding out the location of Sabit Damulla from an interrogation, our military staff has decided that now is the time to act. The person most prepared to run this mission is our general Burhan Shahidi. He hates the Uyghur rebels more than most, and has in the past shown decent success at missions like this. We could send him into rebel land with a small group of professional troops, and attack Damulla's house while he sleeps. Hopefully, Shahidi will succeed.
Good luck to Shahidi.
Assassination Attempt on Sabit Damulla!
A tragic event has occurred today. While Sabit Damulla slept in his house, his guards waited lazily outside, not focusing on the mountains around them. As one of the guards sat on a step, taking apart his gun, his skull was suddenly filled with lead. The gunshot rang through the valley, as the rest of the guards sprang into action. A firefight broke out as, from the peak of a nearby hill, a band of soldiers, around 18 strong, charged down the hill, led by Xinjiang Clique general Burhan Shahidi. The group were able to kill the 7 guards outside the house, but lost 3 themselves. As they approached the house, they lost 2 more to guards shooting out from the window. Shahidi himself kicked through the door and shot another guard through the head with his pistol. The group travelled through the house and killed another 3 guards, losing none themselves. Now, the only one left was Sabit Damulla. As they approached Sabit's bedroom, Shahidi reloaded his pistol, smiling at his success. However, when he bashed through the door, all he found was an empty bed and an open window. Shahidi realised his mistake of not leaving more soldiers outside to guard the perimeter, as Sabit Damulla slipped through his grasp. Within the hour hundreds of Sabits troops got to the house, but by then Shahidi and his men had gone.\n\nThough the assassination was a failure, it will still have dire consequences. Sabit Damulla, paranoid for his life, has gone into hiding, leaving it very difficult to communicate with him. Divisions are left disorganised and are even sometimes turning against each other.
Damn them!
Assassination failed on Sabit Damulla
Burhan Shahidi has returned, having failed his mission. He recounts a story of how his men charged down a hill towards Sabit Damulla's house, killing multiple guards on their way down. He talks of how he himself kicked down the front door and shot multiple guards with his pistol. However, by the time he got to Sabit's bedroom, he had escaped.\n\nThough Shahidi failed in his mission, this is not a total loss. Our spies in Hotan and Kashgar have told us that Sabit Damulla has gone into hiding, completely isolating himself from most other people. This has led to complete disorganisation in the East Turkestan forces.
Not a total loss.
Reports of Yang Zengxin in Yunnan
Following the disappearance of Xinjiang's sage governor Yang Zengxin, reporters have flocked to Mengzi in Yunnan to get the scoop from his hometown. The townspeople of Mengzi remarked that Yang's family is still well off, and are refusing to give hints as to where Yang would have gone. Most reporters came to the conclusion that Yang had returned to his military post in Gansu, and ended their investigation there. The intrepid few with connections in Gansu, however, have reported that Yang has not been seen in Gansu, but traces of his gold bullion have shown up in the hands of trade merchants in Yunnan. Although there is no solid proof as of yet, it appears that Yang could either have been robbed or is living incognito.
A good mystery.
Xinjiang Clique Erupts in War
It seems like the Western Gate between China and Central Asia has broken down into violence once again. Governor [SIK.GetLeader]'s recent dispute with Kumul has resulted in a large contingent of volunteer soldiers rising up against the army garrison. Rumours say that the Turks to the far west are also preparing to defy the Governor once again.\n\nThe Governor of Xinjiang, should he remain Chinese, represents a potential ally to the southern republican cliques. The Kumuliks, however, seem to vary greatly in between respect for Beijing to restless xenophobia. The Eastern Turks doubtlessly would separate from China entirely should they win.
Yang Zengxin's final failure.
Recognise Three Reigns
Xinjiang, despite what the official documents may claim, has a decentralised power structure centred around three cities. These cities, Dihua, Aksu, and Khotan, control three vital forts and administer the richest land for cultivation outside of Kumul. The Dao-yin, which replaced the Amban, decide the fate of Xinjiang.
Dihua Governorship
Jin Shuren's fortress in Dihua has persevered against the rebels. Jin Shuren attributes the might of the Han system of governance, as built by Yang Zengxin and refined by himself, as the reason Xinjiang has prevailed. Jin will now purge those who questioned their loyalty to him.
Make Them Pay
The rebels in Kashgar and Kumul are more than just pawns of foreign imperial powers, they themselves are capable of self governance. Jin Shuren has promised his loyal men the land and wealth of those that betrayed him, and now they are ready to collect.
New Taxes
The taxes that incited such anger in Kumul are to be re-imposed, in spite of their reluctance. There is no other way to ply obedience from these provincials without setting the law and applying it justly to everyone. If they can't afford to pay, they should just leave Xinjiang for good.
Vanity Projects
Jin Shuren has dedicated state funds to a set of statues to him and his brave Han warriors to be erected throughout Xinjiang. These statues require new masonry and plumbing facilities. Future generations of Han and provincials will look to heroes like Burhan Shahidi and Ma Shaowu and see the pinnacle of morality.
A Closer Clique
The distribution of power between Dihua, Aksu and Khotan has proven to be unsustainable. Jin Shuren has made the generous decision to hire all capable bureaucrats currently serving in these cities to Dihua to centralise his rule. Even more graciously, Jin will pay the same to bureaucrats regardless of their ethnicity.
A New Suppression Campaign
In Xinjiang, conflicts are a family affair. Jin Shuren knew this, and is glad he left his family behind in Gansu. For those who were unlucky enough to oppose Jin, their families will be imprisoned as collateral to ensure they will not commit to any more protracted rebellions.
The Gansu Road
The road to Gansu bends around the salt lake of Lop Nur, and passes through Hami. This route gave disproportionate influence to the ungrateful Khanate that used to live there. To avoid giving Hami any more influence, Jin has decided that a new trade route will be built that crosses the desert through Loulan and Dunhuang.
Colonise Hami
The people of Hami suffered under the ill rule of the ancient Chagatai khans, prisoners of the ancient barbarian regimes. No more! Hami will have their open lands resold at affordable prices to the grateful people of Xinjiang, who will help modernise Xinjiang.
Sharing the Love
There was a great bounty of gold confiscated from the Uyghurs in the Tarim Basin, which has finally arrived in Dihua. After Governor Jin sufficiently compensated himself for his thankless work, he has magnanimously given the remaining gold to the families who fought alongside him, and landlords who gave their grain to feed the army.
Statewide Projects
Jin Shuren has authorised a series of needed repairs to cover the significant vulnerabilities in our military. These projects will hopefully enable us to better utilise our hard-to-reach natural resources.
Trade Deals
As Jin took power so soon before the rebels came out in force, he has not had the time to reaffirm the trade deals Yang Zengxin made. A stable trade flow will restore the peoples' confidence in Jin.
The Dao-yin of Hotan
After having to live under a succession of cruel Chinese petty-dictators, Ma Shaowu has triumphed in Khotan. As de-facto Governor, Ma Shaowu is the first leader of Xinjiang in decades to openly practise Islam. Ma vows to correct the decades of hollow promises with his Jahriyya oath to never hide his intentions from the people.
Secret Police
The Jahriyya order opposes all forms of secrecy... except for the Secret Police. Ma Shaowu needs his men to monitor the radical Jadidists and ultranationalist Han. Without the Secret Police, future insurrection from these groups is a foregone conclusion.
Cutting off Central Asia
The Jadidists that threaten Ma Shaowu's religious and political position are the byproduct of Central Asian agitation. If we are to ensure the end of Jadidist influence, we must set down the law to the Turkomans and Kazakhs. They are not permitted to fortify their borders with us, and immigrants to Xinjiang must surrender their weapons.
Inspiration from Jahriyya
The Jahriyya has survived centuries of persecution through their adherence to Sufism over Hanafi Islam. Now we have the freedom to show Xinjiang the centuries of commentary that have laid in secret and suppressed.
Tungan Abstinence
It is outrageous to the Governor that his garrisons are still plagued by drug addicted soldiers. The Turpan garrison showed a much greater restraint, and should be the model for all of Xinjiang's armed forces. We shall summarily replace the drug addicts in our military with sober Muslims, who will not let the situation degrade as it did under other leaders.
Opening Immigration
The open land we confiscated during the Kumul and Turkestan rebellions are now laying untilled. In order to secure the loyalty of future residents and to make back some money, we have opened up the land to immigration.
Menhuan Education
The Governor has invited the Sufi orders that are scattered around Western China to practise openly in Xinjiang. Menhuan will help replace the closed madrasa that were being used to radicalise the Uyghurs.
The New Army
The massive losses sustained through attrition and mismanagement of the army must end. The Governor has taken his Generals to tasks for their shortcomings, and vows to review the army and finance reforms using state funds.
Removing the Mongol Threat
The Mongols threatened Dzungaria in our darkest hour, and we must never forget that. The Governor, with the backing of the Muslims in Xinjiang, is ready to make the Mongols answer for their wanton aggression on the Ummah.
Extending the Network
The isolation of Xinjiang was due to Yang Zengxin's own paranoid leadership and kleptocracy. If Xinjiang is ever to recover and compete with both Central Asia and China, we must expand our trade network.
Purging Suspicion
The civil servants of Xinjiang must be jaded at this point by the cycle of coups in their offices. Suspicion is not something the Governor can erase easily, but a good step towards creating a permanent government in Xinjiang is a mass promotion of those civil servants that did not steal from their office or engage in graft.
The Dao-yin of Aksu
Sheng's brief time as Dao-yin of Aksu has seen the city rise to great influence while the rest of Xinjiang crumbled. Governor Sheng is now ready to use Aksu as a launching ground politically for a radical set of reforms that are compatible with Marxism, Federalism, and even western democracy as seen in India.
Establish Neutrality
Governor Sheng is extremely wary of committing to a national conflict. Sending Xinjiang's soldiers abroad could invite dissidents at home to revolt once again. So, as a pragmatic adoption of the southern Chinese republican thought, Sheng has proclaimed neutrality in Western China.
The Seven Point Manifesto
After compiling a set of programmes from Southern China, including Sun-Yat Sen's Principles, Karl Marx's Capital, and Chen's Federalist declaration, Sheng has formulated a Seven Point Manifesto to reform Xinjiang towards true democracy with regards to the limitations of war time.
Equality of Races
One of Sheng's Seven Points is to end racial segregation in Xinjiang. As the Five Races Banner illustrates, China must recognise racial diversity, and incorporate Han with Hui, Mongol, and Tibetan. These four races have underlying mutual self interest in Chinese unity, something East Turkestan did not want.
Kazakh Exodus
The Kazakh people living on the border of Xinjiang are a source for future discontent. From sneaking Ottoman agitators into Kashgar, to distributing Jadidist literature, there is no value gained by tolerating them in Xinjiang.
Filling the Government
When the cities of Xinjiang crumbled, the civil servants of Xinjiang were scattered. It is important that, when refilling the government service, we imprint the Seven Points into the fabric of our bureaucracy. This includes hiring Hui, Mongol, and Tibetans, should they have the proper qualifications.
Positions for Uyghurs
Although separate, Uyghurs in Xinjiang did play a valuable role in defending Dihua. Governor Sheng feels that the tide of public opinion is slowly turning against Jadidists, and a reward to loyal officers like Burhan Shahidi is in order.
The Purge
It has come to the Governor's attention that there are inconsolable issues between the Uyghur and Hui people in Xinjiang. This is manifested in not only the rivalry between Jahriyya and Jadidist, but in a reinforcement of Chinese language as a shibboleth. Another, more organised purge may be necessary to solve this.
The Kuomintang's Xinjiang
The Kuomintang has interested Sheng Shicai for decades, going back to his early days in Manchuria. Having taken a position against direct intervention if unnecessary, Governor Sheng has chosen to aid the KMT through donations from the state treasury.
Education Reform
The madrasa in Kashgar, when Sheng shut it down, created a gap in education for the city. Like so many other towns in Xinjiang, formal education has been replaced with religious education by obvious Ottoman infiltrators. True education for Xinjiang must be secular, focused on science, and be open to both girls and boys.
Modernist Schools
Where the madras and menhuan failed Xinjiang, the Modernist school will succeed. Governor Sheng has assembled several university-trained educators in his office to hammer out a modern, westernised education curriculum.
Local Teachers
The folly of the Yang and Jin government was their mistrust of their own people to educate each other. Just as our Governor educated himself, so will the people utilise and adapt the revolutionary literature of our time to improve their lives.
Cultural Promotion Societies
The people of Xinjiang suffer from the Imperialist mindset. Instead of working towards cooperation, it is evident to Governor Sheng that the Uyghur and Hui people will need to be supported within the Han system of the Kuomintang. This can be achieved through Cultural Promotion Societies.
Curbing the Addiction
The garrisons of Xinjiang suffered under Yang Zengxin's leadership, especially with regards to discipline. Soldiers have been known to visit Gansu and load up on opium during holidays. It is time for the Governor to take responsibility for the army and ban drugs from army bases.
Expand Tungan Recruitment
The Tungan people are neglected by the Western Gate, and are suffering more than most in Western China. This makes the Tungan people ideal recruits for the Xinjiang military, which can elevate and allow young men to escape poverty in their home town.
Uyghur Militia
The Uyghur people suffer greatly during this time of disunity, and their young men wander aimlessly for a purpose. In order to ensure they do not fall under into the clutches of the Jadidists, we must make the effort to recruit them into a militia. The militia will be a safeguard against anti Han agitation, even if it is never strong enough to be used.
Proper Training
The Governor has ordered new training manuals from Baoding to be shipped to his office, convinced that new developments in military schools outmode current training. Should these manuals win over the general staff, our garrisons are to be trained in the new drills immediately.
Expand the Arms Industry
The arms industry in Xinjiang has long depended on outdated weapons from the east being sold to us at inflated prices. The Governor wishes to ensure that future conflict will not be derailed by defective weaponry, thus he is authorising the hiring of more machinists.
Expand Kashgar Chinese Schooling
Kashgar, in the wake of the madrasa's closing, lacks any form of reliable education. Education is seen by the Governor not only as a tool for economic growth, but for increasing his influence on the young men of Xinjiang. A Chinese school in Kashgar will achieve both goals.
Raid Nationalist Camps
Nationalist camps on the border of Xinjiang have taken advantage of the fertile land in recent years to set up farms. It is our belief that some of the opium that our soldiers are addicted to is coming from these nationalist camps. If we were to exercise our right to disperse these camps, their opium farms would be ours.
Russian Technology
The Russian delegation in Xinjiang has whittled down to a single unpaid diplomat, whom is seriously considering retirement. If we can encourage the delegate to send letters to Russia claiming the province is under control, we may be able to attract some Russian engineers to help us survive.
Foreign Assistance
The current state of the Xinjiang foreign office is lamentable. Where just two decades ago Russian diplomats, Ambans, and British explorers gladly filed in to inform the Governor, now most avoid it for fear of being extorted by the few remaining bureaucrats. The Governor has authorised the hiring of more bureaucrats to reform the office.
The Russian Connection
Diplomatic relations with Russia were not kept up under Governor Yang Zengxin, and our remaining influence on Russia comes in the form of land grants to speculators. The Governor has compiled a list of land grants to entice Russians to immigrate to Xinjiang, and indirectly make our safety a greater concern for Russia as a whole.
Russian Economic Investment
It is reported that in Kazan there are fraudulent claims in Xinjiang for sale. It is the opinion of the Governor that, in order to bring legitimacy to his office and entice Russian investment, some of these land grants should be honoured. So long as they are for land we haven't already sold.
Industrial Expansion
The vast flow of unemployed workers into Xinjiang is an opportunity for us to expand the provincial armoury. The Governor has authorised the construction of inner city roads to facilitate heavy industry, which will hopefully be the tipping point for enterprising citizens to build factories for themselves.
Expanding the North
Dzungaria has been at risk of invasion from the Mongols for decades, and we having to expend significant energy patrolling the land. Fixing the main road through Dzungaria will go a long way towards keeping it secure and the people happy.
Mineral Expedition
There are rumours that a massive oil deposit exists in Dunshanzi. It is well worth the cost for the Governor to send engineers out to Dunshanzi and assess the value of the land. We can hopefully recoup the cost by producing valuable land grants.
Connecting the South
Tunganistan has suffered under the decades of neglect under Yang Zengxin's regime. Now the multitudes of requests to fix the road from Kashgar to Khotan can be granted, and the people there to benefit from our administration.
Increasing Dihua's Capacity
The battlements around Dihua have left a lot of land cleared of vegetation. This fallow land cannot be used for farming yet, but with the proper direction the land can be flattened for modern machine factories.
Dihua Fortifications
The walls of Dihua are covered in torn propaganda. These words cannot defend against determined rebels any more. The Governor has authorised additional fortifications to be built around Dihua to add power to our new propaganda we write on the walls.
Settling Dzungarian Tribes
The tribes of Dzungaria have been unable to reap the benefits from the good harvests of 1936. Their town leaders have requested permission to resettle south, something the Governor does not want, but lacks the force to deny.
Northern Gold
The rumours of gold in western Xinjiang have made their way into fraudulent land grants you can find throughout western China. It is obvious to the Governor that an official expedition to the reported sources of gold must be made. The potential wealth, if proven true, will more than pay for the trip.
Expand the Hotan Carpet Factory
Khotan is famed for their hardy wool carpets, to the point where you can find markets in Afghanistan and India passing them off as ours. It may behove the Governor to invest in a large scale carpet factory in Khotan, if only for the ability to manipulate the market and increase their value.
Investing in Kashgar
The destruction wrought in Kashgar must be answered with concern. The Governor has authorised funding to go into repairing and building small scale industry in Kahsgar.
Navigating the Taklamakan
The Taklamakan basin is a death trap for travellers, and for decades has been circumvented by the road to Kumul. With the latest insurgency seeing armies cross the basin to ambush us, it is worth it to consider setting up small outposts in the basin to allow us to navigate it in an emergency.
Open the Mines
The mines of Khotan that were closed during the strike are finally reopened. Miners are easily found to replace the rebels in the numerous immigrants to Xinjiang.
Connecting Xinjiang
The greatest goal of any modern Xinjiang governor is to have a railway. Thought impossible due to the extreme temperature, banditry, and costs, it may be time to revive the dream.
Yang Zengxin
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1864, in Mengzi, Yunnan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEver since the Northern Expedition and proceeding German intervention, Yang Zengxin has been highly panicked and sickly with his old age. Spending most of his time hidden inside his home, he is hardly ever heading out due to fear of assassination or catching his last fateful disease. On top of remaining completely politically isolated within China, people don't know how much longer he will last in his current state, but he is certainly not in stable condition.§!
Fan Yaonan
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Gong'an County, Hubei Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFan Yaonan was first recognised by Qing official Zhang Zhidong and promoted within Hubei, and was able to save up enough to attend law school at Waseda University in Japan. After graduation, Fan served as a teacher at the Xinjiang Law School until he was appointed a judicial director. That year, the court was abolished and Fan travelled to Beijing to serve under the Beiyang Government. Passed up for the position of Dao-Yin of Dihua, Fan was appointed Dao-Yin of the more impoverished Aksu. Furthering his education, Fan learned Russian at the Xinjiang Russian Law School and tried to promote cohesion between the newly arrived Russian immigrants to Aksu. In 1920, Governor Yang Zengxin appointed Fan as Xinjiang's representative to Russia, wherein Fan negotiated a deal to end Russian tariffs on Xinjiang until 1940. Fan Yaonan is known for his humbleness and quiet opposition to Governor Yang Zengxin's over-taxation of Aksu.§!
Ma Shaowu
§YBorn:§! §L1874, in Tonghai County, Yunnan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMa Shaowu's reputation was already coloured by the exploits of his Sufi relative, Ma Yuanzhang, who had worked against Yang Zengxin's government and the Hanafi Hui warlord Ma Fuxiang. Ma Shaowu nonetheless spent his early years employed by the Qing and Yang Zengxin. Yang Zengxin was impressed by Ma Shaowu's loyalty and appointed him to dispose of the warlord Ma Fuxing in 1924. Ma Shaowu was given the Dao-Yin of Hotan as a reward. Ma Shaowu's policy as Dao-Yin leaned more towards opposing aggressive Russian immigration and held Uyghurs and Mongolian residents in low regard. Following an assassination attempt by a Kirghiz Turk, Ma Shaowu sought treatment for his broken legs in Russia, Ma Shaowu told his story to travelling journalist Peter Fleming, who commented on the resilience of the old man, as well as his ascetic lifestyle.§!
Sheng Shicai
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1897, in Kaiyuan, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSheng was born to an enterprising but poor family in Manchuria, which paid for him to attend the Provincial Forestry and Agricultural School in Shenyang. Sheng went on to Waseda University in 1917, where he was introduced to a mixture of Sun Yat-sen rhetoric and the book 'ABCs of Socialism'. Sheng described himself as a Marxist upon his return in 1920, and decided to enter the military service. First fighting under Zhang Zuolin in 1924, Sheng became incensed at the anti-intellectual policies Zhang espoused, and left for Japan once again to receive more military training. Upon the failure of the Northern Expedition, Sheng returned to China and joined the Guominjun under Feng Yuxiang in 1928. Following the destruction of Gansu, Sheng took a job offer from Fan Yaonan to lead the Aksu Garrison. Sheng became aware of Jin Shuren's foray into underground politics in 1935, and chose not to alert Yang Zengxin, due to his latent Marxist ideals against Yang's despotism.§!
Jin Shuren
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Yongjing County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJin Shuren's career began in Gansu, where he served as the principal of the Qing-aligned Gansu Normal School. Jin used this position to pass the Imperial Civil Service Examinations, which got Jin the attention of Yang Zengxin. When Yang was appointed Governor of Xinjiang in 1908, Jin became his district magistrate. The ensuing years of revolution depleted Yang's administrative staff, pushing Jin higher until he was appointed Commissioner of Civil Affairs in Urmuqi in 1927. Jin began to use his position as Commissioner to curry favour with several of the propagandising movements coming from Southern China. The underground KMT movement and nascent Federalist movements regarded Jin as a model Han bureaucrat serving what they regard as undeserving provincials.§!
Long Xielin
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Burhan Shahidi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1894, in Kazan Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBurhan Shahidi was born to a family whose ancestors had fled from Aksu after a failed peasant uprising during the Qing dynasty. His family was poor and he received little schooling in his early years. In 1912, after the Xinhai Revolution, Burhan accompanied Tatar merchants to Dihua in Xinjiang and worked as an apprentice and store-clerk. In 1914, Burhan was able to apply and receive Chinese citizenship from the Republic of China on account of his family's ancestry. He spoke Uyghur, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Turkish and some Arabic and acted as the interpreter for Xinjiang Governor Yang Zengxin. Burhan's relations to the Turkic community soured as a result of working under Yang Zengxin, and fellow Uyghurs began to ostracise Burhan. Burhan's meagre position in Yang's administration meant he was unable to mend this distrust, and the Uyghur community's drift towards rebellion alienated Burhan further. Ultimately Burhan choose to attend courses at Baoding Army School starting in 1929, allowing him to be hired by Yang as both an administrator and officer. Upon Burhan's return to Xinjiang in 1934, he found the administration in decline, and unable to correct the widening gap between the Uyghur community and has resigned himself to being an effective public servant under what he considers the best possible administration to industrialise Xinjiang.§!
Zhang Peiyuan
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Guide Office, Xining District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving completed his studies in the Gansu Military Tutoring Corps, Zhang Peiyuan, who frequently faced financial difficulties, arrived in Xinjiang from Lanzhou in 1912 to escape debt. While he managed to secure a sinecure under Yang Zengxin, he soon had to leave the province as his store in Dihua, which aimed to provide him with more income, only added to his debts.\n\nIn 1917, recognising that he could only utilise his skills to make a living in Xinjiang, Zhang offered his services to Yang Zengxin and was appointed as the commander of a cavalry company in Altay, located north of Xinjiang. His fortunes took a turn when a group of defeated Russian soldiers entered Altay during the Russian Civil War. Despite being heavily outnumbered, Zhang successfully deceived the Russian soldiers by creating the illusion that the Chinese army was well-prepared and adequately manned, using military hats placed on rocks in the trenches. Leveraging his intrigue skills, Zhang even negotiated the departure of the Russian soldiers by employing a merchant with a striking resemblance to a former governor in Xinjiang, pretending that he is an official envoy. These audacious acts not only safeguarded his position but also earned him significant recognition from Yang Zengxin, leading to his promotion as a regimental commander. Subsequently, Zhang was appointed as a tutor at the Dihua Military Academy and became a prominent military figure in Xinjiang.§!\n\n§YNotes: This ambitious officer staunchly opposes any form of foreign influence or intervention in Xinjiang and is prepared to defend his position against any threats.§!
Niu Shi
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Kunming, Yunnan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike most officials and officers in Xinjiang, Niu Shi is an outlander. His father is an official in Kunming, and Niu Shi himself studied at an army primary school there before attending the Hubei Army Secondary School. This aspirational cadet furthered his military education at the Baoding Military Academy and his training was put into practice during the Xinhai Revolution, where he served as a commander of the revolutionary forces in Hanyang and Shanghai, contributing to China's greatest revolution.\n\nIn 1913, Niu was sent to Xinjiang province and was appointed to various defence positions in the past two decades by Yang Zengxin. In 1915, as the chief of staff of Yang Feixia, the Defence Commissioner of Ili, Niu was appointed Chief of the Military Surveying Bureau of Ili and entrusted with handling Sino-Russian border affairs. Due to his commendable service, Niu Shi was became the acting Commissioner of Defence of Ili in 1920 after Yang Feixia resigned from the post. His position in Xinjiang remained secure as this able officer, who attained the rank of lieutenant general in 1927, received much recognition from both superiors and colleagues.§!\n\n§YNotes: Having spent two decades in Ili, Niu compiled \
Yang Feixia
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in Mengzi County, Yunnan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs an outstanding student in the Yunnan Normal Academy, Yang Feixia was sent to Japan by the Qing court to introduce modern knowledge. He studied railway engineering before enrolling in the 6th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy in 1906, it was during this time Yang embraced revolutionary ideas and joined the Tongmenghui. After finishing his studies in logistics, he returned to China and took part in the Second Guangzhou Uprising and the Xinhai Revolution in 1911. Before being sent to Xinjiang by the Nanjing provisional government to sway Yang Zengxin in the next year, Yang served as a staff of Dr Sun and a brigade commander.\n\nServing briefly as the chief of staff of Yang and the Xinjiang governorate, Yang Feixia was then appointed Defence Commissioner of Ili, with Niu Shi as his chief of staff, together they successfully settled the Russian population entered Xinjiang during the catastrophic Russian Civil War. Despite being his relatives, Yang Feixia, who had divergences over administration and military direction with the governor, realised that Yang Zengxin was increasingly suspicious towards his countrymen, he thus resigned from his post in 1921. Since then, Yang Feixia has been holding an advisory military sinecure in the province as he was never allowed to leave. Yet, his military capability is commended by his colleagues.§!\n\n§YNotes: Yang inspects the barracks incognito often, it is said that once he was refused to enter the city at late night, he crossed the city walls with merely a dagger, and the sentries who refused to let him in were awarded the next day.§!
Li Hairu
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Pingyuan County, Guangdong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe eldest son of a scholar in the late Qing era, Li Hairu experienced a poor childhood alongside his eleven younger siblings. A bright student, he was fortunate to receive support from his uncle, who sponsored his education at the Huangpu Army Primary School in Guangzhou and later at the Qinghe First Army Preparatory School in Beijing. In 1912, he enrolled in the 3rd Class of the Baoding Military Academy to study infantry, marking the beginning of his military career.\n\nAfter graduating in August 1916, Li was deployed to Shaanxi but was soon reassigned to Xinjiang Province under Yang Zengxin, where he served as a junior officer. A diligent and capable serviceman, he quickly rose through the ranks and was appointed by Yang as the Commander-in-Chief of a border garrison unit in northern Xinjiang. There, he devoted himself to training young officers. In 1928, Li was promoted to Commander-in-Chief of the garrison units in Hami and appointed both the military and civilian head of Tacheng, guarding the province's border against bandit incursions. His military talent continued to be recognised, and he was eventually appointed head of the Military Department of Xinjiang, overseeing provincial military affairs.§!\n\n§YNotes: humble career officer, Li Hairu is aware of but not involved in the political struggles within the province. He remains focused on fulfilling the duties assigned to him, regardless of who holds power.§!
Li Rong
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Zhenxi County, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs Born to parents fleeing famine in Jingyuan, Li Rong was born into what could be described as a relatively stable home. Studying at both the Songfeng Academy and Lanzhou Qiugu Academy. Li was eventually offered the first principal-ship of the newly established Huiyuan second-class school in 1897. For the next 15 years, Li Rong's diligence and intensity would be first recorded. Regardless of the student's nationality, they would all be expected to engage in Confucian rituals, but would be treated fairly otherwise. During the Xinhai Revolution of 1911, Li openly supported the revolution believing that China was at risk of national and family destruction from outside forces. Acting as a negotiator for the revolutionaries, Li would meet with Yang Zengxin for the first time. Whilst they held disagreements towards each other's politics, both men were incredibly impressed with each other's talents, that Li would be offered the role of the governor of Shaya County in 1915 and then as speaker of the Xinjiang Provincial Assembly in 1917.\n\nAs a member of the provincial government Li, with great enthusiasm and energy, regularly visits rural communities to promote and assist with the organisation of agricultural production. Whilst he still openly shares his admiration of Yang, he is regarded by many as the first incorruptible official of the region stuck in a corrupt environment. Being a skilful speaker and supporter of ethnic equality, regardless of who rules Xinjiang, he commands the people's respect.§!\n\n§YNotes: Whilst being an ardent admirer of Yang Zengxin, Li Rong is willing to work with different political forces.\nLi accidentally killed his eldest son for making a drunken speech. Intending to hurt him instead of killing him, Li threw a brick at his son's head. Eventually succumbing to this injury, Li Rong still greatly regrets the incident.§!
Qiu Zongjun
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Shenyang, Liaoning Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs Qiu Zongjun would live the first few decades of his life in relative peace, however he would always strive for more. By 1918, he left behind his life as a school teacher and would go to work with Zhang Zuolin. Using flattery, Qiu was able to convince Zhang to send him to the Baoding Army Officer School for study. Upon completion, Qiu would serve under Guo Songling as a regimental commander. Obedient and submissive, Qiu would follow orders and did not stand out considerably as a leader. Around this time he met Sheng Shicai, who would eventually marry Qiu's second daughter Qiu Yufang. In November of 1925, Guo Songling unsuccessfully revolted from Zhang Zuolin. With the failure of this defection all of Guo's troops, including Qiu, would be reorganised into different units within the Fengtian Army.\n\nBy the end of the Fourth Zhili-Fengtian War in 1928, Qiu was dismissed from the army in Shenyang. Being unemployed for multiple years, Qiu would wander around the city and when the opportunity arose, head to a brothel. Offered by Sheng Shicai to move to Xinjiang and to act as an envoy for Ili land reclamation, Qiu would move to the region in 1931.\n\nNow Secretary-General of the Border Supervisory Office, Qiu's greed is almost as great as his brutality. Confiscating property without any reason, using public funds improperly and arbitrary executions, Qiu acts with almost full impunity knowing that his son-in-law provides him protection. As long as he has this protection, Qiu will continue to live a decadent lifestyle and with it maintain his reputation as a cruel butcher in Xinjiang.§!\n\n§YNotes: Despite Qiu Zhongjun's frequent embezzlement and amassing of wealth, he remains parsimonious. If anyone takes something he perceives as his, he will bide his time to exact a suitable revenge.§!
Jin Shuxin
§YBorn:§! §Lin Yongjing County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Jin Shengwu
§YBorn:§! §Lin Yongjing County, Gansu Province, Great Qing§!
Yu Xiusong
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1899, in Zhuji, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!
Wu Jingbin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1914, in Beijing, Zhili Province, Great Qing§!
Zhang Fengjiu
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Dihua, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Guanglu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 4th, 1900, in Ningyuan County, Yili Prefecture, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Liu Wenlong
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Yueyang, Hunan Province, Great Qing§!
Yan Yushan
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, Great Qing§!
Yibulayin
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Great Qing§!
Hua Shengmu
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1909, in Yecheng County, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Ailin Jingsi Khan
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in Altay, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Lu Liping
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1917, in Ganzhou, Xingguo County, Jiangxi Province§!
Li Xiaotian
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Sheng Shiqi
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Kaiyuan County, Manchuria, Great Qing§!
Jiang Deyu
§YBorn:§! §L1909, in Hua County, Henan Province, Great Qing§!
Chen Yufeng
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1911, in Gaiping County, Manchuria, Great Qing§!
Panicked Isolationism
Slovakia
Slovakian
Slovakia
Slovak Socialist Republic
the Slovak Socialist Republic
Slovak Socialist Republic
the Slovak Socialist Republic
Slovak Socialist Republic
the Slovak Socialist Republic
Milan Hodža
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1878, in Sučany, Túróc County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ferdinand Čatloš
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1895, in Liptovský Peter, Liptó County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ján Golian
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1906, in Dombóvár, Tolna County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Stefan Jurech
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1898, in Bošáca, Trencsén County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Augustín Malár
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1898, in Sankt Oswald bei Freistadt, Archduchy of Austria above the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Josef Šnejdárek
§YBorn:§! §LApril 2nd, 1875, in Napajedla, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
Mikuláš Ferjenčík
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1904, in Polomka, Gömör-Kishont County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Viliam Zingor
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1912, in Bystrička, Turóc County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Military Reform Council
§YFounded:§! §Lin Pozsony, Slovakia§!
Ján Režňák
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1919, in Jablonica, Nyitra County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Jozef Turanec
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1892, in Sučany, Túróc County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Rudolf Viest
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1890, in Revúca, Gömör-Kishont County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Martin Rázus
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1888, in Liptovský Mikuláš, Liptó County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Emil Stodola
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1862, in Liptovský Mikuláš, Liptó County, Kingdom of Hungary§!
Ivan Dérer
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1884, in Malacky, Pozsony County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Vavro Šrobár
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1867, in Lisková, Liptó County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Vojtech Tuka
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 4th, 1880, in Štiavnické Bane, Hont County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Andrej Hlinka
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1864, in Černová, Liptó County, Kingdom of Hungary§!
Jan Šverma
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1901, in Mnichovo Hradiště, Kingdom of Bohemia, Austria-Hungary§!
Karol Šmidke
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1897, in Vítkovice, Margraviate of Moravia, Austria-Hungary§!
SRP (
Socialistična delavska stranka - 
SRP (ZSS)
Zveza Slovenskih sindikatov (League of Slovene Unions)
SRP-KS
Socialistična delavska stranka - Kulturniška skupina (Socialist Workers' Party - Cultural Group)
JSDS
Jugoslovanska socialdemokratska stranka (Yugoslav Social-Democratic Party)
NNS
Narodno napredna stranka (National Progressive Party)
NNS (Desnica)
Narodno napredna stranka - Desnica (National Progressive Party - Right wing)
SLS
Slovenska ljudska stranka (Slovenian People's Party)
SLS-R
Slovenska ljudska stranka - Radikali (Slovenian People's Party - Radical)
SLS-R
Slovenska ljudska stranka - Radikali (Slovenian People's Party - Radical)
Boj
Združenje borcev Jugoslavije (The Association of Fighters of Yugoslavia)
Slovenia
Slovene
Slovenia
Slovenian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Slovenia
Slovenian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Slovenia
Slovenian Socialist Republic
the Socialist Republic of Slovenia
Lovro Klemenčič
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1891, in Šentvid pri Stični, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of merchants, in 1911 he graduated from the Novo Mesto gymnasium and shortly after went to study medicine in Vienna. At the end of his studies he began his involvement in radical politics and in 1913 established connections with Russian revolutionaries. After the eruption of the Weltkrieg he was sent to fight in Galicia, where he was captured and volunteered to serve Serbia as a doctor. After his arrival he retreated with the Serbian army through Albania and onto the isle of Corfu. In 1917 he was sent by Nikola Pašić to establish Russian support for the Yugoslav project, but ended up siding with the Bolsheviks, joining the Red Army in 1918.\nWith the losses by Reds in the Russian civil war, he returned to Slovenia in early 1919, together with his now right-hand man Vladislav Fabjančič, where they joined the left wing of the JSDS, only to split into the SRP. In late 1923, Klemenčič, together with Fabjančič ran in the Carniola elections on the SRP ticket, achieving just over 12% of the total vote. However soon after they got in trouble with the rest of the SRP over their support for unitary Yugoslavism and advocacy for a coalition with other leftist parties, resulting in them being kicked out of the party. Klemenčič and Fabjančič remained politically active and rejoined the JSDS, where they were once more on its left wing. Throughout the rest of the 1920s and early 1930s Klemenčič wrote for various newspapers, failing to achieve the prominence he briefly held.\n\nWith the 1932 nomination of Milan Gorkić to lead the Illyrian section of the SRP, things took a different turn. As part of his broad front strategy, Gorkić requested the two \
France Klopčič
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23th, 1903, in Spittel, Lorraine District, Imperial Territory of Alsace-Lorraine, German Empire§!
Josip Vidmar
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1895, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Albert Kramer
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1882, in Trbovlje, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Miha Krek
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1897, in Leskovica, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Dragotin Lončar
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1876, in Selo, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Franc Kulovec
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1884, in Dolenje Sušice, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Marko Natlačen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1886, in Manče, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Bogumil Vošnjak
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1882, in Celje, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Leon Rupnik
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1880, in Lokve, County of Gorizia and Gradisca, Austria-Hungary§!
Jaka Avšič
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1896, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Ferdinand Janež
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1886, in Tolmin, County of Gorizia and Gradisca, Austria-Hungary§!
Ivan Prezelj
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1895, in Nova Vas, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Vladimir Vauhnik
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1896, in Svetinje, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Franc Rozman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1911, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Anton Korošec
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1872, in Biserjane, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Edvard Kocbek
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1904, in Sveti Jurij ob Ščavnici, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Engelbert Besednjak
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1894, in Gorica, County of Gorizia and Gradisca, Austria-Hungary§!
Franc Snoj
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1902, in Zagorje ob Savi, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Gregorij Rožman
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1883, in Dolinčiče, Duchy of Carinthia, Austria-Hungary§!
Izidor Cankar
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1886, in Šid, Syrmia County, Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia, Austria-Hungary§!
Janko Ravnik
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1891, in Bohinjska Bistrica, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Josip Vilfan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1878, in Trieste, Free City of Trieste, Austria-Hungary§!
Leonid Pitamic
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1885, in Postojna, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Pavel Grošelj
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1883, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Rudolf Maister
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1874, in Stein, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Boris Kidrič
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1912, in Vienna, Archduch of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
Ernest Peterlin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1903, in Ljubljana, Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary§!
Franjo Malgaj
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1894, in Hruševec, Duchy of Styria, Austria-Hungary§!
Karl Novak
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1905, in Pulj, Margraviate of Istria, Austria-Hungary§!
