Sardinia Focus Tree
Sardinia
Sardinian
Sardinia
Italy
Italian
Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Sardinia-Piedmont
Sardinian
Sardinia-Piedmont
USNI
Unione Sindacale Nazionale Italiana
USS
Unione Sindacale Sarda
PSS
Partito Socialista di Sardegna
PSd'Az
Partito Sardo d'Azione
PSd'Az
Partito Sardo d'Azione
UL
Unione Liberale
UDS
Unione Democratica Sarda
PdC
Partito dei Combattenti
Governo Bardanzellu
Governo Bardanzellu
Governo Badoglio
Governo Badoglio
BN
Blocco Nazionale
Governo Marras
Governo Marras
PNM
Partito Nazionale Monarchico
Governo Thaon di Revel
Governo Thaon di Revel
PS
Populu Sardu
PSd'Az/PCd'Az
Partito Sardo d'Azione / Partito Corso d'Azione
Partito d'Azione
PdA
Partito Socialista dei Lavoratori Italiani
PSLI
Partito Democratico Sociale Italiano
PDSI
Partito Liberale Italiano
PLI
Democrazia Cristiana
DC
ANI
Associazione Nazionalista Italiana
USI
Unione Sindacale Italiana
PSI
Partito Socialista Italiano
§YSardinia§! will expect its autonomy to be granted in the event the Government formally leaves §YCagliari§!, giving the following effects:
This §Rwill lead to protests§! in the event the Government formally leaves §YCagliari§!
Will be built after Liberating Piedmont\n\n
Combine and upgrade §Yall the political spirits§! into §YAvanti Sardegna§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_NAVAL_INVASION_PENALTY$: §G-10%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_FACTOR$: §Y1.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSCRIPTION_TOTAL_FACTOR$: §G10%§!\n$MODIFIERS_ARMY_CORE_ATTACK_FACTOR$: §G+10.0%§!\n$MODIFIERS_ARMY_CORE_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: §G+10.0%§!\n$MODIFIER_TRAINING_TIME_ARMY_FACTOR$: §G-5.00%§!
§YAircraft§!: £production_cost  Production Cost: §G-30.00%§!
§YAircraft§!: £production_cost  Production Cost: §G-10.00%§!
§YShips§!: £production_cost  Production Cost: §G-10.00%§!
This focus will be unlocked with the §Yfirst elections§! held after the §Yreunification of Italy§!.\n\nThe works of the Constituent Assembly will last about a year, after which §YRatify the Constitution§! will be unlocked.
§PMarshal Badoglio§! has been called to lead a government
§aGeneral Marras§! has been called to lead a government
The §YSocialist Labour Party§! has formed
The §YNational Centre§! has formed
The §YConstituent Assembly§! have concluded their work
Now that the Socialist Republic has been finally destroyed, it is time to reunite the country under a single banner - ours.
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into the Kingdom
It is quite clear by now that we hold the strongest position on the Italian peninsula. With the socialist republic now dealt with, perhaps a peaceful route towards reuniting [Root.GetNameDef] and [From.GetNameDef] is possible.
Develop Coal Mines in [114.GetName]
Pack the Courts
Request French Help
Expand Internal Exiling Procedures
Terminate Rival Cliques
Automobili Agnelli
Agnelli Carri Armati
Militarist Opposition
Informally led by Marshal Badoglio, the conservative sphere within the Royal Army has started an unofficial campaign of opposition against Marras' reformist executive. Though powerful, they won't try outright subversive actions as long as the King supports us; however, they will remain a thorn on our side.
Reformist Opposition
Protesting against the return to power of Marshal Badoglio, the reformists have taken to the streets seeking to avoid a return to dictatorship; clearly guided by socialist infiltrators, these dangerous revolutionaries must be crushed.
Supremacy of Parliament
The government in Sardinia, while never outright claiming to reject the constitutional principles that helped found Italy, has long been plagued by nominally monarchist dictatorships imposed by military men. Now that democratic reformers have been empowered, the parliament has been restored to prominence and they are unlikely to allow power to slip from them again.
Women's Suffrage
As part of a greater democratisation effort in Sardinia, women have finally gained the right to vote. While not always evenly applied, this initiative has seen genuine support. It has raised hope that our government will return to the mainland much better than the one that left, and has raised the spirits of our loyalists.
A Promise of Autonomy
Since the Perfect Union, Sardinia has been a backwater within Italy; now that we're in Cagliari however we can no longer ignore the Island's call for self-government. This has been a problem, as Sardinians were convinced that, should we reclaim the Mainland, Sardinia would return to being a rural, unimportant land. Now, with the simple promise that Sardinia will retain some autonomy after the Mainland is reclaimed, we have finally convinced the brave people of Sardinia to support our war of National Reclamation.
Piedmontese Centralism
All this talk of autonomism and self-government is nothing more than political opportunism spurred by the current situation, and threatens the very unity of our nation. Sardinia is an integral part of the Realm; and many patriotic Sardinians are ready to die for their King, regardless of political leanings.
National Workers' Unions Confederation
A complete crackdown on unions would only harm our nation, but at the same time we must remain vigilants towards Socialists infiltrators; by federating all truly independent unions into a big, semi-autonomous national union we will ensure a basic right of our people while keeping out dangerous radicals.
Legalised Unions
We cannot deny our people the basic right to unionise. While a background check on their leadership is needed to avoid infiltrations, all unions must be allowed to operate and defend our working people's rights.
Avanti Sardegna
Yet again, the people of Sardinia will find themselves on a battlefield far from home, yet again they will take up arms to defend their beloved island, yet again many will tragically lose their life for a goal greater than themselves. However, much like in the Asiago plateau in the tragic years of the Weltkrieg, these Sardinians will put aside their differences to fight for the King, for Italy and for Sardinia to the bitter end. It is our duty to make sure their sacrifices will not be in vain, not again. While the cry of \
Unrest in the Mines
The failure of the Bardanzellu Government to deal with various issues in the foreign-owned mines of Southern Sardinia, peaking in a completely botched nationalisation scheme, has allowed unrest and radical ideas to flourish in the mining communities of Carbonia and Iglesias. With the locals beginning to organise under minor trade unions, technically illegal for state employees and very much illegal under the State of Siege, the new government will have to move towards a resolution, else the Socialist Republic intervene on their behalf.
Royalist Fervour
Royal Guards
The Sardinian Autonomous Region
Patriotic Corporations Fund
The Marshal's Cult of Personality
The New Constitution
A Return to Normality
For the Progress of Italy
Move Towards Federalism
The Six Points Manifesto
Support from the Entente
Sardinia relies extensively on their fellow governments in exile to prop up their government. Our friends in Ottawa and Algiers have generously provided us with subsidies for our military, and in return we will need to play our part in liberating our homelands from socialist rule.
SOFINDIT
The Economic Miracle
Underwater Threat
Safe Seas
Mines and Torpedoes
Global Navy
Fuel Management
Airborne Supply
Pilot Training
Aircraft Production Effort
$SRD_aircraft_production_effort$
Modern Air Force
$SRD_modern_air_force$
Savoyard Army
Tackle the Institutional Crisis
The miners' crisis has proven fatal to the stability of the already weak Bardanzellu government. With the balance between exiles and Parliament broken, a solution for governability appears impossible; in spite of king Amedeo's wishes, a royal intervention and an extra-parliamentary cabinet may be on the horizon.
Protect the Kingdom
The rabble-rousers in the so-called \
The Special Laws
Our current rule relies on a system of unspoken agreements, verbal contracts and parliamentary brokerings, a kind of rule that severely limits the power of His Majesty's government and therefore impairs its ability to contain the Red Hydra. With our recent major victories against the opposition, getting rid of all this bureaucratic junk and solidifying our - the Kingdom's stability will be as simple as the stroke of a pen.
Stack the Senate
The rapid centralisation of power our government has undertaken resulted in a number of Senators joining the ranks of the opposition. While we cannot purge them, we can simply ask the King to appoint more like-minded Senators to overcome this obstacle. As always, the Senate causes no crises.
Crush the Miner Unions
The miners' unions are nothing more than a way for the Syndicalists and other like-minded traitors to subvert our nation from within. This threat to King and Country cannot be allowed to persist.
Bolster the Secret Services
Amongst the Sardinian populace lie terrible snakes, traitors, disguised as loyal subjects of His Majesty and his Government. For the greater good of our nation, these rapscallions must be found and removed, and we will do just that by empowering and expanding the Military Intelligence Service.
Royalist Fervour
While many Sardinians may oppose our government, many more are willing to die for the King that stands on top of it. These are, in fact, the only true Sardinians, those who fight for the Kings that have wisely governed them for two hundred years. Cunservet Deus su Re!
Maresciallo, a Noi
We, men of Marshal Badoglio, have taken full control of this nation. With the blessing of the King, we shall now move forth towards the reclamation of our homeland, for the glory of Italy and our Marshal. Maresciallo, a noi!
The Marshal's Triumph
After so many years of struggle, having triumphed over every foe and friend that threatened his rule, the Marshal has finally done it. The Peninsula is his to command, to bring us forward in a new shining age.
Expand the Cult of Personality
Many love the Marshal, but there are also those who oppose him; of these, many can still be redeemed. Enormous propaganda campaigns will show our new subjects the greatness of the Marshal and his vision of Italy.
Crack Down on Neo-Syndicalists
In our new territories, many still hold dear the ideologies of the Socialist Republic and other breakaway anti-Italian states. This can't do. Special measures will be taken to crush these dangerous radicals.
Enshrine Church Collaboration
There is maybe only one entity in this country that is more powerful than our beloved King - the Catholic Church. We have had rocky relations with the Pope in the past decades; still, they have been opening to collaboration with us in the past years, and a few formal guarantees paired with the very existence of the Red Hydra will push them to our side.
Ensure Corporate Support
Many industrialists have fled Piedmont and other parts of Italy ruled by the Red Hydra, and currently reside in our Island. These rich and powerful industrialists and landowners are an extremely valuable tool towards our control of the nation; given our common Red enemy, convincing them to support us will be easy.
The King Commands
Having removed Badoglio from the picture, His Majesty's government may now go on, with the King's blessing, go forth with the reclamation of the Mainland. Avanti Savoia!
Secure the Government
While we may have the blessing of the King in governing this nation, many still oppose our rule. Unfortunately, to ensure the stability of the Kingdom, strong methods will have to be used.
End the State of Siege
Since 1919, Sardinia has been governed without the consensus of an elected Parliament, with successive government relying on increasingly authoritarian \
Free and Fair Elections
With key authoritarian figures removed, it is time to finally complete our return to democratic governance. A new electoral law will be approved (in spite of Liberal opposition), polling stations will be opened, parties will be allowed to organise a campaign. Sardinia will finally have her freedom, under the watchful eye of His Majesty.
A Deal for Autonomy
While Sardinian separatism remains a fringe view, most Sardinians feel that any Government ruling them from the Continent would return Sardinia to a status of rural, isolated backwater. To inspire trust in the Islanders, we will promise them some level of self-government once the Mainland is reclaimed.
Enforce Centralism
Some Sardinians may feel that our return to the Mainland would make Sardinia into some sort of second-class part of Italy. This is blatantly false, as Sardinia will always remain an integral part of the Realm and will enjoy investment and support as such.
Restore Parliamentary Supremacy
During our exile, the Chamber of Deputies lost much of its pre-war importance in policy making and governing, in turn eroding the constitutionalist apparatus we had enjoyed since 1848. This must be reversed, as Parliament and its elected members are the only true representatives of our People and only them may truly help advise our King in ruling our nation.
Legalise the Miner Unions
The issue of miner unions in Southern Sardinia has been a thorn on our side since the Exile began. We shall put an end to this useless strife, by fully legalising those Unions, provided of course they can prove themselves clean of revolutionary infiltrators.
Federate the Miner Unions
The issue of miner unions in Southern Sardinia has been a thorn on our side since the Exile began. We shall put an end to this useless strife, by fusing those unions into one big, federal union we can be sure is free of revolutionary influences.
Women's Suffrage
The issue of female suffrage first arose in 1912, when the right to vote was to be extended to women until then Prime Minister Giolitti reversed this decision to protect the interests of his bloc and describing such policy as a \
Reform the Senate
Since 1848, the royally appointed Senate has theoretically been the counter-balance to the power of the elected Chamber of Deputies. However, there haven't been any truly absolutist minded monarchs since then, and the Senate has been reduced to rubber stamping any bill the Deputies pass. Talks of Senatorial reform towards a more democratic House have existed since at least 1911, but have never been put into effect; it's about time we finally changed that.
Tackle the Agrarian Issues
The power of the great landowners has never been truly challenged in Sardinia, and feudal practices still thrive in the isolated valleys of the Island. We cannot allow this to continue; through vigorous legislation we shall break up and redistribute the land, hopefully curbing these practices and increasing our support in those areas.
Legacy of the Sassari Brigade
During the Weltkrieg, the wholly Sardinian Sassari Brigade was one of the most valiant units of the Royal Army. Fighting for Italy and Sardinia in a land far away from their island, those heroic soldiers withstood terrible casualties and achieved successes few could match. We know all Sardinians share their spirit, and in our Home-Coming we will all chant, \
The Constituent Assembly
The dictatorships of the 1920s have proved the Statuto Albertino to be outdated. With many eager new and young politicians willing to rewrite our Constitution to perfect our democratic system, perhaps it is time to finally retire the Statute.
A Return to Normality
After so many years of war, revolution and civil conflict, all the hard-working Italian populace wants is to return to peace, to go back to work and not have to worry about dictators and saboteurs.
Protect the Family
Battered, ruined, but never destroyed - the family forms the most basic unit of our whole nation. Through years and years of conflict, many families had to cope with devastating losses, economic woes, and worse. We, Christians and Democrats, will never allow such horrors to repeat.
Reignite Italian Nationalism
In the last two decades, projects such as the Austrian-sponsored Italian Federation have sought to destroy the concept of an Italian nation from within. This process must be reversed, in the name of our Fatherland.
For the Progress of Italy
With Italy united, the progress of the Country towards the future cannot stop. The separatists, warlords and revolutionaries were misguided at best, but some of their concerns can be adapted to our situation. All options must be looked at, for the benefit of Italy.
Move Towards Federalism
A key promise of the parties forming the National Centre was federalism, in order to best govern the various parts of our nation. Centralism, as wanted by the radical Left and Right, will only cause conflict - a conflict we cannot afford.
The Six Points Manifesto
Regionalism, nationalisation of major industrial plants, agrarian reform, freedom to unionise, secularism, pan-European federalism; these are the Six Points upon which the programme of the Socialist Labour Party is based. Originally, a seventh point favoured republicanism; however, in the current situation that position was quietly dropped.
Ratify the Constitution
It is done. A new constitution, written by the People for the People, is set to finally replace the Statuto Albertino and usher a new age of true democracy for Italy. All that is needed now is the assent of His Majesty the King.
Return to the Mainland
It's time. We need to return to the mainland, destroy the socialists who forced us into exile, and liberate the lands of Piedmont. With the restoration of our lands, we will have a firm base of operations to free the rest of Italy from the unjust rule of the petty warlords that split our great nation!
Italia Riunita
With the northern Italian Peninsula under our control, it's finally time to declare what all Italians now know: Sardinia is the successor of the Kingdom of Italy, and now inherits all the claims within its glorious borders.
Italian Irredentism
We may be close to reuniting Italy, but Italian lands are still in the hands of foreigners. The lands in their mountainous ares of Tyrol, and coastal areas in the eastern Adriatic remain outside of our grasp. We will also need to decide if we should let Malta slip from our grip entirely, or bring it back into the fold of our Thalassocracy.
Friendship with the French
Italy and France have always been historical friends. We need to remind the French that we are not their enemies, regardless of the direction they have taken their country recently.
Rebuild Piedmont
We need to rebuild the historical site of our capital. The syndicalists ran the infrastructure and businesses into the ground. Of course, those who destroy Italian infrastructure and wealth are not welcome here, and should be removed as well.
The Fate of FIAT
With Turin back in our hands, Edoardo Agnelli has claimed ownership of FIAT and is requesting to have it merged with his new Automobili Agnelli. While most in our government believe FIAT to be his rightful ownership in the first place, some believe that a merger would negatively impact competition, others argue that FIAT and Automobili Agnelli don't even share much in common now.
Build the Autostrade
Several abortive efforts to create civilian motorways were attempted during the interwar years, however none came to full fruition due to the ongoing chaos and division of the Italian peninsula. To support our budding Italian automobile industry, our engineers have proposed a massive nationwide project to connect our cities and demonstrate the strength of our reunited government. Hundreds of kilometres of motorways will be constructed, paving the way for modernity!
Expand Genoese Dockyards
The port of Genoa has historically been one of Italy's busiest centres of trade, and a source of prestige for the House of Savoy. It is time to restore our patronage of the Liguria region, granting subsidies for rebuilding the city and constructing new dockyards shall be put into place, and Genoa shall be our jewel of the West Mediterranean able to compete with the likes of Marseille and Barcelona. We will become a naval power worthy of respect in the new Mediterranean order.
Airports for Italy
The chaos of the civil war and division of Italy has stalled the development of modern air travel. While we have quite a few aviation manufacturers, our domestic airline service companies are small and struggling while our commercial airports are lacking. Our effort will be two prong: we will consolidate our civilian air passenger services and promote the construction, expansion and renovation of airports across the nation. Let the mountains and hills no longer divide us!
Revitalise the University of Turin
The University of Turin is one of the oldest universities in Europe, and it has a proud intellectual tradition, boasting such names as Erasmus, Amedeo Avogadro, and Joseph de Maistre in its roll of former graduates and faculty. We should make the institution the centrepiece of our national research.
Industrialise the South
Having reestablished control, we need to reintegrate the Mezzogiorno back into the greater Italian economy. Southern Italy has traditionally been a rural, agrarian region dominated by land-owning families and tight social bonds. As Italy fractured, their economy has oriented itself towards the Mediterranean. With great effort, Sofindit investment, and cooperation with local leaders, we will begin extensive construction projects to lift the region out of poverty.
The Economic Miracle
The post-war situation in Italy has begun to stabilise. As the ruins are rebuilt with modern designs, occupation replaced by civilian rule, and foreign economic investment slowly trickling in, Italy has begun to turn a new leaf. Industry and tourism have boomed and our culture has seen a renaissance. The economy is soaring, defying expectations that we would return to being the underbelly of Europe. The future, while still uncertain, finally looks bright.
Finish the Diga di Santa Chiara
The Diga di Santa Chiara was started all the way back in 1918 to provide Sardinia with the necessary electricity to power its industry. The Italian Civil War and the subsequent secession of Sardinia from the Italian Federation have seriously hampered funding. Furthermore, without the access to the wider Italian economy, the costs of finishing the project increased dramatically. 18 years later, the dam is finally near its completion with only the protective layer missing.
Nationalise Sardinian Railways
Despite how small our island is, the Sardinian railways are currently a mess: the \
Create Carbosarda
Beneath the ground of Sardinia, many minerals and metals lie buried, hidden away from our factories. Badly needed, the excavation of them has become a government priority to ensure all the factories are running, as well as encouraging new ones with cheaper raw resources.
Procure Entente Support
The Entente is more than just a military alliance, it is a group of nations united in their struggle to restore the rightful government in their home country. To this goal the Entente promises economic aid and know-how to their brethren. It is only right if we take use of this service.
French Munitions
Despite lacking in industry pre-revolution, French Algeria contained no small number of munitions plants, which supplied the colonial garrisons in the area. Many of the guns can still be used. We shall ask them to provide us with some of these, as well as designs to them.
Canadian Investments
With Black Monday hitting the shores of Canada, many Canadian capitalists and British exiles are searching for secure places for their investments. They have found that place in Sardinia. Hardly containing any industry, investors are sure to land a profit here.
[AST.GetAdjective] Investments
Our nation is in dire need of investments, so much so that Canadian investments are not enough. With few options left, Australians are the best bet.
Drain La Nurra
La Nurra would probably be one of the industrial hearts of the island of Sardinia. If it was not for the malaria-filled marshes that would regularly overflow. This has not gone unnoticed to the Sardinian government. Without the Piedmontese industry, they seek to exploit the few land it has got, transforming the desolate waste of La Nurra into rich, fertile soil for agricultural and industrial purposes.
Industrial Values Grant Consortium
While capitalism has its virtues in generating wealth for our nation, sometimes it needs some help from the government. With segments of our country in ruins, we must ensure an orderly recovery. The Società Finanziaria Industriale Italiana S.P.A. (Sofindit) shall be organised from large lenders to help finance the development of Sardinia. This will allow for large scale economic projects and a safe place for investors to put their money in for stable returns.
Italian Industrial Finance Company
Not all of the companies we have invested in produce adequate dividends. A careful effort by the Ministry of Finance will restructure Sofindit subsidiaries and liquidate or consolidate companies not worth saving. Besides putting ailing companies out of their misery in a controlled fashion, this will inject some more liquid capital back into our pockets. If done right, we will balance the books while avoiding excessive deeply unpopular layoffs.
Ansaldo Contracts
Ever since the end of conflicts after the Weltkrieg, Ansaldo has been struggling to convert their war time factories into civilian use. That might not be necessary anymore. Renewing the contracts from the last war should provide the company enough money to restore their old factories and producing weapons for our future war effort.
Local Munitions Production
The munitions provided by the French has thus far proven to be of great value. But we cannot keep on relying on foreign weapon deliveries given our geographical position. Therefore, we must make our own munitions and make our own guns in our own factories.
Automobili Agnelli
When the socialists took over Turin, they did not only steal all the factories from their rightful owner, but also the intellectual property. Thus, Edoardo Agnelli, the son of the founder of FIAT, has created a new company, named in honour of his father (and possibly in honour of himself too), from which we can commission our armoured vehicles.
Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi
In order to secure our access to oil, we must stop relying on imports as a blockade would prove disastrous to our economy. Therefore, the government has called a new company into existence tasked to find, exploit and store fossil fuels on our island.
Expand La Maddalena
With the age of some of our ships quickly reaching two decades old, more maintenance is expected to be required to keep them fit for service. The expansion of the La Maddalena naval arsenal will be expedited, providing the navy with extra dockyard and slipway capacity, along with reinforced fortifications.
Embrace Radical Admirals
Radical Admirals within our ranks have been arguing to use our strategic location in the Mediterranean to focus on sinking Syndicalist shipping to cripple their economy in case of a war. We shall embrace their forward-thinking.
Defend Tyrrhenian Shipping
Our position in the Tyrrhenian can allow us to become a safe haven for convoys, defended from enemy warships and aircraft. We must be able to protect our allies' shipping in the area by adopting new anti-submarine warfare technology.
Old Hulls, New Strategies
With a lack of ability to construct large amounts of new warships, we must make do with Great War-era warships. However, we can compensate for the lack of modern technologies and features with new innovative strategies and tactics.
Adopt Experimental Technologies
We are unable to remain competitive with the great powers surrounding us if we do not innovate. By refitting our fleet with the newest innovations, our ships will have capabilities no other power has.
Mine Warfare and Torpedoes
A ship cannot avoid what they cannot see. We shall invest in newer, more powerful and stealthy torpedoes to strike the enemy.
Naval Hit-and-Run Tactics
We need not risk our ships in a head-on engagement, we need only get small victories. We can achieve this by sending our ships to pressure our enemy repeatedly, exhausting their morale, creating openings for us to exploit.
Expand Shipyards
Plans for a new drydock and slipway were drafted. We see little to no reason to object to the diversion of some of our resources for this plan.
Expand Portotorres
Chemical industries have been a major part of the economy of Portotorres. With conflict looming, we should expand the local chemical industries to stockpile fuel.
Expand Fertilia and Decimomannu
With newer and more numerous aircraft coming into service, more space and maintenance will be required. The expansion of the Decimomannu military air base will provide better facilities for the air force.
Life from Above
We have a proposal for the air force to purchase a number of civilian aircraft, which can be used to establish simple supply lines with our frontline troops deployed overseas, among other uses.
Arditi Distruttori della Regia Aeronautica
The establishment of the ADRA will provide us with a more covert and precise ability to perform sabotage and secure positions, augmenting the Army.
Train the Aerial Cavalry
Pilots are valuable, and only the best will prevail. We must start canvassing and provide necessary training for more potential pilots and maintenance crews to support the expansion of the air force.
Superior Engineering
Italian engineering is no worse than engineering from the Great Powers, but in a war, quality and quantity are equally important. We must find ways to optimise and simplify production of Sardinian aircraft.
Città dell'Aria
The establishment of the ‘City of Air', a research facility devoted to all things aviation has been immensely important to the Sardinian air force. More funding for the facility will definitely not go unnoticed.
A Modern Air Force
In our pursuit for a modern military, our budget is limited to either the Air Force or the Navy. By spending more on the Air Force, we will be able to keep up in the aerial arms race with better pilots, more facilities, and better planes.
A Global Navy
In our pursuit for a modern military, our budget is limited to either the Air Force or the Navy. By spending more on the Navy, we will be able to support our allies outside of Sardinia and establish our Navy as a fleet worthy of great power.
Loyal Men of Sardinia
Salvation will not come for those who wait. It is plain to all that a great struggle is approaching, one that can only be won if the brave, loyal men of Sardinia rise to the occasion. In these dire times, they are all we have.
Women in the Army
No measures can be left unexplored in our quest for national salvation. The unavoidable reality is that we only have so many men that we can call upon for the army - however, there are women across the nation who are willing to fight for her defence. Selective integration of these volunteers into both combat and supporting roles must be pursued.
Women's Auxiliary Corps
No measures can be left unexplored in our quest for national salvation. The unavoidable reality is that we only have so many men that we can call upon for the army - however, there are women across the nation who are willing to fight for her defence. While placing them into combat roles isn't desirable, auxiliary support would alleviate the manpower issue while preserving the military's character.
Review the Regio Esercito
In any potential war against the pretenders on the mainland, the task of liberation will fall on the Royal Army. While we have done our best to ensure that it remains combat-ready, the ever-changing nature of warfare demands regular reviews of its capabilities.
The New Bersaglieri
The Bersaglieri - \
Restore the Sassari Brigades
The Sassari Brigades - the 151st and 152nd Infantry Regiments - were all-Sardinian formations that served with distinction during the Great War. While Sardinians, by necessity, have composed an increasingly large portion of our army, reviving the Brigades and their local legacy might appeal to local Sardinians, and spur a much-needed recruitment drive.
Avoid the Errors of the Great War
As gallantly as the brave Italian soldiers may have fought during the Great War, the war's name still brings nothing but bitter memories for many Italians. Most absurd of our failures was sending a mere 120 artillery pieces to support 875,000 men, allowing the infamous General Cadorna to send countless countrymen to die for nothing. Never again - in the next war, our forces will have all the fire support they need.
Lessons of the Three Mountains
The nation of Italy boasts the oldest mountain infantry corps in the world - the Alpini, the legion of brave souls who heroically fought along the frozen Alps during the Great War. The Italian mountaineers have long been boasted as the best in the world, and it would bring shame to our nation if we did not hold them to the highest standards possible. It's time we looked more critically at their previous performance.
Supremacy of the Arditi
Of all the formations of the Regio Esercito, one name stands out above the rest - that of the Arditi, \
Create Mariassalto
We are faced with a problem that we cannot avoid - if we are to have any hope of defeating our enemies, it is certain that we will have to conduct large-scale naval operations. In order to manage this, we have been given advice from our Entente allies regarding ways to organise and utilise Mariassalto, formations dedicated to amphibious warfare. Particularly interesting are the proposals for \
Reform the Carabinieri
The Carabinieri, another arm of the military dating back to before Italian unification, serve primarily as a military police force - a useful but largely auxiliary duty that has been somewhat overlooked during the long years of our exile. However, a campaign on the mainland would certainly need their services to maintain order in the recaptured land - thus, a doctrinal overhaul may be necessary to ensure their preparedness for this task.
Assault Vehicle Flotillas
While a man can swim across water, asking him to swim across the Tyrrhenian Sea is a large request, especially when in full combat gear. Luckily, such a thing is not necessary - designs for small manned craft, in the forms of torpedo \
Improvised Mobility
Manoeuvre is everything! That is the lesson of the Great War - if modern warfare is allowed to get bogged down, then unimaginable casualties may ensue in our attempts to break the stalemate. Especially in the mountainous terrain of Italy, our war must be fluid - the Bersaglieri used bicycles to enhance their mobility, while modern industrial methods open up the possibility of entire divisions moving by truck. All means must be available to us.
Red Cross Volunteer Nurse Corps
The Red Cross has a long history of humanitarian work during war times - during the Great War, they were heavily involved in treating battlefield casualties and looking after prisoners of war. In our current state on Sardinia, it is of the utmost importance that we recover as many wounded as possible, and facilitating Red Cross activities can help us cover deficiencies in our own medical capabilities.
Partisans Behind Enemy Lines
There are, even now, still people in Italy who believe in our cause over all others. These remaining loyalists present us with unique opportunities - while they may not be strong enough to carry out sustained insurgencies, they can conduct behind-the-lines recon to better track enemy formations and their movements. We can supplement this with our own infiltration tactics for even greater effect.
Reform the Genio Militare
The Genio Militare is the name for the Regio Esercito's engineer corps, whose origins trace back to the mining company of the Sardinian Army distinguishing itself at Turin in 1706. During the Great War, military engineers gained countless new tasks with the advent of modern war, and it's a safe bet to suppose that the next one will bring new challenges. The engineers must understand what their duties are.
Diaz's Approach
General Armando Diaz, famous for staging his heroic defence at Monte Grappa after Cadorna shamefully abandoned his troops, has advocated a rather novel doctrine for the Regio Esercito. Reasoning that the most important thing for us is that our men are loyal and motivated, Diaz's strategy focuses on reinforcing the camaraderie between the soldiers, as well as their commanders. They may not fight for the crown, but they will fight for each other.
Luxury Provisions
For all the glory attached to it, war can be a very miserable business. Conditions are often rough, and the nature of combat can weigh on even the strongest of souls. While a seemingly small thing to an outsider, even the smallest of luxuries can help bolster morale in trying times - by supplying our troops with chocolate rations and other special provisions, we can make their lives just a bit easier.
Hire Veteran Instructors
War does not always come naturally, and often needs to be taught - there is an alarmingly high number of ways for someone to get shot. The best teacher for a soldier is, invariably, another, older soldier - if we make an effort to keep old talent around, then they can hopefully impart some valuable wisdom to recruits who very dearly need it.
Reconstitute the Royal Academy
The Royal Academy of Modena, long rendered defunct, has historically been one of the premier schools in Italy for military thought alongside the academy in Turin. While the site of the academies are beyond our reach, some of the talent associated with it still floats in exile, waiting for a purpose. It's time that we reorganise the academy in exile, and turn its remnants towards the national liberation.
The House of Savoy was shattered by Italy's defeat in the Weltkrieg, and King Victor Emmanuel III held responsible. All is not completely lost for the monarchy, however. The Savoy-Aostas are powerful supporters, the rightful holders of Sardinia-Piedmont until their lands on the shores were swallowed up by the syndicalists. Now they and what monarchy supporters they can gather hold out on Sardinia, protected by the French Republic and ready to watch for the opportunity where they, too, can one day return home to claim their seat of power.
GFX_SRD_intro
The Kingdom of Sardinia
The Kingdom of Sardinia was born amidst the ashes of the Weltkrieg. King Vittorio Emanuele made peace with the Austrian government in 1919, but furious socialists, radical nationalists and other rabble rose up against his government. He and his son abdicated, and in Sardinia, marked by few, King Emanuele Filiberto, Duke of Aosta, assumed the throne. However, our pretensions to the Italian throne came to an end in 1920, when the Austrians forced the Italian Federation onto the united White forces in mainland Italy. The British forced us to join the Federation as the Austrians demanded, unwilling to anger the Germans in the aftermath of the most destructive war in European history. We withdrew from the Italian Federation in 1926 after the British Empire collapsed and the Austrians withdrew from Italy to deal with internal affairs, though our Entente allies still dissuaded from claiming all of Italy until Piedmont is reclaimed. This made us a nominally independent nation, though in reality we are almost a puppet state of the French Republic.\n\nThis sombre state of affairs is made no better by internal divisions at home. King Amedeo replaced his father Emanuele Filiberto as King of Sardinia just five years ago, and remains uninterested in the affairs of state, disappointing both the Democrats hoping for a royal intervention in favour of democratic reform and the military wanting to take full control in order to cleanse the Red Menace. This fundamental question, between authoritarianism and constitutionalism, has divided the island since the end of the Weltkrieg, and there is little doubt that the current arrangement is simply untenable. The fifteen-year-old state of emergency is growing tiresome to the Sardinian people, government corruption runs rampant, and the judiciary and government both require reform. These are problems without solutions under the current political deadlock, and without solving that, and them, Sardinia will never be able to take back what is rightfully hers.
§MBlocco Nazionale§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have the King appoint Marshal Badoglio.\n£white_dot After taking the focus \
Mining Monopolies Crash
After Black Monday, the many foreign companies controlling the coal mines in Southern Sardinia finally collapsed. The mostly British-backed monopolies had already been ailing for years, and it appears the German economic crisis was the last straw.\n\nThese mines have never really been profitable, but they are an important source of jobs in an otherwise stagnant and poor region; however, the foreign owners of these companies have often ignored the most basic issues of the local workers. This has often resulted in protests and strikes, that were crushed with great severity. In 1904, one such strike led to the Buggerru Massacre, which was widely condemned by Socialist forces.\n\nIn order to preserve the mines, the Bardanzellu Government has proceded with a nationalisation of the bankrupt companies; however, this move blew back severely, as the already striking workers began organising in unions in order to obtain various concessions from the State.
Is the revolution coming?
The Resignation of Bardanzellu
Between 1919 and the death of Emanuele Filiberto in 1931 Sardinia was ruled by a string of military governments with heavy royal involvement, culminating in the Badoglio dictatorship between 1926 and 1931. Following his ascension, King Amedeo has instead taken a more parliamentary position, appointing a succession of civilian Prime Ministers to govern with the support of the main Sardinian parties and hoping they would be able to deal with the current dire situation. Nevertheless, even these civilian governments have used the fifteen-year-old state of emergency to rule with a relatively heavy hand.\n\nWith unrest among the miners of southern Sardinia growing, one of these civilian Prime Ministers, war veteran Giorgio Bardanzellu, has recently resigned; the King initially rejected this resignation, but without the cooperation of the Prime Minister no viable governing solution could be found. Given the frequency of resignations from the premiership, and the associated reputational damage, all viable civilian candidates have refused any offers to become Prime Minister, with many asking the King to appoint a military-led National Government.\n\nAs such, and in spite of his own wishes, the King will be forced to intervene directly, putting in his hands the ultimate fate of Sardinia, as military cliques start pushing for power. Many expect Marshal Badoglio to return to government, though the memory of his last dictatorship has led others to propose the politically much weaker (and, quite importantly, Sardinian-born) General Marras as another viable candidate.\n\nAppointing the autocratically-minded Marshal Badoglio to once again lead the Government will put us on a path towards a technocratic military dictatorship, bent on destroying the Socialist Republic and restoring His Majesty's rightful rule to the Mainland. The Marshal was, and will likely be, much more of a strongman than Bardanzellu ever was, and the Monarchy might be directed to reassert its influence over the executive.\n\nAppointing the relatively apolitical General Marras to lead a fresh Executive will instead increase the influence of the various reformists, who will certainly use the appointment of a politically weak technocrat as a tool to push for further democraticisation. Perhaps this is what the King intends to happen, or perhaps this is a move to increase his influence to the expense of the military clique that has, since the end of the war, become the main threat to the King's great influence in national politics.
His Majesty appoints Marshal Badoglio
§RReformists, constitutionalists and democrats will oppose a return of the Marshal.§!
His Majesty appoints General Marras
§RThe militarists led by Marsal Badoglio will oppose this move.§!
Strongarming the Government
Badoglio may have had his government restored, but many opponents remain on the loose, openly criticising his government and thus endangering the survival of our Kingdom. As stable governance is sorely needed right now, the Marshal has decided to flood the city of Cagliari with troops, using the powers granted by the state of siege to effectively incapacitate whatever remains of Parliament and start ruling by decree. Many are protesting the move in the streets across Sardinia; but not a word has come out of the Royal Palace, indicating that Badoglio may be here to stay.
What comes next? Dictatorship?
The Special Laws before Parliament
The opposition has been all but destroyed, Parliament has been subdued; now, the Marshal is doing away with the vestiges of constitutional normalcy that allowed an end to his first dictatorship in 1931. These new emergency powers he is seeking to grant himself will effectively make Badoglio the absolute ruler of Sardinia; this, in spite of all the purges the country went through, gave some royally appointed Senators the courage to speak up against the Marshal.\n\nThis is an especially embarrassing situation, as the Senate remains the basis of Royal political power; to go through the crisis we'll have to ask the King to appoint friendly Senators as is tradition, submitting our government to the King's authority in the process and setting a dangerous precedent; otherwise, we'll need to go through extralegal means to achieve a majority in the Senate, which will be a costly and damaging endeavour seeing the often great stature and many protections these Senators enjoy.
Ask the King for a nudge
We can do this ourselves
The Last Step
Though we are extremely close to gaining full control of the nation, one great obstacle remains.\n\nThe King, to whom our Government must formally answer to, has been awfully quiet through the first months of Badoglio's new dictatorship, and royal power has grown unchecked. Neither supporting nor opposing our reforms, he has become a dangerous man, whose opposition could doom our whole project. Until today, it was not clear what His Majesty was plotting; this has changed now.\n\nThrough underground and backhand channels, the King has let it be known that he has asks for one thing in exchange for his support: a full guarantee of Royal power, and that the Marshal continue answering to him on all matters.
Bow to the King
The Marshal is the true ruler of Sardinia!
By Order of the King
For the second time in recent memory, armed units are seen marching on Cagliari. This time, they are not acting on orders of the Badoglio Government; indeed, after securing the city and receiving confirmation that all military bases in the island have moved with them, the soldiers in Cagliari move onto the seat of the Marshal, Boyl Palace.\n\nShocked, Badoglio can only watch as his soldiers enter his building to arrest him. Shortly after, an officer informs him that the King has seen fit to appoint Admiral Thaon di Revel to head a new 'royal' government. Betrayed by all his peers, the Marshal is arrested and dragged to an unknown location.
Marshal Badoglio, you're being relieved of duty
An End to the State of Emergency
With the reconquest of the mainland and the final expulsion of Syndicalism from Italy, many have come to consider the mission of Badoglio's government fully successful and concluded. A new question now lingers: what happens next?\n\nIn spite of all promises, the Marshal is unlikely to let go of power that easily. After all, His Majesty's rule is still opposed by many enemies within and abroad, and we can't afford to show any weakness now.\n\nStill, the people of [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] deserve to show their approval of Badoglio and his executive, and as such special laws have been put in place to ensure new elections are held regularly and give the correct results.\n\nWith all these precautions and many powers still otherwise bestowed on the Marshal, the perpetual state of siege has been declared redundant, and has been finally removed.
With the reconquest of the mainland and the final expulsion of Syndicalism from Italy, many have come to consider the purpose of the Royal Government exhausted. As the old Admiral Thaon di Revel looks towards retiring from active politics, the question of what happens next lingers.\n\nWhile the King very much doesn't want an active part in this new government, making a restoration of democracy look plausible, many within the Liberal elite and the Military see a full blown democratic reformation as likely to give power to the very Syndicalists we so bitterly fought.\n\nAs such, provisions have been put in place to restore democracy under the old 1892 electoral law, itself an extension of the original 1860 basic law, in order to restore the democratic rights of the citizens of [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] while preventing a takeover by hostile forces.\n\nThough opposed by some, the perpetual state of siege has as such been declared useless to the new [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] and finally removed.
Mission accomplished
The [GetYear] General Election
Today, [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] has gone to the polls, to renew their confidence towards the Marshal and the King. As expected, the results see a smashing victory by Badoglio's National Bloc, further showing that the Marshal may govern by decree, but he does so with the confidence of the King's subjects.\n\nSome international observers and internal opponents contest that the election was neither free nor fair, showing \
A great victory for the National Bloc!
The [GetYear] General Election
Today, [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] has gone to the polls, to renew the composition of Parliament[SRD.getConstituentAssemblyElections].\n\nThe main contenders of the election were of course the Liberals, though the historic division between conservative and progressive leaning blocs meant that, effectively, two factions had a shot to victory: the Rightist Liberals, more nationalistic and conservative and aligned to Confidustria, Confagricoltura and other such associations of industrialists and landowners, and the more progressive Leftist Liberals, more friendly to progressive causes, protectionists and in favour of compromise with the radical factions of Italian political life.\n\nSocialists and Catholics gained a worrying amount of votes, though our electoral laws ensured they only gained some marginal representation.
The Right Liberals gain the majority!
The Left Liberals cling to victory!
General Marras Lifts the State of Emergency
Though some political analysts expected this development, many were still surprised when General Marras announced today that the state of siege is to be lifted.\n\nIn spite of his relative political weakness, a lot of disillusioned Sardinians were expecting a return to dictatorship as news of the appointment of a commissioned officer as Prime Minister broke out. Instead, the first true step towards the restoration of democracy was taken, as the Government renounces the emergency powers it had been granted almost two decades ago.\n\nWhile no elections are scheduled yet, Marras has indicated that they're going to be called soon.
Let's see if they're ready to fulfil their promises
A Call for Elections
Showing commitment to his earlier promises, today general Marras has asked the King to call for elections. Parties are to organise; in order to ensure the fairness of these elections, a campaigning period of three months has been declared.\n\nSome, especially in the Liberal camp, asked Marras to run for elections himself; still, the general has chosen to retire from active politics. This greatly weakened the Liberals, though they may still pull off surprising results; however, a victory of the Christian Democrats or even the Sardists remains far more likely.
How liberating
§YElections will be held in nine weeks§!
The [GetYear] General Election
For the first time since 1913, free elections have been held in our Country. Across the whole Island, Sardinians of all extractions flock to the polls to express their vote. Though many lists are running, only a few are expected to have a chance to dominate the new Parliament.\n\nOn the centre and the centre-right stand the Christian Democrats of the Sardinian Democratic Union. Moderates, they look towards finally bringing political Catholicism to government after a long period of abstinence from politics. Overall popular among the populace, they're widely expected to become the biggest party in Parliament, though their internal divisions may make it possible for their Left Liberal allies to gain power with their support.\n\nOpposed to them stand the Sardists of the Sardinian Action Party; progressives and federalists, they hope to bring forward the recipe for a new Sardinia of equality and justice, and may still snatch a victory. However, they too are divided between the moderates and the almost Socialist leaning allies of Giovanni Battista Melis.\n\nLastly, though their powerbase has collapsed since the last elections, the Rightist Liberals may still manage to exceed expectations and cause great havoc.
In a great upset, the Liberal Right causes a gridlock in Parliament!
As expected, the Christian Democrats gain the majority!
Surprisingly, the Sardists sweep the island!
The [GetYear] General Election
[SRD.getFiveYearsorNo]he people of [SRD.GetNonIdeologyName] flock to the polls to renew the composition of Parliament[SRD.getConstituentAssemblyElections]. Many parties participated in these elections, but only a few are expected to be able to actually form the basis for a new Government.\n\n[SRD.GetCatholicElectionOption][SRD.GetNationalCentre]\n\n[SRD.GetLeftElectionOption]\n\nAs the polls close, it appears the winner of these consultations is...
After five years, t
, which, in this specific occasion, is to function as a Constituent Assembly for the elaboration of a new Constitution for Italy
On the right stands the Christian Democratic-Monarchist ticket. Formed right after the restoration of democracy, it's an overall moderate and conservative alliance.
On the centre stand the Christian Democrats and their Liberal allies. The Centrist alliance seeks to unite multiple factions of Italian politics, as the Christian Democrats themselves include factions stemming from Right to Left.
\n\nOn the centre stands the so-called 'National Centre', an alliance of progressive and liberal parties spearheaded by the Democratic Social Party. An overall liberal and at times federalist faction, it seeks to thread between both the leftist Labourists and the rightist Christian Democrats.
On the left we find the Sardinian Action Party. A federalist, sardist and overall progressive movement, it moves for a more \
On the left we find the Action Party. A federalist, pro-union, at times even Republican party, it fights to make this new Italy a better and more just nation.
On the left we find the Socialist Labour Party. A fusion of the federalist Actionists with other socialist groups from the former Socialist Republic, it fights for a more just and equal Italy. While Republican at times, the Socialists have found a compromise with the monarchy and wouldn't endanger our King and our Democracy if in power.
The Centre-Right!
The Centre!
The National Centre!
The Centre-Left!
The King Meets the UDS
With a gridlocked Parliament, the King has decided to meet with the leaders of the Sardinian Democratic Union, still the biggest party by seats. After several rounds of negotiations, two government solutions have been found: either the UDS allies the Liberals, or the Sardists join the Centrists to form a National Government. With strong politicians like Antonio Segni pushing for a Centre-Right government and interparty talks with the Sardists slowly grinding to a halt, a Democratic-Monarchist coalition seems likely, but both compromises are still feasible.
Democrats and Monarchists form a coalition!
Democrats and Sardists overcome their differences!
The King Meets the Centrists
After the easy victory of the Christian Democrats, the King has met with them and their allies to see how best approach the next five years of governance. At first, a government led by honourable Corrias seemed certain; however, internal divisions within the Democrats may doom his candidacy, as some are shifting their support to the candidate proposed by their Liberal allies.
The Democrats retain the upper hand!
The Liberals obtain the premiership!
The King Meets the Sardists
Following the elections, the King has met with the two main leaders of the Sardist movement, the moderate Bellieni and the radical Melis. After congratulating them on their impressive victory, His Majesty and the two honourables discussed a possible governing solution. The first choice for Prime Minister seems to be the moderate Bellieni; but even the openly republican Melis seems to have a chance.
Honourable Bellieni is invited, as expected!
In a surprise move, Honourable Melis is chosen!
Protests in Cagliari
With the capital of the Kingdom moving away from Cagliari after the successful reclamation of the Mainland and no sign of Sardinian autonomy anywhere, the island has today exploded in anger against the political classes that ignore its existence in spite of all the sacrifices it has made to come to this point.\n\nAuthorities have been quick to quell the unrest, and some of our most rightist ministers have threatened the island with a renewed state of siege; but, with the trust of Sardinia broken, it may now move in a more radical direction. What effect this will have is unlikely to be seen in the short term, though we can't know for sure what this will cause in a few decades.
How daring
Parliament Votes on Sardinian Autonomy
With the reclamation of the Mainland completed and the government bodies moving out of Cagliari, many feel it is time to finally grant Sardinia the autonomy it was promised.\nHowever, the political situation has certainly changed since then. With the integration of many more territories into the Kingdom, mainlander politicians both in the right and in the far left are pushing in favour of remaining with our current centralist model of government. It is not certain whether this new Autonomy Bill will pass; should it not pass, we can expect Sardinia to erupt in anger at our failure to acknowledge its right to self-government after doing so much for our King and our Nation.
The Bill passes!
The Bill is defeated!
A Medal to Valour
Eternally grateful for the role Sardinia had in the reclamation of the Mainland, His Majesty has today presented motu proprio the whole island with a golden medal to valour, the highest decoration to military valour in the [SRD.GetAdjectiveCap] state. Widely seen as yet another show of gratitude by a, by now, widely popular monarch, it has further cemented the image of a gentleman and soldier King, that is also truly a Sardinian King.
Avanti Sardegna!
The Reformation of Pan-Italian Parties
Our move towards finally reuniting Italy has had a profound effect on the wider political sphere. Our mainly Sardinia-based parties have again come into contact with other organisations operating from different parts of the Country, including underground parties from the former Socialist Republic; in the new environment, many small regional movements have fallen into irrelevancy. The main parties, instead, have rapidly adapted.\n\nThe now former Sardinian Democratic Union managed a merger with the various Catholic organisations operating in the Socialist Republic and the People's Party, going on to form the Christian Democrats; the Liberals have rapidly reunited with their brethren around the country, uniting many left liberals under a new Italian Liberal Party.\nOn the other side of the aisle, the Sardinian Action Party has reorganised under Melis' direction, becoming simply the Action Party and incorporating many other progressive, federalist and even republican movements.\n\nItalian politics have gone through another earthquake, but it seems that the more things change, the more they stay the same.
Hopefully, this is for the better.
Actionists and Socialists Fuse
Ever since its formation, the new Action Party has been a force of the Left, friendly enough towards the causes of the Socialist Republic to be branded as \
A new beginning?
Moderates Split from the Labour Party
The dream of reconstructing the wide Socialist Party of old has come tumbling down in the last weeks. While the reunification was spearheaded by the Sardist and Federalist Giovanni Battista Melis, many federalists and sardists were no socialists, like Bellieni, or had abandoned Socialism even before the Weltkrieg. As such, it was no surprise when this extremely moderate wing left the party and joined with other progressive liberal organisations to form a new Democratic Social Party; [SRD.getFarmersChances].\n\nOne notable event during the split was the heartfelt speech in favour of socialist unity given by Socialist activist and former SRI politician Sandro Pertini; he may have a bright future ahead.
however, with the Liberals firmly in the Centrist camp and no other party showing interest in working with them, they likely won't have a shot at actually governing the Nation.
and, with the added prestige of the Prime Minister himself joining them, they may just have a chance at establishing themselves in the next elections.
and, with the Liberals initiating talks with them after years of being sidelined by their former Catholic allies, they may just have a chance at establishing themselves in the next elections.
It was already too wide of a party
The King's Men
Though forced to intervene in national politics in the years since he assumed the throne, king Amedeo hadn't enjoyed the gilded cage of Kinghood and appeared to miss the days he spent working in a soap factory in the Congo. With the country finding itself at war, some started wondering what the point of fighting to reconquer a Kingdom for a King who didn't wish to rule it was. In a most intriguing manner, the King managed to wash away those dangerous doubts.\n\nDefying a great number of military and political conventions, Amedeo appointed his brother Aimone as Lieutenant of the Kingdom and managed to reach the frontlines. However, unlike former king Victor Emmanuel, he didn't simply go there to visit the troops; he went there to join the fight for the future of Italy and the World together with his soldiers.\nThere were some formal problems with the King, theoretically Commander-in-Chief of the Royal Army, rejoining the military ranks in the field of battle; but those were quickly smoothed out.\nTogether with his men, and in spite of the pleas of the Government urging for the safety of the Head of State, His Majesty took part in a number of daring operations into enemy territory, coming back undefeated. The 'King's Men', led by their 'Iron King', have already gathered something of a reputation; some look to them as the successors of the legendary Third Army, undefeated during the Weltkrieg, while it was led by His Majesty's very father.
May these men be the worthy successors of the Third Army
The Corsican-Sardist Action Pact
Having united the island of Corsica with our domains, the local community initially stood idle, analysing the new political situation under their new King. But today, after many weeks of negotiations, there has finally been a political breakthrough in the northern Island. In fact, this breakthrough involves both Corsica and Sardinia itself.\n\nSince its foundation, the Corsican Action Party considered itself the sister party of the Sardinian Action Party, with which they shared their autonomism (though from France instead of Italy). Today, the party leaders Petru Rocca and Giovanni Battista Melis have announced the formation of an Action Pact between the two parties, effectively solidifying them into a single autonomist bloc.\nThis was no obvious development; the Corsican Actionists are much more right-leaning and pro-Italian than their Sardist counterparts, something both the Corsicans and the left wing of the Sardinian Actionists saw as a roadblock to potential unification.\n\nStill, these concerns were smoothed over in the last weeks, though they made an outright fusion of the two parties impossible. With the entry of the Corsican autonomists into the larger [SRD.GetAdjectiveCap] political life, another unredeemed land is finally and fully returned to her Fatherland.
A toast to the future of Corsica!
The Fate of FIAT
With the reconquest of the Mainland, we have come across the vast establishments of the FIAT automotive empire.\n\nIn the years of Socialist rule, the colossus has been reshaped into an entity completely controlled by the Government, which provided many of the vehicles the Socialist Republic needed in order to wage war.\n\nIn the meantime, the Agnelli family, former owners of the plant, worked to rebuild their empire in Sardinia, founding the Automobili Agnelli company which helped our own efforts in the conflict.\n\nAs we return, the Agnelli family seems to expect us to allow a merger between their new firm and the wider FIAT, with them at the helm. Of course, there is always the option to keep FIAT under our direct control and trim the Agnelli empire in the process.
Allow the merger
Keep them separated
§RYour statist turn is not appreciated by the Industrial-Agrarian Power Group.§!
The Constituent Assembly Conclude their Work
After a year of discussions, debates and agreements, the deputies of the Constituent Assembly have moved to approve the final draft for the new Italian Constitution.\n\nIn it are included a new definition of royal and government powers, the role of Parliament and the courts; the nebulous nature of the Statuto Albertino has been avoided. Learning from the dictatorships of the 1920s, multiple clauses have been added to ensure a democratic order is always kept, no matter the situation.\nThe new constitution will not be granted by the King, but will emanate its authority from the people of Italy. Of course, the position of His Majesty, by the grace of God and will of the nation King of Italy, isn't threatened.\n\nThe new Constitution is expected to be granted royal assent in the coming weeks.
Congratulations
Calls for a Constitutional Assembly
With the successful reunification of Italy, the old Sardinian Parliament has suddenly become extremely unfit to represent the whole of our Country. With constituencies being redrawn and many seats added, there are popular calls for new elections, to determine the future of the Nation.\n\nDue to the many different political realities that have emerged in the last twenty years, it is clear the deputies elected will have the task of overhauling and replacing the old Statuto Albertino, a task many eager new men are willing to take on.
Il Sol dell'Avvenire...
Kingdom of Italy Restored
Today King [SRD.GetLeader] declared that the Kingdom of Italy had once again been restored and made whole. \
The old order returns, it seems.
Amedeo I
Amedeo Duca d'Aosta
For the longest time, Amedeo of Savoy-Aosta kept out of national politics. The would-be King wasn't interested in the affairs of state, or the day-to-day administration of the Country; instead, much like all other Dukes of Aosta, he spent his early years going through a rigorous military education, first in Britain and then in Naples. In 1915, the then 16-year-old royal joined the Army on the Alpine front as a corporal, and fought his way into becoming a captain. With the end of the war, he was initially forced to follow his father to Cagliari.\n\nHowever, instead of studying the specifics of Sardinia, Amedeo was fascinated by the ancient lands and cultures of Africa. Deeply uninterested in the political affairs of the Island, he spent much of the 1920s in the jungles of the Congo with his uncle the famous Duke of the Abruzzi, leaving Sardinia in the hands of Marshal Badoglio and only coming back once the health of his father had begun to falter.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1898, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SRD_amedeo_aosta_desc_body$\n\nNow on the throne, Amedeo remains as brave and bright as any seasoned explorer, though he retains his aversion to politics; some say these characteristics are those of a great general, but it is uncertain whether they are those of a great King.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1898, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$SRD_amedeo_aosta_desc_body$\n\nNow descending upon the battlefield to fight with his soldiers like he did in the Weltkrieg, King Amedeo's reputation as a fearless explorer has now evolved and morphed into that of a fearless soldier, fighting on the field for the Country upon which he reigns 'by the Grace of God and will of the Nation'. Some initially questioned the truthfulness of this reputation, though a number of daring actions made this view marginal at best. Others say this is just an inventive way to escape from the duties of kinghood; this may well be true, but his people don't seem to care quite enough as their Iron King rides into battle to defeat the enemies of the Nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1898, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pietro Badoglio
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1871, in Grazzano Monferrato, Alessandria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Valle
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1886, in Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pietro Pintor
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1880, in Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Prince Umberto
Umberto II
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1904, in Racconigi, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Filiberto Duca di Pistoia
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1895, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Amedeo Guillet
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1909, in Piacenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Cordero Lanza di Montezemolo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1901, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Prince Adalberto
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1898, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Aimone di Savoia-Aosta
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1900, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Roatta
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1887, in Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Bruno Malaguti
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1887, in Finale Emilia, Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Domenico Cavagnari
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1876, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Angelo Iachino
§YBorn:§! §LApril 24th, 1889, in Sanremo, Porto Maurizio, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Galati
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 19th, 1897, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Messe
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1883, in Mesagne, Lecce, Kingdom of Italy§!
Paolo Thaon di Revel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1859, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Roberto Lucifero d'Aprigliano
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 16th, 1903, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Bruno Villabruna
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1884, in Santa Giustina, Belluno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giorgio Bardanzellu
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1888, in Luras, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Efisio Marras
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 2nd, 1888, in Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Raffaele Sanna Randaccio
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1896, in Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonio Segni
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1891, in Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alfredo Corrias
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1895, in Oristano, Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Adone Zoli
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 16th, 1887, in Cesena, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Camillo Bellieni
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1893, in Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Arturo Labriola
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1873, in Naples, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alessandro Scotti
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1889, in Montegrosso d'Asti, Alessandria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Battista Melis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 19th, 1904, in Oliena, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Persico
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1878, in Benevento, Benevento, Kingdom of Italy§!
Vittorio Ambrosio
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1879, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Sechi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1871, in Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Raimondo Scintu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1889, in Guasila, Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Oggiano
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1892, in Siniscola, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Battista Bardanzellu
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1885, in Olbia, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alessandro Nanni
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Tempio, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Crespellani
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1897, in Cagliari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Stefano Siglienti
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1898, in Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Edoardo Agnelli
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1892, in Verona, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ernesto Maria Piovella
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1867, in Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Petru Rocca
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1887, in Vico, Corse, French Republic§!
Giuseppe Musinu
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1891, in Thiesi, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Paolo Berardi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1885, in Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Enrico Martini
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 29th, 1911, in Mondovì, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Angelo Parona
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1896, in Aosta, Kingdom of Italy§!
Francesco Serra
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 5th, 1892, in Porto Torres, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Rino Corso Fougier
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1894, in Bastia, Corse, French Republic§!
Pietro Pinna Parpaglia
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1891, in Pozzomaggiore, Sassari, Kingdom of Italy§!
Renato Sandalli
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 25th, 1897, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
The Explorer King
The Iron King
