§GWe will call for a convention with the Puerto Rican Legislative Parties in order to negotiate for stability in the Island.§!
§RThis is bound to worsen the situation on the island...§!
§GPuerto Rico will begin to transition towards independence!§!\nSupport for §PPaternal Autocrats§! must be below §Y55%§! for the §BIndependentists§! to take over.
§RPuerto Rico will begin to integrate back into the United States!§!\nWe will need over §Y55%§! $paternal_autocrat_coloured$ support to complete this focus branch.\nIf support for the §PPaternal Autocrats§! drops below §Y20%§! while taking the focuses, the §BIndependentists§! will take over!
§GThe US will gain Cores on Puerto Rico and the Island will rejoin the United States!§!
§RIf the Nationalists are elected in Puerto Rico, our residents may be endangered!§!
Puerto Rico will sign a §GDeclaration of Independence§!.\nA new §MDemocratic Focus Tree§! will unlock.
§GUnlocks access to other sections of the focus tree.§!
§GWe will start establishing embassies with nations supportive of our independence.§!
The political situation has stabilised.
The government has consolidated.
§RThe Americans have refused to provide aid!§!
§RThe Americans have chosen not to grant us full citizenship.§!
§ROur imperial masters seek to reclaim Puerto Rico by force.§!
Had war with [CAN.GetName].
Had war with [WIF.GetName].
Partido Comunista
Partido Comunista de Puerto Rico (Communist Party of Puerto Rico)
Partido Socialista
Partido Socialista Puertorriqueño (Socialist Party of Puerto Rico)
Confederación General de Trabajo
Confederación General de Trabajo (General Confederation of Labour)
Partido Socialista
Partido Socialista Puertorriqueño (Puerto Rican Socialist Party)
Partido Liberal
Partido Liberal de Puerto Rico (Liberal Party of Puerto Rico)
Partido Liberal
Partido Liberal de Puerto Rico (Liberal Party of Puerto Rico)
Unión de Puerto Rico
Unión de Puerto Rico (Union of Puerto Rico)
Partido Unión
Partido Unión Puertorriqueña (Puerto Rican Union Party)
Gobernación Americana
Gobernación Americana (American Governorship)
Partido Nacionalista
Partido Nacionalista de Puerto Rico (Nationalist Party of Puerto Rico)
Puerto Rico Focus Tree
Puerto Rico Democratic Focus Tree
Puerto Rico Nationalist Focus Tree
Protests Succeed
After weeks of unrest, the Americans have finally decided to take action. It is now up to the Governor and the political forces behind Puerto Rico to either reach an agreement or pave the way for a much longed independence...
Puerto Rican National Defence
As an independent nation, Puerto Rico will still need an army, one that can guard its borders and defend its interests abroad. While we have a head start thank to Esteves' National Guard, we still need to advance such an organisation into a full new institution, a Puerto Rican Army.
Puerto Rican Coast Guard
As an island nation, the control of our shores is paramount for our national security. While creating a fleet is a long term project, it is one we would be wise to invest in.
Economic Recovery Plan
After more than a decade of economic hardship, several plans and schemes have been drafted to help us out of the Depression. While back in their time the Americans failed to implement them now that we're carving up our own destiny, it may be time to restart these plans and get the Puerto Rican Economy back on track.
San Juan Convention
Governor Winship has decided that the best way to tackle the anti American sentiment in the island is to convene with the different parties that represent the Puerto Rican People in the Legislature in order to reach a compromise. Whether this will save the American presence on the island or further doom it, remains to be seen...
Destroyer Projects
Destroyers are vital for any modern day navy, no matter its size. These light escort ships protect vital trade routes from vicious submarine attacks, and if Puerto Rico's trade is going to be secure, we should look forward to developing them.
Import Submarine Designs
While Destroyers are vital for protecting our trade routes, our enemies also have their trade routes, and considering our limited resources, we cannot afford their trade to reach their shores or else we'll lose in the long run. We should invest in submarines in order to have the means to disrupt said trade routes.
Founding the Astillero de Puerto Rico
For years, a proposal had been thrown around about creating a Puerto Rican dockyard in San Juan, one that would help with the unemployment in the area as well as providing a badly needed replacement to American trade shipping, which had a monopoly on the island until very recently. Now, we're finally ready to invest and create the Astillero de Puerto.
Copy the American Model
The Americans have protected the island for over three decades, and many of our current officers served in the American system. It is only logical that, instead of changing our structure, we stick to the devil we know and continue utilising and expanding upon the American system.
Negotiations Fail
Despite the Governor's best attempts, there was no compromise to be found with the Union of Puerto Rico. Now the only option left is to ensure a peaceful transition towards independence.
Aggressive Autarky
As foreign investors pull out their funding, or an economic recession hits the world, hundreds of thousands in Puerto Rico become unemployed overnight, and such a situation has become unsustainable over the years. The Nationalists have long advocated for strong protectionist measures and so, we shall start implementing these new policies to get the Puerto Rican Economy back on track once more.
Negotiations Successful
Having managed to bring the UPR members around, we have been able to sign an agreement, and we are on our way to returning to the Union as allies once more.
Puerto Rico Relief Plan
One of the points of the San Juan Convention was the dire need for economic relief for Puerto Rico, as the island's economy lays in ruin due to decades of an agricultural export oriented model. The American Government will need to pool its resources in order to provide work for Puerto Ricans, but it'll be beneficial for both of us in the long run.
Economic Stance Towards the Union
Even if our push for independence is genuine, we cannot fully cut our ties with the American Government. We need to establish the status of the American business and trade in regards to Puerto Rico, and while this may end poorly with the American government, it'd be beneficial that we settle an agreement as soon as possible.
Status of American Citizens
While Americans have guaranteed they won't impede our self-determination, it's clear that they have a vested interest in the continued well-being of Americans on the island. Approaching them with a treaty to ease tensions could definitely go a long way into ensuring they see us more positively.
Status of Puerto Ricans in America
Despite the passing of the Jones Act, Puerto Ricans in America have been long treated as second class citizens, being given little recognition in terms of civil rights, as they literally couldn't vote until very recently, and even forcing some Puerto Ricans to serve on segregated African-American Regiments! This will need to change if our island is to integrate back into the Union.
Back to the Union
With our population supporting our return to the Union, we should finally rejoin the Americans and fight together as one once more!
Declare Full Independence
With our agreements with the Americans signed, it's finally time for us to sign a definitive declaration of independence. Copying our South American cousins, we'll make a formal declaration that'll make our founding fathers proud and then archive it for future generations.
Home Grown Defence Force
With the expulsion of the American-trained staff, why should we keep their oppressive institutions? We have long had a parallel organisations, like the Cadets of the Republic, which has acted as an informal fighting force for the island for years. Perhaps we should adopt their structure, and expand on them as our new army, as opposed to simply copying what the Americans tried to impose on us.
Recruitment Drive
One of the main necessities of the Cadets is raw recruits. As its structure is more built around strength in numbers, it has a constant need for fresh recruits, and as such, we should both encourage people to join the organisation willingly, as well as draft able bodied men into a separate reserve to call them upon our time of need.
Create Weapons Workshops
Lacking an arms industry and any willing foreign suppliers, we have no choice but to rely on ourselves for our own weapons production. While it may be difficult to set up, it'll be beneficial for us in the long run that we import tooling to make weapons and begin the first weapons workshops of the island.
Weapons' Contractors
With contacts in America, we have been able to secure a solid weapons contract for our military needs. While some argued that a local production would've been better, there's no denying that it's better to have foreign tried and true weapons than risk producing subpar material here on our island.
Puerto Rican National Guard
The Puerto Rican National Guard, created in June 3 of 1916, has been of vital importance when it came to the defence of the island since its inception. Its founder and commander-in-chief, Luis R. Esteves, has suggested that we expand upon it as our main combat force, as it's the both the most well developed and trained defence institution in our nation, and so we shall indulge his request.
Officer Exchange Programme
West Point has long since taken Puerto Rican recruits for officer training. However, with Puerto Rico establishing itself as an independent nation, this arrangement sees itself threatened. Luckily, commander Esteves has contacts in the academy that indicate that they're willing to continue taking recruits provided we reach an economically viable arrangement for it.
Puerto Rican Patrol Air Force
While the Air Force has never really been a part of the Cadets priorities, it's clear that our force alone won't hold against a foreign naval invasion. We need planes capable of preventing naval landings, not to fully repel an invasion but to at least weak it enough for our land forces to take care of them, so we should therefore invest in an air force capable of providing us with said protection.
Puerto Rico Air National Guard
Following the American example yet again, Puerto Rico should begin building an equivalent of the United States Army Air Corps. Focusing on protecting our skies as well as coordinating with our armies, it should help our infantry have an edge on the battlefield.
Naval Bomber Protection
As per our plan, the import and creation of naval bombers is a priority so that we may create a perimeter around our island where our enemies can't attack us, focusing their efforts on key areas where our local forces can intercept them.
Re-purpose Castle San Felipe del Morro
Castle San Felipe has long since stood as a symbol of our national defence, and provided its strategic position and ample training grounds, it has been proposed as a place to set up an officer academy for the Cadets of the Republic to train. We should allow the plan to go forward and fund its progress.
The New Army Marches Forward
With our army reforms at an end, the Puerto Rican military can now stand shoulder to shoulder with any force in the Caribbean!
Fighter Investments
Any form of Puerto Rican Air Force would be in dire need of fighters! As such, it is our duty to supply our pilots with the equipment necessary to achieve air superiority.
Medium Bomber Investments
While small and nimble naval bombers can certainly pack quite a punch against enemy ships, there are also times where the enemy will land, and we will need something to harass their troops on land, as well as planes that can withstand heavier damage in order to reach more valuable naval targets. As such, we should invest in medium bombers.
Close Air Support Effort
Close air support planes are a new wonder of the battlefield. While not carrying as much ordnance as heavy bombers, they compensate this shortcoming with accuracy, and such accuracy is a thing we will need in case our island becomes threatened once more, as we cannot afford the collateral damage or the waste of resources. Therefore, we should invest further into acquiring and developing this type of aircraft.
Protecting Puerto Rico's Skies
While we may have planes at our disposition, that's not enough to protect our cities from bombings and to secure air superiority. We need to hire instructors to teach our pilots how to best take advantage of their own planes and of the enemy.
Export-Focused Economy
Despite protests from the Nationalists, we have no real choice economically but to sustain the agricultural export model. While this means that, for now, we will continue exporting, we will still focus a part of our proceeds into our local industry, even if it may slow down our industrial development in the long run.
Improving the Sugar Market
The sugar plantations in the island have long since been the backbone of the Puerto Rican economy. However, they have largely grown outdated, and with our whole economy dependent on them, it will require some serious effort to modernise this sector if we truly wish to survive our economic depression.
Securing Pineapple Investments
The pineapple market is an often overlooked sector for many agriculture-oriented economies, largely due to the exceptional conditions required to cultivate it. Luckily for us, pineapples are easy to come by on our island, and a great source of revenue from a rather unexploited market, so we should secure some investments into this fast growing agricultural sector!
Subsistence Farming
Our farmers have been forced for ages to cultivate cash crops in order to survive. However, with our shift in economic policy to a more autarkic model, these same farmers are now suffering from shortages due to them being unable to sell most of their sugar now. As a solution, subsistence farming shall be encouraged so that our farmers may become independent once more from export profits.
Industrial Investments
While Puerto Rico may enforce harsh tariffs for its exports, there's no denying that there's a patent lack of money to make industrial investments. As such, we shall provide tax reliefs and special settlement clauses for new companies to arrive at our island and provide some much needed work to our citizens.
Import Industrial Tooling
Regardless of our approach to economic policy, the existing Puerto Rican light industry is in dire need of modernisation. Importation of modern tools and industrial machinery should get us up to speed with other nations of the world.
Pass Government Relief Plans
The major bane of the Puerto Rican economy is large amounts of unemployment. Considering the lack of natural ways for people to acquire work, there are few options other than creating jobs via investment and publicly owned companies. As such, we should seek to kick-start a government funded construction company in San Juan so that it may help alleviate our unemployment issue.
Economic Crisis Resolved
While the aftershocks of the recession will likely affect our nation for the years if not decades to come, the worst of it is now over. While this may not yet mark the end of all of Puerto Rico's woes, it's certainly a step in the right direction.
Investment in Light Industry
Light industry has been vital to facilitate exports of sugar from our plantations. By further investing in it, we will be able to enhance our sugar output and yield even greater profits from our exports programme.
Assembly Line Production
As our nation industrialises, we also need to adapt our industrial methodology. Considering the rampant unemployment on the island, it'd be in our best interest to adopt an assembly line production system that employs as many workers as possible for as many tasks as required, and so we shall encourage this practice in our existing industry.
Puerto Rican Trade Connections
Regardless of whatever economic plans our government undertakes, we will need to sustain trade with other nations on our own shoulders. It would be in our government's best interest in invest in convoy ships, so we can solidify the stability of our economy via trade.
Naval Officer Initiative
A lack of naval officers has affected our nation since our newly-found independence. By funding the creation of a small naval academy in the San Juan port as well as paying for our graduates to study abroad and return to our service, we will be able to overcome this shortcoming.
Coastal Patrol Force
With the consolidation of our air branch, we can finally field a combat capable coastal patrol force, that will both serve as scouts to warn us of enemy activity as well as our first means of defence against an attack.
Fleet Exercises
While the newly founded Puerto Rican Navy will definitely never reach the same size as the German or American fleets, we still need a combat worthy force! For that, a series of exercises shall be conducted off our shores to ensure our forces are up for the task.
Found a new Officer's Academy
Without the option of sending our officers abroad, due to both diplomatic and monetary reasons, we are forced to open our own officer academy in San Juan. While not very impressive when compared to places like the Annapolis Naval Academy, it'll still get the job done for our small navy in providing a steady stream of capable officers.
The Hour of Nationalism
With the people finally throwing away the shackles of their foreign oppressors, now is the time for the Nationalist Party to come to the forefront as the confrontation they had been preparing for nearly a decade ensues. We will prevail, by any means necessary!
The Second Grito de Lares
With our foreign oppressors now coming back to put their shackles back on us, we need to rally our people once more. The most well known rebellion on our island was the 1868 Grito de Lares, and in order to rally our people, we should embrace the idea that this is the Second Grito de Lares, the one where Puerto Rico will finally be free!
Form Popular Militias
There's no time to wait for Esteves' National Guard to mobilise. We need every man we can get and as such, we should start mobilising every man and woman that wishes to see Puerto Rico be independent from foreign invaders.
The Revolution Successful
One way or another, our new government has survived against all odds. Now, we need to look forward to rebuilding and remaking Puerto Rico from scratch.
Refit Castle San Felipe del Morro
Castle San Felipe del Morro has long stood as one of the major defensive fortification of the island. While vastly outdated, there are ways we can improvise its construction and strategical position to turn it into a fortification that can effectively defend San Juan from foreign invaders.
Naval Invasion Defences
The refitting of the castle is not enough to secure the entire island. We require trenches, bunkers, sea walls, anything and everything that may help us repel or at the very least slow down the invaders.
Weapons Smuggling
Given our lack of local industry, we have no option but to secure weapons through 'unconventional' means. Some Cuban smugglers have contacted us to sneak rifles into our island, but they'll obviously not do this for free...
Recruitment Efforts
The militias we raised are important, but not quite enough. We need every hand on deck for the coming battles, and we should try and encourage the recruitment of every able bodied men from the island to at least auxiliary roles.
Guerrilla Warfare Tactics
The Cadets of the Republic have long since taken up arms in the forests and jungles of the island, preparing for the time they'd need to fight the Americans. Now, their expertise is direly needed for our struggle, and thankfully, they have a thing or two to teach to our new recruits.
Improvised Anti Air Batteries
While we may control the land on our island, the enemy has certain control of the skies. We need to create a division in our militias that keeps watch of the skies and dedicates itself to taking down enemy planes as they appear. We may not have much, but perhaps we can re-purpose some of the machine guns the Americans left behind for this task.
For a Free Puerto Rico!
With our defences ready, our army prepared and the enemies at our gates, it should be every citizen's duty to make sure we succeed. Sacrifices may have to be made, rationing will have to be done, but victory wasn't meant to be easy. Regardless, we need to march forward if we wish to save our nation from another century of colonialism, onwards!
Fate of the Democrats
While democratic parties like the Liberals were supportive of our revolt, others like the Republicans or Socialists were opposed to our revolution. Luckily, we don't need to deal with their attempts at weakening our government any further, so it shall be up to our leader to decide whether or not we should keep a façade of legitimacy by supporting these parties, or if we should just cut them off for good.
The New Puerto Rican Government
With Albizu now comfortably sitting in La Fortaleza, the Nationalist Party of Puerto Rico must convene to decide on the new government. However, all may not be as good as it looks, and cracks are beginning to form within the party...
Towards a New Puerto Rico
Albizu has grand plans to remaking Puerto Rico from the ground up. Now that we have fully released ourselves from the shackles of European and American Imperialism, there's no better time than to start remaking our society, from its political sphere, to its economic sphere as well as its social sphere. A series of reforms will begin soon enough that will shape the fate of our nation for the years to come!
Deal with the Remaining Americans
Americans have long been a plague in the island and we're finally in a position to deliver a killing blow to their presence here for good. However, not everyone agrees that we should do this in the party, and it falls to Albizu to resolve this disagreement...
Economic Reform Programme
Despite years of attempted economic reform, none of the American policies managed to truly help the common Puerto Rican. As such, it falls to the Nationalist party to ensure a better livelihood for all Puerto Ricans, but as for what that entails, it remains to be discussed by the party...
Political Reform Campaign
For decades, Puerto Ricans have existed isolated from political activity. It was only during very short and very restricted periods where our people actually enjoyed the right of voting, and this has all been due to the permeating influence of foreign oppressors. Luckily, the Nationalist Party may yet have a cure for such a disease...
Social Reform Plan
While our culture has endured despite attempts of cultural colonisation by the Americans, there is still work to be done towards consolidating it. As such, the party has drafted a plan to solidify some of the concepts Albizu has denominated as 'Puerto Rican', but it'll be up to him whether he truly wants his concept of Puerto Rican identity to be mandatory or only something for true Patriots...
International Recognition
With our revolt having been less than legal, and highly violent, the international community originally shunned us and refused to acknowledge our existence, largely to toe the line to their Anglo-Saxon masters! However, a long time has passed since then, and it may now be time to finally reach out with the rest of the world in a search for recognition.
A Truly Independent Puerto Rico
We need no rulers or masters to guide our path. Puerto Rico is perfectly fine as its own thing in the Caribbean, and our only search should be for someone who wishes us to remain this way, as opposed to trying to secure any long dead dream of grandeur our founding fathers may have had.
Seek a New Protector
Puerto Rico has always counted with a larger nation to protect it from outside aggression. First it was Spain, then it was the Americans, but now, with both fully gone from the island, we need to find a new protector.
Old Friendships
The Venezuelan government and people had been receptive of Albizu's speeches and campaigns since the start. Given their proximity and their relative power projection, perhaps it would be wise to close ties with them once more, and take advantage of our diplomatic affinity for our protection.
Constitutional Convention
Our first move as an independent nation should be to draft a constitution. While not every nation has or needs a constitution, it'll help solidify the legitimacy of our government over the people of Puerto Rico in the eyes of the international community, as well as allowing us to establish a set of baseline rules all parties have to follow from now on.
First Election of Puerto Rico
Discounting the Legislative elections that were held every four years after the Jones Act, now is the first time in decades that the Puerto Rican people have been able to vote on their representatives. While excitement over this historical event is nearly palpable, there are still worries abroad that a radical party being elected can potentially throw the careful co-existence of parties in the island off course...
International Recognition
While our declaration of independence having been a rather peaceful affair has solidified our position in the international stage, we still need to re-establish formal relations with countries that could and should recognise us as a sovereign nation. As such, we should dispatch delegates as soon as possible to negotiate with other nations in order to establish new embassies abroad.
Partido Union Elected
The Partido Union, founded in 1932 by Jose Cull y Cuchi after deserting from the nationalist party, is an oddity of the Puerto Rican political scene. While strictly a protectionist party, similar to the PNPR, it has picked up some of the rhetoric of Huey Long, to the point its leader is openly compared to the Kingfish! And, as the election seems to suggest, maybe that's just what Puerto Rico wants right now...
Partido Nacionalista Victorious
While not an underdog by any stretch, the Nationalist victory still comes as a surprise for many who saw the party as a temporal entity, one that was meant to exist to seek a violent independence from foreigners as opposed to one running a democratically elected office. Nevertheless, Albizu has clearly come ahead in the voting booths, and shall now be the president of Puerto Rico.
Partido Socialista Triumphant
An underdog in the election, the Partido Socialista has managed to win against all odds. Now, it falls to ageing Santiago Iglesias Pantín to lead Puerto Rico for the next four years, and hopefully bring a semblance of stability and progress that has for so long eluded the island.
Partido Liberal Successful
With [ROOT.GetLeader] now as the acting president, many expect that the Puerto Rican instability that has disrupted the island for nearly a decade will finally come to an end, as the Liberals had promised. Whether they'll be able to deliver or not, however, remains to be seen...
Operación Serenidad
One of the main issues that the president has stated from the Puerto Rican society is that culturally, it's not yet prepared to embrace a modern industrial lifestyle. To fix this, he has proposed a bill that has come to be known by the press as Operación Serenidad, with the intent of passing an education reform where the government will enshrine industrial values and respect for other market-oriented nations.
Labour Friendly Laws
The labour movement in Puerto Rico is small, but not negligible. The Liberal party has long since tried to reach agreements with them but so far, they had chosen to toe the line to the Americans in exchange for investments. Now, however, with us in power, we can offer them new agreements and mediate some labour disputes in their favour to further solidify our position as Puerto Rico's most popular party.
Nationalist Reform Programme
While the Nationalists have managed to be elected, they have done so with a minority of the votes, forcing it to ally with the Union Party. This means that, while the Nationalists have brought an extremely ambitious reform programme to the table, it's likely that it'll come out on the other side in a very different version that what they had originally intended to pass...
Share the Wealth
The Union Party has been built to closely resemble its namesake in the United States, and as such, has picked up on the Share the Wealth Programme and its intricacies. Now, the President has proposed a bill in the Puerto Rican Congress so that the dream of a Puerto Rican Share the Wealth Programme actually becomes a reality. Whether this plan will be a success or utter failure, remains to be seen...
Anti-American Sentiment
Despite the Americans fully abandoning the island legally speaking by now, there is no denying that many within our people are more than resentful to them. We can channel that resentment to push forward legislation that'd be otherwise considered controversial, and hopefully be able to expropriate American landowners in favour of Puerto Rican ones without having too much political backlash.
Solidify Belief in Democracy
Puerto Rico had started to lose faith in democracy when the 1932 legislative election yielded the victory of Pro-American parties, with significant groups of the Puerto Rican electorate outright refusing to vote from there on. With our independence, this apathy to our system of governance should not be allowed, and we should start a nationwide propaganda campaign to spread the benefits of democracy to the people.
Shining Jewel of the Caribbean
As our government's reforms are completed and we march forward, there's a sense of national unity and progress that had left the island since the Spanish-American War. For the first time, Puerto Ricans can now participate openly in politics, and choose their own destiny, and that is slowly turning our small island into a shining beacon of peace and stability for our neighbours to see.
The Puerto Rican Fair Deal
Having seen first hand the policies the Republicans have proposed in America, the Liberal leadership has had plans of passing a similar programme in the island. Now, with their election into power, it's time for this idea to leave the drawing board and finally reach congress, and later, the Puerto Rican people.
Puerto Rican Autarky
The Union Party has proposed a slightly less aggressive plan of autarky than the Nationalists. While sugar exporters rejoice, there's no denying that tough times are coming until we can fully industrialise the island, but Jose Coll y Cuchi has stated that this will be a small sacrifice today for the rewards we will get tomorrow.
Direct Economic Control
The PNPR has argued that our government should take full control of economic exports in our nation, and with the support of the Union party, it seems likely that they'll get their way. While cash crop producers bemoan the bill introduced by Albizu, others point out, perhaps rightly, that this can possibly change the island for the better.
Land Reform
With long-time dominance by Spanish and American colonialism, the land of Puerto Rico has been generally dominated by the sugar industry. In order to fix this, we must begin to redistribute the land from big sugar to the people of Puerto Rico. We will no longer be simply, as the Americans have described us, \
Operación Manos a La Obra
The island's greatest woe is its lack of industrialisation, which has left a great part of our population unemployed. However, there's still hope for us. The president has come into congress with an extremely ambitious plan, dubbed by the press as Operation Manos a la Obra. In it, he intends to push our economy to the limit in order to reach a new standard of industrialisation.
Puerto Rican Delegation Arrives at Ottawa
With our seizure of Puerto Rico from the Americans, a Puerto Rican delegation was hastily assembled on the island from former members of the island's legislature. Led by Liberal Antonio Rafael Barceló, one of the biggest proponents of Puerto Rican independence outside of the Nationalists, the Delegation has proposed our government to be given independence in exchange for loyalty to the Entente. While discussions with the delegation dragged on, it became evident that the islanders will accept nothing more than independence, as annexation into another nation without government representation, as it happened with the US, would be unacceptable for the locals. Furthermore, mentioning to the delegation that they could become a part of the West Indies Federation caused outrage, as they quoted the Moyne Report as a proof that the West Indies wouldn't be able to properly handle Puerto Rico. With the talks having been finished for the day, the question remains: What to do with the island? Occupying it or giving it to the West Indies Federation will clearly anger the locals, but granting it independence outright may weaken our position in the Caribbean in the case they decide they no longer want to help us...
Give the island to the Federation.
Maintain the occupation of the island.
Give the delegates their independence.
Give the delegates their independence. (Play as Puerto Rico)
The Governorship Ends
With our agreements with the Americans finalised, the Puerto Rican provisional government has finally crafted the Independence Declaration from the United States of America. With wide press coverage, delegates of the UPR came out from La Fortaleza and read the Declaration to the crowd outside. While the island had already enjoyed de-facto self rule for a few weeks now, with the ratification of the Declaration by Governor Winship the next day, Puerto Rico is now officially independent.
We will make our founding fathers proud.
The 'Grito de San Juan'
With our forces having failed to contain the Nationalists, their leader Pedro Albizu Campos has marched over San Juan with thousands of his supporters, both armed and unarmed. While the police and the local garrison tried to contain them, it was clear that they couldn't stop them from reaching La Fortaleza and fell back to the port, where our navy is trying its best to evacuate the stragglers. Meanwhile, Albizu has declared on Radio from La Fortaleza that Puerto Rico is now and independent nation, and that it's every citizens' duty to defend his homeland at a time of need against foreign aggression. Our government, in return for these declarations, has issued an ultimatum to the pretender Government to reintegrate within a week or suffer the consequences. However, given the circumstances and the character of the nationalists, it's highly unlikely the ultimatum would even be considered...
Libertad o Muerte! (Play as Puerto Rico)
Damn nationalists...
Deadline of the Ultimatum Reached
With the Puerto Rican government having failed to comply to our demands, it is time for us to decide: Should we attack the island? While some groups within Puerto Rico have sent messages to our government stating the willingness of the Puerto Rican people as to not pose a threat to us as a nation, and despite having little cultural, linguistic or ethnic ties to us, their seizure of the island is still a clear violation of our sovereignty.
Some nationalist militias don't scare us.
Maybe it's better we let them go.
Nationalists Murder Puerto Rico's Police Chief
This morning we received chilling reports from Puerto Rico. Apparently, two Puerto Rican Nationalists, Hiram Rosado and Elias Beauchamp assassinated the Chief of Police of the island, Col. Francis E. Riggs. Considered by the locals as an act of 'Revolutionary Justice', as Riggs was blamed for the Río Piedras massacre, it was then followed up by the extra-judicial murder of both nationalists at the hands of the local police acting without orders. Not enough for the nationalists to have managed to assassinate a high ranking official in the island and having gained two martyrs, Nationalist leader presented himself in the funeral of the 'victims', providing a stirring speech for the crowd: '...We have already brought to you the precious ashes of other heroes. Nationalism has brought the island its transmutation, for Man was not born to vegetate nor grow fat and strong, but to stand firm upon the supreme principles worthy of his immortality. There is only one gateway to immortality: The gateway of Valour, which leads to sacrifice for a sacred cause. We must all sacrifice ourselves for the independence of our country!...'. With this, the future of the island becomes more uncertain with each passing day, as more and more people join the Nationalist ranks...
It seems a revolt is inevitable.
Nationalists Attack a Police Armoury
A small nationalist contingent of around 50 men, inspired by the sacrifice of Hiram Rosado and Elias Beauchamp, have stormed a police station armed with little more than a few smuggled weapons, knives and their fists. They managed to successfully seize it and escape to the El Yunque Forest before reinforcements could arrive to stop them. As an investigation on the case was ongoing, it was clear that the plan had been carefully orchestrated with insider's support, and an investigation of the police stations and garrisons has shown us that the Nationalists may have a bigger sway than we originally thought, as some police officers have willingly given access to the rebels to weaponry in some instances. While, for all intents and purposes, our loss in equipment isn't big, it's still a significant step for the Nationalists as now they have the means to carry out even more daring attacks.
This just keeps getting better and better...
Puerto Rican Militias are Attacking Patrols
With the seizure of arms in the recent months, it was clear that the Nationalists were aiming to mount an insurgency. Today, we have received our first reports of skirmishes occurring in different parts of the island. While San Juan is safe for the time being, it is not uncommon to see armed militias roaming the surrounding area to El Yunque, Carite, Susua Susua and De Maricao Forests. While these insurgents have yet to take any direct action towards the main cities, it is clear that they are planning to eventually began attacking them. Should we send reinforcements to the island?
Send reinforcements.
The local garrison should be able to handle them.
Imprison the Nationalist Leader?
As the Nationalists Guerrillas continue fighting on in the countryside, their leader, Pedro Albizu Campos, continues living comfortably at the corner of the Sol and Cruz streets, in the Old section of San Juan. With the situation escalating, a permanent guard was set up around his home and personal life: A police car is stationed at the front at all times, photographs of any person entering or exiting the complex are taken; whenever Albizu exits his home, the Central Radio of the Police Force is informed and it relays the information to all the Police force around the island; whenever he or his family goes out for a walk, they are followed by a police officer and all correspondence to the house have been intercepted. Despite all this, little evidence has been found to link him to the insurgents, although he has been seen providing stirring speeches to crowds in different parts of the nation, asking people merely to 'fight for independence', which later inspires people to join the militias. While this evidence is rather shaky, it should be enough to put Albizu behind bars temporarily. The problem is that the Nationalists are not bound to let that happen without a fight, as Albizu is seen widely as a National Hero, but letting him free is clearly only escalating the situation further...
We can't take chances.
He is innocent until proven guilty.
March on Ponce
As Albizu remains imprisoned in San Juan, a huge crowd has gathered in Ponce asking for his liberation. Organised by staunch followers of Albizu, the march is stirring up both nationalists and moderates who see the injustice in the imprisonment of Albizu, and soon the Island seems thrown into a revolution. Their demands, this time, are clear: The release of Albizu from prison. While we could grant their request, it could give the nationalist the proof they need of the weakness of our grip on the island. Alternatively, it has been suggested by the local police that we lure the nationalists into attacking us in Ponce to scatter the protest. This would require us to increase security measures in the area, and to fire a warning shot at the crowd, prompting the nationalists to fire back, making them the instigators of the incident. However, this move would clearly cause a battle to ensue right after, and with civilians caught in the crossfire, it's clear that no matter the outcome, the locals will consider this a massacre.
Free Albizu.
Put the march down.
Puerto Rican Nationalists Surrender
After months of seemingly unsuccessful guerrilla warfare, short on supplies and just as popular sentiment towards independence is dying down, Nationalist insurgents have begun coming out of the forests and surrendering to our garrison. It seems that finally, our grip on the island is starting to secure.
Finally, some good news.
Puerto Rico Declares Independence
Their ranks swollen with recruits, Puerto Rican nationalist rebels wrested control of island's capital, San Juan, and key military installations in one fell swoop. Foreign forces evacuated the island in the face of this coordinated assault, and while sporadic police resistance continues, the island has come definitively under nationalist control.\n\nPedro Albizu Campos has been appointed president of the self-proclaimed Republic of Puerto Rico and a new legislature has been assembled from within his party. While so far the nationalists have been occupied with consolidating their rule, their political agenda is clear. They continue to seek the \
With the advent of the Second American Civil War, not only was the American mainland thrown into a chaos, but the nation's numerous oversea possessions were also. Today, the small Caribbean island of Puerto Rico, won in the Spanish-American War, officially slipped from Uncle Sam's grasp as the new nation signed the Puerto Rican Declaration of Independence, directed against the United States.\nTo many, this turn of events was inevitable. Nationalists had already forced Blanton C. Winship, the appointed locally unpopular Governor, to resign in favour of a broad coalition of leading nationalist figures and parties, the Union of Puerto Rico. Now that the coalition's goal has been achieved, however, it seems that its members have gone their own way and called for new elections to decide who will lead the world's youngest country.
Freedom!
We should keep an eye on the island.
The Eagle falls further.
Governor Winship Given Exceptional Powers!
With the outbreak of Civil War in America, it seems that the Federal Government has seen necessary to grant Blanton Winship, the American Governor of the island, exceptional powers to handle the situation. Many Puerto Rican Nationalists have long fought Winship, who is largely seen as a violent despot by the locals, and this sudden change in conditions may aid Winship in dealing a killing blow to Puerto Rican independence, for better or worse.
This is better than the continent at least.
Union of Puerto Rico Reformed
With Winship now having more power than ever, Puerto Rican independentist groups including the Nationalists, the Liberals and the Union Party have all coalesced together again into the 'Union of Puerto Rico', a seemingly defunct coalition that perished in the past decade due to infighting and the efforts of American Governor Emmet Montgomery Reily to disarm the Coalition into cooperation. Now, with the parties united politically, Winship is unable to take action against the independentists without forcing a gridlock at the legislature, and while he could bypass them executively as Governor, it is clear that tensions are rising on the island. If the American Governorship intends to survive, they'll have to find a way to negotiate with the Coalition...
They aren't making things easier, are they?
San Juan Convention Called
With growing tension on the island as demonstrations and protests have become commonplace in the countryside and the small cities of the periphery, Governor Winship has decided to call the leaders of the Union of Puerto Rico to La Fortaleza to discuss terms of reforms. While political reformation of Puerto Rico had been in the cards for the past decade, no Governor so far since the passing of the Jones Act had seriously proposed a restructuring of Puerto Rico's political status. While this move has certainly impressed many, a lot of sceptics remain, specially amongst voters of the Nationalist and Liberal Party, which see this as nothing more than an opportunist way for the Governor to appear like he's listening to the popular will. Nevertheless, the Puerto Rican Delegation spearheaded by Antonio R. Barcelo, Luis Muñoz Marín, José Coll y Cuchi, Pedro Albizu Campos and Santiago Iglesias Pantin, all of them representing each of the major parties of the coalition, has arrived at La Fortaleza in San Juan, and shall remain there for the duration of the Negotiations.
Let the Puerto Rican popular voice be heard!
Puerto Rican Economic Relief Programme
The first subject brought up in the convention is that of the economic situation on the island. As it's apparent for both sides, the island's situation is unsustainable, as our population greatly exceeds the amount of work the island currently provides. This has sparked a rather rampant issue of unemployment, and the collapse of the sugar market due to the Great Depression, Black Monday and the American Civil War have certainly not helped the situation at all. Provided that, the UPR has deemed it a necessity for the United States to stop neglecting the island and to send it some much needed economical relief, varying from simple industrial investments to more comprehensive plans like infrastructural reformation, social security measures and so on. However, considering the civil war at home, it's not precisely clear if the Governor can really deliver on these promises...
We truly can't promise this.
The union WILL provide!
Puerto Rican Citizenship
The Puerto Rican delegates have spoken strongly against the current treatment of the Jones Law, claiming that the United States is clearly shirking from its responsibilities. This means that, while Puerto Rican citizens are considered de-facto American citizens, they have been placed into segregated services in the mainland along with African-Americans, and they have been segregated from the executive and judicial branches almost entirely even in their own island! The UPR has demanded the Governor to give the Puerto Rican citizens guarantees that their rights won't be ignored again, and that they shall be given the same amount of rights to elect their representatives and be represented in the national congress as any other state would. As parts of the negotiations are leaked to the press, it's evident that the island is divided on the subject. A significant group of the population seems to hope that the Union will listen to their demands, while many others point out that the Union failed to keep their word for decades and they will fail again to keep their word now. While the Governor has requested some time to contact the Federal Government regarding the situation on the island, it's clear that their demands require some form of an official response...
They will have to conform.
They shall have their promised rights
Statehood Promises
A topic that has fired up the population after some of talking points of the convention reached the press was the one of Statehood for Puerto Rico. The Governor is already investigating some of the UPR members for sabotage and extortion, as the details of the talks weren't meant to be disclosed and it's clear that someone in the meetings is purposefully leaking the information. Coincidentally, the news' outlets that most talk about the subject are Nationalist news outlet, which despite apparently having no connection or even contact with the PNPR delegation in the convention, are still causing the governorship and the talks severe trouble. As protestors gather outside of La Fortaleza, the convention reaches the last point of the talks, and that's the one of Statehood for the island. While Puerto Ricans can be aided economically and the Jones Law can be amended on a Nation-Wide level for the United States, it's been made clear by the UPR that Puerto Rico getting its statehood status is the only way to guarantee both the long term economic support the island needs as well as the rights of representation in the United States Congress and Senate, as well as the right for a Puerto Rican to run for President of the Union. However, this demand is a tall order as the Governor can't really demand the US Congress to grant citizenship to the island, and a proposal to grant the island statehood was already rejected several times. Nevertheless, the UPR has claimed that without statehood, nearly all the former demands will remain as pure talk with little guarantees. With no time to ask the Federal Government, the Governor will have to pick his words carefully, lest he angers the crowd outside...
'The Union shall grant you your statehood.'
'They shall become an associated state.'
A Deal Has Been Reached!
Today, after several days of tension, the Union of Puerto Rico and governor Winship have reached a satisfactory compromise, and have agreed to make Puerto Rico Return to American Jurisdiction. While this news has calmed tensions in some areas of the nation, it has sparked tensions in other areas as the Nationalist leader, Pedro Albizu Campos, has walked out of the meetings and denounced the Union of Puerto Rico as nothing more than a group of American lapdogs. While protests in Ponce and the countryside are starting to disrupt normal activities, San Juan remains largely stable and our experts expect that soon this stability will eventually reach all the island as the results of the compromise are divulged and accepted.
Let's hope things stay this way.
The Union of Puerto Rico Takes Over the Government!
Having failed to reach an agreement, and seeing himself vastly surpassed by the Puerto Rican support for independence, Governor Winship saw no other choice but to deliver the power to the Assembly representatives gathered in La Fortaleza. While Winship and the Union of Puerto Rico will continue talks in San Juan, the objective now is no longer integration back into the United States, but towards ensuring a peaceful and organised thaw towards independence. For their part, the leaders of the Union of Puerto Rico addressed a cheering crowd at the outskirts of La Fortaleza, giving grand promises of self-Determination for the island and a relief to the economic crisis that the island has been suffering since the start of the Great Depression.
Time will tell if they can deliver...
Nationalist Riots in the Countryside
With Albizu having denounced the government, Nationalist groups around the nation are now denouncing our government in the streets of towns like Ponce, shouting slogans like 'Out with the Imperialists' and destroying American symbols. While the police has largely contained violence and so far there are no wounded, it would be naïve to say that such a move isn't emboldening the Nationalists.
They never give up, do they?
Economic Stance Towards Puerto Rico
Since our 'Acquisition' of the island, American ship companies have held a de-facto monopoly on trade flowing both inwards and outwards from the Caribbean island. Now that they have chosen to break away from the Federal government, the islander government has requested for us to reach to an agreement. Since the Federal Government largely paid for this trade with our own money, they have requested that we continue to pay for the shipments inwards and outwards of the island, in exchange for 'preferential' prices for any products in Puerto Rico that we wish to import. While our gains in this situation barely exceed the ones we had while the island was a part of the Union, we should consider their proposal carefully.
We shall keep our trade ties.
They made their choice, cut them loose!
The Americans Respect Our Trade Ties
Despite our intention of breaking off permanently from the Union, the United States Government has signed a deal with us that guarantees that they'll continue paying for the shipments to and from Puerto Rico for the foreseeable future. In exchange, we will have to export products to them at a reduced price compared to the international market, but that's a small price to pay for staying connected to the world's trade...
Wonderful!
Americans Cut Trade Ties!
Despite our pleas for a compromise, the American government has refused to reach any agreement and has cut us loose. This will mean that, from now on, Puerto Rico will need to handle its own trade, and while nationalists rejoice at yet another part of American control on the island receding, this means that in the short run, we'll have to sink a significant amount of assets into creating a new trade fleet!
That doesn't sound good for the economy...
Status of Puerto Ricans and the American Citizenship Act
With the Governor having managed to stabilise the situation in the island, we are now faced with having to meet the promises he made before the Puerto Rican delegation. One of the things he promised, besides economic aid, was the passing of laws that'd fully guarantee that Puerto Ricans are full American citizens by all measurements. While the Jones Act of 1917 was supposed to do this, Puerto Ricans were still drafted into segregated units, and many Puerto Ricans that immigrated to the Union were treated as if they were African-Americans, with the most well known story of the island being the Nationalist leader Albizu being assigned confused for an African-American and discriminated in one of his trips to the South. With that in mind, the Governor has proposed us a series of bills that could help solidify the Puerto Ricans as full citizens while ensuring that discrimination against them is as illegal as against any of the current Union Citizens. However, protests have already been raised by more conservative members of the cabinet, who have stated that such a measure won't be well received by a significant part of the American public. On the other hand, we cannot refuse the promises the Governor made without suffering from a severe backlash in the island...
Grant them full rights.
Simply keep the Jones Act.
Americans Grant Puerto Ricans Full Citizenship
The Governor's Promises have seemingly held true, as the Union has passed a bill that guarantees Puerto Ricans as full American citizens, and attempts at belittling or undermining their citizenship are now considered illegal and punishable by the law. With that, one of the major arguments for independence has taken a major hit.
Let's hope things stabilise now.
Americans Refuse to Grant Puerto Ricans Full Citizenship
The American Government as fallen short of the Governor's Promises and has refused to pass any further laws to expand on the Jones Law. With it, Nationalists are protesting that the Americans are once more going to put Puerto Ricans into segregated regiments and that they'll possibly be treated as second class citizens, similar to African-Americans. As news of this hits the press, we don't expect the public to receive the news positively...
We did what we could...
Puerto Rico has Formally Rejoined the Union
After weeks of negotiations, the Governor of Puerto Rico has formally announced that the island of Puerto Rico is fully rejoining the Federal Government and providing us with all they have. However, the question of statehood for them will have to come up eventually down the line, once our government is standing on more solid ground.
We are grateful for their loyalty nonetheless.
Union of Puerto Rico Has Taken Over the Government!
Despite having reached an arrangement, the continuous loss of support from the Governorship has reached a tipping point. After several days of massive protests in San Juan, no doubt supported by all the coalition, they have finally decided to march into the Fortaleza and demand Governor Winship's Resignation. Having no other choice, the Governor has stood down, although he has agreed to remain in the island for the time being to act as a liaison with the remains of the Federal Government to negotiate for the rights of Americans in the Island
The shackles of imperialism, casted away at last...
Status of American Citizens in Puerto Rico
With our move towards independence, many American politicians and diplomats have stated their concern for the status of Americans on the island. As evidenced by the recent violence involving the Nationalists, there are justified fears that independence may embolden nationalists to attack American residents in the island. As such, some delegates in the UPR have suggested signing a treaty with the United States guaranteeing the safety of their citizens as well as the possibility of them entering and leaving the island without the need of immigration checks. This would, obviously, help calm tensions between our nations, but could potentially alienate the UPR from the Nationalists.
Let's sign a treaty anyway.
We can't make any promises.
Puerto Rico Signs an Agreement to Protect Americans
A Puerto Rican delegation has arrived to our capital today with a proposal to protect our citizens in their territory from attack of both internal and external threats in the island. With the island moving ever closer to independence, many diplomats had stated their concerns over the safety of Americans residents in the island, but with this treaty, it's guaranteed that the American population in the island will be safe, and as such we have no reason to turn them down.
We are grateful.
Puerto Rico Refuses to Guarantee Our Citizens' Safety
With the now Ex-Governor of Puerto Rico acting as our eyes and ears in the Puerto Rican thaw towards independence, he has reported that the UPR has just rejected to sign any agreements to guarantee the safety of our citizens in the island. While diplomats and experts on the area have stated publicly that, with tensions in the area rising, American residents may be target of attacks by the nationalists, so far we had nothing to go on that speculation. While this may be nothing serious, with the UPR outright refusing to provide any legal guarantees for our citizens, it begs the question whether they're not tacitly agreeing with the radically anti-American agenda the Nationalists have.
We will have to keep an eye on them...
Puerto Rican Constitutional Convention
After weeks of anticipation, the UPR has finally opened the doors of La Fortaleza to all major parties and members to begin the Constitutional Convention. There, they intend to draft a new Constitution for the island, one that will guarantee the rights of all Puerto Ricans and hopefully prevent decades of political exclusion again. For the purpose of organisation, the UPR has divided the delegations into 10 committees, 7 that deal with the constitution itself, and 3 that deal with the convention's internal operations. The Seven Constitutional Committees, as split by the UPR, are:\n\n- The Committee on the Preamble, Ordinances, and Amendment Procedures.\n- The Committee on the Bill of Rights.\n- The Committee on the Legislative Branch.\n- Committee on the Executive Branch.\n- Committee on the Judicial Branch.\n- Committee on the Transitional Provisions of the General Affairs\n- Committee on the Editorial, Style, and Enrolment.\n\nAs people rally in the streets anxious to see its progress, the Convention starts with a seemingly hopeful outlook, as many see this as the first 'step in the right direction' the island has taken in many years.
I Want to Know More About the Constitution!
Let's just get this over with...
Puerto Rican Constitutional Preamble and the First Article
As agreed by all parties, the Preamble will read: 'We, the people of Puerto Rico, in order to organise ourselves politically on a fully democratic basis, to promote the general welfare, and to secure for ourselves and our posterity the complete enjoyment of human rights, placing our trust in Almighty God, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the Republic which, in the exercise of our natural rights, we now create in our newly-found independence. In so doing, we declare: The democratic system is fundamental to the life of the Puerto Rican community; We understand that the democratic system of government is one in which the will of the people is the source of public power, the political order is subordinate to the rights of man, and the free participation of the citizen in collective decisions is assured.'.\n\nWhile detractors have pointed out that the preamble may be a bit too similar to the United States, others have pointed out that such a preamble explaining the rationale of the Constitution may be helpful as a reference in future amendments. Alongside the preamble, the first article has also been defined. Copying aspects of other South American nations, the Article reads 'The Puerto Rican Nation adopts for its government a Representative and Republican structure, whose power shall be emanate from the Puerto Rican people.'. The Following sections of the article also establish the three branches of power for Puerto Rico; the Legislative Branch, which will replace the old Legislature of the 'American era' in favour of a Senate; The Executive Branch, made up of a 51-member House of Representatives elected by the people, both of which shall be housed in the old Legislative Assembly; and a Judicial Branch, made up of a Supreme Court that will oversee all judicial procedures on the island. The final section of the article states that the Capital of the island is, naturally, San Juan given its size and location. As the Commissions continue deliberating on the rest, it seems the convention is off to a good start.
Wonderful!
Puerto Rican Bill of Rights
The Bill of Rights, or Carta de Derechos for Puerto Ricans, had long since just been the American Bill of Rights due to the Jones Law. However, with the recent breakup from Puerto Rico and America, a new draft of a Bill of Rights based on their American counterpart has been drafted to replace the old one. Split into 19 sections, the Bill guarantees most known civil freedoms, like freedom of assembly, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom from unreasonable search and seizure, freedom of private ownership, and freedom from warrants issued without probable cause. In a somewhat controversial move for some Nationalist groups, the Bill also states that there's to be a strict separation between the Church and the State, which clashes with the stance of Nationalist factions who claim Puerto Rico should embrace Catholicism as a state religion as its the majority religion. However, other delegates were unfazed by the protests, and so the Bill has passed by majority voting, and it'll come into effect once the Constitution is drafted fully.
Onwards to the next section.
Legislative, Executive and Judicial Articles
Covered by Articles 3, 4 and 5, this section of the constitution starts off clarifying that Puerto Rico will have a territorial legislature that's bicameral in nature, having a Senate (known as the 'Upper House') and a Congress, similar to the American House of Representatives (known as the 'Lower House'). It also settles the senatorial and representative districts for the elections. Finally, it adds provisions for how census are meant to be carried out as well and restrictions for parties with majorities to prevent them from unilaterally passing Constitutional Amendments.\n\nFollowed by Article 4, the Constitution now establishes that Puerto Rico is a Presidential Republic, clarifying the length of Presidential terms, the requirements to hold the post, and establishes the President as the Supreme Leader of Puerto Rico's armed forces. Likewise, it also establishes the creation of 8 Executive Departments that will delegate the executive work to specialists in different areas.\n\nFinally for this section of the Constitution, Article 5 establishes that 'The judicial power of Puerto Rico shall be vested in a Supreme Court, and in such other courts as may be established by law.'. The Supreme Court will coordinate the rest of the Courts in the nation, but it will be considered a court of last resort. The Supreme Court itself shall be made up of a Chief of Justice, and four Associate Judges which shall be appointed by the Puerto Rican President with advise and consent from the Senate. With that section completed, the Constitution is now nearly complete, and while negotiations are progressing smoothly, some media outlets have picked up that the provisions to reduce executive power in case of dominant parties may have been done by opposition parties to the Liberals to restrict their power in case they are elected. This has clearly sparked up some tensions as the Liberals are shown to be the favourites for the upcoming elections, and this could be taken as a tacit agreement of said supremacy.
I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
Finishing Touches of the Constitution
As the Constitutional Convention draws to a close, the final details of the Constitution have been made public. Article Six, titled General Provisions, establishes that the Legislative Assembly (that is, both Congress and the Senate), have the power to change territorial limits (including creating, abolishing or consolidating existing municipalities), change the organisational structure of said municipalities. It also establishes that the Puerto Rican government is fully authorised to impose and collect taxes from any entity within its borders, but that it has a duty to use this money for the welfare of the Puerto Rican people.\n\nFinally, Article Seven details the rules to amend the Constitution in case it is needed in the following years, stating that an amendment must pass by a two thirds majority on both members of the Legislative Assembly, and that amendments that fail to pass this way can still go to a popular referendum.\n\nWith the publishing of the Constitution fully and publicly, now Article 7 will be invoked provisionally by the UPR in order to call for a Referendum for the Constitution to be approved by the people. While purely a formality at this stage, the move is being done to strengthen the idea that the government will take very seriously its commitment to the democratic preamble of its constitution.
Onwards to the referendum!
Referendum on the Constitution Successful!
When the Referendum started, there was little doubt that the constitution would be approved with flying colours by the people, and today's results show that such prediction was correct. Having near unanimous support, the approval of the new Constitution marks a new age for the Island nation. However, while this would sound like good news for the government, the approval of the constitution means that the Union of Puerto Rico no longer serves any purpose, and parties are beginning to campaign for the coming elections. While the leaders of the UPR have not given yet an exact date, as there are many preparations to carry out, they have agreed that the UPR should be dissolved fully after the election is carried out, and that the new government should step in without prejudice or preference from the UPR members. While this is generally good news for parties like the PNPR, which have been kept at arms' length by the coalition, it's also bad news for smaller parties like the Socialists or the Union Party, which are by and large eclipsed by the Liberals. Nevertheless, the island looks forward to the coming elections with a solid legal grounding to stand on.
Onwards to the elections!
The Liberal Debacle
With the election campaigns starting, the unthinkable has happened to the Liberal Party: Antonio Rafael Barceló has announced his retirement. With the party having become one of the main power brokers of Puerto Rican independence, the loss of one of their major figures comes as a heavy blow to the entire party. Nevertheless, a list of candidates has been drafted: Luis Muñoz Marín, Ernesto Ramos Antonini and Barceló's daughter, Josefina Barceló Bird de Romero. Marín and Antonini, despite their friendship, have both come out competing for the role of candidate, and they hold the majority of the votes within the party. Due to that, Antonio has instructed Josefina that instead of weakening the party by splitting the vote, she throws her lot with one of the two candidates. As for the choice that Josefina makes, it remains to be seen...
Antonini shall be the Liberal Candidate
Marín will become the front-runner of the Liberal Party.
The Union Party
Following the recent success of Huey Long in America, the original founder of the Nationalist Party of Puerto Rico, Jose Coll y Cuchi had long since been trying to distance himself from the Nationalist Party he himself had created. As the PNPR grew more and more rabidly uncompromising, Anti-American and Anti-Democratic, Jose's pragmatic ideas began to feel outclassed by Albizu's populism. Forming a splinter association with associates from his time as head of the Party, he founded the Unión Party late in 1935, emulating in many ways their American counterpart. Nevertheless, Jose has campaigned heavily this year arguing for a similar programme to Share the Wealth, and has been seen trying to secure deals with the remaining American landowners to prevent them from closing down their businesses and leaving for America once more. As the Anti-Democratic stance of the PNPR has come into question, many former Nationalists are now flocking to the new party, and time will tell if this momentum will continue.
Interesting.
The Nationalist Debacle
With the fall of the American Regime in a peaceful manner, the PNPR has suffered a radical decline in membership, as well as a radical change of its internal politics. While Albizu is still the undisputed leader of the movement, the pro-Democratic groups within the Party that had gone dormant as the Party took a more combative stance after 1932 are springing once more back up into relevancy. As the party now struggles to hold itself together in a presentable state for the elections, Albizu has called for unity within the party and has actively endorsed the pro-Democratic groups as he claims that the 'Enemy is now gone, and factionalism will not help keep it away'. While still a major popular movement, there's no denying that the American influence waning and the Democratic parties taking action has reduced the Nationalist influence significantly.
It seems the radicals will have to bend to the new status quo.
The Puerto Rican Elections
After years of political isolation, the Puerto Rican people have been finally allowed for votes for their representatives. Turnout to the voting booths has been the highest recorded on the island so far, and as the results come in, the people await eagerly to know the outcome...
The PS wins the election!
The Liberals take the victory!
The Union Party takes the victory!
The Nationalists are victorious!
The War on the Caribbean
Despite our expectations of a quick and swift victory in the Caribbean against the Puerto Rican Forces, we've have been unable to deal a decisive blow to the island nation, and now many in the cabinet are questioning if the island is really worth the trouble. A proposal has been made to re-approach the Nationalists to sign a peace deal, and the decision is being discussed by our government.
We will march on San Juan!
Let's negotiate a peace already.
The Peace Proposal of Puerto Rico
Having failed to invade our island, the Anglo government has approached us in order to sign a peace treaty, stating that they're willing to leave our island alone if that brings an end to hostilities. How should we respond?
Let's put an end to violence.
We shall teach them a lesson!
The Puerto Ricans Accept the Terms
The San Juan Government has accepted to sign the peace treaty. Hostilities will end as soon as we sign it ourselves.
Peace at last.
The Puerto Ricans Refuse Our Peace Treaty
In an almost unthinkable turn of events, the San Juan government has completely refused the terms of our treaty, and has stated that they wish to see the conflict through to the end. We will have no choice but to continue the war.
What in the heavens...
Puerto Rico Proposes Treaty of Friendship
The now independent island of Puerto Rico has approached our government with a proposal. As Spain has recognised the independence of all its former American colonial holdings except for Puerto Rico, they wanted to formalise a treaty of Friendship and reconciliation. In it, we would recognise the independence of Puerto Rico and their status as an equal nation on the international stage and start trade between our two nations. However, considering the islands were snatched from us in the Treaty of Paris, we could reject their request and restake our claim to an island that legally never stopped being Spanish...
Sign the treaty.
Refuse.
The Spanish Have Signed the Treaty
Having seen reason in the new proposed treaty, the Spanish have decided to sign it, forever guaranteeing that Spain now sees Puerto Rico as an equal member of the international community. This will allow us to further look back at our shared heritage with pride!
Wonderful.
The Spanish Refuse to Sign the Treaty
Against all odds, the Spanish have refused to sign the treaty, stating that the Paris Treaty was an insult to Spain, and that since we reject it, legally we should be part of Spain yet. Coming short of demanding our annexation, this means that the Spaniards are laying legal claims on our island once more, and while they may not come after us immediately, they may one day decide it's time to strike...
That can't be legal, can it?
Fate of the Democratic Parties of Puerto Rico
With our regime slowly solidifying, Albizu has finally turned its attention towards the other parties of the island. While the PNPR was never strictly against democracy, it had largely abandoned any pretense of reaching a democratic solution after the 1932 election. With that in mind, the fate of the Puerto Rican parties hangs in the balance, as some party factions are now strongly advocating for a one party state that can ensure the protection of the island. Other groups argue that only collaborator parties, like the Socialists or the Republicans should be banned as they explicitly backed the American occupation, or that the parties shouldn't be banned as a whole, albeit such a move could debatably create a larger opposition to our rule. As always, the decision has been left to President Albizu to decide on the future of the island.
We shall spare them all.
Forgive the Independentists, ban the collaborators.
Puerto Rico shall be united under one banner!
General Esteves Defects to America!
The founder of Puerto Rico's National Guard, General Esteves, has decided that Albizu's government was illegitimate and has fled the island via plane to the United States. Seeing this as a betrayal from the local peacekeeping force, Albizu has disbanded the National Guard and has instead made the Cadets of the Republic the de-facto Defence force of the island. With Albizu acting as the Commander in Chief of the Cadets, it's expected that he'll take on a first-hand approach to national defence from now on...
Down with all the traitors!
Major General Esteves Rejoins our Ranks
Major General Luis R. Esteves, the founder of the Puerto Rican National Guard and a West Point graduate, has escaped from Puerto Rico after the Nationalists took over government functions. Requesting to be formally readded to the American Army, it's now become apparent that the new regime in Puerto Rico is not just antagonising the American people, but also polarising even their own inhabitants.
Further proof of the nationalists' radicalism.
The New Puerto Rican Government
With the Nationalist militias guarding La Fortaleza, Albizu has convened with his party in the now Presidential House to discuss what the new cabinet will be, considering a Puerto Rican Republic has never really existed. For now, the party has largely chosen to simply copy the Venezuelan ministry system, as Albizu was delighted at its performance back when he visited the nation in the late twenties. However, a harsh discussion quickly ensued between the more moderate leaders in the party, like the Commander of the Cadets of the Republic, Raimundo Díaz Pacheco and the 'newer' party members like Clemente Soto Vélez, Blanca Canales and Isabel Rosado. It's clear that there are deep divides between the new guard and the old guard, as the new guard seems to be looking up more to French Syndicalist ideas of Republicanism as opposed to the original ideas of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Movement, which aimed more to copy the example of other South American nations. As the ministers are being handpicked by Albizu, he'll have to inevitably support one side or the other...
Albizu backs the old guard!
Albizu backs the radicals!
Fate of the Americans in Puerto Rico
Despite the PNPR having essentially declared war on the United States as far back as December 1935, with the party now consolidated in power, it is only now that we are fully in control that we can properly decide on the fate of the American populace. This has, unfortunately, sparked severe factionalism within the PNPR, with Albizu being caught in the middle of it. The moderate and radical factions in the party now clash over the fate of Americans, with the moderates advocating to leaving them alone, while the radicals argue that deportation is the only way forward. Albizu has proposed himself a compromise to only strike at the rich Americans, who were largely to blame for Puerto Rico's woes, but some argue this is not going far enough even in his own rhetoric. With both factions looking up to their leader for a solution, it falls to Albizu to decide...
Americans have no place in Puerto Rico, deport them all!
Focus only on the rich landlords of the sugar plantations.
The revolution is finished, they're no longer threats.
Nationalist Economic Reform Programme
With cheering crowds outside of La Fortaleza, Albizu has officially passed his original Economic Reform plan of May 1930, with some slight changes to appease each of the competing factions of the PNPR. The plan itself, considered both smart and controversial at the same time, stated the following reforms for the PR Economy:\n\n- The Workers Shall be Organised so that they can demand of the foreign interests the share of the profits to which they are entitled, taking over their administration immediately and appointing responsible and patriotic men to manage them\n\n- Every Effort shall be made to see that the Burden of Taxation falls upon non-residents, so as to eliminate absentee landlordism and divide real estate among the greatest possible number of land-owners\n\n- Every Possible step shall be taken to reverse the effect of free shipping between the United States and Puerto Rico\n\n- The consumption of Puerto Rican agricultural and industrial products shall be favoured exclusively.\n\n- Exportation and the Creation of a merchant marine shall be encouraged\n\n- Native banks shall be exclusively favoured, and where there are none steps shall be taken to establish them.\n\n- The Island's finances shall be reorganised in such a way, with a responsible native banking system, that national deposits shall be made exclusively in the native banks, and steps shall be taken to free the country of foreign loans, both public and private, so that agriculture, commerce and industry may re-develop in Puerto Rican Hands.\n\nWith such a plan now set in motion, sweeping changes to our nation are expected to occur in the following months...
Add in a clause protecting private property to appease the moderates.
Add in a clause advocating for welfare measures to appease the radicals.
Nationalist Political Reform Programme
The Political Reform Programme of the PNPR has undergone massive modifications in the last five years. Originally, the programme aimed at the suppression of American colonialist practices, and the establishment of a Free Republic, sovereign and independent; but now, with a Republic already established and the Americans hardly being a factor, more radical proposals to overwrite this one have been made. The Moderates argue that a national unity government should be convened, asking for collaboration from the old establishment parties and aiming for a restoration of a Senate and a Congress even if on the long run. On the other hand, the radicals propose us to simply give token concessions to these groups, and instead focus on strengthening an undemocratic yet strong one-party rule, as the other parties were proven by the revolution to be either unreliable or too weak to protect the Puerto Rican sovereignty. While Albizu himself spoke pretty adamantly in favour of democracy in the past, the defeat in the 1932 elections have clearly changed the stance of many members of the PNPR, and it is uncertain whether Albizu himself still wishes for a return to democracy...
The moderates have the right idea.
The radicals know what's best in these trying times.
The Social Reform Programme
A subject that was talked about little back when the PNPR was formed was the social and cultural aspects of a Nationalist Puerto Rico. Their members however, were quick to draft proposals for Albizu to see. Albizu himself, having lead a modest, honest, prophet-like livelihood, has inspired the radicals to draft a proposal that aims at encouraging a more 'communal' type of living, with a strong emphasis on a propaganda campaign rejecting the luxuries and vices of the vile American Capitalism, as well as an education reform to help the future generations both learn these new ideas as well as instilling a strong sense of nationalist pride. The Moderates, on the other hand, have backed a more watered down proposal, which aims to simply begin a large scale re-education campaign with the idea of strengthening nationalist sentiment on the island, emphasising on Albizu's teachings that all must be done for the sake of the country, and that whatever victory or sacrifice must be shared by all the people. As always, it comes down to Albizu to see which plan gets the green light, and whichever plan is passed, it may change the face of the island forever...
The moderate proposal seems best.
The radical proposal seems best.
The Puerto Rican Government Wishes to Establish Diplomatic Ties
In the recent years, a revolt had been brewing in the small island of Puerto Rico, and with the American Civil War acting as a catalyst, it seems the locals have finally become fed up with the Anglo-Saxons occupying their nation. That said, their conflictive creation has made them a largely unrecognised nation, and it's because of that their foreign office has contacted us now. They have offered to set up an embassy and sign a friendship treaty so long as we recognise them as an independent nation in the international stage. How should we respond?
Accept their proposal.
Refuse their proposal.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Accepted to Establish Diplomatic Ties
The [From.GetAdjective] government has accepted to sign a friendship treaty with us, and is now allowing us to establish our embassy in their nation
Wonderful news!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused to Establish Diplomatic Ties
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused to sign a friendship treaty with us. While this isn't so terrible in the grand scheme of things, it's undeniable that these rejections can slowly chip away at out international legitimacy.
That's a shame.
The Puerto Rican Government Requests a Guarantee
A Puerto Rican delegation has arrived at our capital today and has requested that our government offers aid to the island in case of a military invasion. While the island itself has little to promise outside of port access and some sugar exports, the cost of protecting it would also be near negligible. Nevertheless, we need to consider an answer...
We accept.
They are on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Accepted Our Request
The [From.GetAdjective] government has accepted our request for a guarantee of independence, promising to stand by our side in times of war and hardship.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused Our Request
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused to give us a guarantee despite our best efforts to convince them. We are on our own, unfortunately.
The Royal Navy Seizes Puerto Rico
After seizing New England, the Royal Navy set out to the Caribbean to seize the island of Puerto Rico. While the local National Guard wasn't informed of Canada attempting to takeover, they quickly stood down as they realised they had no chance of defending the island against the new occupiers. While many Americans from Puerto Rico are returning to the Mainland to fight the Civil War, others have chosen to stay and pledge their allegiance to us in exchange for keeping their jobs. Nevertheless, our control over the Caribbean is now even stronger.
A job well done.
Canada Seizes Puerto Rico
After seizing Alaska and New England, the Royal Navy set out to the Caribbean to seize the island of Puerto Rico. While the National Guard prepared itself to defend the island, in the end choose to stand down as morale crumbled. It seems that yet another part of America has been stolen by the Canadians.
We won't forget this.
Puerto Rico Breaks off!
As we steadily lose ground in the continent, it seems that the Nationalist Militias have grown bold enough to seize San Juan. With their leader, Pedro Albizu Campos, now occupying La Fortaleza, they have declared independence from our government. While in normal circumstances we would react to their defiance, our current situation is grim and we cannot afford to open up a new front.
We have no choice.
Libertad o Muerte! (Play as Puerto Rico)
The Flag of Puerto Rico
Since Puerto Rico's annexation into the US, the Puerto Rican flag was forbidden to be used by the American authorities. Given its connection to separatism from Spain, the flag was still used in some hidden circles and the nationalists even adopted it for the 1932 election as their banner. With the revolution successful and our regime slowly settling down, it has been brought up that the flag could fly once more as Puerto Rico's banner. However, others have suggested that perhaps a flag designed by separatists in America should not be used, and that instead a local design, like the flag of the Lares Revolt should be used instead. Finally, other party members suggest that the PNPR party flag should become the national flag for good. As always, the final decision rests with President Albizu...
Keep the party banner as our flag.
Use the flag from the Grito de Lares.
Use the separatist flag.
Nationalist Victory in the Elections
With Albizu being elected as acting president, a small crisis has ensued into the party as more radical elements have called for Albizu to execute a full takeover of the island. While a small yet vocal minority, this has caused the now pro-democratic centre of the PNPR to shun its radical counterparts, and forced Albizu to favour the moderates over the radicals. This has led to many of the radical wing to abandon the PNPR. Whether this will water down the PNPR's regime to a more democratic system of reform, it remains to be seen...
Guess they should've seen that coming.
The Beginning of Land Reform
With the election of the Socialist Party, President [PUE.GetLeader] has issued a Land reform via Presidential decree. A Commission has been organised to handle the effort, and we have already started getting protests from sugar companies as well as large landowners on our island. We will have to tread carefully in the coming months, or risk having all foreign funding be pulled out of Puerto Rico, which would be devastating for our already weakened economy.
The end of sugar monopolies draws near.
Santiago Iglesias Pantín Dies
It is with regretful news that we learn that Santiago Iglesias Pantín, leader of the Puerto Rican Socialist Party, has passed away at the age of 67. As a leader of not only the socialist movement in Puerto Rico, but also of the labour movement, his passing along with the passing of Antonio Rafael Barceló, mark the end of the 'Long 19th Century' for Puerto Rico. His body now lies in state in San Juan, and it will be interred at Santa María Magdalena de Pazzis Cemetery, also in the capital. Already, thousands are said to have visited Iglesias' funeral procession, and some of the narrow streets of Old San Juan are gridlocked with Socialist supporters eager to bid their long-time leader farewell.\n\nWhile the procession takes place, the new leader of the Puerto Rican Socialist Party has been chosen: Bolívar Pagán Lucca, Iglesias' son-in-law. Pagán is not the same man that Iglesias was, however; a more moderate and compromising member, generally trending more towards the Liberals than his father-in-law, causing some concerns by the small syndicalist intellectual groups on the island that this shift in leadership may change the outlook of the Socialist party for the worse. While they have issued some protests towards Pagán's appointment, but for now, the party is united in its mourning of their former leader.
The end of an era.
Syndicalists Leave the PS!
Frustrated over the new, 'class traitor' regime of the PS, many members of the much smaller, more left-wing side of the party have abandoned us, instead moving to form their own organisations or to already existing ones, such as Communist Party. Bolívar Pagán Lucca has decried the radicals abandoning the party, and in retaliation has founded the Federación Puertorriqueña del Trabajo, a new Trade Union Federation to compete with the CGT and the FLT in the island, with Government sponsorship. With it, we have saved ourselves from the worse as trade unions loyal to the PS and the government have quickly switched sides to the new FPT, but we have still lost a noticeable portion of our support.
Damn them!
A Coalition With the PN?
As the election comes to an end, the Union party has only managed to get a minority government, and in order to fully enforce our policies through, it has been proposed that we form a coalition with another party. The obvious answer as to which party is the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party: founded by Coll y Cuchí himself, the party took a sharp shift to revolutionary independentism under Pedro Albizu Campos, the current leader. Although the independence of Puerto Rico has quelled much of the bad blood between the Unionists and the Nationalists, the idea of a coalition is not one that sits confortably with everyone in both parties. What should we do?
There's no harm in trying.
We can get their voters by other means...
The PN Accepts a Coalition!
It is with great pleasure that we can report that Pedro Albizu Campos has agreed to a coalition between the Nationalist Party and the Union Party. Together, we shall lead our newborn republic into the future!
Fantastic!
The PN Refuses a Coalition!
It is with disappointment that we must report that Pedro Albizu Campos has refused a coalition between the Nationalist Party and the Union Party, and that he shall continue in opposition to us. Normally, this would be a great defeat for us, but fortunately, we still have another plan: to use propaganda to win their voters over, reminding them that he founded the Nationalist Party, leaving it in protest to Albizu Campos' extremism. We shall win over the hearts of not just our own people, but the hearts of the opposition, as well.
Let's get to work.
Propaganda Campaign against the PNPR
With many in the PNPR aligning with our ideals, Jose has drafted a propaganda programme to try and shape the Union Party as the natural successor of the original PNPR, decrying the new one as an unsuccessful splinter. While to the firebrand nationalists like Albizu this will come off as a blatant insult, the more moderate nationalists could see the light of our argument and join the 'Winner' party.
After all, what good is an anti-foreigner party without foreigners to fight?
Protests Against High Taxes
Replicating Huey Long's concepts, José Coll y Cuchí has begun his own \
That doesn't sound good.
Rafael Martínez Nadal Passes Away
The former leader of the now waning Puerto Rican Republican Party, Rafael Martínez Nadal has passed away today in his home town of Guaynabo. An old ally of Santiago Iglesias Pantín, Rafael now leaves a conflicting legacy as his advocacy for La Coalición and cooperation with the United States now cause some groups to shun him as an American collaborator. His party has become guilty by association, with many members cancelling their membership after the Americans left. Nevertheless, the loss of such a renowned career politician has not gone unnoticed and several major party leaders will be attending his funeral.
Independence didn't work out in everyone's favour, it seems.
Matías González García Passes Away
The Gurabeño writer Matías González García has passed away today due to old age. A committed follower of writer Émile Zola, Matías became known in the island and abroad thanks to books like La Primera Cria, Cosas, El Escandalo, Ernesto, Carmela and Gestación. These books, following a very clear naturalist literary style, are said to become the inspiration of a new breed of Naturalist writers in the island.
Time will tell if his legacy will endure.
The Puerto Rican Elections of [GetYear]
After years of stable rule, elections have finally arrived on the island as stated by the constitution. As the results come in, the people await eagerly to know the outcome...
The PS wins the election!
The Liberals take the victory!
The Union Party takes the victory!
The Nationalists are victorious!
Economic Recession
The effects of the 1926 Great Depression in the United States' economy has absolutely devastated the Puerto Rican fledgling economy. Despite the first 30 years of American occupation being of relative peace and stability, the island did not see major improvements to its economy as it stagnated from its time as Spanish holding. The issue has grown so much that it has become a widespread belief that the island is now poorer under American supervision than it was as a Spanish Colony.
$PUE_economic_disaster_desc_beginning$ With an unemployment rate soaring as high as 65% by conservative estimates, and the prices of land and housing growing ever further away for the common Puerto Rican to acquire, it is clear that a great effort must be undertaken to overturn this situation, and even if an effort is taken, a migratory shift outwards from the island has started and there's no telling if the 'Puerto Rican Exodus' will be able to be stopped in time...
Economic Recession
$PUE_economic_disaster_desc_beginning$ After some initial government interventions, unemployment rate has dropped below 55% and land sale caps have been placed to prevent large landowners to overcharge for selling off parts of their estates. However, while an improvement, there's still a long way to go.
Economic Recession
$PUE_economic_disaster_desc_beginning$ After some initial government interventions, unemployment rate has dropped below 45% and several measures have been undertaken to increase the income of all Puerto Ricans. Social security nets are starting to be built, but they're still in their infancy to deal with the widespread poverty that still grips the island. Regardless, the people appreciate the effort the government is putting towards fixing the issue as it is seen, at the very least, as a step in the right direction.
Puerto Rican Exodus
Having introduced as many reforms as the Puerto Rican Economy could allow, production levels have finally returned to pre-crisis numbers. However, the population of Puerto Rico is still much larger than it used to be in the early twenties. As such, unemployment still remains solidly above 35%, and that is slowly but surely prompting many young Puerto Ricans to seek new fortune abroad. While it may be painful to see so many of our people flee due to economic circumstances, we have done what we could to help as many people as we could.
Anti American Sentiment
Since Puerto Rico's annexation in the Spanish-American War and the Treaty of Paris, Puerto Rican and American relations have been rocky at best. Originally independentists saw it as an opportunity to break off from the largely pro-Spanish status quo, but over time it became clear that the Americans had no intention of granting the island its independence. Since then, decades of independentist struggle and American suppression of said movements have boiled over into a wide-spread Anti-American movement, which, while existing in more moderate forms in Democratic parties, has also evolved into more violent ideas in parties like the PNPR, which now see the Americans as a force to beat at all costs.
$PUE_anti_American_sentiment_desc_beginning$ If no actions are undertaken by the Americans to quell this unrest, then the island may be lost for the Union forever...
Anti American Sentiment
$PUE_anti_American_sentiment_desc_beginning$ While the American Governorship has taken decisive action and saved the administration from the worst, it's only a matter of time before the Nationalists find their footing once more and spread their radical anti-American ideas to the general populace...
Anti American Sentiment
$PUE_anti_American_sentiment_desc_beginning$ With the Americans having failed to consolidate, the island will now just drift ever apart from the idea of ever becoming a Union territory again...
Agricultural Export Model
As is evident, Puerto Rico is not an industrial nation. Instead of denying the very nature of our nation, we should instead embrace it, and with the money we earn from the selling off agricultural products, we will be able to slowly but steadily move our production away from the vulnerable and volatile markets of Sugar and Pineapple towards light and maybe even heavy industry production markets.
Aggressive Autarky Programme
As is evident, Puerto Rico is not an industrial nation. Instead of trying to ignore the problem and hope that we can fix it in the long run, we shall instead pursue an aggressive industrialisation scheme. While this will hurt us in the short term, it is the only way we can achieve industrialisation in an acceptable time-frame.
Trade Dependency on the United States
With the Americans refusing to reach a compromise, they now own nearly all means of trade in Puerto Rico. No imports or exports come in or out from the island without the Americans getting their cut, and while we are already undertaking measures to develop our own merchant navy and get rid of the American companies that control this trade, it'll still take us time.
American-Modelled Army
The Puerto Rican National Guard, shaped after the American National Guard, has become the de-facto defence force of the island. While some independentists may bemoan having any relation to the Americans now that we're independent, there's no denying that General Esteves' expertise is now paramount for the defence of our island, and as such, his reforms shall be carried out fully.
Ejercito de Puerto Rico
The Cadets of the Republic has reached its ultimate objective by becoming the Army of Puerto Rico. Having started off as a small university group called the Patriotas Jovenes (Young Patriots), the organisation was renamed to the Cadets of the Republic after the entire organisation joined the Nationalist ranks and Albizu placed as their commander. While in general the Cadets are more about morale and numbers than they are about finely-tuned strategies, the military training Albizu received does make the force self-aware of its own weakness.
$PUE_army_self_defense_desc_beginning$ Whether that means they'll improve upon it or not, remains to be seen...
Ejercito de Puerto Rico
$PUE_army_self_defense_desc_beginning$ After several reforms, we have made our army as good as we could provided its institutional shortcomings.
Share the Wealth
Following largely the ideas of Huey Long's Share the Wealth programme, Jose Coll y Cuchi has passed a series of income tax reforms with subsidies for the rural population in Puerto Rico. While the benefits from said programme are still low, time will tell whether this approach will actually help the Puerto Rican people be uplifted from seemingly abject poverty.
Second Grito de Lares
More than 60 years ago, Ramón Emeterio Betances and Segundo Ruiz Belvís launched their insurrection against the Spanish in the hopes of achieving independence for the island. Alone against the Spanish Empire, they were unfortunately defeated. But their sacrifice for Puerto Rican independence serves as an example to the Nationalists, and with independence right at the corner, it is once again time for the Puerto Rican people to rise up against their oppressors and fight for their freedom.
People's Militias
While the Cadets themselves are an organised fighting force, the sudden flood of volunteers joining to fight for independence as well as a lack of internal organisation has led to the creation of impromptu militias that, while bolstering our ranks, lack the proper discipline to carry out combat to full capacity.
For a Free Puerto Rico!
Every Man, Woman and Child will have to do whatever is necessary for our island to be free from invaders! Victory is right around the corner! We just need to hold on a little longer...
Election Fever
With the elections being right around the corner, parties have begun their election campaigns to come out on top. Ironically, this means that whatever individual role they played in the UPR and the Constitutional Convention is now being used as a highlight of their effectiveness, slowly weakening the provisional government's power.
Democratic Sentiment
As a former colony of Spain, and a former occupied territory of the United States, Puerto Rico has developed a particular view of Democracy. With the original independentist revolts having brought representation to the island, and with the American ideals of democracy and freedom having reached the island during its occupation, it's undeniable that most Puerto Ricans think highly of democracy and representation. As such, the Government will seek ways to include more popular participation for Puerto Ricans, like the introduction of local referendums for projects or programs for Puerto Ricans to voice their concerns to their representatives in the Legislature. Only this way we can fully embrace these ideas that are seemingly becoming so rare in the world.
Independentist Dogma
After decades of imperialist oppression on the island, it has become a common belief that, now that the Puerto Rican people is free from foreign oppression, that it should never be allowed to return, in any shape or form, to the island. This means that the Puerto Rican people will only act in self-defence and do not seek to find yet another master to bow to. As such, our foreign policy shall align with these ideals, and seek for ways for our island to be protected but without forsaking our freedoms in the process.
Industrial Education
Industrialising Nation
Labour Friendly Government
Land Reform
A Reborn Puerto Rico
Naval Convoys
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican Commune
the Puerto Rican Commune
Puerto Rican Commune
the Puerto Rican Commune
Puerto Rican Commune
the Puerto Rican Commune
César Andreu Iglesias
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1915, in Ponce, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCesar Iglesias Andreu started his political career after graduating with a degree in Social Sciences from the University of Puerto Rico, when he began writing articles for the newspaper 'Verdad'('Truth'), which was owned by the Communist Party of Puerto Rico. By this stage, Cesar had already been a member for years, but as his writings began to become popular, so to did his popularity over the seemingly faceless leadership of the Party. With foreign occupiers taking over Puerto Rico with the intention of giving power to a special type of socialist regime, Cesar was instantly recommended due to his anti-Imperialist and equality-at-all-costs rhetoric, and relative political expertise as a good provisional president. Time will tell whether the decision to place such a young writer will transform Puerto Rico for the better or only have it submit further to foreign interests.§!
Santiago Iglesias Pantín
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1872, in La Coruña, Province of La Coruña, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Spain and nationalised as a Puerto Rican, Santiago Iglesias is almost a living legend of the Puerto Rican Socialist movement. Being one of the original founders of the Puerto Rico Socialist party, and one of the main organisers of the Free Federation of Workers, Pantín's leadership has been a vital asset for the Socialists on Puerto Rico to even be able to survive. However, his stance of cooperation with the Americans during the Great Depression and his time as Commissioner have not done the socialist movement any favours as the independentists saw themselves alienated by the growing pro-American stance of the party. Nevertheless, with Puerto Rico's liberation, it was clear that the best choice of a Provisional President was to be none other than Pantín himself. With his reformist yet moderate guiding hand, Puerto Rico may see a time of social and industrial reform in the short term, but with more radical wings in the Socialist Party existing, it's uncertain whether Pantín will be able to see his vision through fully before some up-and-comer replaces him.§!
Bolívar Pagán Lucca
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1897, in Guayanilla, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBolívar Pagán Lucca began his political career right after finishing high school, joining the Socialist Party and writing for the newspapers El Dia de Ponce, Nosotros, Renacimiento and Puerto Rico Ilustrado. In a few years he had become the editor of La Idea and La Aurora newspapers as well as becoming the vice-president of the Socialist Party in 1919, with the tutelage of Santiago Iglesias Pantín himself. He graduated as a lawyer from the University of Puerto Rico in 1921 and began serving as a judge in Fajardo from 1922 onwards, while also trying, unsuccessfully, to become the running candidate for the Socialist Party in 1924 and 1928, only managing to get the position of treasurer. Undeterred, Bolívar kept trying until gaining a seat in the insular senate in 1933 after the victory of La Coalición. However, his career ground to a halt with the Americans officially leaving Puerto Rico, as Bolívar was a staunch advocate of statehood for the island in the Senate, alienating him from most of the independentist groups. With Santiago Iglesias' death, Bolívar has had to step up to lead the Socialist Party and the Island as the running vice-president and while his leadership remains solid, he will have to distance himself from his pro-statehood past more thoroughly if he wishes to prevail in the new Puerto Rican political scene.§!
Ernesto Ramos Antonini
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1898, in Mayagüez, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a poor family, Antonini was only able to afford to study for a degree in Law at the University of Puerto Rico by playing Piano at a local venue in San Juan. This experience has greatly shaped his political views, deciding to take up a political career in 1924 by joining the Union of Puerto Rico, and later joining the Liberal Party. Remaining as an influential politician since then and now acting as President, a reform to the justice system in Puerto Rico is expected, as well as an expansion of workers' rights and industrialisation measures.§!
Luis Muñoz Marín
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1898, in San Juan, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of statesman Luis Miñoz Rivera, Marín spent most of his youth in the United States, as his father was the Puerto Rican Commissioner in the Union, where he graduated as a Lawyer from the University of Georgetown and as a Journalist from the University of Columbia. He returned to Puerto Rico in 1926, where he began writing for the newspaper 'La Democracia' ('The Democracy'). However, he did not actively participate in politics until 1932, where he joined the ranks of the Liberal party, remaining an influential member of the party ever since. A strong advocate of Puerto Rican economic welfare and independence, Muñoz's support base largely lay on the rural peasantry who responds positively to Muñoz's promises of social justice and subsidies. Now acting as President however, it remains to be seen if and how he will deliver said promises.§!
Antonio Rafael Barceló
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1868, in Fajardo, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAntonio Rafael Barceló y Martínez started his political career as far back as the early 1890s, joining the Autonomist Party, which sought to create an independent Puerto Rico within the Spanish Empire. As a successful merchant and graduated lawyer, Barceló was Municipal Judge at the town of Fajardo when the Americans landed into the town to fight the Spanish. Since Puerto Rico's annexation by the United States, Barceló remained active in local politics, first joining the Partido Federal, which tried to get Statehood for the island, and when that possibility grew distant, Barceló abandoned the party and joined the original Union of Puerto Rico. He was later elected for the Chamber of Delegates, named president of the UPR in 1912 and he was designated member of the Executive Council of Puerto Rico by President Woodrow Wilson. He later became President of the Senate, from which he started to push for Independence. However, dissatisfied with the UPR and a failed attempt at a coalition with the Republican Party, Barceló founded the Liberal Party in 1924. Now as acting president, Barceló's career seems to have reached its peak, and unfortunately, with his health deteriorating, it seems he won't be occupying his role until the term limit...§!
Gobierno de La Fortaleza
§YBackground:§! §LThe Provisional Government of La Fortaleza, made up of all major party representatives of Puerto Rico, now sits as the figurative Head of State of the island. Until a constitution is passed and elections organised, the delegates have organised commissions to do the day to day running.§!
José Coll y Cuchí
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 12th, 1877, in Arecibo, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Coll y Cuchí, the son of Cayetano Coll y Toste, was sent to study Law in the University of Barcelona in 1896. In Barcelona, he became interested in the ideals of Puerto Rican independence, and as the Americans annexed the island, José decided it was time to return to his homeland. He first joined the Republican party, where he managed to get elected as a member of the Chamber of Delegates in 1904, fighting a series of American proposals for the island like the Foraker Law, which lead him to join the Union of Puerto Rico until the 1920s. In 1922, seeing the Union of Puerto Rico as incapable of holding back the aggressive anti-independence stance of Governor Emmet Montgomery Reily, Jose left the party and founded his own party: The Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. Since then the party exploded in popularity, but as it did, it became clear that his largely moderate and reformist stance towards independence was in decline to Albizu's more revolutionary doctrine, forcing him to leave the party in 1930 and returning to his brother Cayetano's party, the Union Party. Since then, inspired by Long's rise in popularity in the United States, he began campaigning to become president of the Union Party, and with his campaign for President now successful with him occupying La Fortaleza, Jose has now managed to outmanoeuvre his old allies in the PNPR for good. Considered by many a pragmatist, but above all, a patriot, it's expected that as President he will now focus inwards to make Puerto Rico a self-sufficient nation, while also trying to bridge the gap between the lower and the higher classes of Puerto Rican society.§!
Blanton Winship
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1869, in Macon, Georgia, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBlanton C. Winship, originally a lawyer from America, first set foot on Puerto Rico during the Spanish-American war, when the 1st Georgia Infantry took part in the Puerto Rico Expedition. He'd stay in the Army as a military lawyer, becoming a military aide to President Lowden in 1925 and Judge Advocate General of the US Army in 1931. With the growing unrest in the island as Nationalist groups like the PNPR continued to undermine American authority, Winship was appointed as Governor of the island in 1934. Unlike his predecessor, Winship has taken a more hardline stance towards the forces trying to destabilise Puerto Rico, militarising the Insular Police to better maintain American power against threats both internal and external. However, Winship has also criticised the American Government for not investing in the island, which had been harshly struck by the Great Depression, and that has gained him some much needed local support to stay in power.§!
Pedro Albizu Campos
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1893, in Ponce, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPedro Albizu Campos, known by many Nationalists as 'The Last Liberator of America', has become a living legend of the Puerto Rican Independence movement. Albizu, in a somewhat ironic fashion, was largely educated in the United States, first graduating as a chemical engineer from the University of Vermont and as a Lawyer from Harvard University. After the end of the Weltkrieg, Albizu was selected to become a spectator in the Ceasefire of Copenhagen. However, he turned this position down after the ship that was going to take him to Europe stopped in the American South. Disgusted by the American Segregation, Albizu returned to Puerto Rico and joined the Partido Nacionalista. As a talented orator, it took him only a few years to reach the leadership of the party, and he grew to become one of America's biggest legal threats in the island, with him both defending anti-American activities in court as well as inspiring Nationalists to join in armed revolt against the Americans. Now, with the backing of the PNPR and the Cadets, Albizu's presidency will be marked by a radical shift in the island's politics, away from compromises done between parties and into a larger scope of changes that Albizu deems necessary for Puerto Rico to prosper, both economically as well as culturally.§!
Luis Raul Esteves
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1893, in Aguadilla, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Salvador Teodoro Roig Marietti
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 9th, 1907, in Yauco, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Carlos Betances Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1910, in Cabo Rojo, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Juan Antonio Corretjer
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1908, in Ciales, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Clemente Soto Vélez
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Lares, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Jesús T. Piñero
§YBorn:§! §LApril 16th, 1897, in Carolina, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Leopoldo Figueroa
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1887, in San Juan, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Rafael Carrión Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1891, in San Juan, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Ramiro L. Colón
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Ponce, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Juanita García Peraza
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1897, in Hatillo, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Jaime Benítez Rexach
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1908, in Vieques, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Santos P. Amadeo
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1902, in Salinas, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Joseph B. Aviles Sr.
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1897, in Naranjito, Captaincy General of Puerto Rico§!
Edmund Ernest García
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1905, in San Juan, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Rafael Celestino Benítez
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 9th, 1917, in Juncos, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Virgil R. Miller
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1900, in San German, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Juan César Cordero Dávila
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1904, in Carolina, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Carlos Fernando Chardon
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1907, in Ponce, Territory of Porto Rico, United States of America§!
Puerto Rico Ironworks
