Honduras Focus Tree
Bloque Obrero y Campesino (Workers' and Peasants' Bloc)
BOC
Bloque Obrero y Campesino (Workers' and Peasants' Bloc)
BOC
Partido Socialista Revolucionario (Socialist Revolutionary Party)
PSR
Partido Liberal de Honduras (Liberal Party of Honduras)
PLH (Radicales)
Partido Liberal de Honduras (Liberal Party of Honduras)
PLH (Progresivos)
Partido Liberal de Honduras (Liberal Party of Honduras)
PLH
Partido Nacional de Honduras (National Party of Honduras)
PNH
Partido Anticorrupción (Anticorruption Party)
PA
Partido Nacional de Honduras (National Party of Honduras)
PNH (Continuismo)
Partido Nacional de Honduras (National Party of Honduras)
PNH (Integralista)
Partido Nacional de Honduras (National Party of Honduras)
PNH (Moderados)
The suicide of President Carías in 1933 following the peasant charge of the capital created a shock wave throughout Honduras, and soon after a peasant republic was established in order to gradually root out US influence and purge Pro US elements. In 1936 the Council is on the brink of collapse and there are rumours of a conspiracy within the government...
GFX_HON_intro
The Original Banana Republic
Having come under the domination of various US fruit companies that turned the nation into an economic enclave, Honduras came to a breaking point in 1933. A peasant uprising stormed the capital and lead to the suicide of the sitting president, but even after this catastrophe, the government established in the aftermath of the revolution became dominated once more by US interests and a clique of intelligentsia. Now what remains of Honduras' apparatus of state is a mess, purged of dissenters and relying on military force to keep the railways to the ports open.
§MNacionalistas (Continuismo)§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have General Castro chair the Council and institute martial law during the Emergency Session.\n\n§MNacionalistas (Moderado) / Liberales (Radical)§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Remit all motions on the chairmanship and start printing ballot papers during the Emergency Session.\n£white_dot Select the desired party to win after the elections go ahead.\n\n§MBloque Obrero y Campesino§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have Councillor Wainwright chair the Council and push forward the revolution during the Emergency Session.
$CEN_pre_guide$
If we completed the focus §Y$HON_local_production$§!, this focus will also give a §YMilitary Factory§!.
If we completed the focus §Y$HON_mil_ind_complex$§!, this focus will also give a §YMilitary Factory§!.
Peasant Republic
Honduras is a 'peasant republic'; that is to say it is run by the council in the name of the peasantry, and its official name is the Peasants' and Workers' Republic of Honduras. In practice, however, this government is moribund and has ceased to represent the people.
December Revolution
The December Revolution took place in 1932, when peasants occupied the capital and a loose coalition of different groups took power as the \
A Military in Name Only
For the last century, the Honduran military has existed in name only, in reality the main military force of the country has lied on militia loyal to the PLH, PNH and local caudillos.\n\nThe long period of relative peace and stability since the end of the 1924 Revolution allowed the militias loyal to the government to begin professionalisation efforts, but the economic hardships brought by the great depression and the political instability that plague the republic after the 1933 coup have massively slow down these efforts.
Towards a Centralised Military
$HON_a_military_in_name_only_desc$\n\nWith renewed efforts, we have chosen to follow a traditional model for our new army. While expensive, this will turn our military into an effective force.
A Central Military Force
Despite the many setbacks and fears of some, our military reforms have finally brought our army to similar standards of the other armies in Central America.
Standardised Equipment
Training the Militias
$HON_a_military_in_name_only_desc$\n\nWith renew efforts, we have chosen to follow a more decentralise model for our new army. Using the militia as a base, we have send loyal soldiers to transform them into a capable force able to use the terrain of our country to its advantage.
A Loyal Military Force
We have successfully trained the militia and turn them into a professional and loosely organised force, loyal to our government and able to protect our country.
Expanding Military Infrastructure
Expanding Our Military Production
Rejuvenated Air Command
Naval-Air Coordination
New Naval Direction
Yellow Press
Clean Government
More Bananas
American Friends
Even More Bananas
Coffee Profits
Free Market Economy
Free Press
Urbanisation
Empowering the Workers
We must work to strengthen the position of the common worker within Honduras so as to ensure fair and proper working conditions and honour those that work hard to keep the state a beacon of economic activity.
Cheaper Canal Fees
Defensive Preparations
The Revolution
Trade with the Third Internationale
Church Property Seized
Red Shirts
Support from the South
Honduran support
Avenge our Fallen Brothers
People's Republic
No longer chained by the ineffective council that kept our nation under chaos and uncertainty. A true government for people has finally risen.
Socialist Economy
UFC Removed
La Mancha Brava
General Castro
General José León Castro has been brought to power by hook or by crook, and Honduras now enters an era of military dictatorship, all in the name of strengthening the nation against the outsiders!
The Autocratic Republic
No more of this 'peasant republic' nonsense. We shall elevate General Castro to the title of Supreme Autocrat and do away with this democratic foolishness.
Cult of Personality
General Castro is the only man that can bring order and prosperity to our dear nation. What else can the common man do, except for rejoice that such a benevolent man is our new ruler.
Border Patrols
After the border clash with El Salvador and Nicaragua, discipline is needed to ensure that we don't lose another one. Furthermore, we must raise, train, and equip a proper border patrol.
Freedom of the Press?
The press has been less than enthusiastic over Castro's takeover of the country, so let's use our friendship with the UFC to quickly remedy this.
O Death, Where is Thy Victory?
O Grave, Where is Thy Sting? The revolutionary threat from Nicaragua has been soundly defeated and all that remains is the smouldering wreck of their attempt to overthrow Honduran might
Ideological Crusade
A great crusade must now begin in all of Central America, a grand propaganda campaign to remind the people of the evils of socialism.
Death to Socialists
There is no polite way to phrase it: socialists must die if Honduras is to avoid the revolution and madness that blighted her in the early 1930s.
Purge Corrupt Officials
Corruption is endemic in the consular bureaucracy. By rooting it out and replacing it with a stratocratic system of military government we can keep proper discipline.
The Corporate Economy
Through the use of corporate power, Honduras can become stronger. Collaborating with companies like the United Fruit Company will enable us to exert control over the market.
Aid the UFC
The United Fruit Company's operations were sadly curtailed by the misguided old government. While they remained active, their influence and ability to expand were hampered. In order to ensure a future for Honduras, we must rectify this.
Rich in Potassium
Did you know bananas are good for you? Well, now you do! More bananas must be grown, straightened and exported from Honduras in order to grow her economy.
Forced Labour
It seems that some of our people disagree with our policy of collaborating with the UFC so heavily in order to sell bananas to all and sundry. Let's punish them in the most lucrative way.
Transoceanic Railway
By building a railway connecting the two oceans, we can improve our commercial health as well as connecting our cities together to better open our markets for business.
Ties with the UFC
Seeing as the UFC intends to expand their investments in our newly business-friendly economy, we must deepen our ties with the UFC.
Economic Boom
The growth in the economy engendered by our vigorous commitment to bananas will let us grow our important industries too.
Chairman [HONleadloc_scripted2]
[HONleadloc_scripted2] has won a free and fair election and will now embark on a programme of free-market reform.
Expand the Coffee Industry
Coffee is already well-supplied by the rest of the world, but expanding our business in that sector would be a start towards diversifying our banana-dependent economy.
Improve the Infrastructure
Expanding infrastructure is vital to Honduras's future as a modern nation.
Lower the Taxes
Lowering taxes across the board, from the poorest to the richest, may make the state a little poorer, but it will enrich our people and free up funds for them to invest.
Free Market Economy
We must unshackle our businesses from pointless red tape. The freer the market, the freer the people!
Labour Regulations
[HONleadloc_scripted2]'s administration has seen the introduction of labour regulations for children and women and the establishment of an eight-hour working day in the Honduran Congress. Congress passing these laws will mark a monumental change in Honduras' labour laws.
Education Reform
By providing sizeable incentives to attract foreign teachers, we can improve the education of our youth, gradually reform our school system and improve our research.
Cooperate with the UFC
We must establish a relationship with the UFC, but one rooted in mutual respect and exchange rather than in exploitation and hostility.
Urbanise the Countryside
By promoting movement to the cities, we will grow the Honduran economy and population, and make ourselves less rural and fruit-dependent.
The Pan-American Agricultural School
By creating a school for all of the Americas to study the latest methods of agriculture, we can improve our methods, strengthen our international ties, and advance our understanding of chemistry.
Peace and Security
Peace and security are the two watchwords of our government. Wherever there is policy, it must promote peace and security.
Increase Press Freedom
A truly free press is necessary for a truly free Honduras!
Modernise the State
Bureaucratic reform must be pushed forward in order to safeguard liberalism in the Americas.
Love Thy Neighbour
In these trying times, the Christian values shared by many Hondurans are among the few things we all have to hold dear.
Long Live Democracy
Here in Honduras we will build a democracy that all of Central America will envy! Viva la republica!
Chairman [HONleadloc_scripted]
[HONleadloc_scripted] has won a free and fair election and will now embark on a programme of much-needed social reform.
Land Reform
Redistribution of land to the landless is a vital step to ensure universal prosperity.
Industrial Development
By funding industrial development, Honduras is more than capable of achieving great wealth for herself.
Expand Banana Production
The humble banana is a vital part of the Honduran economy. By encouraging small plantations to expand production, we can grow this sector of our economy without resorting to concessions to the United Fruit Company.
The Economics of Liberty
The freedom to buy and sell, without favour to large business, is an essential underpinning of our strategy to bring freedom to the Honduran people.
The Free Press
A truly free press is necessary for a truly free Honduras!
Woo the Southern Periphery
Maritime shipping is the cheapest way to bring products from one side of our country to the other, so is only natural to begin stabilising friendly relations with the country to makes this possible.
Secure the Northern Border
Guatamala could be our biggest threat or greatest ally depending on how their politics develop, but we should be prepared for the worst by building small fortifications in the border and encouraging more people to fight for the country.
Undermine the UFC Monopoly
Independent fruit producers, protected from UFC thugs, can grow our bananas just fine without the exploitation and suffering that comes from corporate economics.
Promote Unionisation
By promoting unions and peaceful dialogue with employers, we can better working conditions all over the country.
Expand Education
Many of our populace are still illiterate, which holds back our economy and intellectual life. We must solve this problem through dedicated investment by the state.
Protect the Unemployed
The unemployed, the sick, the elderly. All these people require our protection if they are to thrive.
Enshrine Human Rights
By promoting a charter of basic human rights and enshrining it in law we can help to create an institutional framework to protect the people long after this government ends.
The Bastion of Liberalism
Honduras will remain a bastion of liberalism for years to come, promoting the dignity, equality, and fraternity of all men.
Sovereign, Independent and Free
We will never bow our heads to tyrants again, we are now and forever Sovereign, Independent and Free.
The Revolution Triumphant
The revolutionary state rises, no more the Peasants' Republic but now truly the People's Republic.
President Wainwright
The BOC and their revolutionary programme have entered centre stage, and now begins what they term the 'permanent revolution'
Organise Diplomatic Missions
One of Wainwright' first projects is the organisation of the diplomatic corps to reach out to syndicalists the world over and ensure good relations with them.
State Atheism
Though Catholicism has deep roots, they must be dug up, the church is an implement of reactionary thought.
Red Shirts
Wearing their fine red shirts, our youth wing is ready to provide volunteers for the revolution.
Support the Southern Socialists
After our successful takeover of the country, is time to re-establish relations with our socialist neighbours in Nicaragua or what is left of them...
Destroy the Caudillos
Since our nations inception, Caudillismo has been a pox and has disregarded the worker. All those who have persecuted the workers and the peasants will be fully prosecuted under our law. With their eventual destruction we can mark a major milestone in our progress to a true people's republic.
Ban the Nationalist and Liberal Parties
There is no place in our country for the ones who sold us to the UFC; for the ones who engaged in multiple pointless civil war, plundering our nation in devastation only to enrich themselves and the ones who left our nation to rot for the past years.
Patriotic Front
So long as they agree to root out reactionary thought within their own ranks, the BOC are more than willing for form a united front with other leftists.
The People's Republic
While really only a formality, the official designation of Honduras as a 'people's republic' rather than a simple 'republic' is of vital ceremonial importance.
Planned Economy
By assuming direct control of the economy, we can prevent the export of vital Honduran resources and put them to our own use.
Establish Unions
Establishing self-managed unions in Honduras, under the strict guidance of the party, will be essential to our new economy.
The Hammer and the Sickle
The first project is to expand tool making, to ensure that there are enough hammers, sickles and shovels for the new economy.
Reclamation of Ejidos
Many areas once jointly shared by the working class have been stolen illegally by the Caudillos of Honduras. These will be retaken and distributed fairly amongst the peasantry.
Collective Farming
Collective farming is now well established. It must be massively expanded in order to feed our burgeoning population.
Collective Housing
The second project is to begin mass housing projects in order to assure homes for all the people of Honduras.
Seize UFC assets
The third project is to officially ban the United Fruit Company and all related to it, in order to smash the capitalist system in our nation.
Industrial Unionism
Taking the unions from the farms to the factories is the fourth project.
The Transoceanic Railway
The fifth project, a railroad from coast to coast, will be an excellent symbol of our prosperity and the worth of the revolution.
Socialist Dawn
The People's Republic of Honduras still has a long way to go before our society becomes a truly equal and fair society. Despite this all of our work so far has shown the willingness of the people to sacrifice their wellbeing and lives for this dream. With their continued determination Honduras shall eventually reach the end of the capitalist twilight and with it attain the new red dawn.
State of the Army
Although much is left to be desire from the current state of our military, our initial attempts at reforms have mitigate the most egregious issues such as the lack of uniform for our official forces or the shortages of ammunition that left many with no choice, but to use machetes in combat.
Military Infrastructure
In Central America, you don't just need rifles and the will to win wars, you also need the supplies to do so. The harsh terrain of the region makes supply chains hard to establish, so we should look into expanding our infrastructure as to not suffer shortages.
Military-Industrial Complex
Honduras will need to produce its own war material if it hopes to survive the incoming storm. We must invest in the development of a small scale military-industrial complex to feed our war machine.
Forming a Professional Army
With the militias being our military force for much our history, the transition to a traditional force will require an extensive restructuring our forces.
Standardised Equipment
We don't possess a standard rifle, and we're mostly using leftovers that Spain was so kind to allow us to buy on the cheap a few years ago. We need to change that, so we shall start rifle trials to adopt one model as standard.
Heavy Equipment
We don't only need rifles, we also need heavy guns to pound the enemy's position. We shall invest in artillery so that the enemy will never feel safe either in the battlefield or in the trenches.
Organised Chain of Command
Our current chain of command is murky and ineffective at best. A restructuring is in order in order to provide clear command hierarchy and allow our soldiers to regroup under a different commanding officer.
Trained Officers
Our officers currently hardly know anything about formal military doctrine. We will have to formally train them in a Honduran way of war if we wish to stand a chance against our enemies.
Enforce Conscription
Although we officially declare all capable man from 21 to 30 are require to server, the middle to upper class men were able to avoid it due to multiple exemptions. With our military in more of capable form, we need them to keep expanding our forces.
Training the Militia
Continuing to employ the militia will be no easy work. Many new soldiers and officers will be require to train them and maintain their control.
Loyal Officers
Many new officers and soldiers are ready to be send to every department to train the militia and guarantee their loyalty.
Adapting to the Terrain
The harsh terrain in Central America is proving treacherous for our men. We will have to teach them to adapt in the varying environments. Geography shall be our ally, not our enemy!
Guerrilla Tactics
We cannot hope to match Guatemala or El Salvador in open combat. We will have to fight smart, lure them into ambushes, and pick our fights carefully. The spirit of guerrilla fighting follows these ideas, and it is the doctrine we shall follow.
Guerrilla Spirit
We don't just need the tactics, we also need the fighting spirit! Our soldiers must be ready to do whatever it takes to win.
Support Units for the Militia
While our militia have proven themselves to be quite effective, it was decided to create special support units containing elite soldier to support our army in a more traditional ways.
Equipment Imports
Purchasing foreign equipment has long been the lifeblood of our army, as we lack the significant domestic capacity required to produce our own.
Local Production
We cannot depend on foreign imports forever. We need to make a move towards self-sufficiency and start our own local rifle production.
Successful Professionalisation
Our professionalisation efforts have transform our army from a puny force of disorganise militia to proper military force, comparable to the other ones in the region.
Successful Militia Reform
Our reforms have transform the militia to a trained force, loyal to our government and able to enforce order and our will in their assign department.
Military Research
Regardless of our choices in terms of doctrine, there's no denying that we have a shortage of specialists and technicians whose expertise could give us the upper hand in a conflict. We need to start attracting them to serve our cause!
The FAH
Our military high command has officially inaugurated the Fuerza Aérea Hondureña to take flight against our enemies.
Air Officers
An Air Corps composed of brave volunteer pilots has been founded in Tegucigalpa to lead the way for other more wary conscripts.
Land-based AA
Recently purchased anti-air weapons will be able to safeguard our skyline from enemy aircraft, keeping our heartland safe.
Tegucigalpa Airfield
We have cleared out land for airstrips to accommodate a modern air fleet to defend ourselves.
Fighters for the FAH
Solid fighter planes are essential to meet and defeat the bombers entering out homeland. Those heroes have it hard out there.
CAS aircraft for the FAH
Multi-purpose close air support helps us defend out convoys and air operations.
Bombers for the FAH
The dream of safely ensuring victory from the air has finally arrived to the FAH.
Protecting the Sky
We must mobilise our citizenry to protect critical depots from air attacks, as well as to guard our borders.
Naval-Air Coordination
The military high command has finally accepted the equal status of the FAH in military coordination and planning.
Naval Bombers for the FAH
Specially designed bombers capable of destroying naval vessels will someday save our hides.
The FNH
Our military high command has officially inaugurated the Fuerza Naval Hondureña to take back our coast from imperialists.
Amapala Port
The small port of Amapala has served Honduras in trade for decades, but shall now be fully militarised to serve her people's safety.
Destroyers for the FNH
Destroyers are essential for protecting our trade power in the Caribbean.
Submarines for the FNH
The latest in pressurised submersible seacraft will strike fear into the hearts of imperialist invaders.
FNH Flagship
A capital ship will show the world that Honduras is a world leader in naval technology.
Naval Officers
A professional training regimen has been designed to help new naval officers transition from ceremonial to functional roles.
Honduran Merchant Navy
Employing civilians in our naval network will assist in our ability to project power outwards by letting us concentrate our Navy's sailors where they are truly needed.
Protecting the Coastline
We must ensure no invader shall ever land in our country again, no matter the cost.
Villeda Morales
Moncada
Zúñiga Huete
Callejas
Honduras
Honduran
Honduras
People's Republic of Honduras
the People's Republic of Honduras
People's Republic of Honduras
the People's Republic of Honduras
People's Republic of Honduras
the People's Republic of Honduras
Juan Pablo Wainwright Nuila
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Santa Barbara, Department of Santa Barbara, Republic of Honduras§!
José Ramón Adolfo Villeda Morales
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1908, in Ocotepeque, Department of Ocotepeque, Republic of Honduras§!
José María Moncada Tapia
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1870, in San Rafael del Sur, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Ángel Zúñiga Huete
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1885, in San Antonio de Oriente, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Venancio Callejas Lozano
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1886, in Valle de Ángeles, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Honduran Council
§YFounded:§! §L1933, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe suicide of President Carías in 1933, following the taking of the capital by peasant rebels, created a shockwave throughout Honduras. In the aftermath of the revolution a coalition of ambitious intelligentsia and military personnel took over and instituted a 
José León Castro
§YBorn:§! §LJune 28th, 1870, in San Andrés, Department of Gracias, Republic of Honduras§!
Juan Manuel Gálvez Durón
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1887, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Arturo Martínez Galindo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1900, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Ramón Amaya Amador
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1916, in Olanchito, Department of Yoro, Republic of Honduras§!
Francisco Murillo Selva
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1897, in Tela, Department of Colón, Republic of Honduras§!
Dionisio Romero Narváez
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Olanchito, Department of Yoro, Republic of Honduras§!
Rafael Heliodoro Valle
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1891, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Rafael Medina Raudales
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1887, in Danlí, Department of El Paraíso, Republic of Honduras§!
Rafael Díaz Chávez
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in the Republic of Honduras§!
Ernesto Argueta Ayes
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1882, in Juticalpa, Department of Olancho, Republic of Honduras§!
Mariano Bertrand Anduray
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1889, in Choluteca, Department of Choluteca, Republic of Honduras§!
Abraham Williams Calderón
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 16th, 1894, in Choluteca, Department of Choluteca, Republic of Honduras§!
Julio Lozano Díaz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1885, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
Rafael Camilo Rivera Reina
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 13th, 1879, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
José Lino Zúniga
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1885, in San Manuel, Department of Santa Bárbara, Republic of Honduras§!
Justo Umaña Alvarado
§YBorn:§! §Lin San Pedro Sula, Department of Santa Barbara, Republic of Honduras§!
Calixto Andino Carias
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1897, in Tegucigalpa, Department of Tegucigalpa, Republic of Honduras§!
William Edgar Coleman
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1890, in San Pedro Sula, Department of Santa Barbara, Republic of Honduras§!
Leónidas Piñeda Maldorrado
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1885, in Lange, Department of Valle, Republic of Honduras§!
Joaquín Medina Planas
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1879, in the Republic of Honduras§!
Luís Alonzo Fiallos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1908, in Comayagua, Department of Comayagua, Republic of Honduras§!
José Rafael Aguilar
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1901, in Juticalpa, Department of Olancho, Republic of Honduras§!
Ramón Lisandro Garay Mejia
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1899, in San Sebastián, Department of Comayagua, Republic of Honduras§!
Salvador Machado Cisneros
§YBorn:§! §L1884, in La Esperanza, Department of Intibucá, Republic of Honduras§!
Francisco Martínez Funes
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1867, in Choluteca, Department of Choluteca, Republic of Honduras§!
Rufino Solis Juárez
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in El Rosario, Department of Olancho, Republic of Honduras§!
Gregorio Ferrera \
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in San Jerónimo, Department of Comayagua, Republic of Honduras§!
TSZF
Totalitárius Szociálista Frakció
FSZT
Forradalmi Szakszervezeti Tanács
NPP
Nemzeti Parasztpárt
MSZDP
Magyarországi Szociáldemokrata Párt
NSP
Nemzeti Szabadelvű Párt
NMP
Nemzeti Munkapárt
FKgP
Független Kisgazda-, Földmunkás- és Polgári Párt
KNEP
Keresztény Nemzeti Egyesülés Pártja
F48P
Függetlenségi és 48-as Párt
NAP
Nemzet Akaratának Pártja
Hungary
Hungarian
Hungary
Hungarian Socialist Republic
the Hungarian Socialist Republic
Hungarian Socialist Republic
the Hungarian Socialist Republic
Hungarian Socialist Republic
the Hungarian Socialist Republic
GFX_HUN_intro
Béla Kun
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1886, in Szilágycseh, Szatmár County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Mihály Károlyi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1875, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Árpád Szakasits
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1888, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Manó Buchinger
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1875, in Nyitra, Nyitra County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Oszkár Jászi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1875, in Nagykároly, Szatmár County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
István Friedrich
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1883, in Malacka, Pozsony County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Zoltán Tildy
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1889, in Losonc, Nógrád County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
János Zichy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1868, in Nagyláng, Fejér County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
László Bárdossy
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1890, in Szombathely, Vas County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Kocsárd Janky de Bulcs
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1868, in Déva, Hunyad County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of lieutenant field marshal Lajos Janky, Kocsárd completed his studies at the Theresian Military Academy, the Monarchy's top institution, in 1889, and was commissioned a lieutenant in the 1st Hussar Regiment. By 1909, he held the rank of major and became the chief of staff of the 1st Cavalry Division. At the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, he commanded the 4th Hussar Regiment, as a colonel, in the bloody opening battles in Galicia. He was unfortunate enough to participate in the 1916 Battle of Lutsk, one of the opening battles of the Brusilov Offensive, but his remarkable bravery and leadership in the face of relentless Russian assaults later earned him the Order of Maria Theresia, one of Austria-Hungary's top military orders of bravery. In 1917, he was transferred to the Italian Front, then the Romanian Front the following year. In the final phases of the war, he was a well-decorated general on the Macedonian Front, contributing to the final battles in that sector. After the war, he was quickly recognised as one of the more able Hungarian officers in the Monarchy and quickly rose further to the top as a General of Cavalry. As such, he is one of the most prominent Hungarian officers in the Imperial and Royal Army along with his personal friend Miklós Horthy.§!
Hugó Sónyi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 2nd, 1883, in Wolkersdorf, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from a cadet school in Budapest in 1900, Sónyi, born Solarcz, began his military service as an officer in the 4th Bosnian Infantry Regiment. He enrolled in Vienna's Kriegsschule in 1906 and completed his staff officer courses in 1909. He was then assigned to the XIII Corps headquartered in Zagreb, and would serve in the Serbian and Italian fronts during the Weltkrieg. In the final phases of the war, he was on the Macedonian Front where he distinguished himself, ending the war at the rank of major general. After the war, Sónyi was assigned to the Honvéd Ministry until 1929. In 1927, he was further promoted to lieutenant general, becoming one of the prominent forces behind the development of the Honvéd. As of 1936, he was made General of Infantry, making him one of the highest ranked Hungarians in the Austro-Hungarian Army, and certainly one of the most respected in the armed forces.§!
Vilmos Nagy de Nagybaczon
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1884, in Parajd, Udvarhely County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom distinguished Transylvanian nobility of Calvinist faith, Nagy was able to graduate from the Ludovika Military Academy with top grades, allowing him to continue studying at Vienna's Kriegsschule to become a staff officer. At the start of the Weltkrieg, he was a captain serving on the Serbian Front until transferring to Galicia to fight in the bloody Carpathian winter battles and the Gorlice-Tarnów Offensive. He received the Military Merit Cross in 1915, briefly transferring to the War Ministry in Vienna and Honvéd Ministry in Budapest until 1916, and once more in 1918. By the end of the war, he was a colonel, and he spent the better part of the 1920s publishing several volumes analysing the Serbian and Romanian Campaigns for the armed forces. As a result, not only is he known as a prolific writer in military circles, but also as a forward-thinking officer embracing new technologies (\
Béla Miklós de Dálnok
§YBorn:§! §LJune 11th, 1890, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDescendant of a Szekler lower nobility, Miklós attended a military high school in Sopron before attending the Ludovika Academy, the military academy of the Hungarian half of the Monarchy. He graduated in 1910 and was commissioned a lieutenant in the Hussars. During the Weltkrieg, he served on numerous fronts before joining the general staff, although he only received formal staff officer training in 1920-1 at the Kriegsschule in Vienna. For most of the interwar, Miklós worked in the Honvéd Ministry and the Austro-Hungarian War Ministry, before being given command of the Second Cavalry Brigade in 1934. He became general the next year, and is set to command a Fast Division once the funds are secured to expand the Monarchy's armoured corps.§!
Dezső László
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1893, in Lovászpatona, Veszprém County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLászló was commissioned as an ensign into the Austro-Hungarian Army in 1911, and by 1914, he was a first lieutenant. He initially served on the Serbian Front before being sent to Galicia, then the Italian Front until 1919, when he began his staff officer training in Vienna. By the end of the war, he was serving in the staff of Field marshal Boroević. After the war, he continued his studies at the Ludovika Academy before rising through the ranks through different positions in the general staff. After briefly taking command of the Ludovika, he was recently made a general, though his experience in commanding anything larger than a company or command staff in wartime or a brigade in peacetime remains limited.§!
Gusztáv Jány
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1883, in Rajka, Moson County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOf mixed German, Polish, and Hungarian descent, Jány, born Gustav Hautzinger, began in 1902 when he began attending the Ludovika Military Academy. Graduating in 1905, he was commissioned a Lieutenant in the Royal Hungarian Honvéd, assigned to the 8th Infantry Regiment. As the troopers of the regiment were Romanian-speakers, he learnt the language in addition to his native German and Hungarian. In 1913, he attended the Kriegsschule before becoming a staff officer before the war began. Jány spent most of the war fighting on the Galician Front as a captain in the general staff. In 1917, he was sent to the Western Front as an observer, returning to Galicia the next year in the staff of the Third Army. By the end of the war, he had become a major and was promoted to colonel in 1921. After the war, he taught tactics at the Ludovika, becoming its commander in 1931. As a Protestant, he made efforts to reduce the dominance of Catholicism in the institution, constructing a Lutheran chapel along with a large memorial to graduates lost during the Weltkrieg. In 1934, he was made a general and only recently returned to active duty after commanding the Academy for five years.§!
Lajos Veress de Dálnok
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1889, in Sepsiszentgyörgy, Háromszék County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrom high Szekler nobility, Veress graduated from the Ludovika Military Academy in 1910 and was a Hussar lieutenant by the outbreak of the Weltkrieg. Starting on the Serbian Front, he was wounded several times, earning his Wound Medal with three stripes. During the war, he wrote home often, and while he had no qualms talking about the difficulties of the war, he maintained a good, and often dark, sense of humour, and remained confident in victory and the leadership. When the war ended, he had risen up the ranks as a staff officer, but would only reach the rank of general in the mid-30s. He has shown great interest in armoured warfare and keenly follows the development of mechanised and armoured units in the armed forces.§!
Gusztáv Denk de Kistorony
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1882, in Nagyszeben, Szeben County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the Kriegsschule in 1903, Denk was a Major in the Austro-Hungarian Army when the Weltkrieg began. By the end of the war, serving as a cavalry commander, he had become a colonel. In 1919, became part of the Emperor-King's Military Chancellery, the staff that advised the Monarch on military matters and maintaining the connection between the crown and the armed forces. This would last until 1928 when he was made a major general, then a lieutenant general in 1935, with a potential future as General of Cavalry.§!
Döme Sztójay
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1883, in Versec, Temes County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Dimitrije Stojaković in Vojvodina, Sztójay attended a Cadet School in Pécs before attending the Kriegsschule in Vienna in 1910. At the start of the Weltkrieg, he was assigned to the staff of an infantry brigade, but eventually rose to the operational staff to the military commander of Bosnia. Before being transferred to the Armee-Oberkommando (Army High Command), he was the chief of staff of a brigade of mountain infantry in the Dolomites. Once in the AOK, he was assigned to the Evidenzbureau, the Austro-Hungarian military intelligence agency, where he specialised in counter-intelligence for the rest of the war. After the war, he rose to the rank of colonel in 1925, after which he formally Magyarised his name, and major general in 1933. Until 1935, he worked as a section chief in the Hungarian Ministry of Defence (“Honvéd Ministry”), at the end of which he was promoted to lieutenant general.§!
Szilárd Bakay
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1892, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBakay's father was a battalion commander in the 1st Infantry Regiment, passing away from a heart attack in 1897. As such, he received a scholarship in 1902 and enrolled in a military high school, before attending a cavalry cadet school in 1906. In 1909, he made it to the Theresian Military Academy, graduating three years later with remarkable grades. In 1914, at the start if the war, he was a deputy battalion commander fighting on the Serbian Front. He proved highly capable, leading a battalion the next year, and received the Order of the Iron Crown in 1916. He then led the 72nd Assault Battalion until 1918, where he attempted staff officer courses and was made captain. After the war, he was part of the general staff of the IV Corps and stationed in Pécs, graduating from the Ludovica Military Academy in 1922. In 1925, he was transferred to the War Ministry in Vienna, serving as a liaison officer and travelling often as part of different military missions for the Austro-Hungarian general staff. As a colonel in 1931, he was briefly a military attaché in Belgrade, before being promoted to major general and transferred to Sofia in 1935.§!
Károly Bartha de Dálnokfalva
§YBorn:§! §LJune 18th, 1884, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter attending the Technical Military Academy between 1908 and 1911, Bartha became an officer in the Austro-Hungarian technical troops. He would rise through the ranks during the Weltkrieg and become a senior officer by its conclusion. Following the war, he became a technical instructor at the Ludovika Academy until he was appointed a general in 1930, becoming de facto head of artillery for the Honvéd with the potential to attain the rank of Feldzeugmeister (general of artillery) for the Austro-Hungarian armed forces in the future.§!
Jenő Rátz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1882, in Nagybecskerek, Torontál County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter spending half a year in the seminary in Csanád, Rátz switched to the Ludovika which he finished as head of his class. He continued his studies at the Kriegsschule in Vienna, graduating in 1912. He served in the Weltkrieg as the deputy chief of staff of the 58th Infatry Division. By the wars he was moved to duty in the Hungarian Ministry of Defence, where he was among the founders for the Hungarian Military Archives. After the war, he started teaching military history in the Ludovika, where was assigned leader as the institution in 1929. He left this post in 1934, moving to the General Staff. He was promoted to lieutenant general the same year. Since 1935 he has been the Chief of the General Staff of the Honvédség. A traditionalist, he is known for his connections to conservative elements within Hungarian society, which might explain his rapid rise in the past few years.§!
Miklós Horthy de Nagybánya
Sándor Karácsony
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1891, in Földes, Hajdú County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Béla Bangha
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1880, in Nyitra, Nyitra County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
János Kabay
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 27th, 1896, in Bűdszentmihály, Szabolcs County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Gedeon Richter
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1872, in Ecséd, Heves County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Farkas Heller
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1877, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Rusztem Vámbéry
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 29th, 1872, in Pest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ferenc Chorin
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1879, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Mihály Polányi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1891, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Kálmán Darányi de Pusztaszentgyörgy
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1886, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Gusztáv Gratz
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1875, in Gölnicbánya, Szepes County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Vilmos Rőder
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1881, in Pécs, Baranya County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Kálmán Hardy
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1892, in Pécs, Baranya County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Richárd Olaf Wulff
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 8th, 1877, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Sándor Magyarossy
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 13th, 1891, in Óbecse, Bács-Bodrog County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
László Háry
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1890, in Gyömöre, Győr County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
István Birnbauer
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1897, in Sopron, Sopron County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Árpád Bertalan
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1898, in Pozsony, Pozsony County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Waldemár Kenese
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 28th, 1884, in Brčko, Tuzla District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Henrik Werth
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1881, in Rezsőháza, Torontál County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
László Hollósy-Kuthy
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1896, in Buziás, Temes County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Teofil Hárosy
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1893, in Cajla, Pozsony County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Ede Teller
György Jendrassik
János Neumann
Leó Szilárd
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1898, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Miklós Straussler
Oszkár Asbóth
Tódor Kármán
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1881, in Budapest, Pest-Pilis-Solt-Kiskun County, Kingdom of Hungary, Austria-Hungary§!
Hyderabad
Hyderabadi
Hyderabad State
Comrades Association
TCP
Telangana Communist Party
Hyderabad Congress
Hyderabad State Congress
Andhra Mahasabha
Andhra Mahasabha (Andhra Grand Assembly)
Andhra Mahasabha
Andhra Mahasabha (Andhra Grand Assembly)
ADLA
Andhra Desa Library Association
MIM
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (Council for Unity of Muslims)
MIM
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (Council for Unity of Muslims)
Executive Council
Executive Council of Hyderabad
MIM (Razakars)
Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (Council for Muslim Unity) - Razakars
Makhdoom Mohiuddin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 4th, 1908, in Andole, Hyderabad State, India§!
Chandra Rajeswara Rao
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1914, in Mangalapuram, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Ramanand Tirtha
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1903, in Sindagi, Presidency of Bombay, British India§!
Madapati Hanumantha Rao
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1885, in Pokkunuru, Hyderabad State, India§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRao followed in the footsteps of his father and uncles when, in 1904, he joined the education department of Hyderabad. A diligent worker, he would switch tracks after 8 years and become a lawyer. It was here that he made his bones and acquired a highly respectable reputation as a social organiser, especially underneath the steely tyranny of the Nizam. One of the events which propelled him to the forefront was the controversy surrounding the 1921 Nizam's States' Social Reforms Conference. Conducted in English, Marathi, and Urdu, the absence of Telugu as a language was already controversial. When a participant was forbidden from moving a motion in Telugu, Rao and others capitalised on the outrage and assembled the \
Gadicherla Harisarvottama Rao
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1883, in Kurnool, Presidency of Fort St. George, British India§!
Bahadur Yar Jung
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1905, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!
Osman Ali Khan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 6th, 1886, in Purani Haveli, Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!
Syed Ahmed El-Edroos
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1899, in Sangareddy, Hyderabad State, India§!
Azam Jah
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1907, in Hyderabad, Hyderabad State, India§!
Qasim Razvi
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 17th, 1902, in Lucknow, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
