And the eagle shall watch from afar...
War is hell.
Russia Invades the Reichspakt
For two decades, Germany and Russia have been at peace. Despite the animosity left by Russian defeat in the Great War, the price of five years of foreign and civil war was steep - and neither side wished to pay it again. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven correct: after years of military rearmament and revanchist sentiment, Russia has repudiated the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk and proclaimed their intent to forcefully reverse what they describe as German overlordship over Eastern Europe. As Germany and her allies mobilise against this long-feared threat, Russian artillery strikes have been reported on German positions across the Russian border - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
While long anticipated, the outbreak of war between the Internationale and Germany was a dramatic shock - the last time there was war between the great powers of Europe, it quickly spiralled to include the entire continent. Even if they wouldn't act instantly, it was already obvious that Russia, Germany's long-bitter eastern nemesis, has been growing more belligerent in recent years.\n\nAfter much anticipation, [RUS.GetLeader] made a speech early this morning declaring that, in light of recent years, German hegemony over the world has never been more of a myth. While it only obliquely referenced the war, the speech was otherwise bellicose - and was followed by aggressive army postures along Russia's border. Once more, Germany must fight a war on two fronts.
For two decades, Germany and the Third Internationale have been at peace. Despite their ideological opposition to each other, the horrors of the Great War weighed on all - and neither side was prepared to repeat them. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven right: after years of military rearmament and revanchist sentiment, Russia has repudiated the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk and proclaimed their intent to forcefully reverse what they describe as German overlordship over Eastern Europe. As Germany and her allies mobilise against this long-feared threat, the rest of the Internationale has issued mobilisation orders of their own in support of their ally - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
We will march through the Brandenburg Gate.
Ready the Ostwall.
Our bonds will not be broken.
Germany finally shows weakness...
I suppose it's nearly time, then.
The war that will drive the people to arms.
Their battle casts a shadow over France...
The socialists could never pass up the chance, surely...
And if Germany is busy in the east, then...
Let them fight...
War in Western Europe
For two decades, Germany and the Third Internationale have been at peace. Despite their ideological opposition to each other, the horrors of the Great War weighed on all - and neither side was prepared to repeat them. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven right: after years of rising revanchism and military expansion, the French government in Paris officially declared that it was no longer bound by the Treaty of Versailles, and has proclaimed revolutionary war to reclaim its lost territory and liberate the German proletariat, with Berlin denouncing France as a rogue state in response. Already, French and German forces have traded fire along Alsace-Lorraine - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
While long anticipated, the outbreak of war between Russia and Germany was a dramatic shock - the last time there was war between the great powers of Europe, it quickly spiralled to include the entire continent. Even if they wouldn't act instantly, all could see that the Third Internationale, Germany's rivals to the west, has been becoming more assertive in recent years.\n\nFollowing some tense weeks, [FRA.GetLeader] made a speech early this morning describing the war as \
Arise, ye prisoners of starvation.
And Britain will be there.
We will do what Kerensky could not.
The final conflict.
Germany, united, has never been defeated.
The revolution will end here.
But if Germany is distracted in the west...
May the Communards choke on their ambitions.
This is it. We'll never get a better chance.
Their war, soon to become ours.
The West looks away...
Germany Invades Russia
For two decades, Germany and Russia have been at peace. Despite the animosity left by Russian defeat in the Great War, the price of 5 years of foreign and civil war was steep - and neither side wished to pay it again. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven right: after years of rising militarisation and challenges to the German world order, Germany has declared that Russia has repeatedly breached the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, and resolved to once more force Russia to abide it. With Russia rejecting the German ultimatum, German forces have been sighted opening engagements across the Russian border, from the Baltics to the Black Sea - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
While long anticipated, the outbreak of war between the Internationale and Germany was a dramatic shock - the last time there was war between the great powers of Europe, it quickly spiralled to include the entire continent. Even if they wouldn't act instantly, it was already obvious that Russia, Germany's long-bitter eastern nemesis, has been growing more belligerent in recent years.\n\nWhat nobody expected was for Germany to be the one to fire first - just today, the German chancellor accused Russia of systematically undermining both the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk and global stability as a whole alongside the Internationale in a naked attempt to reimpose their rule over Eastern Europe - before ordering attacks along the Russian border. Once more, Germany must fight a war on two fronts.
For two decades, Germany and the Third Internationale have been at peace. Despite their ideological opposition to each other, the horrors of the Great War weighed on all - and neither side was prepared to repeat them. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven right: after years of rising militarisation and challenges to the German world order, Germany has accused Russia of repeatedly breaching the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk with the Third Internationale's endorsement, and declared their intent to enforce the treaty. Socialist governments in Europe and beyond are mobilising their armies and vowing to come to Russia's defence - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
They will join Napoleon, then.
This time, we will not stop short.
Ours, again, will be the winning team.
The enemy of my enemy...
They can't be serious!
They will not get away with it for long.
You don't think there's something more important?
A horrible sense of priority!
If Germany is hell-bent on distracting itself...
Hah! May they wear each other to dust.
War in Western Europe
For two decades, Germany and the Third Internationale have been at peace. Despite their ideological opposition to each other, the horrors of the Great War weighed on all - and neither side was prepared to repeat them. Not everyone was convinced that this would last.\n\nToday, the sceptics were proven correct: after years of rising militarisation and challenges to the German world order, Berlin has accused the Internationale of trying to undermine peace and stability in Europe and abroad, and declared its intent to put down its revolutionary governments by force. As Paris and her allies swear vengeance against reaction, French positions near Verdun, Nancy, and more have come under fire once again - the inauguration of the second great war in a generation to shake the continent of Europe.
While long anticipated, the outbreak of war between Russia and Germany was a dramatic shock - the last time there was war between the great powers of Europe, it quickly spiralled to include the entire continent. Even if they wouldn't act instantly, all could see that the Third Internationale, Germany's rivals to the west, has been becoming more assertive in recent years.\n\nWhat nobody expected was for Germany to be the one to fire first - early today, the German chancellor accused the Internationale of orchestrating destabilisation across the world and aiding Russia as part of a \
They will not pass.
We'll keep the red flag flying here.
But this isn't 1917.
They will not escape the tide of history.
This revolution will be crushed.
There was no other choice.
May they never see Paris.
The Commune dooms France to more humiliation.
It took them long enough.
Germany finally corrects its mistake.
Germany overextends itself.
Crisis on the Danube
During the Austro-Hungarian Ausgleich of 1937, the Austrians promised the autonomous states of their empire that the minorities in Transleithania would also receive autonomy. The Hungarians, however, were unwilling to oblige with the dismantlement of their state and privileges within the Monarchy.\n\nIn consequence, the Austrians have announced their intention to both humiliate Hungary and liberate the Slovaks, Transylvanians and Ruthenes by force, and already skirmishes have begun along the Austro-Hungarian border.\n\nOnly time will tell the fate of the former Dual Monarchy.
During the Austro-Hungarian Ausgleich of 1937, the Austrian delegates promised their Hungarian counterparts that the historic Kingdom of Croatia - added to the newly created Kingdom of Illyria a decade ago - would be returned to the Transleithanian half of the Empire. The Hungarians soon attempted to move into Croatia-Slavonia, but were met by Illyrian troops on the border, who refused to allow the Hungarians into their land.\n\nSkirmishes between the Hungarians and Illyrians have now spiralled into a war that pits the two powerhouses of the Dual Monarchy in Austria and Hungary against the former autonomous components, all of which are fearful of renewed Dualism. Galicia-Lodomeria, however, is being eyed by its neighbours...
During the Austro-Hungarian Ausgleich of 1937, the Austrian delegates promised their Hungarian counterparts that the historic Kingdom of Croatia - added to the newly created Kingdom of Illyria a decade ago - would be returned to the Transleithanian half of the Empire.The Hungarians soon demanded that Vienna fulfil their end of the bargain, but the Imperial Government unexpectedly refused. The angered Hungarians attempted to retake Croatia-Slavonia by force, but were rebuffed by the Illyrian troops.\n\nNow Austria has entered the conflict in favour of the Illyrians, vowing to end Hungary's delusions of mastery over the Empire.
The stability of Central Europe is threatened.
The contradictions of imperialism are self-evident.
\
British politician and former Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill has published a new book, part of an emerging genre known as \
What childish fantasy.
The Chilean-Argentinian War!
Tensions have been running high between the two regional powers for years now as the ideological differences drove the nations further and further apart.\n\nSupport by Chile for the FOP in Patagonia and the incapacity of Argentina to quell the rebellion have finally come to blows as a joint offensive by the Argentinian Army and Armada was met with heavy resistance on the Rio Negro with Chilean forces opening fire on the advancing Argentinian troops.
A troubling development.
Argentina will be reunited!
Foundation of the Belgrade Pact
Serbia, Romania and Greece, the three Balkan members of the Entente, all with revanchist views of their own, have recently gathered to a common table of negotiations and have announced the beginning of the Belgrade Pact. While this pact puts a lot of focus on cultural discussion and preserving Balkan identities, it is also a military alliance between the participants, seemingly directed at the country separating them and holding their \
Serbia, Romania and Greece, the three Balkan members of the Entente, all with revanchist views of their own, have recently gathered to a common table of negotiations. While Greece has distanced itself from creating a military alliance, Serbia and Romania have announced the beginning of the Belgrade Pact. This pact puts a lot of focus on cultural discussion and preserving Balkan identities, but it is also seemingly directed at the country on their southern border holding their \
Serbia, Romania and Greece, the three Balkan members of the Entente, all with revanchist views of their own, have recently gathered to a common table of negotiations. While Romania has distanced itself from creating a military alliance, Serbia and Greece have announced the beginning of the Belgrade Pact. This pact puts a lot of focus on cultural discussion and preserving Balkan identities, but it is also seemingly directed at the country separating them and holding their \
Hopefully the Balkans won't start another world war.
Together against Bulgaria!
This can't be good...
The Fourth Balkan War
A country was reborn in the Balkans after the Weltkrieg - Greater Bulgaria, the titan of the peninsula, uniting all Bulgarian lands and beyond. This kingdom for all Bulgarians was born with bloodshed and war, though, defeating Serbia, Greece and Romania in the Weltkrieg, a move that these three nations are still bitter about today.\n\nThis tension led to the formation of the Belgrade Pact, and this alliance of Balkan states has now declared war on the Tsardom, throwing the region into conflict yet again. Will [BUL.GetLeader] save his nation from this overwhelming force, or will his kingdom be divided once more?
What's with the Balkans and war all the time?
Together for victory!
History shall repeat itself once more!
War over Haute-Savoie!
The world has watched with looming apprehension as the Commune of France has made increasingly aggressive demands for control of the Swiss-occupied region of Haute-Savoie. The region has been occupied by Swiss forces since the end of the Weltkrieg, and Bern's refusal to recognise the Communal government in Paris as the rightful owner of the territory has inflamed tensions between the two nations ever since.\n\nToday however, instead of continued negotiations and diplomatic action, it was artillery fire that marked the next steps in negotiations as French troops crossed the border into Switzerland. Negotiations have broken down and it seems the French are willing to retake their prize by force if need be.
In response to revolutionary activity in the western Swiss regions of Romandie and Haute-Savoie, Swiss military forces have moved in to quell the uprising.\n\nThe revolutionaries have requested aid from the neighbouring Commune of France, who issued an ultimatum to the Swiss government in Bern to halt their suppression of Syndicalist elements in the nation. The Swiss government has refused, and the Commune of France has mobilised its forces to support the Swiss revolutionaries.
So ends the peace.
A war for our very survival.
Fight the imperialists!
The French will be destroyed.
Syndicalist Revolutionaries in Switzerland
Chaotic reports are coming from the small mountain republic of Switzerland stating that Syndicalist revolutionaries have entered the capital of Bern. Switzerland has long had a problem with syndicalist activism in its western French-speaking regions of Haute-Savoie and Romandie, but never have they ever had revolutionary forces act so openly against the government.\n\nWith the speed and effectiveness of the revolutionary forces, many suspect the direct involvement of the French Commune, who have long agitated for the cession of French-speaking land.\n\nWhile there is fighting in and around other parts of the country, it seems that Syndicalist forces hold the capital for now.
Chaotic reports are coming from the small mountain republic of Switzerland stating that Syndicalist revolutionaries have seized the western regions of the Romandie and occupied haute-Savoie following a Swiss military crackdown in the region. Supporting the successful Swiss revolutionaries, French troops have quickly moved in to occupy the region, and the Swiss military has held a defensive posture, unwilling to advance into the French guns.\n\nIt seems that the speed of the revolutionary action has caught the Swiss government off guard, and they are unwilling to escalate the violence into a full war with France. It remains to be seen what the Swiss will do next.
How could this have happened?
Break the chains!
Wonderful!
It's right on our border!
The Collapse of the Reichspakt
It appears the unthinkable has occurred! Today, German forces fighting in Europe have finally collapsed under the weight of the invading armies. With nowhere left to run, the Kaiser and his cabinet have met and agreed that a complete surrender was imminent within days.\n\nThe news has thrown their allies into complete disarray, with the structure offered by the Reichspakt alliance completely evaporating. It is clear that the world order which has existed since the end of the First Weltkrieg is about to come to a fiery end.
The Kaiserreich is about to fall...
L'Internationale sera bientôt le genre humain...
Raise the scarlet standard high!
Austria is now the only German power.
The humiliation of Brest-Litovsk has been avenged!
What the Tsar could never achieve...
Now Germany knows what it feels like, to lose everything.
The massacres of the Weltkrieg have been avenged
Peru-Bolivian Confederation Restored
It appears that an old idea has been reborn in South America. The original Confederation between Peru and Bolivia, viewed by its many regional enemies as a potential threat, was torn asunder by a victorious Chile after the Battle of Yungay in 1839. Still, this new Confederation could unlike its predecessor prove able to sustain itself in these unstable times in South America and the wider world.\n\nObservers both overseas and domestic have noted however there are a number of key issues that must be worked out between La Paz and Lima before this new polity can truly be called a united nation.
The dream of Santa Cruz is fulfilled once more.
Austria Intervenes in the Second Weltkrieg
Some military minds in Europe had believed that any inevitable continental war would be over in a matter of months due to powerful new technological advances. However, any lingering delusions about the scale of modern warfare have quickly vanished in the face of the torrid tales of brutality coming out of conflict-ravaged Western Europe.\n\nVienna has looked on with trepidation at the rearmament of the Syndicalist powers for years, but now with open conflict threatening to upturn the balance of power in Europe, they have decided to openly intervene against the Internationale. Already, imperial troops are marching against syndicalist forces, posing a new threat to the world revolution.
It wouldn't be a Weltkrieg without them.
The Russo-Ottoman Convention
Stunning the observers from all across the world, the hitherto top secret Russo-Ottoman Convention was activated tonight as the Russian bear embarked on its war of reclamation in Eastern Europe. The Pact, whose details remain secret even as of today, reportedly includes the division of the Middle East, Central Asia and the Caucasus in Ottoman and Russian spheres of influence and includes a non-aggression pact between Moscow and [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nAlthough the temporary alliance between the two powers comes as a surprise, observers have already been quick to note that it is unlikely to survive very long, as the centuries-old rivals are bound to end up at war eventually.
A most shocking development.
[pact_declares_war_on_aus_title]
The Fifth Balkan War
The Balkan War Spreads
Serbia Declares War on [AUS.GetNameDef]
[pact_declares_war_on_aus_desc]
Although Serbia was defeated in the Weltkrieg and occupied by Austria for almost a decade, they were not crushed forever.\n\nHaving defeated their enemies in Bulgaria and retaken Montenegro and Macedonia, [SER.GetNameDef] looked towards the Southern Slavic lands of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Alongside their allies in Romania and Eastern Europe, the Serbians have now issued Austria-Hungary with an ultimatum to turn over all of their claimed territories to them. The Monarchy has naturally refused, and so the Austrians are once again at war with Serbia. Only time will tell if they will prevail once again, or if the Empire will collapse beneath the weight of its internal and external enemies.
Although Serbia was defeated in the Weltkrieg and occupied by Austria for almost a decade, they were not crushed forever.\n\nWith its allies in Romania and Greece, [SER.GetNameDef] has waged war against [BUL.GetNameDef] in the hope of retaking its lost lands in the south. But it seems that [SER.GetAdjective] irredentism is looking northward too, for the country has now issued [AUS.GetNameDef] with an ultimatum to turn over all of their claimed territories to them. The Monarchy has naturally refused, and so the Austrians are once again at war with Serbia. Only time will tell it they prevail once again, or if the Empire will collapse beneath the weight of its internal and external enemies.
Although Serbia was defeated in the Weltkrieg and occupied by Austria for almost a decade, they were not crushed forever.\n\nIn a shocking reversal of the start of the Weltkrieg, the Kingdom of Serbia has issued an ultimatum to the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy demanding the return of South Slavic territories under Habsburg rule. The Monarchy has naturally refused these demands, and a state of war now exists between the Serbs and the Austrians. Only time will tell if the Serbs will emerge victorious, or if they will suffer a similar fate as during the Weltkrieg.
[pact_declares_war_on_aus_option]
The powderkeg explodes once again.
The war in the Balkans continues to expand.
Will this be the start of a second Weltkrieg?
Liberty or death!
Are we supposed to be frightened?
The Sixth Balkan War
With the defeat of Austria-Hungary at the hands of the Belgrade Pact, the winners began to squabble amongst themselves like they did after the First Balkan War. There are many unsolved questions - West Banat, the Adriatic Coast - and the unstated aim of Balkan dominance shared by the Romanian and the Serbian governments.\n\nOnce again a war in the Balkans has broken out, and only time will tell who will prevail and draw the map of the region for years to come.
It just keeps going!
Our nation will be united!
The Third Weltkrieg
The combined alliance that brought an end to the Syndicalists has come to an end. After a brief but uneasy peace, the Entente leadership has decided that they simply could not coexist with a Reichspakt that continues to dream of dominating Europe. The restored United Kingdom has rallied the various members of the Entente, including the French exiles of Algeria, to launch yet another global war in the hopes of finally reclaiming the Metropole. Once again, in the skies and in the seas, the old battered empires of Europe clash once more.\nThe citizens of the warring powers find themselves in danger like never before, with new and destructive weapons more advanced even than those just used in the Second Weltkrieg. It seems that the world is once more engulfed in a destructive Weltkrieg.
The combined alliance that brought an end to the Syndicalists has come to an end. After a brief but uneasy peace, the Entente leadership has decided that they simply could not coexist with a Reichspakt that continues to dream of dominating Europe. The still-exiled government in Canada has rallied the various members of the Entente, including its French allies who have returned to the Metropole in the aftermath of the last war, to launch yet another global war in the hopes of finally reclaiming Great Britain.\nOnce again, in the skies and in the seas, the old battered empires of Europe clash once more. The citizens of the warring powers find themselves in danger like never before, with new and destructive weapons more advanced even than those used just recently. It seems that the world is once more engulfed in a destructive Weltkrieg.
The defeat of the Third Internationale at the hands of the Reichspakt has led to what observers believed to be the continuation of the German world hegemony. However, the old Entente Alliance never abandoned their hopes of reclaiming their homelands, and they have now resorted to declaring war on Germany. Both sides are willing to put everything on the line and demand nothing less than unconditional surrender from the other.\nWhile oceans may separate the factions, citizens of these warring nations find themselves in danger due to the advent of new deadly weapons surpassing those used in the second great war. While governments across the world may hope for a peaceful return to the antebellum world order - it appears that yet again, another Weltkrieg will erupt.
Observers believed that the collapse of the Third Internationale would usher in the continuation of the German world hegemony. However, the Entente Alliance has never abandoned their hopes of regaining their homelands and has declared war on Germany. While some may doubt the power of the exiled European powers, they are backed by the entire industrial and military might of a restored American nation, which might yet tip the scales against Berlin.\nWhile vast oceans may separate the belligerent powers, citizens of the warring countries still fear for their lives as new and deadlier weapons surpassing those used in the Second Weltkrieg make an appearance. While nations around the world hope for a return to the antebellum world order, it appears another Weltkrieg will engulf the globe in the fires of war.
Despite the formation of a unified coalition that brought the defeat of the Syndicalists, the adversaries of the First Weltkrieg have once again turned to war. Once more the German and French armies fight another in the fields of northern France, and the Royal Navy and Kaiserliche Marine duel on the open seas, as both factions aim to secure hegemony over the world.\nThe citizens of Europe, having recently survived a great war, will be forced to endure a potentially even more deadly war as new weapons and technologies surpassing those used in the Second Weltkrieg appear. While nations around the world hope for a return to the antebellum world order, it seems that yet again another Weltkrieg engulfs the world.
Despite the formation of a unified coalition that brought the defeat of the Syndicalists, the adversaries of the First Weltkrieg have once again turned to war. Once more the German and French armies fight another in the fields of northern France, and the Royal Navy and Kaiserliche Marine duel on the open seas, as both factions aim to secure hegemony over the world.\nWhile observers do not doubt the strength of the German nation, the newly reunified and reinvigorated industrial might of the United States may be all the Entente need for victory. The citizens of Europe, having recently survived a great war, will be forced to endure a potentially even more deadly war as new weapons and technologies surpassing the Second Weltkrieg appear. The world is witness to yet another Weltkrieg, one even more terrifying than those past.
Revenge is a powerful thing.
What hope can they still have?
We beat them in 1919, we can beat them now.
This time we'll win!
Paris Against Moscow
The Second Weltkrieg did not end with Germany's fall, but continued as the Entente and the Internationale clashed in North Africa and in the North Atlantic. Now a renewed hope for the Entente is lit in the forges of the Russian war machine - all along the border between the Russian and French spheres, Sir Winston Churchill's \
The world knew Europe slept uneasily after the German defeat. With the victory by the Third Internationale over the colonial empires in Africa and Central Europe, only Russia could stand in the way of Syndicalist world domination. Now the Russian and French ideological systems, forged from the ashes of defeat by Germany, will clash in a struggle for world order so bloody it seems like to put the Second Weltkrieg to shame.\n\nBeyond the frontlines, the citizens of the warring powers are in danger like never before, with the advent of aerial death machines that threaten to obliterate whole cities within hours of declarations of war. As both sides mobilise, the few remnants of the pre-war peace wonder - will Europe ever rest?
Evidently not.
We will crush the Revolution, just like 1814!
It's the final struggle!
With the Russians on our side, victory is assured!
The Second Sino-Japanese War
Tensions had long been rising between China and Japan, the latter supporting the rival Fengtian Clique in Manchuria as a way to defend their interests in the region. Seeing the Japanese distracted by their war for Germany's East Asian colonies, [CUF.GetLeader] made a bold gamble by declaring war on Japan and [716.owner.GetAdjective] allies.\n\nThough still heavily divided among themselves, public pressure has forced many warlord governments to band together into a Chinese United Front to fight Japan in their moment of vulnerability. The United Front still faces long odds, but they hope to have caught the Japanese overstretched. It remains to be seen if Tokyo or [CUF.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] made the greater mistake.
Tensions had long been rising between China and Japan, the latter supporting the rival Fengtian Clique in Manchuria as a way to defend their interests in the region. When war broke out between the Fengtian and [china.GetNameDef], it was haunted by the prospect of Japanese intervention, should [FNG.GetLeader] fail to deliver success.\n\nAs the war dragged on and the Fengtian Government found victory slipping further and further away, these fears were vindicated when they were forced to call upon their benefactor in Tokyo for aid. [china.GetLeader] has already denounced [FNG.GetLeader] as a \
Tensions had long been rising between China and Japan, the latter supporting the rival Fengtian Clique in Manchuria as a way to defend their interests in the region. Although Tokyo had made it clear that they would not allow any Chinese encroachment on their sphere of influence in Manchuria, [china.GetNameDef] was undeterred, denouncing \
Japanese interests have long been tied to Manchuria, with Tokyo providing military and economic aid to the ruling Fengtian Clique in return for Zhang Zuolin, its leader, promising to respect Japanese interests. This relationship, however, was fraught with difficulty as Marshal Zuolin attempted to keep the Japanese at arm's length.\n\nNow, [FNG.GetNameDef]'s refusal to accommodate any further Japanese demands has led to a breakdown in the relationship between the two countries. The Empire of Japan has vowed to remove [FNG.GetLeader], declaring his current administration \
Negotiations have broken down between Japan and [china.GetNameDef], after the Chinese stated that they would no longer tolerate Japanese intrusion into the continent. Reports from Japan indicate that the country is more than willing to launch a full-fledged invasion of China for the first time in nearly fifty years.\n\nAs troops begin to clash, China's survival seems grim given the power and superiority of the Japanese war machine. The nation now faces the greatest peril in her two millennia long history as the Western intervention seems unlikely, those powers struggling to fight off their own crises. The Battle for China will prove whether or not Japan's plans for a \
Wansui!
Banzai!
The fate of China is at stake
The Lithuanian-Belarusian Federation
Eastern Europe has seen many states rise and fall since the Great War, but none could have predicted the region's newest member to be [BLR.GetNameDef]. Despite the differences between the two nations, the Belarusian government worked tirelessly to mend them together, promising autonomy and that both be equals.\n\nEventually, all was set in place for [BLR.GetLeader] to announce the formation of [BLR.GetNameDef], a union between the two countries that supposedly can trace it origins to the days of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The Federation's future may be unknown, but it is certain that Belarus and Lithuania have had their fates intertwined.
Eastern Europe has seen many states rise and fall since the Great War, but none could have predicted the region's newest member to be [LIT.GetNameDef]. Despite the differences between the two nations, the Lithuanian government worked tirelessly to mend them together, promising autonomy and that both be equals.\n\nEventually, all was set in place for [LIT.GetLeader] to announce the formation of [LIT.GetNameDef], a union between the two countries that supposedly can trace it origins to the days of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. The Federation's future may be unknown, but it is certain that Belarus and Lithuania have had their fates intertwined.
Excellent!
How unexpected.
French Exiles Intervene in the Weltkrieg
The French Civil War Restarts
After two decades of plotting their homecoming, the French exiles in Algeria have decided to seize the initiative and take advantage of the ongoing Weltkrieg by declaring war against the member countries of the Third Internationale.\n\nWith the revolutionary alliance busy fighting Germany, the forces of the Entente believe they now have a chance to return home and crush the revolutions that ousted them once and for all. Despite the Entente's rhetoric, whether or not the old imperial powers will be able to even land on their mainlands is an open question, and depends in large part on their old German foe's luck and generosity.
While, nominally, the world has been largely at peace since the British Revolution of 1925, the truth is that a war had been left to wait. Following the Great War, the revolutions in Britain, France, and Italy did not destroy their old governments, but merely sent them overseas, preparing for a final confrontation ever since.\n\nThat confrontation seems at hand. Mere hours ago, the Marine National's Mediterranean patrols suddenly changed their bearings - directly towards Communard waters. While maritime standoffs between the French governments aren't unheard of, the approaching vessels are making no attempt to change course. Already, Communard forces have been placed on high alert, aware that their war is no longer waiting.
We shall come back home!
They might become useful to us...
Those reactionaries are barely a nuisance,\nwe will crush them with ease.
The Entente really doesn't give up.
Canada Intervenes in the Weltkrieg
War in the North Atlantic
After the end of the British revolution, the new Syndicalist government in London found itself staring down the old government-in-exile in Ottawa across the Atlantic for a decade and a half, neither side particularly willing nor able to break the tense peace which followed.\n\nToday this strange status quo has finally collapsed, as the Canadian government declared that they shall wait no longer to \
While, nominally, the world has been largely at peace since the British Revolution of 1925, the truth is that a war had been left to wait. Following the Great War, the revolutions in Britain, France, and Italy did not destroy their old governments, but merely sent them overseas, preparing for a final confrontation ever since.\n\nThat confrontation seems at hand. Earlier today, Canadian warships began forcibly seizing a number British merchant vessels crossing the Atlantic, in what seems like a coordinated move. While posturing between the two navies is known to happen, this time it seems that the Royal Navy is not withdrawing - and instead moving with intent towards Republican waters. The Republican Navy has responded in kind: their war is no longer waiting.
It's our only chance to return home!
Seems like we won't be the only ones\nmanaging a two-front war, then.
They can't crush the revolution!\nWe'll beat them again!
Will the Entente be defeated again,\nor will the revolution crack?
The Eastern Seas War
Over the last century, Asia has become a continent largely dominated by Western powers, and though those exact powers have changed from London and Paris to Berlin, that fact has remained unchanged, much to the ire of Tokyo. Now, though, this status-quo threatens to shatter as [JAP.GetNameDef] and [GER.GetNameDef] go to war.\n\nDespite hopes for peace, many have seen this turn of events as inevitable. Japanese plans for an Asia centred around itself were always incompatible with German domination in the region, and with the West engulfed in crisis, Tokyo's leaders doubted whether another chance to realise these ambitions may appear. Whichever side fortune may favour, one thing is for certain - Asia's future hangs in the balance.
Over the last century, Asia has become a continent largely dominated by Western powers, and though those exact powers have changed from London and Paris to Berlin, that fact has remained unchanged, much to the ire of Tokyo. Now, though, this status-quo seems on the verge of shattering. After the fall of the German Empire, it was inevitable that Japan would not wait long to attempt to achieve her long held ambitions of expelling the colonial powers from Asia.\n\nReports from Tokyo confirm that [JAP.GetNameDef] and [GEA.GetNameDef] have gone to war, and though leaders in [GEA.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] are already scrambling to prepare defences against the IJA, with the head cut off the snake, the question for many is not \
Asia's liberation draws near!
Singapore will never fall!
Can the Germans hold out this time?
The Congress of Lyon
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions, to pay an indemnity, to allow German forces unlimited access to French territory, to enter Mitteleuropa, along with accepting the loss of Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions, to pay an indemnity, to allow German forces unlimited access to French territory, to enter Mitteleuropa, along with accepting the loss of Pas-de-Calais and Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions, to pay an indemnity, to allow German forces unlimited access to French territory, along with accepting the loss of Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions, to pay an indemnity, to allow German forces unlimited access to French territory, along with accepting the loss of Pas-de-Calais and Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions and to pay an indemnity, along with accepting the loss of Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions and to pay an indemnity, along with accepting the loss of Pas-de-Calais and Brittany. Many see the results as strongly favouring Berlin.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions and to pay an indemnity.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions and to pay an indemnity, along with accepting the loss of Pas-de-Calais. Whatever the case, the exiles have returned.
Though [GER.GetNameDef] and [NFA.GetNameDef] had fought together against the Communards, they were unable to agree on a postwar settlement, leaving France's fate uncertain. But with Berlin unwilling to carry out a costly occupation, and Algiers desiring to see Paris, both met at Lyon to hammer out an agreement.\n\nThe resulting Congress of Lyon has proven successful. German forces will end their occupation, while [NFA.GetNameDef] has agreed to various military restrictions and to pay an indemnity. Many see the results as strongly favouring Algiers.
The rightful government has returned!
A triumph of diplomacy!
Why couldn't they agree sooner?
Has Algiers no dignity!?
1936 Dublin Olympics
The eleventh Olympic Games were recently held in Dublin, Ireland.\n\nShowcasing the capital of the young republic, the games have proven a large source of pride for her. Once again, French and British delegates have been absent, the Syndicalist powers unrecognised by the International Olympic Committee and exile governments lacking men to send.\n\nGerman and American athletes have seen the most success, closely tied with 27 and 26 medals, while Irish athletes have performed above average, winning 9 medals.
Ireland wins again!
Let's hope we can participate in the next Olympics...
Elitist nonsense.
We did our best!
1940 Tokyo Olympics
The twelfth Olympic Games were planned to be held in Tokyo, Japan, yet circumstances have brought about their cancellation.\n\nAs [JAP.GetNameDef] has found herself at war, funds for hosting the games have been unavailable while concerns over the safety of the athletes have been raised. For the first time since the Great War, the Olympics are cancelled.\n\nThe Japanese government has attempted to lobby the International Olympic Committee to host the next set of games, yet is unclear if the games will survive past the crisis.
The twelfth Olympic Games were planned to be held in Tokyo, Japan, yet circumstances have brought about their cancellation.\n\nAs [JAP.GetNameDef] rebuilds itself in the aftermath of defeat in war, funds for hosting the games have been unavailable. For the first time since the Great War, the Olympics are cancelled.\n\nThe Japanese government has attempted to lobby the International Olympic Committee to host the next set of games, yet is unclear if the games will survive past the crisis.
The twelfth Olympic Games were recently held in Tokyo, Japan.\n\nBeing the first non-Western nation to host the event, the Japanese government has poured considerable resources into ensuring that it reflects well upon them. Although recent international disturbances had brought the feasibility of holding the games into question, they have gone through nonetheless, though with considerably fewer nations present compared to the past games.\n\nGerman and American athletes have seen the most success, earning 32 and 21 medals, while Japanese athletes have performed above average, winning 16 medals.
The twelfth Olympic Games were recently held in Tokyo, Japan.\n\nBeing the first non-Western nation to host the event, the Japanese government has poured considerable resources into ensuring that it reflects well upon them. Although recent international disturbances had brought the feasibility of holding the games into question, they have gone through nonetheless, though with considerably fewer nations present compared to the past games.\n\nGerman athletes have seen the most success, earning 34 medals, while Japanese athletes have performed above average, winning 16 medals. Due to the ongoing American Civil War, the United States has not participated.
The twelfth Olympic Games were recently held in Tokyo, Japan.\n\nBeing the first non-Western nation to host the event, the Japanese government has poured considerable resources into ensuring that it reflects well upon them. Although recent international disturbances had brought the feasibility of holding the games into question, they have gone through nonetheless, though with considerably fewer nations present compared to the past games.\n\nAmerican athletes have seen the most success, earning 34 medals, while Japanese athletes have performed above average, winning 16 medals. Due to the ongoing war, [GER.GetNameDef] has not participated.
The twelfth Olympic Games were recently held in Tokyo, Japan.\n\nBeing the first non-Western nation to host the event, the Japanese government has poured considerable resources into ensuring that it reflects well upon them. Although recent international disturbances had brought the feasibility of holding the games into question, they have gone through nonetheless, though with considerably fewer nations present compared to the past games.\n\nWith American and German athletes absent, the Russian and Japanese teams have won the most medals, earning 26 and 22 respectively.
This isn't right, that was ours!
Better luck next time...
Another great performance!
The Internationale is Reformed
London and Paris, the beating hearts of the Socialist and Syndicalist Internationale, have since fallen by the reactionary forces, in a major blow to the worldwide socialist cause. In the time since, socialist thinkers have taken to criticising syndicalism itself, questioning whether it can function as an effective revolutionary force.\n\nRegardless, it seems the socialist cause is not dead yet - a new Internationale has arisen from the ashes of the old. The [INT.GetName] has taken the mantle of revolution, with [INT.GetLeader] claiming that they will avenge their fallen comrades in western Europe.\n\nTime will be the ultimate judge, as only the days after tomorrow will tell us if they succeed, or fall again like their predecessors...
Avenge the Ville Lumière!
Delusions of demagogues...
The parasites scatter!
