Sao Paulo Focus Tree
São Paulo
Paulista
São Paulo
Union of Guarujá
Guarujaian
the Union of Guarujá
Union of Guarujá
Guarujaian
the Union of Guarujá
Union of Guarujá
Guarujaian
the Union of Guarujá
São Paulo
Paulista
São Paulo
PSD
Partido Social Democrata
PRP
Partido Republicano Paulista
PDP
Partido Democratico Paulista
JAP
Junta de Administração Paulista
PPI
Partido Paulista Independente
PLD
Partido Liberal Democrata
PLP
Partido Liberal Paulista
FAP
Federação Anarquista Paulista
PSP
Partido Sindicalista Paulista
PMP
Partido Maximalista Paulista
Birth of a Nation
To watch a strong land broken down is a terrible thing, and Sao Paulo has long chafed under rule from without. As some advocated in the first War Between the States, we have now separated fully from Brazil; a nation is in birth!
Administrative Rebuilding
Without the civil administration of the old regime, many expected facets of normal governance are totally non-functional. We must formally assess the situation and begin to remedy it.
The Paulista Constitution
Our new nation relies heavily on the political legacy of Brazil. However, just as our new nation is distinct from that old rotten corpse, so too mut we have a distinct founding document. A new constitution must be drafted.
Immigration Incentives
Immigration, especially skilled immigration, has been key to our regional prosperity to the present day. We must encourage immigrants to once again seek our shores.
Terra Roxa
Terra Roxa, abandoned two decades ago after intensive exploitation and development, must be repopulated quickly. New migrants should be incentivised to settle in the area.
Republican Tradition
Throughout the old Empire, Sao Paulo was the heartland of Republicanism and regionalism. That history must be invoke to inspire popular confidence in the new Republic.
Terra do Trabalho
The spirit of hardwork is alive in Sao Paulo like nowhere else in Brazil. With those freeriders from other regions off our backs we can promote this ethos throughout the land.
Bandeirante Legacy
We must claim the mantel of the Bandeirante's, promoting the same rugged ethos that brought civilisation to much of Brazil.
Standardised Education
Various localities have their own standards of education, some even operate in languages of immigrant groups rather than the national language. This must change. The entire school system must be assessed and a standard curriculum developed.
Primeiros Paulistas
The essence of what it means to be a Paulista must be reduced to its primary tenets in order to better assimilate immigrants and promote a national consciousness.
New Institutions
What is required for the administration of a state is insufficient for a nation. We must expand the bureaucracy.
Moral & Civica
The law must respect social norms and promote cohesion. Where morality and law conflict, the law must adapt to morality. Such is the way of Sao Paulo.
The Toucan Reforms
A select few administrative offices wield disproportionate influence within the government. They must be put in their place.
Paulista Nationalism
Regional pride must evolve into nationalism as is practices elsewhere in the world. A great campaign must be undertaken. The people must think of themselves as Paulistas alone, not Brazilians!
Paulista Exceptionalism
Our people's commonly held belief in the superiority of regional culture was long derided by those from other regions of Brazil. No more! Is it not apparent that Paulistas possess an exceptional work ethic and morality?
The Army of São Paulo
With the process of political reform begun, the most important national institution must be further developed: the army.
National Munitions Factory
Arms production is decentralised and reliant upon outdated infrastructure. We must invest in a modern state armaments factory.
Artillery Production
The guns of the Weltkrieg were a sight to behold, their destruction unparalleled. Since then, artillery has only advanced further. We must acquire similarly capable pieces.
Improvised Mechanisation
Where resources are lacking, the industrious people of Sao Paulo have always overcome. Similarly, while we lack capable armour designs, impromptu models developed by civilians can serve to further our understanding of this technology and precipitate combat worthy designs.
Military Industrial Powerhouse
With national institutions of design and production of military equipment functioning well, further funding can be granted for their expansion.
Militia Recruiting
Rural regions require a disproportionate military presence to govern effectively. To save manpower, local governments should be granted the authority to form local militias to act in the army's stead.
Aviation Pioneers
Sao Paulo was the birthplace of Brazilian aviation. Let us take to the skies once again and develop new craft for our fledgling air force.
Bomber Designs
An enemy whose home or base of operations has been destroyed utterly shall not fight well. Our safety can only be assured with the ability to inflict such destruction.
Air Superiority
To ensure our heavy craft reach their targets, they must have support. We should develop more advanced fighters to serve in that essential role for even the most distant missions.
Officer Staff
Our military leadership is overly centralised with few well-trained junior officers to implement sound battlefield tactics. This must change.
Avante Paulistas!
The militias have been a tremendous success. As their role in society is growing, they must adhere to the same standards of training and conduct as the regular armed forces.
Doctrine Effort
With a glut of junior officers and the militias established, we should now seek to refine our way of war.
Economic Rebuilding
Ties severed from the rest of Brazil, our economy has suffered greatly. We must address the fundamental problems which plague it.
Seize Foreign Lands
Much of our nation is owned by those from other regions of Brazil. They are no longer our brothers but enemies and their holdings should be returned to nation.
Rescue Coffee Production
The coffee industry has suffered greatly from the collapse of Brazil. This key sector will need generous state support to weather the storm.
Further Coffee Incentives
The coffee industry has made a tentative recovery. With appropriate policies and more funding, it will certainly flourish.
Plantation Projects
The international market for agricultural products shifts incredibly quickly. We must setup a plantations meant to capitalise on recent trends.
Agricultural Mechanisation
Naturally, labour is more productive in Sao Paulo than less developed regions of Brazil. Let us redoubled this advantage and subsidise the mechanisation of individual farms and plantations.
Pecuaria Paulista
The underdeveloped west is home to a great expanse of fertile plains fit for ranching. With some subsidy to get the industry off the ground, beef will again become one of our major exports.
Horsemanship Training
Our promotion of ranching has built upon our nation's strong tradition of equine tradition. Let us work with ranchers and other masters of the horse to improve our cavalry.
Seize Foreign Industries
The largest factories and railways are owned by foreigners both Brazilian and otherwise. Our new nation requires such assets to thrive.
The Santos Shipyards
The city of Santos possesses the largest port in our nation. Naturally, our nation's future navy should be constructed here. Let us invest in the requisite facilities.
Submarine Experiments
Submarines, also called U-Boats, were key to German victory in the Weltkrieg. We would be wise to develop our own.
Coastal Protection
Infiltration by submarines and small craft cannot be entirely prevented by a traditional surface fleet. To guard the coast, we must develop specialised destroyers and torpedo boats.
The New São Paulo
The dreadnought Sao Paulo, named after our fair land, was one of the mightiest ships to ever sail for Brazil. We must have such an illustrious flagship of our own.
Paulista Railways
Some of the less developed areas of our nation lack railways entirely. This issue must be fixed if we intend for these areas to ever become productive.
BANSPA
The national bank of Sao Paulo should be restructured to better suit our needs as a nation rather than a state of Brazil.
The Locomotive Without Dead Weight
The sheer size of Brazil led to the creation of suboptimal railways networks meant to funnel Paulistas to other regions. Key railways junctions must be redesigned to our present needs.
Taxation Reforms
The tax structure of our region is woefully antiquated and favours the wealthy over the common man. For the good of all, we must institute sweeping changes.
Urbanisation Efforts
While we seek to colonise the rural regions, the cities cannot be depopulated. All non-metropolitan municipalities should be subordinate to urbanised areas to encourage their gradual urbanisation.
Industrial Expansion
With the rail system improved, we can develop more robust heavy and medium industry.
Basic Material Industry
Though are nation is not rich in iron, it does have the capacity to produce some steel, essential for any military. We must subsidise the industry.
Technical Expertise
To improve our understanding of advanced industrial techniques, we should hire foreign experts and advisors.
Higher Learning Centres
While Sao Paulo already posses a fair number of universities, state institutions focused on research, especially military research, are few. We should fund the construction of several such facilities.
Encouraged Immigration
Sao Paulo has been a hub for settlers from Europe and Asia, contributing greatly to economic growth. The new Paulista state has adopted loose immigration restrictions and actively recruits skilled workers from abroad.
Immigration To Terra Roxa
Sao Paulo has been a hub for settlers from Europe and Asia, contributing greatly to economic growth. The new Paulista state has adopted loose immigration restrictions and actively recruits skilled workers from abroad. The government encourages immigration to the region of Terra Roxa in particular.
Paulista Work Ethic
The people of Sao Paulo work particularly long hours and have the highest productivity in South America.
Bandeirante Legacy
The legacy of the Bandeirantes who operated from Sao Paulo centuries ago is alive today.
Moral Society
Paulistas tend to be exceptionally moralistic and fervent in their beliefs.
Paulista Exceptionalism
The idea that the people of Sao Paulo and their form of government is intrinsically superior to their neighbours has taken hold among the people. This has encouraged Paulistas to work harder to meet the high standards placed upon them by society.
Paulista Militia
Localities throughout Sao Paulo are encouraged to form militias commanded by the national army.
Avante!
The nation of Sao Paulo bristles with spines. The militias and the armed forces swell with zealous volunteers.
Recovering Coffee Industry
With independence the coffee industry in Sao Paulo collapsed. With state support it is now back on its feet.
Coffee Boom
A far cry from the turmoil of Sao Paulo's independence, the coffee industry is booming.
Pecuaria Paulista
While not as sizeable as the ranching industries found in other parts of Brazil, Sao Paulo has begun to subsidise the industry to some effect.
Cavalry Tradition
Light quick cavalry units, now increasingly motorised, are of particular importance to the army of Sao Paulo.
BANSPA
The Bank of Sao Paulo has implemented effective financial policy.
Carlist Spain Focus Tree
$SPA_totalist_party$
$SPA_totalist_party_long$
$SPA_syndicalist_party$
$SPA_syndicalist_party_long$
$SPA_radical_socialist_party$
$SPA_radical_socialist_party_long$
$SPA_social_democrat_party$
$SPA_social_democrat_party_long$
$SPA_social_liberal_party$
$SPA_social_liberal_party_long$
$SPA_market_liberal_party$
$SPA_market_liberal_party_long$
$SPA_social_conservative_party$
$SPA_social_conservative_party_long$
$SPA_authoritarian_democrat_party$
$SPA_authoritarian_democrat_party_long$
$SPA_paternal_autocrat_party$
$SPA_paternal_autocrat_party_long$
CTC
Comunión Tradicionalista Carlista (Carlist Traditionalist Communion)
Mediterranean Economic Cooperation
To aid in the economic development of aligned Catholic nations in the Mediterranean, Spain and its allies have formed an economic pact in hopes of joint economic prosperity.
Leader of the Mediterranean Pact
To aid in the economic development of aligned Catholic nations in the Mediterranean, Spain and its allies have formed an economic pact in hopes of joint economic prosperity.
Requeté
The Carlist Requetés have had a long history, arguably dating all the way back to the first Carlist War. Throughout this time they have served many different functions, and now after being revived following a period of dormancy they serve their king as the nation's shock troops.
Guardia Real
Much of Spain's police forces sided with the Alfonsists during the civil war. As a result, a new Royal Guard has been established to serve in their place where necessary.
Devoted Officers
Those who are promoted to the ranks of officers in the new Spanish army are promoted based off their devotion to their king and to their Catholic faith, setting an example for the junior soldiers beneath them.
Word of God
Radios have been credited with saving the lives of many Spanish soldiers, earning them the nickname of 
The Final Push
The civil war is quickly reaching its conclusion and the Carlist commanders have issued a final all out offensive to finally crush their socialist and Alfonsist opponents in hopes of finally taking the throne.
Canadian Advisors
French Advisors
Carlism
Having finally achieved power in Spain after over a century of their cause, the Carlists have begun a complete transformation of Spanish society with a major focus on tradition and adherence to the Catholic faith.
Syndicalist Resistance
Despite their defeat in the civil war, the socialists of Spain have not yet given up their resistance against the victorious government.
Reactionary Resistance
Despite their defeat in the civil war, anti-socialist groups have not yet given up their resistance against the victorious government.
Assassinate Infante Juan
Infante Juan is King Alfonso's regent, as well as his heir. His death would throw [SPA.GetNameDef] into disarray and give us time to knock them out of the civil war completely!
Restauración
Now that we have won the civil war, we must first focus on entrenching the newly restored legitimate branch of the House of Borbón. A significant period of reconstruction will be needed to repair the lives of the king's subjects, but soon Spain shall have restored itself to greatness.
Dios
Dios or Faith in God and the Catholic church is a central tenet of Carlism. The Kings of Spain have long had the title of Catholic Monarch and Catholic Majesty though they have not always lived up to these titles. We on the other hand shall live up to these titles.
Patria
Fatherland is what binds all Spaniards together. Spain is not just a nation, it is the community of the faithful Catholics who honour tradition and live according to the laws and customs of its ancestors, as tradition dictates. Liberalism has only brought the freedom to sin, to degenerate and the libertinism to defy Holy Name of God. Our nation emerges from the natural law of human communities, and as such will be recognised.
Heal the Soul of our Nation
Despite languishing under the rule of Liberals, Secularists and Anarchists for decades, Spain's Soul still remains as our recent success has shown. Though the process will take a long time, under our rule Spain can finally prosper and the rift between the crown and the people of Spain will disappear.
Crusade against Syndicalism
Spain was on the brink of falling to the godless enemies of Christendom but we answered the call of nation and Mother Church. Under the banners of the Sacred Heart, the Requetes shall march against the remaining traitors!
Integrate Alfonsist Remnants
Though misguided in their struggle against us, the Alfonsists have far more in common with us than the anarchists. With our shared beliefs in God, King and Country, it will not be difficult to ally them and bring peace to this troubled land.
Royal Unity
Throughout this period of healing and reconcillation our nation has had to go through, our King has acted as a uniting beacon of stability. No matter the political changes or disagreements we experience, [SPR.getleader] and his successors will always be with us to guide our nation forward.
Rey
The concept of national sovereignty is rejected. Sovereignty is vested on the king, both legitimate in blood and in deeds. But this power is limited by the doctrine of the Church and the Laws and Usages of the Kingdom, and through a series of Councils, traditional Cortes and state-independent intermediate bodies.
Fueros
Natural law and its justice tells us to treat the equal as equal and the unequal as unequal. This is determined by the traditional charters respected by the king and his subjects. Abolished by Elisabeth II almost a century ago, now is the time to rebirth traditional law and recover the right laws that bind our community together.
National Catholicism
The rules and teachings of the Catholic church will be part of the Law of the Kingdom. The church will have pride of place in making the laws while the king will make sure that the church is protected.
Cortes Españolas
The Cortes Españolas will be the new legislature of the kingdom of Spain representing not a liberal parliament but the ancient and traditional cortes that existed since the medieval era. The Cortes Españolas will be the highest law of the land and the King will be no figurehead in deciding the laws here.
Viva El Rey!
At long last the conflicts that have plagued our country are over and we can bask in the joy that comes with peace. Throughout Spain many of our subjects are cheering \
Rebuilding the Economy
The economy of Spain has been completely destroyed by our recent troubles. Now that the situation has stabilised, it is now time for us to rebuild.
Expand the Railroads
Railroads have been one of the main sources of infrastructure for Spain since their introduction in the last century. As we rebuild the economy, we should rebuild and modernise the Spanish railroads.
Extract Natural Resources
Spain has an abundance of minerals that can be exploited. We should survey the land for new deposits and export these minerals abroad. Of particular interest is Galician tungsten. There is great potential to be found there.
Provincial Rebuilding
We should look at rebuilding the various provinces and let their economy improve and recover.
Military Investments
We should have military companies invest in the various provinces. Not only will this help provide jobs for the King's subjects but it will also help the military production for the future wars.
Commercial Subsidies
The many private companies that are at the heart of the Spanish economy have been torn apart and left in ruins following both Black Monday and the Civil War. By providing government subsidies to these businesses we can ensure they get back on their feet and bring back the jobs our people so desperately need
Electrification Programme
In order to help improve the economy we should look at electrifying the country of Spain. This shall have over time beneficial impacts for the Spanish economy.
Ley General de Educación
In order to improve the quality of education for Spaniards across the country, a new law has been passed. The law modernises the education system, as well as making attendance mandatory for all Spaniards for at least 14 years. This will vastly improve the quality of education in Spain.
Expand Real Academia
The Royal Academies are the highest education schools within Spain. Many often specialise in one particular field or connected fields, such as science, medicine, history, language and so on. We should make sure that they get the funding needed to provide education for Spain.
Royal Industrial Charters
As part of this period of reconstruction we will need a much larger industrial base than currently exists in the nation. To facilitate this, royal charters should be provided to the companies who have most supported our cause to aid in their further expansion and grant them an air of prestige that will attract further investment.
Instituto Nacional de Industria
The Instituto Nacional de Industria or National Institute of Industry, is a state run corporation created to help develop the Spanish economy and improve the state's self-sufficiency.
Modern Agriculture
The many small farm estates of the countryside have struggled during the recent troubles we have faced, as they have been unable to adopt new agricultural technologies and methods of cultivation. We should subsidise the import of modern agricultural equipment to jump start this process.
Expand the Arms Industry
War will likely come to Spain in the future. The godless Commune of France sits just across the Pyrenees after all. Thus in order to prepare for that future war, we should build new military factories.
Labour Charter
The state has announced the creation of a Labour Charter. This charter helps protect the realm's subjects from godless Syndicalism by providing a conservative welfare programme and recognising some worker's rights, nipping the growth of further Syndicalism in the bud.
Catholic Trade Unions
Trade unions are unfortunately rather important in the modern economy, and we cannot simply get rid of them completely. However instead of alienating them we should instead promote Catholic trade unions as an alternative. This will help give us greater control over the working classes as well as help deradicalise the unions that sided with the godless syndicalists.
Spanish Miracle
At long last the Spanish economy has been rebuilt. Throughout Spain, the people are hard at work while also enjoying the newfound economic prosperity throughout the realm.
Join the Entente
The Portuguese and the French are some of the last true Catholics left in the Mediterranean with the rise of godless Syndicalism and as they are aligned with the Entente we should seek to also join their alliance to strengthen our bonds and aid their fight against Syndicalism.
Iberian Friendship
We should cultivate the ties with the Portuguese who protected us during our persecutions. Spain and Portugal shall always be closely connected and friends as shall our monarchs be close together.
French Advisors
The years France has spent in exile in Algiers has led to the development of advanced amphibious assault techniques, all in service of reclaiming the mainland. We should ask our French friends to share their knowledge with us, so we too can aid their plans.
Canadian Advisors
Canada has been the heart of the British Empire in terms of industrial development and military advancement since the loss of the Home Isles. We should seek support from their IEDC and ISAC to aid Spain in our own developments in these fields.
Mediterranean Economic Union
A plan has come forward to promote economic cooperation with the Mediterranean countries in the Entente. This economic alliance, officially called the Mediterranean Economic Union (though sometimes called the Mediterranean Pact), will promote economic growth and support for the members that sign on to it.
Entente Doctrinal Development
The Entente is a global alliance with members experienced in all forms of combat in virtually every theatre that exists across the world. By working with our allies and combining together their advanced knowledge, we can develop new doctrines for every single branch of our armed forces, greatly aiding both our own goals and the ambitions of our allies.
Legión Española
The army of Spain was one of the greatest armies in the world. With the outbreak of civil war in our nation and the splintering of the remaining army we should use this as an opportunity to reform the soldiers loyal to us into a new army, the Legión Española.
Modern Tercio
During the Spanish Golden Age the Tercio was the backbone of the Spanish Army. We should look at modernise our Army to be the modern Terico. With these reforms our army will once again be the envy of the world.
Requeté
The Requetés have long been part of the Carlist army since the first Carlist War. While they were originally militias, we should look at reforming them into the elite force of the new Spanish army. Their high religious fervour and their distinctive red berets shall serve as an inspiration to the rest of the troops.
Artillery Effort
In order to improve the army we should look at improving the artillery. Artillery will play a role in future conflicts and we should look to making sure that our army has the best equipment and the most skilled men.
Guardia Real
Historically the Guardia Real has served as the Royal Guards of the ruler of Spain, protecting them from both internal and external threats. As much of the Royal Guard stayed loyal to Alfonso despite his illegitimate control of the throne, it is the perfect time to establish a new loyal Royal Guard dedicated to serving the true King of Spain against his enemies.
Virtus et Labor
Success and victory does not come to those who are slothful, but to the hard workers who devote themselves to God. To win the ongoing war all of our workers must be fully committed to the cause, and syndicalist concepts like 'workplace safety guidelines' must be abandoned if our cause is to succeed.
Devoted Officers
The new Spanish Army shall be known for its devoted officers, soldiers devoted equally both to their King and to their Catholic faith. These officers will provide an excellent example for the rest of our troops, allowing them to fight on no matter the odds.
Word of God
The radio has been a useful tool saving many a soldier's life during the civil war, leading to their nickname of the \
Break the Walls of Jericho
As the Walls of old Jericho fell to the righteous soldiers of God, so too will the defences of our enemies. Our grand railway artillery shall serve as our trumpets, with a loud shout their frontlines will crumble.
Army of Manoeuvre
We should make sure that our brigades have enough support teams within to be effective. Be they artillery, medical, radio, logistic or any other companies by intermixing regular troops with support companies, the Spanish army shall never falter.
Spanish Auto Industry
We should look at modernising the Automotive industry of the Spanish Army. Mechanised warfare will require better trucks and automobiles, which will help in getting supplies to our troops as well as increasing the mobility of our soldiers.
Armoured Warfare Tactics
The Weltkrieg showed to everybody the potential use of tanks. Combined with motorised or mechanised support, tanks can excel at the purpose they were designed to achieve; to catch the enemy by surprise. Unlike in the Weltkrieg, where tanks were massive and vulnerable targets, a much more mobile approach is needed.
Navarran Lancers
During the first Carlist War, the lancers from Navarra were some of the best cavalry troops that the armies had. It therefore seems fitting to revive this legacy with our tank brigades. They shall be our elite troops, and the tip of the spear of the Spanish Army.
Request Entente Tank Shipments
If we are to win this ongoing war, we will need as many tanks as possible deployed to the battlefield. Our allies in the Entente still have significant stockpiles of tanks that haven't seen action since their revolutions, which we can likely convince them to send to us instead so that they may finally be of use once again.
A Catholic Army
Regardless of the particular reforms that we have decided upon, the one thing that we can say is that the Army of Spain is a Catholic army, from the highest of generals to the most lowly of soldiers. God shall be with the army of Spain.
Armada Española
During the Spanish golden age, the Spanish Armada was the greatest fleet in the world. Its ship sailed the oceans and we ruled the waves. We should modernise our fleet and restore our navy to its former glory.
Dirección General de la Marina Mercante
The Spanish Navy was famous for its merchants, Spanish galleons filled with gold and other goods from the Americas would flow back daily to the mainland. We should rekindle our mercantile spirit and build a modern merchant marine for the Spanish Navy.
Devoted Captains
All of our ships should have dedicated Catholic chaplains to aid the sailors in matters of faith. Moreover we shall make sure that our captains and admirals are foremostly dedicated to God, before we consider their individual merit, as devotion is truly paramount to victory.
Infantería de Marina
The Infantería de Marina is the marine force of the Spanish Navy and the oldest marine corp in the world, having been founded in 1537 by Charles I of Spain. While the Infantería de Marina has slowly lost most of its prestige as the years have gone by, under [SPR.GetLeader] things will be different. Our marines shall be once again restored to a status truly befitting their legacy.
The New Armada
The new Spanish Navy will be a grand navy, able to project our power across all of the world's oceans. We shall rebuild the Spanish Navy to the power of its heights, soon Spain shall rule the waves once again.
Modern Galleons
The great galleons of Spain were the strongest ships of their age. Likewise as we build up and modernise our navy we should build modern battleships and dreadnoughts to secure the seas once again.
Dedicated Armoured Cruisers
While dreadnoughts are the pride of the Spanish Navy, armoured cruisers will also serve a vital role as escorts for our navy.
Guardians of the Spanish Coast
The Spanish Navy shall focus on defending Spain itself. While it shall not be as large as some want, it will be respected and it shall defend Spain from all enemies.
Establish a Dedicated Coast Guard
Currently Spain lacks any form of dedicated coast guard force, with most of the duties being handled by the Guardia Civil until recently. If we are to fully protect the Spanish coast from any possible threats, it would be imperative for us to establish a dedicated coast guard unit to handle these duties instead.
Protect Our Colonies
The overseas colonies that we still hold are of vital interest to Spain and we should use our navy to protect the coast of our colonies from all attackers. However in case that is not viable, several well placed coastal forts and batteries shall do the job.
Light Cruiser Support
The use of smaller, more lightly armoured scout ships will allow us to disperse forces across a wide area in order to scout our entire coastline, ensuring we are able to rapidly respond to enemy incursions.
Masters of the Sea
The Spanish Navy has been successfully reformed and is now one of the greatest navies in the world. We once again assume our rightful title of Masters of the Sea.
Aviación Legionaria
Modern wars are fought not only on the land and across the seas, but also in the skies. Modern air doctrines must be instilled into our pilots, and state of the art planes must be built if we expect to be victorious in our battles.
Nationalise Civilian Aerodromes
The infrastructure needed to support a large air force does not need to be built completely from the ground up. Across the country there are many civilian aerodromes which we would be able to nationalise and expand into proper military airports, saving us significant time in establishing new airfields for our pilots to use.
Training New Pilots
Most of our current air force is made up of eager volunteers and former pilots of civilian aircraft, with little to no knowledge of military aviation. It is therefore imperative that these recruits receive proper training before they are deployed in the skies, as their experience will hopefully give us the edge we need over our rivals.
Support the Aviation Industry
Spanish aircraft manufacturers have been stunted by the turbulence that has plagued the country for several years. Ongoing troubles in the world have showed the need for modern aircraft companies, and so support should be provided to several Spanish companies that seek to modernise our aviation industry.
Air Supremacy
The skies must be free from enemies and our armies unmolested by hostile aircraft. Our air force should primarily be focused on establishing and maintaining control of the air.
Fighter Effort
Fighters are the backbone of any air force, allowing us to express our supremacy over the sky and allow the rest of our air force to flourish. To ensure that we are able to do so, we must focus on developing new fighter models to outperform our enemies in the air.
Purchase Foreign Planes
Our country is not really in the position to manufacture an air force. For this reason, we must purchase old planes from abroad to help kickstart the Spanish Air Force. The air war is likely to become of greater importance as the Weltkrieg had suggested decades ago.
Army Air Support
The easiest enemy to fight is one who has already been killed by a bombing run before the battle begins, and so our air force should be focused on producing planes focused on battlefield support missions and bombing efforts to support our troops in their endeavours.
Bomber Effort
To truly assist the army, our air force must be capable of destroying fortified positions and disrupting enemy infrastructure. To accomplish this, we should focus on the development of new tactical and strategic bombers.
Eyes of Heaven
RADAR is a promising new technology which, with further development could provide a wealth of information about enemy tactics and positions and reveal the course of enemy aircraft. Several pilots have begun calling RADAR the Eyes of Heaven for how much they are able to reveal and see.
Desperta Ferro!
By the end of the Middle Ages, a famous company of Aragonese mercenaries, the Almogávares, made their war cry “Awake the Iron” famous across the Mediterranean. That war cry will honour a new unit of paratroopers; quick infantry, transported by planes and able to deploy behind enemy lines.
Colonial Airports
We should expand our airports within our colonies. This shall allow the air force to quickly go from the mainland to our overseas colonies to defend them from anyone who would seek to separate us from our possessions.
Champions of the Skies
The air force is no longer a rag-tag collection of volunteers, but a fully functioning organ of our military. Let us rule the skies of Spain and beyond!
Carlist Spain
Carlist
Carlist Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Kingdom of Spain
Spanish
the Kingdom of Spain
Javier I
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1889, in Lucca, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LInheriting a dynastic legacy over a century in the making, Francisco Javier de Borbón-Parma y de Braganza has ascended to the head of the Carlist branch of the Borbón dynasty as the designated successor of Duke Alfonso Carlos. Having been proclaimed as King Javier I of Spain by the supporters of Carlism, he has been given the difficult task of cementing his claim to the throne and reconciling a destructively divided nation.\n\nWhile to many in the nation, Javier is king of the Spanish people, it would be hard to describe the man himself as a Spaniard. As the son of Robert I, deposed Duke of Parma, Javier was born in the Kingdom of Italy yet immersed deeply in French culture from birth owing to his family's dynastic origins. Until the death of Alfonso Carlos, Javier's only direct experience of Spain had been brief holidays and familial visits to distant dynastic relatives.\n\nBeing the brother in law of Kaiser Karl I of Austria, Javier initially planned to join the Austrian army to support their fight against Serbia. However seeing himself as a Frenchman above all else, France's entry into the war would eventually lead to him instead enlisting alongside his brother Sixtus in the Belgian army, having been blocked from joining France's as a foreign royal. Still however valuing his family, Javier aided his brother in Karl I's disastrous attempt to negotiate a secret peace with the Entente.\n\nFollowing the conclusion of the war Javier chose to remain initially in France, staying in one of his family's castles in the country. With the outbreaks of uprisings across the nation and soon Europe as a whole, Javier and other members of the Borbón-Parma dynasty sought refuge with their relatives from the Two Sicily's branch of the family in Naples. There he would remain until his arrival in Spain in the lead up to the nation's civil war.\n\nWith Javier now ruling as a practical foreigner on a much disputed throne, only time will tell if he can truly ingratiate himself with the Spanish people and help finally heal the greatly fractured country.§!
Manuel Lorenzo José Fal Conde
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1894, in Higuera de la Sierra, Province of Huelva, Kingdom of Spain§!
José María Valiente Soriano
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1900, in Chelva, Province of Valencia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Alejandro Goicoechea Omar
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1895, in Elorrio, Province of Biscay, Kingdom of Spain§!
Tomás Domínguez Arévalo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1882, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Dolores de Gortázar Serantes
§YBorn:§! §L1872, in León, Province of León, Kingdom of Spain§!
Pedro Segura y Sáenz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 4th, 1880, in Carazo, Province of Burgos, Kingdom of Spain§!
Jaime del Burgo Torres
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1912, in Pamplona, Province of Navarra, Kingdom of Spain§!
Antonio de Lizarza Iribarren
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 16th, 1891, in Leiza, Province of Navarra, Kingdom of Spain§!
Miguel Cabanellas Ferrer
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1872, in Cartagena, Province of Murcia, Kingdom of Spain§!
Gonzalo Queipo de Llano y Sierra
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1875, in Tordesillas, Province of Valladolid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Mariano Gamir Ulibarri
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1877, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
José Moscardó Ituarte
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1878, in Madrid, Province of Madrid, Kingdom of Spain§!
Ricardo de Rada y Peral
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 5th, 1885, in Málaga, Province of Málaga, Kingdom of Spain§!
Rafael García-Valiño y Marcén
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1898, in Toledo, Province of Toledo, Kingdom of Spain§!
Heliodoro Rolando de Tella y Cantos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1888, in Gomeán, Province of Lugo, Kingdom of Spain§!
Juan Vigón Suero-Díaz
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1880, in Colunga, Province of Asturias, Kingdom of Spain§!
José Enrique Varela Iglesias
§YBorn:§! §LApril 17th, 1891, in San Fernando, Province of Cádiz, Kingdom of Spain§!
Representative of the Pope in Spain
By the Grace of God, King of Castile, of León, of Aragon, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of Valencia, of Galicia, of Mallorca, of Seville, of Cordóba, of Murcia, of Jaen, of Algeciras, of the Canary Islands, Lord of Biscay and of Molina, etc.
