East Turkestan Focus Tree
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Young Turkestan Party
Democratic League
Democratic League
Aksu Party
Aksu Party
Kashgar Nationalist Party
Kashgar Nationalist Party
Young Kashgar Party
Young Kashgar Party
Committee for National Revolution
Committee for National Revolution
Hotan Amirs
Hotan Amirs
Fledgling Military
The Army of East Turkestan has very little prior military experience and next to no trained officers. It will need serious reform amidst the war of revolution to stand a fighting chance of defeating Xinjiang.
Fight for Xinjiang
Amateur Bureaucrats
The Turkic people of Xinjiang were barred from most administrative posts under Chinese rule, leaving very few skilled bureaucrats for the government of East Turkestan.
Flexible Bureaucracy
Investigative Branch
Recruiting Foreign Talent
A New Gentry
National Islamic Education System
Social Welfare
East Turkestan Aircraft Sale
We have agreed to produce aircraft for the East Turkestan military in exchange for a lump-sum payment.
Building Desert Infrastructure
Assassination Attempt on Sabit Damulla
The East Turkestan Rebellion has begun
Victory in the Revolution
Firearm expert has been hired
Hotan Carpet Factory has been converted
Source of gunpowder has been secured
Know how to process minerals
The Victory Parade went off without a hitch
The Victory Parade resumed after a short disruption
We chose to focus inwards
We chose to focus outwards
Pursued Free Elections
National Elections Postponed
Subjected Ambassadors to a Bloodbath
Held a Grand Reception
 decides to fully support our cause  £trigger_yes 
 decides to partially support our cause  £trigger_yes 
 decides not to support our cause  £trigger_no 
 has yet to decide whether to support our cause §Y?§!
§RIn Shortage§!
§G[?num_equipment@infantry_equipment]§!
§GMore rifles will be given if foreign countries agree to the request.§!
$RIGHT|1Y$ units of §YGold§! is added to the national treasury.\n
§GWe will begin converting the Hotan Carpet Factory into a Military Factory§!\n§CForeign support from major countries would speed up the process§!\nUnlocks §HHotan Carpet Factory Conversion Decisions§!.\n
§YNo Civilian Factory§! will be built due to §Rinsufficient gold§!\n§YTo build a Civilian Factory, we need at least 20 Gold.§!
§YHotan§!:\nReplace §Y1 Civilian Factory§! with §Y1 Military Factory§!
Unlocks §HArmy Formation and Combat Technique Training Decisions§!.\n
§G1§! militia unit is raised in Hotan
§G1§! militia unit is raised in Kashgar
Regular but highly controlled national elections will be held every four years.
Free national elections will be held every four years.
§GWe will hire a local firearm expert.§!
§GWe will hire a foreign firearm expert.§!
§GWe will learn gunpowder from our foreign firearm expert.§!
§GWe will learn how to create gunpowder locally.§!
§GWe will begin the processing of minerals.§!
§LThe following advisors will defect to our side:§!\n§YOspan Batyr§!\n§YDalelkhan Sugirbayev§!\n§YKalibek Rakhimbekovich§!
All of the following must be true:\n£indent Controls the province north east of §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_10870]§!\n£indent Controls all provinces that follow the shortest £indent route between §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_10870]§! and §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_5216]§!\n£indent Controls the province east of §Y[619.Controller.GetVictoryPointName_5216]§!
We can also improve infrastructure in the state of §Y[287.GetName]§! if we control it.
We were victorious in the Xinjiang Civil War
\n\n£trigger_yes We can now convert the Hotan Carpet Factory\n§RRequires all of the following:§!
\n\n£trigger_no We are unable to convert the Hotan Carpet Factory yet\n§RRequires all of the following:§!
\n£trigger_yes We have a Firearms Expert
\n£trigger_no We don't have a Firearms Expert
\n£trigger_yes We have Gunpowder
\n£trigger_no We don't have Gunpowder yet
\n£trigger_yes We know how to process minerals
\n£trigger_no We don't know how to process minerals
The National Revolution
The centuries long oppression of the Turkic people of Xinjiang must end. While the Chinese would artificially divide us as Uyghur, Kazakhs, and Kyrgyz, we shall rise as one to throw off the yoke of the Chinese.
Seek Foreign Support
Our movement teeters on the brink of annihilation. We will need foreign help to fix the deep problems with our upstart army and state.
Construct the Kashgar-Hotan Highway
Kashgar and Hotan are the most steadfast redoubts of nationalism and the dual 'seats' of our splintered government. While we cannot yet build a robust system of roads between them, we should carve an impromptu route across the desert where Chinese troops cannot follow.
Convert the Hotan Carpet Factory
Much of our economy is centred on traditional textile manufacturing. Our carpets are especially prized internationally, which has catalysed a degree of industrialisation in the sector. The largest factory by far is centred in Hotan and should be converted to produce arms for the war effort.
Build the Kashgar Small Arms Factory
As the largest city under our control, Kashgar naturally has the potential to reduce our deficit of firearms. We should put any bit of capital we can into the construction of a central small arms factory in the city.
Establish the Timur Military Academy
Timur Beg has ample experience as a commander of men, unique among our leadership. He should be directed to set up an academy to train officers and set up a modern system of officer commissions.
Train a Professional Army
The new army is made up mostly of irregulars and former guerrillas. Few men have any sort of education. Even as we battle the Chinese, we must begin to better their fighting ability and knowledge of modern doctrine.
Gather Seized Treasury and Weaponry
Much was seized from the Chinese during the initial uprising, so much in fact that we have been unable to sort and properly reapportion the materiel. A concerted effort must be made to accomplish such.
Gold from Keriya Mine
The miners at Keriya have borne incredible hardship at the hands of the Chinese and have consequently embraced the cause wholeheartedly. The mine must be brought back to working order.
Turkic Declaration of Independence
The great battle is over, all of what was once Xinjiang is ours. East Turkestan shall rise from ashes greater than ever before. With control now obtained both de-facto and de-jure, let us issue a new declaration of independence and join the wide world.
A Night to Remember
With independence achieved, internal factions struggle for power. One day, these divisions will surely come to a dramatic head.
Timur Survives
Timur Beg has survived the attempt on his life and driven his enemies from power. The state is now his to command, and surely he has proven a most benevolent man.
Military Parade
Timur Beg is known for his extravagance and love of military discipline. With his power secured, his first course of action shall be, of course, to hold a massive military parade in Kashgar.
Open \
East Turkestan is, after all, a republic, and as such the people must have a say in politics. The people, however, are easily taken by self-destructive foolishness, so the outcome of certain high level elections should not be left to chance.
Executive Administration
The presidency, rather than the council or the legislature, must have direct control of the bureaucracy. The constitution must be amended to that end.
Rewrite the Constitution
The flaws of the constitution have been made apparent following the debacle over the bureaucracy. It must be rewritten entirely.
Timur the Flexible
Timur Beg is nothing if not adaptable. Administrators must be trained in rapid reorientation. While bureaucracies may necessitate a certain degree of inertia, we will put a spring in their step.
Encourage Business Ties
Timur Beg has many ties of businesses and merchants across the region. They could be useful in making East Turkestan more industrialised.
Military Might
The military is a key point in helping keep the great Timur Beg in power, and stopping any more rebellion. We must use it to silence our enemies.
Timur the Merchant
Timur once led caravans of camels and mules across the harshest terrain and parleyed with the sharpest merchants. His knowledge of commerce and trade is immense and we should put this knowledge to use in regulating the caravans, which are unfortunately responsible for the introduction of a good deal of contraband.
Strong-Arm the Council
The state council has a great deal of control over the executive. It stands in the way of the great nation Timur Beg seeks to usher in. We must ensure the loyalty of the council to our regime through threat of force.
Force Sabit into Retirement
Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki has outlived his usefulness. He is now the last remnant of the power of Hotan and its former Amirs still in government. He and his supporters should be forced out while maintaining an air of legality.
Power to the President
The power of the executive should not be split artificially, nor should anyone but the nation's undeniable leader represent it in foreign affairs. The president must be given far reaching powers if we are to survive.
Timur Shah
Timur, as a representative of the petty nobility, has always desired a crown. With power now centred in his hands, he shall have it if only he possesses the fortitude to overcome one last challenge.
Back to Hotan
Hotan has been a hotbed of resistance and the informal capital of our nation before the formal beginning of the revolt. With the victory of the Bughra Amirs, it shall once again be our centre of power.
A Piece of the Puzzle
The ambitions of Pan-Turkism span thousands of miles. We must decide whether to pursue these lofty ambitions immediately or focus on domestic issues in preparation.
Islam in One Country
Circumstance dictates that we focus inward and improve the dignity of our own corner of the Turkish nation. The people must be brought into modernity with a knowledge of proper religion. God willing, we shall transform this country into a bastion of progress.
Combat Inauthentic Religion
Many outside the cities hold fast to cultural perversions of God's religion. They care not for His Prophets and little for His final messenger. With force of arms, we shall enter the villages and correct this.
Nationalise and Expand Madrassas
The Madrassas, enlightened by foreign teachers, are a bastion of light amidst widespread perversion. We must directly administer these schools with secular schools likewise transformed into the image of them. All who still deny the call of the true faith or adhere to some corruption of it shall be enlightened.
Transform the Desert
The Taklamakan desert is without any sort of infrastructure beyond dirt paths and camel trails. We should build a modern system of railways crossing the wasteland and new purpose built communities along the tracks.
Tighten the Government's Grip
[ROOT.GetLeader] reigns supreme, but to cement his rule and to wholly silence the last voices of opposition, the administration as well as the executive forces of the country must be brought into the fold once and for all. Only through a thorough upheaval of the established institutions can we truly begin our project of bringing unity and stability to the vast lands of [ROOT.GetNameDef].
Turkic Nationalism
We are different from those in China who wish to crush us once again. We are not Chinese at all, we are Turkic!
Hotan Development Scheme
Hotan is the key to most of the Bughras power. We must develop the city, to link together the rest of East Turkestan and to defend our base of power.
Realm of the Turks
God is truly great, for He has made the path towards true unity of the Turks clear. We would be fools to deny the destiny He has laid before us.
Linguistic Unification
Various attempts to create a standard language for the Turks of Central Asia have come and gone. The most prominent is derived mostly from a standard form of Chagatay to which our own dialects are closely related. We should adopt this standard language and aggressively promote it to the people.
Internationalise the Council
Many prominent Pan-Turkist intellectuals suffer under the thumb of hostile regimes. They should be invited to join our state council and have a hand in building this great new nation. Of course, with their power diminished, some present members may take offence.
Integrated Infrastructure
Much of the nation's fringe is not properly connected to the infrastructure of the Tarim Basin. We must adopt new technologies from abroad if we are to ever overcome this unfortunate result of history and geography alike.
A Republic of Inequals
The petty nobility has been toppled and the republic shall be reborn. Of course, we must take care, groups within and without seeking to destroy the great nation we seek to build, to subvert it for their own ends.
The Sun Rises in the East
While past leadership sought to sever all ties to China, we realise how deeply flawed that policy was. We should seek to repair relations with the Chinese factions and ensure our survival no matter what transpires to the east.
Genuine Representation
Liberty is the most fragile thing and it is without doubt that as it was wrested from the Chinese, it was promptly squandered. There is hope however; the core of this new nation's foundations are righteous, and with a regime at last in place which seeks to actually uphold such noble words, God willing, the nation can be brought back to liberty's light.
Ensure Constitutional Protections
The constitution is quite idealistic, but lacks sufficient mechanisms to actually ensure the rights it promises or prevent the total consolidation of power. With some small changes and a clearly defined role for God's laws in it, the nation shall be safe from tyranny.
The Investigative Branch
Our experiences with the Chinese have affected many with a deep hatred for that land's legal and philosophical ideas. Of interest, however, and much studied by the President, is Sun Yat-sen's idea of an independent branch of government entirely dedicated to investigating subversion and corruption.
Sisters in Islam
Many would deny women their basic rights in contradiction with the Sunnah. We must fight these cultural perversions of Islam and promulgate the rights assured to women by God, and by extension, this state founded on His laws.
Benevolent Patrons
Much of China now looks to the west to inspiration in creating so called 'social safety nets', ensuring farmers' livelihoods and providing basic services to the most downtrodden. We should copy this model.
Rule by Decree
A strong hand is needed to keep any republic steady, let along one as new and fragile as our own. Let God give power to those most able, now and forever.
Restrict Local Nobility
The various local lords and amirs of the land undermine state control and hinder progress. They must brought to heel, or even have their lands seized if need be.
Recruit Foreign Talent
Foreign teachers, through places of worship and study, have brought great progress to our nation. But alas, our land is still so backwards yet. A substantial portion of the state budget must be dedicated to identifying and acquiring foreign, especially Ottoman, intellectuals to advise the government and improve the administration.
A New Gentry
To entice skilled foreigners to settle permanently, we will need to offer more than just money. Turkish hires should be offered expansive swaths of land to settle in exchange for their services and the development of their holdings.
Business Reform
Businesses in East Turkestan have always worked without regulation and any form of workers rights. If we are to become a more modernised society, we must implement these laws.
Unify the People
We must work to bring the people of East Turkestan together, to unite us into one people.
Military Modernisation
The army was hastily built during the war of independence. While it possesses a sufficient command structure, it remains woefully inadequate as a fighting force and social institution. To begin the process of modernisation, let us finally develop a standardised uniform and distribute them to our men.
Expand District System
The rough of terrain in East Turkestan makes addressing local issues centrally difficult. As such, a system of regional authority for military units to augment law enforcement was established in certain areas. It should be expanded across the country.
Create an Air Force
Air power ignores terrain and provides invaluable support to the men on the ground. With basic fuel infrastructure established, we should seek to import basic, and affordable, aircraft.
Integrate Artillery
Artillery capable of accurate indirect fire has transformed the very nature of war. To contest the armies of the future, we will need the most advanced piece we can acquire.
Research Scavenged Weapons
Though our allies pour in from Central Asia to fight for our sovereignty, our internal ability to arm citizens is nonexistant. Having spent the last three decades forming militias using any firearms available, it is time we take an active role in supplying Eastern Turks with modern, formidable arms.
Mountainous Officer Training
Volunteers coming into East Turkestan bring with them years of experience in traversing desert brush. Our own Officers lack some of this experience afforded to students in [773.GetName] military academies. We must requisition training manuals from [773.GetName] and rectify this oversight.
Doctrine Research
The decades of conflict Turks in western Asia took part in informed their modern military doctrine. It is definitely worth the cost to seek out military doctrine and detailed after-action reports in [773.GetName] for studying.
Thorough Army Training
Volunteers that overcame the Han garrisons in Khotan will not be enough to withstand the eventual tide of militarism from Beijing. Through proper regimentation of the human body, as achieved by such Turkish legends like Mustafa Kemal, we can survive.
Connect to Dihua
The road to Dihua, overburdened by refugees and toll roads, is the lifeline of our young country. If we are not able to cut down the impediments to travel, our own military will lose valuable time travelling across the road.
Develop the Cities
Madrassas closed, markets paralysed with inflation, and conmen everywhere. Our young country must rectify all three of these things to create that paradise for Turks we promised this generation.
Connect to the Outer Areas
Rebel Han and even Russians are subverting our authority in the outer reaches of East Turkestan. They are but results of our failure to allow Turks to move freely to the countryside. Failures no more.
Refurbish Dihua's Industry
Fear that paralyses industry in Dihua is finally conquered. With an influx of corvee labour, surely the factories of Dihua can restart production.
Dzungaria Small Arms Factory
An attractive proposal has been delivered to Dzungaria's largest landowner. In exchange for several of his buildings, a contingent of volunteer labourers will be sent to assemble firearms for our army.
Working the Land
With the elevation of Turks to the gentry, many towns are experiencing a shortage of farm labour. Conveniently, our corvee is also looking for employment that can serve the national interest.
Foreign Support for the Revolution
As a young independent nation, struggling against the Chinese oppressors and Kumul rebels, we must seek the support of foreign nations around us, if we are ever to survive.\n\nMajor Countries:\n§Y[RUS.GetNameWithFlag]§![RUS.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[RAJ.GetNameWithFlag]§![RAJ.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[OTT.GetNameWithFlag]§![OTT.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n\nOther Countries:\n§Y[AFG.GetNameWithFlag]§![AFG.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[TRK.GetNameWithFlag]§![TRK.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n§Y[BUK.GetNameWithFlag]§![BUK.get_ETS_foreign_supporters]\n\nAmount of Rifle:  [get_ETS_infantry_equipment_amount]\nAmount of Gold:  [?ETS_gold_amount|+]\n
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationTitle]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationDesc]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationTitle]
[FROM.ETS_SendDelegationDesc]
Seek Support from the Russians
Russia, close but doesn't border us, is in its own political turmoil. While they may take time to recover, their desire for Central Asia is barely concealed, and they would need allies to secure their rule. We will fly to Russia and make a case for supporting us, that we in return would become their ally.
Seek Support from the British
The British, a shadow of its former glory, still owns a third of the Indian subcontinent. They could be a powerful supporter of our cause. We will assemble a camel train and head towards [RAJ.GetNameDef] immediately to ask for their support and offer our support for their rule over India.
Seek Support from the Ottoman Empire
The Ottoman Empire is very far away from us, but that does not diminish their fervent support for our independence. We will fly to Baghdad to ask for their support.
Seek Support from the Khan in Kabul
The Khan in Kabul is very sympathetic to our case. We will assemble a camel train and head towards Kabul to ask for their support.
Seek Support from [From.GetNameDef]
We will assemble a camel train and head towards [From.GetNameDef] to ask for their support.
GFX_report_event_WAL_Fortify_Palace
GFX_report_event_DEI_hotel_des_indes
GFX_report_event_generic_diplomacy3
Request Equipment from [From.GetNameDef]
More Equipment from [From.GetNameDef]
Economics of War
If we are ever to survive, we need to sort out our war economy. We must begin converting factories, and must get a good amount of gold for our coffers.[get_ETS_hotan_conversion][get_ETS_hotan_firearm_expert][get_ETS_hotan_learn_gunpowder][get_ETS_hotan_learn_mineral_processing]\n\nAmount of Gold:  [?ETS_gold_amount|+1]
Create a Unified Currency
Complete the Factory Conversion
Hire a Firearms Expert from [From.GetNameDef]
Search for a Firearms Expert in Tarim Basin
Obtain Gunpowder from [From.GetNameDef]
Discover How to Make Gunpowder Locally
Hire Metallurgists from [From.GetNameDef]
Employ Local Blacksmiths to Extract Metal
East Turkestan Department of War
Our military is made of weak militia and disorganised rebels. If we are to win the war and survive by ourselves, we must reform our army and create an actual force.
Adopt [From.GetAdjective] Formation
Develop Army Formation
Learn [From.GetAdjective] Combat Techniques
Develop Combat Techniques
Weekly Gold From Keriya Mine
Since we control the Keriya mine, we are able to extract gold from it for other uses
Train Militias in Hotan
We will hand rifles to the Bughra family to train militias
Train Militias in Kashgar
We will hand rifles to Timur to train militias
War with Kumul Khanate
They must be destroyed
£command_power §H15§! £manpower_texticon §H4500§!
£command_power §R15§! £manpower_texticon §R4500§!
It costs $CP_15_manpower_4500_blocked$ to take the decision
Turkic Diplomacy
As a newly independent Turkic nation, we should try to reach out to other Turkic nations across the world, for mutual cooperation and development.
Reach out to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Send Officers to train in [FROM.GetNameDef]
In the process of adopting infantry formations
In the process of developing combat techniques
In the process of learning how to process minerals.
In the process of discovering Gunpowder Formula
In the process of hiring a Firearms Expert
GFX_ETS_intro
Situation in Kashgar and Hotan
The initial uprising was a success! Our brothers in Kashgar and Hotan were able to overwhelm the local garrison and take control of both cities. With the people rallying to our side, the revolution is strong!\n\nOur revolution however, is far from secure. Unable to produce proper equipment due to Yang Zengxin's medieval industrial policies, our untrained irregulars stand little chance against the armies of Ma Shaowu and Jin Shuren without decisive political action. Our forces will need to be reformed if we are to have any hope of success, and we should try to act in the creation of military factories.\n\nPolitically, our new nation is in some ways united and in others divided completely. The eccentric Timur Beg, a veteran merchant leader and member of the local nobility near Kashgar, has taken the reins of the Young Kashgar Party with his native city of Kashgar as their base of power. Meanwhile, the three siblings amirs of Hotan, the brutal Bughras, made wealthy through ownership of several profitable mining ventures, lead their forces from Hotan. Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki, a moderate western-educated general, has been appointed interim president. Though he is not an actual member of any party or faction, he garners most of his support from the Hotan based Bughras. However, many see Sabit Damulla as a unifying figure to the rebellion, who helps ease the tensions between the merchant of Kashgar and the Bughra brothers.
§MTimur (Republic)§!($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Choose \
East Turkestan
East Turkestani
East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
People's Republic of East Turkestan
the People's Republic of East Turkestan
Ishaq Beg Munonov
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Jigin, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Isa Alptekin
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Yengisar County, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Masud Sabri
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Ili, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Timur Beg
Timur Shah
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Kucha, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Sabit Damulla Abdulbaki
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Artush, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSabit Damulla Abdulbaki never expected to be the face of the Turkic nationalist movement in Xinjiang. A highly educated academic and journalist, Abdulbaki has corresponded with several of the world's most prominent living Jadidist scholars. Through Jadid circles, he became acquainted with prominent members of the East Turkestan nationalist movement, including the wealthy aristocrat Muhammad Amin Bughra, and through Bughra the wider nationalist movement. Due to his pleasant demeanour, pragmatic viewpoint, and fluency in several languages, the often at-odds nationalist factions agreed on Damulla to for the role of East Turkestan's first head of state and government. Should East Turkestan secure its bid for independence, it is likely however that Damulla will be subsumed by whichever of the nation's factions comes out on top.§!
Muhammad Amin Bughra
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe early life of Muhammad Amin Bughra is shrouded in mystery, with scant clues alluding to him teaching at a Madrassa prior to his military service. Bughra's background as a Jadidist and a Turk granted him few luxuries, even under Ma Shaowu's governance in Hotan. Bughra displayed a strong determination to work for Xinjiang's unification, and despised the weak attitude for which Governor Yang kept his garrisons. At the same time, Bughra opposed the Han-centric army reforms being proposed by General Sheng Shicai, which placed the blame for army mismanagement on Islam rather than the opium epidemic.§!
Abdullah Bughra
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Nur Ahmadjan Bughra
§YBorn:§! §Lin Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Saifuddin Azizi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 12th, 1915, in Artush, Xinjiang Province, Republic of China§!
Ehmetjan Qasim
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1914, in Ghulja, Xinjiang Province, Republic of China§!
Id Mirab
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Li Huanzhang
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Hotan, Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Gheni Batur
§YBorn:§! §L1902, in Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
Abdul Niyaz Sijiang
§YBorn:§! §Lin Xinjiang Province, Great Qing§!
