Chinese Suzerainty
Associated Governorate
Autonomous Governorate
Governorate
Integrated Governorate
$NONIDEOLOGY$
$NONIDEOLOGYDEF$
$NONIDEOLOGY$
$NONIDEOLOGYDEF$
$NONIDEOLOGY$
$NONIDEOLOGYDEF$
$NONIDEOLOGY$
$NONIDEOLOGYDEF$
$NONIDEOLOGY$
$NONIDEOLOGYDEF$
Densely Populated Rural Area
The infrastructure networks in this area are already highly saturated by a dense local population.\n\nWill be removed by reaching max §Y$infrastructure$§! in this state.
Autonomous Region
The Qing dynasty's hold over its borderlands was a complicated affair, with ebbing and flowing degrees of control. These territories to the north and west, referred to as \
Claiming Our Place in the World
With our victory against the Japanese, it is now time for China to take her rightful place in East Asia and the world, utilising her mighty resources and peoples to foster international goodwill and cooperation. With the completion of our campaigns of national unification, it is only logical that the next step should be to reassert our influence so that China will never again fall victim to imperialism.
Join the Internationale
When the German invasion collapsed the First Northern Expedition, many Kuomintang exiles sought refuge in the nations of the Third Internationale. Now with our strength revived and reinvigorated, it is only natural that we will be able to play a role in assisting the Third Internationale in spreading the world revolution as well as paying back our socialist comrades for their help over the years.
Create the Fourth Internationale
Though the Third Internationale has fallen, we will never give up the dream of a world revolution. We will pick up the torch and rally the workers in a new campaign of global liberation!
Join the Reichspakt
Germany has been our main benefactor since the KMT's doomed Northern Expedition. Now that we have cleared all opposition to our rule over China, it's is time to request a formal alliance with our friends in Berlin.
Join the Moscow Accord
The arrival of Black Monday has ended years of German dominance across the world. With rising powers across the world, it is only natural that China should seek allies. We may find such allies in our neighbours to the north, the Russians who are eager to put aside our past squabbles for a new century led by the powers of Eurasia.
Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
The Japanese, despite our prior estrangement and the wars that ensued, are still our Asian brothers. We allowed European imperialists to divide us, throwing the entire Asian continent into disarray and subjugation. Having proved our might and restored our dominance on land, while they continue to rule the seas, we can finally negotiate to work with them as equal partners. As allies, we will restore prosperity all of Asia!
Join the Entente
The Entente, despite generally poor relations and their inability to back up their arrogant Imperialistic attitudes any more, are our tentative allies in this current conflict between Great Powers. Thanks to our Cantonese connections and plentiful number of intermediaries and the Entente's withdrawal from key Chinese nationalistic claims, deepening our alliance might be the most pragmatic idea for long-term prosperity.
Align with the Americans
Despite the Americans' participation in the Century of Humiliation, ultimately our common interests in checking Japanese and European influence in the region brings us together. Let us work together to bring peace and prosperity to Asia and the Pacific!
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] into the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
China's rightful place in Asia is as the eldest brother, mentor, and leader of all the continent's peoples. Having thrown off the shackles of foreign imperialism, we are ready to resume our place as the defender of other Asian states from European or Japanese tyranny. Let us send our ambassadors to bring the [FROM.GetAdjective] into our fold.
§YThe odds of acceptance are dependent on §Y[FROM.GetAdjective]§! opinion of us.§!
Chinese Unification
Central authority in China has long eroded, as decades of foreign imperialism, political instability and domestic unrest in light of imperial weakness spawned a new class of regional militarists in the ailing days of the Qing. The Xinhai Revolution brought further turmoil to the nation, as revolutionary generals seized control of numerous provinces and set about building complex networks of military officers, allied businessmen, landed gentry, sympathetic intelligentsia, and government officials.\n\nNevertheless, a common national identity remains, and various movements across the land have made their bid to unite the nation and rebuild China in their image. Taking advantage of their own patronage networks, foreign support, and growing armies, they clash for influence in the cities and countryside. Still, in the twisting and turning realities of warlord China, open warfare is not the only way this conflict develops. Tales of shifting alliances and sordid betrayal unfold, all the while foreign invasion looms...\n\n§COur leadership is currently [ChinaGetMemberAlignment] §YAligned§!.§!
Create the United Front
We, the descendants of Yan and Huang, cannot sit idly by as our country is powerless to stop the foreign devil from ravaging our lands. Too long have we been divided, split alongside provincial and factional lines while the imperialists look hungrily at our borders - ready to exploit our nation. No more! Let us put aside our petty squabbles for national unity to defend our honour, the honour of Zhonghua, from being tarnished forever! Qilai!
The Northeastern Gambit
Japanese hawkishness has finally run its course with their reckless decision to go to war with Germany for hegemony over the Asia-Pacific. This offers us a unique opportunity - if we were to go to war with Japan and strike against their imperialist projects in Dongbei, our prestige would be cemented and we would be elevated as national heroes. The rest of China would likely be forced to fall in line as part of a United Front against Japanese aggression, and in embroiling the Japanese in both a land and sea war at the same time, we will overstretch them until they fall!
Join the United Front
As the foreign imperialists launch a brutal invasion of our country, [FROM.GetName] has invited us to help defend China's honour in her hour of need. While our country still remains heavily divided between provincial and factional lines, our civilisation is at risk of being utterly destroyed. Let us put aside our differences and work together for the defence of the Motherland!
Negotiate a Ceasefire with [FROM.GetNameDef]
China has found itself at war with a major power. Fighting them on our own would be a foolish decision while China is still divided. We should negotiate with our current enemies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] a temporary truce till the aggressor has been defeated. We must not forget that all the imperialists want are our riches. We have nothing to lose! Wansui!
[ROOT.china_declare_government_text]
[ROOT.china_declare_government_text_desc]
Proclaim the Zhongyuan Government
With our position in the North Chinese Plain secured, we may now boldly claim for ourselves the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution. Our new government shall now strive for national unification, vanquishing any rival contenders that may stand in our way. No one, except perhaps [SHX.GetLeader] in all his wisdom, could have expected the province of Shanxi to find itself in such power. But through our courage and valiance in liberating the Central Plains, we have proven ourselves worthy of leading the national unification!
Restore the Great Qing
The fierce battle for the Forbidden City was pressed on Zhang Tianran's orders. The palace gates became a prison for the cowardly Aisin-Gioro family. Several family members attempted to leave but were led back, and the walls manned by Red Spears at all corners. Finally, the Emperor surrendered to the Shangqing. Instead of death, Puyi was forced to capitulate to Zhang Tianran in his Imperial Yellow Jacket, as well as reaffirm to the people his emperorship. Puyi will remain the Emperor, and the Shangqing Tianguo's minor emperors, managers and priests the official magistrates of the Qing.\n\nZhang Tianran has absolved the captive Emperor of any guilt in this war, and declared that this victory is the culmination of a spiritual genealogy that began with the Boxers and Sun Yat-sen.
Restore the Great Qing
Many doubted Qu Yingguang's ability to hold off the Zhili's invasion after the failure of the Manchu Coup, but now all doubt has been cleared. Not only has Shandong held off the attack, but Qu has guided Shandong and the emperor back from the brink, and we now stand stronger than ever. Puyi shall be restored as emperor, with his brother Pujie by his side, and Qu Yingguang will be their closest advisor. Let all who stand in our way know that the Manchu are back, and this time they are here to stay.
Form a National Government
Having secured our place as the strongest force in China, it is time that we declare our ambitions to unify the nation and end this miserable age of strife once and for all. It may attract some unwanted attention, and there will likely be conflict instigated by those who would seek to their own dominance over the land, but that is the sacrifice we must make to free our nation from warlordism once and for all!
Declare the Reunification of China
Our foes have been vanquished and anyone who dared to unjustly claim the mantle of national leadership has been put back in their place. We stand now as rulers of a mostly united China, all that is left to do is to formally claim our right to national leadership. We are the victors of the Warlord Era for better or for worse, and it is up to us to lead China into its benevolent future.
§YChina has been fully united under one banner.§!
Consolidate Our Legitimacy
In the aftermath of the chaotic renewal of the Warlord Era, it seems that the line of succession from the Zhili Central Government was lost in the conflict. Having done our part to reunite the country, it is time that we take the next step in piecing China back together.
We have defeated all rival Chinese governments
[CHN_conquer_beijing_fallback_decision_scripted_loc]
[CHN_conquer_beijing_fallback_decision_desc_scripted_loc]
Complete the Revolutionary Mission
As long as reactionaries continue to rule over the Northern Capital, the great mission our late founder Dr. Sun Yat-sen has placed in our hands cannot succeed. We must prevail against the odds, to prepare a second march northwards. This is not just for the salvation of the revolutionary cause but we fight for the survival of the Chinese race! Long live the National Revolution, Long live the Republic of China!
Liberate Beijing
Beijing was the ancient capital of China and holds a unique place in the Chinese national consciousness. To hold it means international recognition and domestic legitimacy, making its capture of the upmost essence. Since our original efforts to take the city have fallen short, we must redouble our efforts. Onwards, to a new China!
Demand Control of Beijing
The end of the Northern Expedition has brought Beijing under the Kuomintang fold, however in practice the region remains under continued warlord rule. While this sort of local autonomy has proven to be a necessary evil as we proceed with unification, to allow this fate to befall China's ancient seat of power is flatly unacceptable. So long as Beijing remains out of the direct control of the central government, there will always be those plotting to undermine and usurp our authority. We must make moves to bring national rule to the North, bringing the revolution one step closer to completion.
The March to Manchuria
Too long has Manchuria been ran into ruin by the traitors to the Chinese nation and the Japanese imperialists who seek to exploit our country for her natural resources. While it is the eastern frontier of our territory outside of China proper, the Manchurian question is undeniable as [ROOT.GetNameDef] identifies the provinces of Dongbei as integral provinces of the Chinese state. While we stand behind the safety of the Shanhai Pass, let us take it upon ourselves - to liberate our countrymen once and unify the country once and for all.
The War for Guangzhou
Intent on being the mustering point for the South to even have the chance to unify the country, the Pearl River Delta is a place of prime opportunity, and financial support. With the city switched ownership multiple times since the fall of the Kuomintang, it nonetheless provides all resources necessary to launch a Northern Expedition of our own. With its integrity to our future claims to national unification pre-eminent, [ROOT.GetLeader] and their allies have chosen the war path, and with Canton's owners belligerent, it is time for the Southwest to come to arms once more.
The Nanjing Expedition
Nanjing was the Southern Capital for several Chinese dynasties and was also the site where Sun Yat-sen was proclaimed Provisional President of the Republic in 1911. Controlling the wealthy and powerful Jiangnan region at the mouth of the Yangtze River, it is perhaps the most important city on China's eastern seaboard and second only to Beijing in national importance. Long the seat of League Marshal Sun Chuanfang's domain, though the politics of the region may have changed its importance to our interests has not.
The Storming of Wuhan
Wuhan was the site of the original 1911 Wuchang Uprising which sparked the Xinhai Revolution. Its three constituent cities of Wuchang, Hankou, and Hanyang rest along major rivers at the heart of China. The capital of Hubei and the base of the Zhili Jade Marshal Wu Peifu's operations, capturing it is essential both for national legitimacy and for strategic control over China's interior.
Challenge [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader]'s Authority
[CHN_satellite_generic_challenge_overlord_decision_desc_scripted_loc]
The Zhili clique has been at the forefront of Chinese politics for over a decade now, the champions of order and stability at the heart of the nation. But at the top, corruption and indecision reign. Although it would normally be improper for a subordinate to leap over his superior, these are not normal times.
The Imperial Restoration was essential to preserving the integrity of the nation, safeguarding order and tradition. But treacherous snakes fill the Emperor's ear with twisted, venomous words. Something needs to be done to restore the Emperor to benevolence!
The last hope of the Beiyang Republic rested in the Fengtian clique after the treasonous Zhili restored the Emperor in 1928. Our leadership has done their best of course, but their best is not sufficient if we are to protect our nation. A change is in order.
Those who seek to protect the constitution and save Chinese democracy are a noble band, but always in danger from corrupt folks within. The current leadership of this Federalist movement are simply too inept and too bound to duplicity to be trusted with the light of Chinese democracy, and thus we must begin preparations to rescue it.
The Xinhai Revolution attracted many dreamers, but time and time again we have found that dreams fall short of reality. The current leadership of the central government have proven themselves unworthy of it, so we must begin to prepare ourselves to take it for ourselves.
Governments come, and Governments go. Leaders rise and Leaders fall. But China endures, and the Chinese people continue to search for an Executive that can save them from their plight. It has become increasingly clear that the latest jumped up warlord to assume the General's seat is unworthy of his position. Maybe it is our turn to lead?
Declare a Permanent Capital
There have been many capitals of a united Chinese state and with key parts of China under our rule, we can proclaim a permanent capital for the republic. There are four main choices to go with should we control that city: Nanjing, Beijing, Wuhan or Guangzhou. Each one brings unique advantages. We must consider this carefully as this decision will be irreversible.
Move Our Provisional Capital
As we continue our campaign to unite China, large swaths of the nation have come under our control. As our armies move deeper into enemy territory, the logistical strain has increased. It might be wise to alleviate this burden and signal our intention to unite the nation by moving our capital to a more central or politically valuable location.
Attack [FROM.GetNameDef]
The continued defiance of [FROM.GetAdjective] leadership is one that cannot be resolved by peaceful means. [FROM.GetLeader] has proven [FROM.GetHerselfHimself] an unworthy leader, and will be ejected from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] by force.
Demand [FROM.GetNameDef]'s Submission
Regional authorities in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] find themselves adrift as of late, swearing allegiance to nobody but themselves. As China's truly legitimate government, we must bring them into the fold - they will either accept or we will prepare other, less courteous measures.
Increase Integration of [FROM.GetNameDef]
Although the leadership in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has thankfully seen wisdom and decided to align themselves with us, we must go further if we are to truly end the warlord era. Efforts will be made to bring the [FROM.GetAdjective] administration closer to our own.
Coordinate a Joint Strike with [FROM.GetNameDef]
On our own our chances against [GXC.GetNameDef] are slim, however [FROM.GetNameDef] might be amenable to oppose [GXC.GetAdjective] tyranny. However we should act fast - we must have the element of surprise if such a joint strike is to be effective. Should this plan work, we will move immediately against our [GXC.GetAdjective] enemies.
[YUN.GetNonIdeologyName]-[HNN.GetNonIdeologyName] Joint Strike Against [GXC.GetNameDef]
We can only do a joint strike with one faction
§RWe will abandon [YUN.GetNameDef] to face [GXC.GetNameDef] on their own§!
§RWe will abandon [HNN.GetNameDef] to face [GXC.GetNameDef] on their own§!
Surrender to the Enemy
[THIS.overlord.GetNameDefCap] Increases Integration
Challenge [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader]'s Authority
[china_subject_challenge_overlord_decision_desc_loc]
The political intrigues and chicanery of [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader]'s Kuomintang Central Committee has brought nothing but ruin to the Chinese nation and her people. It is time for [ROOT.GetLeader] and the true champions of Dr. Sun to charge forth, oust the traitors, and ride the high tide of the National Revolution. [ROOT.GetNameDefCap] may be outmanned, but our wills are steeled and our hearts speak true.
To think that the revolution would become so twisted, so divergent, from its original principles. The true interpretation of the Three People's Principles has been distorted by petty worlds, spineless intellectuals, and most of all the vile despot [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader]. It is unfortunate, but as the nation teeters on the very verge of collapse, [ROOT.GetLeader] must detach [ROOT.GetNameDef] from the sinking ship, and charge forward to victory.
Ostensibly seeking the protection of the Chinese people, the development of a native democracy, and the promulgation of a true, free constitution, the Federalist movement has seen itself corrupted by autocrats and elites. Whilst we are no stranger to pragmatic deals, [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader] has taken it too far. [ROOT.GetLeader] cannot simply stand on the sidelines as the very essence of the movement withers away.
Improper to the upmost, the leadership of the Zhili clique has faltered for too long. Having lost the unity of the nation, and the control of [ROOT.GetNameDef], Governor [ROOT.GetLeader] had to ensure stability within the province. Yet again, it would appear that we must save the Chinese people. This time, however, it is not just [ROOT.GetNameDef], but the nation itself. Whilst uncouth for a subordinate to revolt against his superior, the decadence of [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader]'s regime has stood for too long.
How could the nation have fallen so low? At first swayed by the grandstanding of Marshal Zuolin, championing the republican cause in light of the Xuantong Restoration, or perhaps even by [ROOT.GetLeader]'s' personal ties to the Zhang family. Yet the very nation is being lead to disarray and ruin under the rule of kleptocrats, simpletons and traitors, with a bandit like [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader] lording over all of it. Ultimately, [ROOT.GetNameDefCap] must play our desperate hand, one last final bid for national leadership. It may be foolish, but our movement is no stranger to turncoats.
Before our very eyes lies the Son of Heaven, ruling on his throne, lording over the true restoration of his authority, yet within our camp lies a strong sense of shame, of rejection, of reprehension. Is China not a modern nation? What was Xinhai for? All of the bloodshed, sacrificed and tears to overthrow the barbarity of the Manchu, just for us to rescind to our fates once again? No, no longer shall the supposed \
China is no stranger to the revolving door of executives seeking to steer the nation their way. Yet it has led to a directionless nation, collapsing in on itself. To truly save the people from their plight, we must work to overthrow [ROOT.Overlord.GetLeader], the latest buffoon to have taken the concept of national leadership. The new Chinese nation shall be a [ROOT.GetNameDef]-led one, free of corruption.
Estimated army strength ratio of §Y50%§! or more compared to our overlord
It has been at least 365 days since we submitted to our overlord.
Join the [NPA.GetName]
The National Protection Alliance is a revival of the old warlord coalition that sought to topple Yuan Shikai's tyrannical attempt to establish a new monarchy and save the Republic. This newest iteration led by [NPA.GetLeader] may exist in different circumstances, but the ultimate goal remains the same - defending our country and our countrymen from those who would destroy it!
Join the [NZH.GetName]
The Northern Zhili Clique has dominated the Chinese political scene since their victory in 1927, weathering Beiyang's political storms, southern revolutionaries and northern rivals. Though their hegemony has been recently challenged, their victory is inevitable and with the preservation of Chinese morality and political order.
Join the [SZH.GetName]
The Southern Zhili Clique is an offshoot of the mainline branch in the north, centred around the legacy of Sun Chuanfang and his League of Eight Provinces. Generally boasting greater cooperation with Germany and the Legation cities, their ability to bring patriotic prosperity brings us closer to them.
Join the [MCU.GetName]
The Manchu Restorationist government has brought back benevolence and order to the Chinese political scene, and as loyal subjects we shall align with the proper government of China.
Join the [AGJ.GetName]
The National Pacification Army (the Anguojun) was a warlord coalition led by Zhang Zuolin that sought to fight off the revolutionary radicals of the Kuomintang and reunite China under the Fengtian Clique's banner. Though defeated by the Zhili in the ensuing conflict, they never gave up hope and with their fortunes on the rise it is up to use to rejoin our old comrades.
Join the [UPC.GetName]
The Federalist Movement is an alliance of primarily southern based parties that seek to create a new Chinese republic built along the federal model. Our participation in this coalition is essential if we are to reunite China as a confederation of equal provinces that respects the rights of its constituent states.
Join the [LKT.GetName]
China's left has united under [LKT.GetLeader]'s leadership, and its future must be in the hands of those with the vision to see the sweeping changes needed to bring the nation into the future. We shall join the ranks of our revolutionary comrades and bring about a new era to our land!
Join the [RKT.GetName]
The Chinese Nationalist Party (the Chinese Kuomintang) was founded by Dr. Sun Yat-sen to serve as the vanguard of the national revolution and save China from foreign imperialism and domestic corruption. It is our duty to join the ranks of the new National Revolutionary Army and defend our nation!
Join the [RGC.GetName]
The Sun is rising in the East and Asia's salvation from Western imperialism is at hand. It is only through cooperation with the Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere that we can truly save China from socialism and imperialism, and thus we must join their supported government.
Join the [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetLeader] is a rising star in China, leveraging his control over the mighty [FROM.GetAdjective] Army and his allies in the [FROM.GetRulingParty] to become a national contender of his own. Operating out of his base in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], this unexpected challenger for national dominance shows a lot of promise, and we shall bind ourselves closer to them.
Demand [FROM.GetNameDef]'s Annexation
With our own magistrates already embedded within [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and within [FROM.GetAdjective]'s ranks, all that is left to do is secure the final submission of [FROM.GetLeader] to our cause. Their autonomy, which exists now effectively only on paper, shall be brought to an end.
Offer an Alliance to [FROM.GetNameDef]
Cast adrift by the changing circumstances in China, our allies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] have nonetheless managed to prevail in face of the shifting winds of the nation. Given their alignment towards us, we shall begin negotiations to join forces together and bring about our shared vision for the future.
Negotiate with [FROM.GetNameDef]
The Legation Cities, carved out of China's coast by ravenous foreign powers, is an institution that highlighted the unequal treatment of our proud nation by various imperialists. Having finally brought unity to the interior and ended the instability plaguing it, the Legations no longer serve a purpose in the world. We shall move to end this sad chapter in Chinese history.
Request the Return of the [FROM.GetAdjective] Concessions
The concessions were initially small pieces of land leased out to foreign powers in our weakness, which only expanded in scope as colonial powers sought to bring low our people. Having finally united the nation, we can bring to bear the united might of China and formally challenge the imperialists who desperately cling onto their unjust possessions.
Seize the [FROM.GetAdjective] Concessions
With negotiations having failed, there leaves no other choice but the sword if we are to liberate our coastal citizens from foreign rule. Already our forces have begun amassing along the outskirts, ready to ensure the return of these cities to their rightful owner.
Pressure the Central Government to Act!
While it is true that we have submitted ourselves to the banner of [ROOT.overlord.GetLeader] and the central government, this has always been contingent on the fact that we believe [ROOT.overlord.GetNameDef] to be a credible unifier for our broken nation. The fact that [ROOT.overlord.getadjective] authorities have been dragging their feet in ending China's division is nothing short of disgraceful, and perhaps they need reminding that our loyalty is not unconditional.
Pressure to Act
The Unification Question has plagued Chinese leaders since 1911, and caught between the paradoxically aligned demands of regionalists and nationalists, we have come under pressure to act quickly to reunite the country under our banner. This of course is no easy task and unfortunately those pressing for unification come under considerably less scrutiny than we do for our alleged inaction. However, if we are truly prove ourselves to be the legitimate leaders of China, then we have no choice but to fight and win!
[CHN_expand_autonomous_region_scripted_loc]
[CHN_expand_autonomous_region_desc_scripted_loc]
Expand the MAR to [FROM.GetName]
When our forces first arrived into Mongolia, a decision was made to grant the local Mongolian banners autonomy, resulting in the formation of the Outer Mongolian Autonomous Zone. An Inner Mongolian Autonomous Zone also received consideration as well. Having recently acquired further territory in areas with significant Mongol populations, it would make sense to grant these territories the same treatment.
Expand the XAR to [FROM.GetName]
When our forces first arrived into Xinjiang, a decision was made to grant the diverse province autonomy, resulting in the formation of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Zone. Having recently acquired further territory in areas with significant minority populations, it would make sense to grant these territories the same treatment.
Expand the TAR to [FROM.GetName]
When our forces first arrived into Tibet, a decision was made to grant the local Tibetans autonomy, resulting in the formation of the Outer Tibetan Autonomous Zone. An Inner Tibetan Autonomous Zone also received consideration as well. Having recently acquired further territory in areas with significant Tibetan populations, it would make sense to grant these territories the same treatment.
Orchestrate Sinophile Coup in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
Though we have secured the submission of [FROM.GetNameDef] in exchange for partial independence, the retention of their current leadership was always merely a stopgap. So long as they are in power, the long-term maintenance of our suzerainty will always be in question. Therefore, with their potential patrons either distracted or acquiescing, they will have little choice but to accept a more suitable management roster.
[ChinaGetAlignmentButtonTooltip]
§CWith a Chinese unifier determined, it is no longer possible to view alignments.§!
Click to view the alignments of all §YChinese cliques§!.
Chinese Alignments
Chinese Faction Alignment
Tenets
[?country_leader:china_alignment.GetName] §YAlignment§!
§LNational Protection Alliance§! §YAlignment§!
§YIndependent Cliques§!
Leader: §Y[?global.china_alignment_leaders^alignment_i.GetName]§!\nCliques aligned with §Y[?global.china_alignment_leaders^alignment_i.GetName]§!:
The following cliques are independent. Hover over the flags to see their alignment status with ours.
§Y[THIS.GetName]§!\n[ChinaGetMemberAlignment] §YAligned§!\n[ChinaGetMemberAlignmentCompatibilityStatus]
[?country_leader:china_alignment.GetName]
§YNon§!
This clique is §Ynot aligned§! to any leaderships.
This clique has a §Ycompatible alignment§! with our leadership.
This clique has an §Yincompatible alignment§! with our leadership.
[ChinaGetAlignmentTenetsTitle]
[?country_leader:china_alignment.GetName] §YTenets§!
§YTenets of the§! §LNational Protection Alliance§!
§YIndependent Cliques§!
[ChinaGetAlignmentTenetsDesc]
§LRuled by the magnanimous \
§LThe lasting legacy of the \
§LMuch detested by the Chinese people, the monarchy did not truly die in 1911. With the fire of monarchism continually championed by Kang Youwei, Liang Qichao, the Royal Family and other monarchical groups. Restored to prominence in a false gesture by the Zhili Clique, the monarchist groups within the Assembly were never truly satisfied with their position as second fiddle to Republicans.\n\nFollowing a period of Zhili weakness, the \
§LThe Anguojun Government, formally the National Pacification Army Government, is the supposed last vestiges of the original Beiyang Republic. Or at least, such a statement is claimed by Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin, its ruling figure. Underneath the surface however, the Anguojun is but another source of legitimacy with which Zhang Zuolin clings onto any claim of national legitimacy.\n\nGrouping together the many factions of the Fengtian Clique, such as the Shaoshuai Clique of Zhang Xueliang, the Shikan Clique of Yang Yuting, and the Zhang Clique, the Anguojun also incorporates those disparate factions from its time in Beijing. Carrying with it the legacy of 1928, the Shenyang Assembly sports members from the old Anhui Clique; not too dissimilar to the membership of the Jiwei club, the Old and New Communications Cliques, the Pro-Japanese Concordia Association, and finally any Beiyang bureaucrats ejected from the Beijing Assembly or Zhili. Dysfunctional at best, it is a situation held together by the sheer force of the Old Marshal alone.§!
§LOwing a similar legacy to the Revolutionary Movements of the Xinhai Revolution, the Federalist movement can find its true ancestor in the form of the Tongmenghui. Further advanced by the intellectual musings of the legendary Zhang Taiyan, Liang Qichao, Song Jiaoren, and numerous others, the \
§LThe Kuomintang finds its origins in the Qing-era Revolutionary secret society, the Tongmenghui. Its founder Sun Yat-sen hoped to expel the Manchu Qing and establish a new Chinese Republic which occurred under the Xinhai Revolution. Disgusted with the Beiyang Warlords, Sun established a rival government in Guangzhou in collaboration with other Southern Republicans, such as Chen Jiongming's Federalists. After Sun and Chen had a falling out, the former came into contact with the Internationale, which sent him assistance through Russian exile advisors.\n\nThe Bolsheviks helped Sun revolutionise the Kuomintang in the Reorganisation of 1924, which saw the Party adopt the principles of Democratic Centralism with the goals to unify China under a One-Party State, during which the Party would enact political tutelage to prepare China for democracy and promote Sun's Three Principles of Minsheng, Minzu, and Minquan. After Sun's death, the Kuomintang would become beset with factionalism between the leftists who supported the alliance with the Chinese Syndicalist League and the rightists who opposed it.\n\nAfter the Northern Expedition collapsed and Chiang Kai-shek was killed, the Central Committee fled to Paris with remnants maintaining an Insurgency in the MinGan region. The Left Kuomintang seeks to complete the Unification of China and lead the Socialist Revolution in Asia. There can be no doubt that socialism is the natural conclusion of the Three Principles!§!
§LThe Kuomintang finds its origins in the Qing-era Revolutionary secret society, the Tongmenghui. Its founder Sun Yat-sen hoped to expel the Manchu Qing and establish a new Chinese Republic which occurred under the Xinhai Revolution. Disgusted with the Beiyang Warlords, Sun established a rival government in Guangzhou in collaboration with other Southern Republicans, such as Chen Jiongming's Federalists. After Sun and Chen had a falling out, the former came into contact with the Internationale, which sent him assistance through Russian exile advisors.\n\nThe Bolsheviks helped Sun revolutionise the Kuomintang in the Reorganisation of 1924, which saw the Party adopt the principles of Democratic Centralism with the goals to unify China under a One-Party State, during which the Party would enact political tutelage to prepare China for democracy and promote Sun's Three Principles of Minsheng, Minzu, and Minquan. After Sun's death, the Kuomintang would become beset with factionalism between the leftists who supported the alliance with the Chinese Syndicalist League and the rightists who opposed it.\n\nThe Rightists retreated to Guizhou following the failure of the Northern Expedition as the leftist cowards of the Central Committee fled to Paris. The Right Kuomintang hopes to fulfil Sun's dream by completing the National Revolution, without the scourge of socialism infecting the Three Principles. The New China will not be built on disgusting materialist interpretations of Sanmin doctrine!§!
§LTruly a curious and peculiar grouping of warlords, opportunists, and other malfeasant individuals, the \
§LPerhaps decried as the worst fate to have fallen the Chinese people, the Japanese would appear to have sunk their ever salivating mouths into the China's rotting corpse, and with it they have left a shell of its skeleton in its place. Held together by the Japanese Kwantung Army and their local collaborationist allies, the Japanese Empire has finally extended its influence far beyond the games of the Old Marshal.\n\nWith no coherent ideology shared by their contemporaries bar pro-Japanese attitudes, the leading figures of this government are decried as collaborators, \
§LIn the chaos of the warlord era, many governors operated with total autonomy from the governments in Beijing or Guangzhou. Such unaligned warlords are flexible in their outlook and will attempt to maintain their autonomy in the ever-changing political landscape...§!
§zNorthern Zhili§!
§MSouthern Zhili§!
§qRestorationist§!
§eAnguojun§!
§NBeiyang§!
§fFederalist§!
§kLeft Kuomintang§!
§cRight Kuomintang§!
§GSouthern Republican§!
§jGEACPS§!
Is ruled by a §zNorthern Zhili§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §zNorthern Zhili§! regime
Is ruled by a §YSouthern Zhili§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §YSouthern Zhili§! regime
Is ruled by a §LZhili§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §LZhili§! regime
Is ruled by a §qManchu§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §qManchu§! regime
Is ruled by a §eFengtian§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §eFengtian§! regime
Is ruled by a §NBeiyang§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §NBeiyang§! regime
Is ruled by the §fFederalist§!
Is §Rnot§! ruled by the §fFederalists§!
Is ruled by the §kLeft Kuomintang§!
Is §Rnot§! ruled by the §kLeft Kuomintang§!
Is ruled by the §cRight Kuomintang§!
Is §Rnot§! ruled by the §cRight Kuomintang§!
Is ruled by a §GSouthern Republican§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §GSouthern Republican§! regime
Is ruled by a §jGEACPS§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §jGEACPS§! regime
Is ruled by a §zNorthern Zhili-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §zNorthern Zhili-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §YSouthern Zhili-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §YSouthern Zhili-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §LZhili-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §LZhili-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §qManchu-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §qManchu-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §eFengtian-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §eFengtian-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §NBeiyang-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §NBeiyang-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §fFederalist-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by §fFederalist-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §kLeft Kuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §kLeft Kuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §cRight Kuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §cRight Kuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §kKuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §kKuomintang-friendly§! regime
Is ruled by a §GSouthern Republican-friendly§! regime
Is §Rnot§! ruled by a §GSouthern Republican-friendly§! regime
Is an unaligned clique
Is §Rnot§! an unaligned clique
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! will change by [?change_league_war_morale_by|+0].
§RMen will defect from our army!§!
\n§RRefusal Chance: [?refusal_weight|%-]§!\nInfluencing factors:\n   - §YGovernment Type§!\n   - §YTotal Number of Governorates§!\n   - §YRelative Army Strength§!\n   - §YRelative Industrial Strength§!\n   - §YOpinion§!\n
§R[FROM.GetNameWithFlag] may request a foreign power's protection!§!
§RThey might demand an ideologically compatible government in return!§!
Refused a previous offer of alliance
Has §Rnot§! refused previous offers of alliance
all Chinese countries
All Chinese countries
Chinese countries can be cored upon reaching §H50% average compliance§!.\nThe §H$territorial_integration$§! occupation law can be used on occupied Chinese states.
(§Y$all_chinese_countries_tt_cap$§!) $MODIFIER_COMPLIANCE_GAIN_ADD$: [?0.01|+=%%]
(§Y$all_chinese_countries_tt_cap$§!) $MODIFIER_RESISTANCE_TARGET$: [?-0.1|-=%0]
§YOwner§! of §Y[608.GetName]§!: Has a war goal against §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§!
§YOwner§! of §Y[608.GetName]§!: Has a war with active war goal against §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§!
The Chinese United Front exists.
The Chinese United Front does not exist.
Members of the United Front cannot declare other wars.
§YWe will begin preparing ourselves to challenge the Central Government. If we end up at war with our master (either during the post-unification crisis or due to a failed attempt to integrate us), we will gain an attack bonus against them. The more prepared we are, the longer our initial attack bonus will last!§!
§R[FROM.GetNameDefCap] authorities are positioning themselves to challenge our rule. We must be ready to confront them. (The more prepared they are, the longer their initial attack bonus will last!)§!
§GWe will expand preparations to challenge the Central Government. (The more prepared we are, the longer our initial attack bonus will last!)§!
§RThe circumstances of the scenario we face mean that we will not be able to challenge the Central Government without priming our people in advance, barring any further outrage created by the central government.§!
§RThis risky action on our part may generate scandal and give regional actors cause to challenge our authority!§!
§GThis abominable action by the Central Government has generated considerable scandal. We now have cause to challenge their authority!§!
§cWe have done our patriotic duty.§!
§RWe will incentivise [ROOT.overlord.GetNameDef] to begin taking decisive action to ensure unification. They will be much more likely to end up at war in the near future - we must be ready to aid them!§!
§RThe pressure to pursue unification will only grow in strength!§!
§YWe have been recognised as the most legitimate government in China.§!
§YIs the most legitimate government in China§!
§YIs§! §Rnot§! §Ythe most legitimate government in China§!
§YHas unified China§!
§YHas§! §Rnot§! §Yunified China§!
Is at war with the Chinese United Front
The §YSouth China War§! has ended.
§YWe have chosen a permanent capital for China.§!
We shall assume national leadership of the
§e$CHN_assume_tt$ Anguojun.§!
§j$CHN_assume_tt$ GEACPS Alignment.§!
§f$CHN_assume_tt$ Federalists.§!
§k$CHN_assume_tt$ Left Kuomintang.§!
§z$CHN_assume_tt$ Northern Zhili Clique.§!
§q$CHN_assume_tt$ Restorationists.§!
§c$CHN_assume_tt$ Right Kuomintang.§!
§Y$CHN_assume_tt$ Southern Zhili Clique.§!
No Other Existing Factions Have Claimed the
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §eAnguojun§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §jGEACPS§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §fFederalist§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §kLeft Kuomintang§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §zNorthern Zhili§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §qRestorationist§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §cRight Kuomintang§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §MSouthern Zhili§! Mantle.§!
§Y$CHN_no_other_tt$ §LNational Protection Alliance§! Mantle.§!
Has revolted in the past 90 days.
Has §Rnot§! revolted in the past 90 days.
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! will be gained proportionate to $IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! will be deducted proportionate to $IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! will be deducted proportionate to non-$IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! will be deducted proportionate to $IDEOLOGY1$ and $IDEOLOGY2$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! will be deducted proportionate to non-$IDEOLOGY1$ and non-$IDEOLOGY2$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_pol_power §YPolitical Power§! will be deducted proportionate to non-$IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity in $COUNTRY$.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! and £GFX_pol_power §YPolitical Power§! will be deducted proportionate to $IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! and £GFX_pol_power §YPolitical Power§! will be deducted proportionate to non-$IDEOLOGY$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! and £GFX_pol_power §YPolitical Power§! will be deducted proportionate to $IDEOLOGY1$ and $IDEOLOGY2$ Party Popularity.§!
§C£GFX_stability_texticon §YStability§! and £GFX_pol_power §YPolitical Power§! will be deducted proportionate to non-$IDEOLOGY1$ and non-$IDEOLOGY2$ Party Popularity.§!
§eAnguojun§! Aligned
§NBeiyang Government§! Aligned
§jGEACPS§! Aligned
§fFederalist§! Aligned
§kLeft Kuomintang§! Aligned
Non Aligned
§zNorthern Zhili§! Aligned
§qRestorationist§! Aligned
§cRight Kuomintang§! Aligned
§GSouthern Republican§! Aligned
§MSouthern Zhili§! Aligned
Army Reform
Chinese armies and those of separatist states have long struggled to catch up to Western standards. Soldiers are notoriously poorly trained and disorderly, often recruited from a varied stock of bandits, petty criminals, and the chronically destitute. Equipment is regularly patchwork, obsolete, or even downright archaic. Loyalty is typically given to individual officers, or a regularly filled ricebowl, and ideological motivation is ephemeral at best. It will take a great deal to rebuild these armies along modern lines.\n
Army Reform
Formed by the needs of the waning days of the Qing and moulded by the experiences of the Warlord Era, Chinese warlord armies and armies of various breakaway states are almost feudal in nature, organised by bands of regional strongmen. Our army has been frequently criticised for its low quality, with some officers accused of being incompetent at everything but enriching themselves. We must strive for more than this, especially if we wish to stand for anything greater.
Lessons of War
The lessons of war have taught us considerably in the ways of modern conflict. With renewed ambition, we must pursue major structural reforms to bring our forces up to date, building a force that can stand the test of time.
Cleanse Army Corruption
The soldier's pay has historically been very poor in China, but there is little shortage in \
Reorganise Military Units
Our march towards unification has come at a cost: many of our starting units have been severely thinned out from casualties and desertion, others have been swelled to an unmanageable size by deserting opponents and ad hoc reinforcements, while still others were rushed to the front before they could be properly constituted. As a result, quality has been severely degraded across the board - with uneven and ill-planned distributions of veteran and green units. Like a dulled knife, the army needs to be sharpened and this can only occur by rotating exhausted units to the rear echelons for much needed reprieve and reorganisation. Doing in a way that does not leave further vulnerabilities poses a significant logistical challenge and will require a major top-down effort by military planners.
Disband Unreliable Units
The army as it stands is like a circus, a diverse collection of units of varying sizes, quality, and origins that looks like a display showcase rather than a uniform, disciplined symbol of the new government. While there are some elite, dedicated units bearing modern equipment and slick uniforms, they are few and far between compared to the larger number of ex-warlord and ex-bandit armies that harass the locals and then run at the face of danger. Worse, some units only exist on paper - these ghost units go beyond inflated unit rosters, with skeletal staffing if they exist at all.\n\nWhile quantity does have a quality of its own, it also has degrading effects on quality with many better units distrusting lesser ones to guard their flanks and more idealistic soldiers suffering severe damage to morale upon witnessing the barbaric acts of their \
Purge Disloyal Officers
As enemy armies began to disintegrate, many of our former foes began to defect and sometimes entire formations changed uniforms. Unfortunately, this is often dismissed as just another reality of a military career in warlord China and neighbouring areas and while somewhat true many grow complacent about the dangers this poses for the future of the army. Many freshly recruited officers are not particularly interested in our cause, yet expect to retain the same privileges and status they enjoyed under their previous employers. Some are borderline mutinous, dismissive of loyal officers' attempts to integrate them into our mission.\n\nWe excise this tumour before it begins to spread, dismissing the most egregious examples and pre-emptively screening future recruits for loyalty. Of course, dismissed officers in the region tend to depart in turn with entire staff and units loyal to them personally, taking their guns with them. There is plenty of concern they will become bandits so we must be extra alert.
Enforce Military Discipline
The Chinese military has long been seen as a career of last choice for sons of the gentry and other elites: honourable young men historically were expected to do well on the Imperial Examination and go into the civilian bureaucracy. Even at the height of the warlord era, there remains considerable stigma towards military service among educated men because of prevalent negative stereotypes of soldiers and their officers as being bands of thieves, murderers, and bullies.\n\nThis has proven to be a self-fulfilling prophecy, and reports of looting and extrajudicial punishments enacted by even some of our most trusted units have grown disquietingly common as our armies grow drunk with victory and power. It will certainly not be popular, but reasserting our government's authority is needed if we are to preserve the integrity of our army. Some examples will have to be made from some while other cases will have to be covered up, both will damage our political legitimacy in the short term but is a necessary evil to ensure the long-term viability of our cause.
Insist on Civilian Control
Chinese dynasties have historically looked down on military service as lowly, and Confucian Scholar-Bureaucrats long prided themselves on maintaining strict control over the military. The waning days of the Qing Dynasty and the chaos of the Warlord Era has allowed the military to slip from the grasp of the civilian government. Worse, the lines between the two have often blurred, with military figures inserting themselves directly into the civilian government and civilian figures donning on military titles in an effort to maintain both control and legitimacy. If our army is to shed its reputation as a band of warlords, we need to leverage the might of our government into reining in our officers, even if it is likely to cause conflict in the near future.
Desertion has declined thanks to a mix of pay increases, better morale, and greater competence across the board. Ghost soldiers are being slowly eliminated from army rosters, though considerably more reforms are required to fully eliminate the issue. With officers promoted by merit rather than patronage or nepotism, a coordinated and effective command structure can emerge its place.
Warlord Era Inadequacies
Despite various claims, there has never really been a \
Warlord Era Inadequacies
Despite various claims, there has never really been a \
Systemic Military Shortcomings
The first steps toward systematic military reform are underway, beginning to sweep aside the corruption and many inadequacies plaguing what will one day be a true Chinese army. A centralised bureaucracy and coordinated logistics are the first step on such a journey, and will build the foundation for future reforms. A more reliable system of supply and payment is already being established, ensuring better retention of troops, reducing incentives to loot, and building trust with local populations. For now, the system remains vulnerable to theft and embezzlement, but you can't make Danhuatang without breaking some eggs.
Systemic Military Shortcomings
The first steps toward systematic military reform are underway, beginning to sweep aside the corruption and many inadequacies plaguing what will one day be a true Chinese army. A centralised bureaucracy and coordinated logistics are the first step on such a journey, and will build the foundation for future reforms.\n\n$china_poor_officers_fixed_text$\n\nA more reliable system of supply and payment is already being established, ensuring better retention of troops, reducing incentives to loot, and building trust with local populations. For now, the system remains vulnerable to theft and embezzlement, but you can't make Danhuatang without breaking some eggs.
Military Reforms in Progress
Army reform continues steadily, though not always at an even pace. The difficult task of breaking up localised units and wider patronage networks has begun, albeit with considerable resistance both open and subversive. New officers without such extensive connections, hoped to be more competent and less overtly corrupt, have been assigned as the command roster begins to shift. Training and requisition too are being reformed, though some elements are resistant to these changes, seeing them as too far and too fast. Although unit quality can vary, the baseline has been lifted far above the old \
Military Reforms in Progress
Army reform continues steadily, though not always at an even pace. The difficult task of breaking up localised units and wider patronage networks has begun, albeit with considerable resistance both open and subversive. New officers without such extensive connections, hoped to be more competent and less overtly corrupt, have been assigned as the command roster begins to shift.\n\n$china_poor_officers_fixed_text$\n\nTraining and requisition too are being reformed, though some elements are resistant to these changes, seeing them as too far and too fast. Although unit quality can vary, the baseline has been lifted far above the old \
A Reformed Military Force
The army has come a long way since its chaotic and dishevelled state mere years ago. Thanks to a great deal of effort, and experience earned from successes in the battlefield, its core units stand on the cusp of modernity; their battlefield prowess more attributable to equipment and specialisation than outright neglect.\n\n$china_poor_officers_fixed_text$\n\nThe same cannot be said for the entire force, nor allied and integrated units in particular, but the path is now clear to building a new, modern, and unified army to defend Chinese interests.
§RWe have done our best to minimise the growing pains of our rapidly expanding armies but we can hold back the impact no further. Direct action will have to be taken to address these mounting issues in our ranks.§!
§RWe will take initiative in scaling up the size of our military, unlocking further avenues to improve our armies but also forcing us to shoulder the burdens of an expanded military force and to address them pre-emptively.§!
§RHaving failed to make additional progress in eliminating the disarray that has gripped our military, morale has plunged but we can find some solace in that it cannot get any worse.§!
§ROur prior efforts at scaling our military has helped to buffer the impact of our rapidly expanding armies, though could not fully shield us from the natural deterioration of quality liberation has brought.§!
Military Disarray
Despite resounding successes on the battlefield and the bravery our soldiers demonstrated on the march towards unification, the army has grown severely bloated as a result of incorporating thousands of defectors, volunteers, and the capture of enemy stockpiles. At the same time, paradoxically, many of the army's elite starting units have grown depleted as the expedition went on, some existing effectively only on paper. Their reinforcements have been either delayed or redirected as logistics snarled going northwards.\n\nThe pervasive, nearly systematic, rot that has spread across the army has become impossible to excise. If we are to save it from becoming a shambling mass of men, the only realistic solution left is to temporarily demobilise entire army corps wholescale and rebuild anew division by division. This is a tall order and expected to face significant resistance, especially since warlord units will face the brunt of disbandment orders.
Military Disorder
Some progress has been made in rebuilding the army, though problems continue. Many local commanders have resisted our orders to disband, fearing that our efforts will come primarily at the expense of their power. Others fear demobilisation will leave their sectors unguarded, or hesitate to split apart units that have years of camaraderie.\n\nStill, brigade by brigade and regiment by regiment our divisions are slowly being reconstituted once more into fighting units. As the frontline solidifies somewhat, a more steady logistical train has been established, thus alleviating some pressing concerns about the state of our military. Time is of the essence however, it is only a matter of time before the NRA is once more called to protect and defend China.
Military Disorganisation
The sweeping successes of the army during the Northern Expedition hid a growing problem within its ranks: that of outrunning its logistical tail and becoming over-bloated like the armies of the warlords. After thorough discussion and realising there was no other options, the high command ordered a thorough demobilisation.\n\nIt was a painful process but it seems that the worst of it is behind us now. Most of our best divisions are fully restored, and those we have raised or acquired along the way have been largely integrated into our ranks. There remain many command and control issues at a corps and army level, though this can be chalked up to growing pains as our freshly build army balloons in size. They must remain vigilant however, we have considerable ground to make up as we continue onwards to national unification.
§RWe have done our best to resolve local economic disruptions but we cannot withstand the mounting financial downturn conquest has wrought. Direct action must be taken to stabilise the national economy.§!
§RWe will take initiative repairing the sorry state of our national economy, unlocking further avenues to improve various commerical and industrial sectors, making the system more resilient as we expand.§!
§RHaving failed to make additional progress in eliminating the chaos that plagues our national economy, faith in our government's fiscal stability has plunged but we can find some solace in that it cannot get any worse.§!
§ROur prior efforts at reforms has helped to reduce the economic shocks of reintegrating large portions the country, though could not fully prevent fiscal upheaval.§!
Devastated National Economy
China was once the wealthiest nation in the world, the centre of booming trade and elegant craftsmanship. The decadence of the Qing dynasty, isolation from the outside world, and our predecessors' failure to grasp the significance of the industrial revolution doomed the mighty power to a Century of Humiliation. Having failed to modernise and keep pace with foreign powers, China lagged behind in industrial production. Heavily dependent on foreign investment to industrialise, what little that has been created is largely owned by foreigners, who exploit their advantageous position to extract significant concessions from squabbling and corrupt Chinese leaders. Meanwhile, the countryside is still underdeveloped and unequal, with little mechanisation and production while remaining manpower intensive.\n\nUnder strain from recent wars, forced to bear the burdens of moving armies, taxation, and war-time destruction, the system has effectively collapsed. Foreign investors are pulling out, trade is disrupted, looting and banditry is widespread, and vast swathes of territory under our control is facing famine. Many are questioning our government's ability to back up the currency it is issuing or handle the growing crisis, and we have precious little time to get things back on track.
Damaged National Economy
Although the [ROOT.GetAdjective] economy has improved somewhat, its woes still continue to multiply. Attracted like flies to the emerging stability of the new government, creditors of the previous government have come out of the woodwork expecting us to honour our obligations. Our actual ability to pay off our debts is still in the air as many still distrust the longevity of our regime and plenty refuse to accept our currency. More has to be done and fast - our armies, government, and patronage networks require money to run. The longer we dawdle, the more risk we undertake.\n\nWe may have less room to manoeuvre than our western counterparts. After a Century of Humiliation, China's economy is very fragile with limited modernisation in its agricultural and industrial sectors. Heavily dependent on foreign investments and the expense of political stability, and suffering from severe socio-political rot due to the warlord era, the strains of recent war severely damaged the economy of territories under our control. Though we may have stemmed the worst of the crisis, heading off inflation and bringing workers, merchants, and peasants back to work remains a priority. Fears of a famine have mostly subsided, though many continue to go hungry and there are areas that remain at severe risk for further crisis. There is much for us to do before we can declare a return to normal.
Disrupted National Economy
The Century of Humiliation left a battered China, with an economy that could ill afford the chaos caused by warlord infighting. Still, it has proved more resilient than expected, and some segments are coming slowly coming back to life. With more and more people coming to accept that our government is likely here to stay, a gentle hum has returned to life in the cities and the factories. Productivity has mostly returned to normal in our core territories, though areas more recently seized by our forces remain in dire straits as we work to reintegrate the disrupted system. Further effort is needed to truly bring China into the future.
National Illiteracy
Illiteracy remains widespread across the nation, despite persistent calls from reforms across the political spectrum to address the issue. For many, it has become emblematic of the \
Disrupted Economy
Rapid action is needed to avoid economic catastrophe!
Recovering Economy
Stabilising Economy
After considerable hard work over the last few months, our economy has stabilised considerably. Although we still struggle to maintain our reserves and back up our currency, there has been some resilience in the money we have printed and they are mostly accepted within our borders. Once thought to be at risk of bankruptcy, we have assured most of the world of our financial prudence. With a little more effort, our economy will soon be humming back to life.
An Army in Transition
Reforming the military is an ongoing process, often made more difficult by pre-existing military reform programmes that have to either be salvaged, redesigned or scrubbed away in order to make way for progress. Having already made some headway along one path, our high command has elected to pivot to another, with consequences in the meantime.
Northern School
Ordnance and Orthodoxy
§LChina's northern warlords mostly hail from the Xuantong-era military schools at Baoding and Tianjin and represent the cream of an increasingly old crop of officers. Educated in the Prussian style and fighting mainly on the northern plain, their style of command emphasises positional warfare alongside the importance of well-drilled troops; especially the artillery.§!
Southern School
Mass and Mobility
§LLacking the resources of the northern warlords and fighting mainly in the tumbling mountains and valleys of the south, China's southern warlords emphasise numbers and manoeuvre warfare. Aggression is rewarded, openings are always to be exploited, and heavy artillery is replaced by swift mountain guns.§!
Green Forest School
Resilience and Requisition
§LSome of China's warlords have no military schooling whatsoever and instead refer to themselves as having attended the 'university of the green forest'. Yet, for all their shortcomings, these former (and sometimes active) bandits bring a unique approach to warfare, able to remain flexible and resilient in even the most trying circumstances. Some may call their methods crude or even criminal, but they often get results.§!
League War Support
Request [FROM.GetAdjective] Rifles
Request [FROM.GetAdjective] Artillery
Request [FROM.GetAdjective] Support Equipment
§H[FROM.GetNameDefCap]§! has §Rnot§! refused a request in the last three months.
Awaiting a response about another request.
The League War
With the death of Sun Chuanfang, the §YLeague of Eight Provinces§! has collapsed in one fell stroke. The winner of the League War is sure to play a major role in determining China's future, and to survive the trial by fire, our people have been promised - and expect - a short, decisive campaign.\n\n£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! is a representation of the people's belief in our victory and their willingness to fight for that victory. With high £GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!, we will be capable of rallying the people to our cause and securing foreign support. £GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! can be §Ggained§! through:\n - Capturing enemy territory\n - Holding the city of Nanjing\n\nOn the other hand, the longer the war takes, the more we will seem to fail to live up to our promises. Should £GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! drop low enough, our troops will begin to defect and their fighting ability will be severely crippled. £GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! can be §Rlost§! by:\n - Losing territory\n - Progression of time
Scavenge for Supplies in Jiangxi
Scavenge for Supplies in Fujian
Scavenge for Supplies in Zhejiang
Scavenge for Supplies in Nanjing
Scavenge for Supplies in Anhui
Scavenge for Supplies in Jiangsu
Scavenge for Supplies in Shandong
Raise Men in Jiangxi
Raise Men in Fujian
Raise Men in Zhejiang
Raise Men in Nanjing
Raise Men in Anhui
Raise Men in Jiangsu
Raise Men in Shandong
Appeal for Japanese Support
Appeal for Zhili Support
Appeal for German Support
Appeal for Internationale Support
Raise Nationalists
Control Nanjing
By holding China's old capital, we possess a powerful symbol of legitimacy both to our people and the world.
Take Nanjing
We must move quickly to secure control of Nanjing, lest the war drags on...
Collapsing Morale
We have failed to make advances, and now the tide of the war has turned against us...
Current §YMorale§!: [GetLeagueWarMorale] ([?china_league_war_morale])
§4Unbreakable§!
§GVery High§!
§nHigh§!
§7Rising§!
§YMedium§!
§8Middling§!
§9Falling§!
§RLow§!
§rVery Low§!
§oDestroyed§!
League War Morale
Has more than $RIGHT|Y0$ £GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§! will sink §odangerously low!§!
£GFX_pol_violence §H5§!
£GFX_pol_violence §R5§!
It costs $china_five_morale_blocked$ to take the decision
£GFX_pol_violence §H10§!
£GFX_pol_violence §R10§!
It costs $china_ten_morale_blocked$ to take the decision
This mission will continue to §Yrepeat§!
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!: [SHD.GetLeagueWarMorale] ([?SHD.china_league_war_morale])
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!: [ANQ.GetLeagueWarMorale] ([?ANQ.china_league_war_morale])
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!: [LEP.GetLeagueWarMorale] ([?LEP.china_league_war_morale])
£GFX_pol_violence §YMorale§!: [CHI.GetLeagueWarMorale] ([?CHI.china_league_war_morale])
§Y[SHD.GetName]§!\n--------------\n[GetLeagueWarMoraleSHD]
§Y[ANQ.GetName]§!\n--------------\n[GetLeagueWarMoraleANQ]
§Y[LEP.GetName]§!\n--------------\n[GetLeagueWarMoraleLEP]
§Y[CHI.GetName]§!\n--------------\n[GetLeagueWarMoraleCHI]
§Y[LEP.GetName]§!\n--------------\n§RThis contender is not currently in the war§!
§RThis contender is not currently in the war!§!
The League War has ended.
National Land Reform
Although our government has done considerable work in improving the plight of the Chinese people, the reality is that the Warlord Era has done considerable damage to many parts of the country and stunted growth in others. Some of the worst affected regions are rural in nature, having seen little benefits of the industrialisation China has painfully undergone over the last few decades. After years of domestic turmoil and governmental neglect, many continue to suffer under the yoke of unfair tenantry laws, inadequate equipment, out-of-date techniques, various predatory entities, and natural disasters.\n\nWith our battlefield victories now won, it is up to us to face the next front in China's reconstruction and make those triumphs count. It is time that we make our mark on China's countryside, and alleviate the suffering of our people.
Implement Land Reform in [FROM.GetName]
There have been many thinkers and theorists who have posed potential solutions to the decades-long issues festering in the Chinese countryside. Having successfully united the nation under one banner, we have the sufficient resources and stability to implement a comprehensive plan to solve these problems. All that is needed now is the political will to carry out such an effort on a large scale.
Unequal Treaties
Calls for a United Front
The outbreak of war between a Chinese government and foreign threats has led to an outpouring of patriotic sentiment across the nation. There are widespread calls for the various warring Chinese governments to put aside their differences and form a Chinese United Front in the name of national defence. For any factions found outside of this alliance, the political consequences may be dire.\n\n§RFighting against the United Front will result in this penalty remaining for the duration of the war.§!
China United!
Now that we have captured the capital and formed a new Chinese government, we must subjugate the remaining warlords.
Revolutionary Fervour
Now that the League has broken and open warfare has begun, the forces of Nanjing are in chaos and forced to fight on multiple fronts against their enemies. Now is the time for us to strike and lay claim to what is rightfully ours!
Nanjing Re-Organised
The traitors have failed to break us despite our weaknesses, now the time has come for us to strike back and reclaim what is ours!
Foreign Support
Due to our success in the war, a foreign mission has been sent to help us see through our victory.
Desertions Common
A string of defeats has resulted in more and more men refusing to fight, sometimes joining the army to receive a new pair clothes and sell them off at the nearest market.
§YLeague War Morale§!\nPolitical Power: [?china_morale_dm_political_power_gain|+=%0]\nWar Support: [?china_morale_dm_war_support_factor|+%=2]\nSurrender Limit: [?china_morale_dm_surrender_limit|+%=0]\nBreakthrough: [?china_morale_dm_breakthrough_factor|+%=1]
Collapsing Morale
[THIS.GetLeader]'s failure to bring a decisive end to war has resulted in a complete and utter collapse of morale among the ranks. Day by day, soldiers lay down their weapons or turn to banditry, leaving our cause to its fate.
Motivated Soldiers
The Defence of Nanjing
\
The Defence of Nanjing
It is a glorious day for the Chinese nation! Not only has the White Sun managed to advance far beyond the MinGan Insurgent Zone, the proud National Revolutionary Army has successfully secured the chosen capital of the Guofu, Dr. Sun. With the Southern Capital secured, the nation is sure to follow.\nAs long as Nanjing is within [ROOT.GetLeader]'s grasp, we will retain the effects of this spirit for the duration of the League War. §RHowever should Nanjing fall from our hands, we will lose this spirit!§!\n\nNonetheless, we retain the upper hand. Fu Zhan!
The Defence of Nanjing
Besieged upon all sides and beset by enemies both internally and externally, the League but retains two strengths: control of the Southern Capital, and the brave, modern and model Wusheng Lianjun. The League Marshal cannot allow such perfidious deriders to co-opt his rightful mantle!\nAs long as Nanjing is within [ROOT.GetLeader]'s grasp, we will retain the effects of this spirit for the duration of the League War. §RHowever should Nanjing fall from our hands, we will lose this spirit!§!\n\nNonetheless, we retain the upper hand. Fu Zhan!
The Defence of Nanjing
In a most curious turn of events, it would appear that it was not Chen Tiaoyuan, the League Marshal nor the vile Kuomintang radicals that managed to secure the Southern Capital. Instead it was [ROOT.GetLeader] and his loyal cadres! Under his watch, a new Eastern Polity shall rise...\nAs long as Nanjing is within [ROOT.GetLeader]'s grasp, we will retain the effects of this spirit for the duration of the League War. §RHowever should Nanjing fall from our hands, we will lose this spirit!§!\n\nNonetheless, we retain the upper hand. Fu Zhan!
[CHN_GetRevoltTargetIdeaNameFake]
[CHN_GetRevoltTargetIdeaName]
[CHN_GetRevoltTargetIdeaDesc]
The March Against Anqing
From the fateful dissolution of the League of Eight Provinces to both Beijing and Nanjing flying the same banner, Anqing has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, but the peoples of the Anhui Province pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Liangguang
Despite numerous setbacks and a revolving door of governments, Liangguang has accomplished their decades-old goal of uniting China. This was a difficult feat, especially rare for a Southern based Chinese government, but the peoples of the two Guangs (Guangdong and Guangxi), pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Kuomintang
From the mountains of Fujian, to the Blue Sky and White Sun flying over most of China, the Left Kuomintang Committee has completed their National Revolution. This was a difficult feat, especially considering the guerilla beginnings of the MinGan Insurgency, but the National Revolutionary Army pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Fengtian
Triumphantly returning bearing the Five-Coloured Flag from Beijing to the Begonia Leaf, The Fengtian Clique has accomplished their decades-old goal of uniting China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, but the peoples of the Northeast pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Hunan
From the fateful dissolution of the League of Eight Provinces to both Beijing and Nanjing flying the same banner, Hunan has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, but the peoples of the Hunan have pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Kumuliks
In a turn of surprising, even unfathomable events, the Government in Hami, or Kumul, has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, and the leaders of the Kumuliks now gather their spoils.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Legations
To the surprise of many onlookers, and the horror of many Chinese, an International Mandate has been established in all of China. This unconventional turnout of events have left practically everyone in the world stunned, while the International Mandate gathers its spoils.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Nanjing
From the fateful dissolution of the League of Eight Provinces to both Beijing and Nanjing flying the same banner, The Nanjing Clique has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, and it seemed that German control over China would come to last.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Manchuria
With the unwavering support of their overlords, the Manchurian state has broken the scene of Chinese unification by taking over the Middle Kingdom themselves. Both domestic and international voices are in disarray, debating whether this iteration of China can be considered a China at all.\n\nIn any case, the Manchurian government stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Qing
Despite numerous hardships, and even an attempted coup by their own sponsors, the Zhili, the Aisin Gioro Dynasty has retained their Mandate of Heaven, and the emperor has united China under his jade throne once again since the Xinhai Revolution. While the Qing were always a popular contender for China, they encountered, and overcame each obstacle until there seemed to be none left.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Zhili
Despite numerous hardships, the Zhili Clique has united China in their vision, and the Jade Marshal has united China under his thumb finally. While the Zhili were always a popular contender for China, they encountered, and overcame each obstacle until there seemed to be none left.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Shanxi
Despite numerous setbacks and a revolving door of governments, Shanxi has accomplished their decades-old goal of uniting China. This was a difficult feat, especially as the province was once one of the least developed in all of China, but the peoples of Shanxi pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Xinjiang
In a turn of surprising, even unfathomable events, the Xinjiang Clique has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, and the leaders of Xinjiang now gather their spoils.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Shandong
From the fateful dissolution of the League of Eight Provinces to both Beijing and Nanjing flying the same banner, Shandong has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, but the peoples of Shandong pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Sichuan
Despite numerous setbacks and a revolving door of governments, Sichuan has accomplished their decades-old goal of uniting China. This was a difficult feat, especially rare for a Southern based Chinese government, but the peoples of Sichuan pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Taiwan
With the unwavering support of their overlords, the Taiwanese state has broken the scene of Chinese unification by taking over the Middle Kingdom themselves. Both domestic and international voices are in disarray, debating whether this iteration of China can be considered a China at all.\n\nIn any case, the Taiwanese government stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against the Ma
In a turn of surprising, even unfathomable events, the Ma Clique has united China. The bloody struggle for power for the unification of China was costly, and the Family Ma now gathers their spoils.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
The March Against Yunnan
Despite numerous setbacks and a revolving door of governments, Yunnan has accomplished their decades-old goal of uniting China. This was a difficult feat, especially rare for a Southern based Chinese government, but the peoples of Yunnan pulled it off in face of impossible odds.\n\nBut they celebrated too early. Drunk on their power, they stumbled into one final set of hurdles as the regional governments on the periphery grew disenchanted. Rallying their supporters against perceived abuses, these challengers mount a campaign to topple China's would-be rulers. Their successes hinge on the ability of their armies to take on the new central army and with banners raised they march to war.
Return to the World Stage
China was once a great Hegemon in the East, brought low by domestic stagnation and foreign Imperialism. Having successfully reunited China on its own terms, China is now free to begin piecing back together its former Empire - one step at a time.
Return to the World Stage
China seeks to return to its traditional place as the \
The Dragon Roars
China has returned to its traditional place as the great Eastern Hegemon, shaking off its slumber and driving out foreign influences from its traditional borders. As it works to recreate its old sphere of influence, it has proven more willing to behave belligerently with rival powers - fiercely contesting existing spheres of influence in Asia and the Pacific.
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] into the East Asian Community
We have recently celebrated the entry of [FROM.GetNameDef] into [ROOT.GetFactionName], and with our expanded partnership it would be wise to propose expanding our ties to include additional joint economic projects that will bring the entire continent closer together.
Chinese reunification has allowed its government to mobilise its vast economy to once again be the centre of commerce in the East. It has moved to found a trade bloc that it hopes will unite the various post-colonial Asian and Pacific states and allow them to build independent economies from Europe.
The East Asian Community
$CHN_east_asian_community_shared_intro$\n\nOf course, as the founder and largest economy within this bloc, China enjoys a privileged position within this economic system.
$CHN_east_asian_community_founder_level_1_idea$
$CHN_east_asian_community_founder_level_1_idea_desc$ This trade bloc and its associated economic development programmes has also expanded to include cultural and academic exchanges.
Centre of the World Federation
$CHN_east_asian_community_shared_intro$\n\nHaving brought the great powers of the world into its federation, China is able to completely reorder global trade around itself.
East Asia Community Member
$CHN_east_asian_community_shared_intro$\n\nAs a member state, we benefit from Chinese investments however it also requires us to open up our economy to Chinese investment.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Invasion Imminent
Imminent [FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] Invasion of [FROM.GetName]
Reports from the border indicate that we will soon be under attack from our wretched neighbours in [FROM.GetName]. Dissatisfied with our government, [FROM.GetLeader] has formally denounced us before a crowd in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Since then, more and more units have amassed along the border. Small skirmishes have already begun as our opponents make probing attacks and tensions spike. We must hurry to our defence, lest we be crushed under the weight of our foes.
We have received a warning from our allies in [FROM.GetName] that an invasion from [FROM.FROM.GetName] is on the horizon. Both sides have already begun preparation for such a conflict as the border grows increasingly tense. Given our prior obligations to [FROM.GetName], we will likely be drawn into this conflict. We must begin scrambling troops of our own immediately - let us hope that our decision to ally with the [FROM.GetAdjective] was not made too hastily.
Assemble the general staff!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands Our Submission
Confident in their growing strength or perhaps merely seeking to project it in these times of troubles, we have received a series of demands from [FROM.GetLeader]'s government demanding our immediate recognition of their authority. This would naturally entail the stationing of troops, adhering to their decrees and likely further tributes that would naturally be sent to a national government.\n\nCalling their bluff of course, is always an option. It will likely mean war, though freedom from tyranny often requires such a price. Especially in warlord-era China, the nation is littered with failed governments who overstretched themselves assailing \
We acquiesce to their demands.
We stand defiant!
We are the legitimate government of China!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Submits to Our Authority
Seeing few potential options to preserve their autonomy and believing us to be their best one, the government of [FROM.GetLeader] has agreed to recognise us as the legitimate rulers of China. In doing so they have committed to harmonising their laws with ours, provide troops for our wars, and commit to further coordination in national affairs.\n\nIn return however they have in practice preserved much of their old government, as well as the patronage networks that operate underneath. Warlord troops have always been known to be unwieldy and the warlords themselves untrustworthy. Further integration will have to be discussed another day, for now though the status quo works.
We are magnanimous rulers.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Yield!
Despite our efforts to settle the matter peacefully, [FROM.GetLeader] has formally renounced our efforts at promoting national unity and begun mobilising [FROM.GetAdjective] units in a show of force to try and ward us off. [FROM.GetLeader.GetSheHeCap] has also ejected all of our representatives and denounced our government as illegitimate, spreading such vile lies throughout [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nNaturally his actions are a grave insult, but our best course of action remains to be seen. Given the stubborn and fickle nature of warlords, rejection was always in the cards. But enforcing our will on [FROM.GetNameDef] will require allocating forces which may be spent elsewhere. Timing, as always, is everything.
Let us begin a buildup at the border.
The invasion begins now!
The [FROM.GetName] Offers a joint strike against [GXC.GetAdjective]
A most peculiar offer has arrived upon the desk of [ROOT.GetLeader] as of recent. Intermixed with the flurrying reports on the national situation was a finely printed telegram from the neighbouring Governor of [FROM.GetNameDef], [FROM.GetLeader]. Indicating mutual allegiances to our shared cause, the promotion of national unity, securing of borders, and the furthering mutual ties, the esteemed Governor has offered a \
Arm in arm, we advance on Guangdong!
I was never one to trust [FROM.GetLeader].
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Answers Our Call!
Most fortuitous news! It would appear our call for aid in a future campaign against [GXC.GetLeader] has been met with a resounding success. Exchanging great pleasantries with [ROOT.GetLeader] over telegram, and informing us of the positive insights of his plan, [FROM.GetLeader] has formally dedicated his force of arms towards the conquest of Guangdong. Now we must merely plan for the future conflict, and hope his word holds true.
The beginning of something greater?
The [FROM.GetName] Refuse Our Call!
Tragic news has reached the Governor's desk! It would appear our call for aid in a future campaign against [GXC.GetLeader] has been met with a resounding failure. Exchanging great pleasantries with [ROOT.GetLeader] over telegram, and informing us of the positive insights of his plan, [FROM.GetLeader] nonetheless refused to dedicate any man or materiel towards the conquest of Guangdong. Citing the possible dangers, instability of the nation, and the preference for inner stability as opposed to inviting further conflict, [FROM.GetLeader] has stayed short of denouncing our proposed actions. Humbly alone, we must plan for the future battle without their help.
I suppose I cannot say we are disappointed.
The Honour-less [FROM.GetAdjective]
Perhaps it is too much to expect sincerity and honour from the Warlord Era, and yet it continues to disappoint. Despite prior agreements, joint exercises, and even the joint drafting of a campaign plan to valiantly squash [GXC.GetLeader] and his illegal polity situated upon our mutual border, it would appear that [FROM.GetLeader] has developed second thoughts on the cusp of initiative. Either unprepared to throw away lives, or utterly unwilling in the first place, [FROM.GetLeader] recently telegraphed [ROOT.GetLeader], promising assurances that they would not interfere in our course of action, but they would no longer support it.\n\nWhilst not unfounded, it has developed both great animosity and ferocity within our ranks, with many of the more keen warmongers suggesting a dual-pronged attack. Thankfully, [ROOT.GetLeader] appears to not even be considering that as an option. Instead [FROM.GetLeader]'s words appear to have carried some sort of sway, perhaps at least sentiment. If they are backing out, is there some truth to their words? Would it be wise to reconsider an offensive for Canton?
It's not like we needed them anyway!
Perhaps there is wisdom in their action.
[YUN.GetNameDefCap] and [HNN.GetNameDef] prepare to mobilise against us!
It would appear that Liangguang's position within the nation is most threatening to its neighbours, most important of which being that of [HNN.GetNameDef] and [YUN.GetNameDef]. Situated to the direct north and west, the affairs of the Southwest have commonly been dominated by events within Guangdong spiralling out towards Hunan and Yunnan. Therefore it is natural for Kunming and Changsha to be wary of occurrences within Canton. Seeing possible vulnerability, or perhaps overwhelming odds, [YUN.GetLeader] and [HNN.GetLeader] recently announced a formal campaign to eject [ROOT.GetLeader] from \
Two against one? I like those odds.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers an Alliance
Just because we are the only legitimate government of China does not mean we travel alone. There are many sympathetic to our goals throughout the nation, just waiting for liberation. Sometimes, however, they manage to liberate themselves in advance.\n\n[FROM.GetLeader] appears to have done just that, rallying the [FROM.GetRulingParty] to free the people of [FROM.GetNameDef]. Aligned with our cause, or at least so they claim, we have officially received their petition to join our cause as a local affiliate.
We graciously accept.
We cannot trust them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts our Alliance
Having heard our petition to align with them, we have been officially accepted into the ranks of [FROM.GetNameDef]. Communications between our officers are being established, and we will work more closely towards national liberation. [FROM.GetLeader] has officially commended [ROOT.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetRulingParty] in a speech at [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] for their patriotic efforts, deepening our ties. Although a small victory for us today, history will remember this as a critical step toward the future of China.
Onwards comrades!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses an Alliance
Despite our sincere efforts at national unity, the paranoid clique surrounding [FROM.GetLeader] has decided to reject our efforts at joining their movement, going so far as to denounce us as duplicitous and power-hungry. These unfair accusations only serve to demonstrate their own internal rot, unable to trust outsiders with power.\n\nWe will have to find our own way towards liberation, independent of [FROM.GetAdjective] machinations. In doing so we bear the true legacy of Xinhai, one uncorrupted by the tendrils of [FROM.GetLeader].
Their cause is not as noble as they say.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Invites us to Join Ranks
Even as China grew more and more divided, there were many across the nation that shared a common vision for the future of the nation. These kindred spirits were often divided by mountains and rivers, forced to fight their own regional battles for dominance. Still, it is always a pleasant sight when the stars align and comrades independently take power.\n\n[FROM.GetLeader] of [FROM.GetNameDef] has identified our [ROOT.GetRulingParty] as an ally in their quest to liberate the nation. [ROOT.GetLeader] has been invited to join forces, bringing China ever closer to unification without firing a shot.
We accept wholeheartedly.
We are not affiliated with one another.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Joins our Ranks!
Thanks in part to the similar roots between [FROM.GetRulingParty] and our own [ROOT.GetRulingParty], it appears that our goals have remained aligned over the years. [FROM.GetLeader] of [FROM.GetNameDef] has agreed to begin coordinating our efforts at unification, peacefully bringing [FROM.GetNameDef] into the [ROOT.GetAdjective] fold.\n\nWith any luck, our combined forces will be sufficient to bring about successful national liberation from the chaos and strife that has engulfed it. With momentum on our side, the combined might of our forces will continue onwards to victory!
One cause for one nation.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Denies our Alliance!
Despite the similar roots of the [FROM.GetRulingParty] and our own [ROOT.GetRulingParty], it appears that our goals have diverged over the years. [FROM.GetLeader] of [FROM.GetNameDef] has denied our efforts at peacefully unifying our cause against mutual enemies, instead electing to go their own route.\n\nThis treason can only be explained by their own selfishness and inability to think beyond their own interests. Whatever the case, it appears that it is up to us to bear the true legacy of Xinhai, and carve a future for all the Chinese people.
[FROM.GetAdjective] traitors ought to at least stay out of our way.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Attempts to Increase Integration
Having already professed our loyalty to the [FROM.GetAdjective] cause, one would believe some trust is in order. Nonetheless, [FROM.GetLeader] insists that further efforts at integration is necessary to continue on with national liberation, and insisting on further oversight in our internal matters.\n\nFor now, this only means a slight increase in the number of [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] magistrates roaming about, but by accepting the state of affairs will subtly but perceptibly change. The extensive autonomy we have so far enjoyed will begin chipping away and many will begin turning away from [ROOT.GetLeader] and look towards [FROM.GetLeader] for leadership. Perhaps now it is time to break free and save our independence.
We have long enjoyed our autonomy here in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], far from the prying eyes of central authority. This has in many ways made things more efficient in terms of governance, though we are by no means secessionist or regionalist (rather dirty words within Chinese politics). Still, it appears things are changing.\n\nThe [FROM.GetRulingParty] operating out of [FROM.GetNameDef] have insisted on greater control over our mostly autonomous political council. They insist on control over several key internal functions, something that we had thought would be left alone when we initially agreed to submit to [FROM.GetAdjective] rule. Of course, refusing will have dire consequences, but we are quickly approaching the turning point in which it will be difficult to escape [FROM.GetLeader]'s grasp. We must now seriously contemplate the risks and successes of breaking free from the grasp of this newly proclaimed government.
Leading members of the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] have begun growing anxious as of late, as their long-entrenched patronage networks grow threatened by the increasing presence of [FROM.GetAdjective] agents. Rumours abound that the [FROM.GetRulingParty] has begun establishing regional headquarters in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], hoping to build a political base of their own.\n\nThe point of no return nears, as magistrates from the central government grow bolder in their efforts to subjugate us. Laws passed in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], previously often ignored, are now being enforced with increasing vigour. Sooner or later we will be nothing more than another province under the auspices of the [FROM.GetRulingParty]. We have no choice but to prepare our selves for war.
It has been a long time coming, but all the same there was some shock within [ROOT.GetLeader]'s inner circle when [FROM.GetNameDef] made their move today. In a private meeting, [FROM.GetLeader] spoke about the future of [ROOT.GetNameDef], and while assuring that [ROOT.GetLeader] will remain governor for the time being, the central government will take steps as necessary to ensure his rule is compatible with the ideals of the [FROM.GetRulingParty].\n\nLeft unspoken is the growing control in which [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has asserted over us, with the expectation that they will have the right to de facto (and possibly even de jure) select a new governor and veto internal appointments. There is really no other choice at this point, either we go down in history as good [FROM.GetRulingParty] soldiers or [ROOT.GetLeader] makes one final desperate stand against their rule. This pivotal moment shall decide the fate of our province henceforth.
We accept [FROM.GetAdjective] rule.
We oppose this encroachment!
Integration of [ROOT.GetNameDef] Progresses
We have long enjoyed our autonomy as an independent province, away from the shadow of the central government. Due to the corruption and instability of China's political climate, we have turned away from any notion of centralisation - finding that in this chaotic period of strife; only self-governance would alleviate our own problems. Indeed, for many years we have set about to carry out our own reforms and to reinforce our cultural differences from the rest of the country.
$china_events.11.intro$\n\nGoverning officials from [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] have demanded that our local radios and our newspapers to cease the production of dialect-based media. The news is henceforth broadcasted from the language chosen by [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] and to cease publication of our provincial newspaper. Several prominent authors in our province have resigned out of protest, and voices have sprung up in fear of further centralisation.
$china_events.11.intro$\n\nGoverning officials from [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] have demanded that all local culture festivals are to be shut down as they are \
$china_events.11.intro$\n\nGoverning officials form [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] have demanded that our schools immediately suspend their local curriculums and to adopt their language to be the language of instruction in their classrooms. At the same time, many teachers and professors have lodged complaints of protest against our government. Even more shocking are that we finding that it is more and more difficult for parents unable to communicate with their children. As instruction is now in the dialect of [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef], a greater number of our citizens, from students to local rickshaw pullers, cannot speak either the new national dialect or their old one.
$china_events.11.intro$\n\nOur home province, while appearing the same on the outside, has experienced significant political, social, and economic shifts since the centralisation of our country. Magistrates and governing bodies are now directly appointed by the central government in [THIS.overlord.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. While plenty in the province still speak their provincial dialect fluently, the younger generation of today only speaks in the national dialect. Our economy has also experienced profound changes as the once useful provincial monetary system has collapsed in the wake of adopting the national currency. Furthermore, our provincial forces have all been nationalised, leaving any notion of political independence from the central government gone.
Change comes inevitably.
Our Efforts to Integrate [FROM.GetNameDef]
In recent weeks we have taken steps to further integrate the [FROM.GetAdjective] administration with our own, making slow but steady progress in this regard. This has of course not gone unnoticed by [FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetRulingParty], but it appears that they have generally acquiesced to our demands, whether out of genuine ideological loyalty or because they see unification as fait accompli.
$china_events.12.intro$\n\nTo prepare such matters, let us proclaim to their government that they must henceforth use our dialect in all forms of public communication. Not only will this help tear down provincial dialect barriers but it will help us prevent means of local dissent. In any case, our control over [FROM.GetNameDef] has greatly increased from before.
$china_events.12.intro$\n\nWe must reach out to the masses of China as well and inform that we are bringing China into a modern age, a new era for the Chinese nation. At such a crucial time of national unification, we must let them know that their local and backward customs can no longer exist in comparison with modern knowledge.
$china_events.12.intro$\n\nThe future of China belongs to the new youth, and the youth must learn our ways and understand our authority if our hold on China is to carry on for generations. Let us send out an order to have their schools use our languages in instruction and conversation.
Our efforts to integrate the [FROM.GetAdjective] provincial administration with our own has been a complete success. Their people are now content and understanding of our rule, with favourable reports arriving weekly from our appointed magistrates. Furthermore, we hear that their society is now embracing the culture of our capital region and that their schools use our dialect in all forms of dialogue. We do not need to worry about dissent as their local media no longer broadcast with their provincial dialects, and their army is now fully integrated into ours.
One step further in the road to unification.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Revolts Against Integration
Warlords are fickle, untrustworthy beasts, always jealously guarding their autonomy despite the costs it imposes on the nation and their people. Although we tried to be as reasonable and subtle as possible during the transition, [FROM.GetLeader] has stubbornly resisted our efforts to bring [FROM.GetNameDef] closer in line with what is expected from our national cause.\n\nHe has instead rallied the [FROM.GetRulingParty] against us, denouncing what he decries as [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] tyranny and efforts to disarm [FROM.GetAdjective] military forces. We must work to quickly quell this rebellion, and with any luck avoid any further damage to our cause.
A small price to pay for national salvation.
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Revolts Against [FROM.GetNameDef]
Shocking news has arrived in [Root.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] as word of a [FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] rebellion against the authority of [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] spreads. Discontented at [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and fearful of continued encroachment by [FROM.GetRulingParty] agents in local affairs, the [FROM.FROM.GetName] has expelled all [FROM.GetAdjective] representatives in an act of fierce defiance.\n\nThis has thrust [FROM.FROM.GetLeader] into a sudden position of prominence as the leader of what he hopes to be a broader coalition of those who dare to defy [FROM.GetRulingParty] authority. For now we watch from the sidelines as chaos engulfs the fledgling [FROM.GetAdjective] government, but it is likely that we will soon be forced to chose as they fight for the future of the movement.
We must hurry to join the uprising!
Remain loyal to the government.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Renounces Our Authority
Perhaps it was inevitable, or perhaps this is an action of brazen selfishness, but regardless the day has come. Inspired by [FROM.FROM.FROM.GetLeader] uprising against our rule, [FROM.GetLeader] has chosen to throw his lot with the rebels. Perhaps incensed by perceived encroachment on their autonomy or maybe discontented by the continued leadership of [ROOT.GetLeader], they have found an opportunity to bring down our government from within. Either we put down these traitors immediately, or the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] dream of national unification will be dead before it could even begin.
There is but one thing a traitor deserves.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Joins the Rebellion
Seeing an opportunity to break the shackles of [FROM.FROM.FROM.GetAdjective] oppression, the [FROM.GetRulingParty] has decided to align with us in our effort to topple [FROM.FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. [FROM.GetLeader] has sent a telegram formally placing the resources of [FROM.GetNameDef] under our control, though how much this will actually work out in practice remains to be seen. Warlords are fickle creatures, and no doubt they are wondering if we too will take a tyrannical turn.\n\nFor now however, we must focus on defeating the forces of [PREV.GetNameDef]. Our ranks now swelling in number, our chances have grown with it. However, it is unlikely that [FROM.FROM.FROM.GetLeader] will go down without a fight, and the revolt continues.
Rebellions are built on hope.
[ROOT.china_central_plains_war_title]
[ROOT.china_central_plains_war_desc]
[ROOT.china_central_plains_war_option]
The [GetYear] Anti-Centralisation Rebellion Ignites
The [GetYear] National Unification Campaign Begins
The [GetYear] Bandit Suppression Campaign Opens
The [GetYear] National Protection War Declared
The [GetYear] Pacification Campaign Starts
The [GetYear] Constitutional Uprising Erupts
The [GetYear] Anti-[FROM.GetAdjective] Civil War Commences
Although [FROM.GetNameDef] has had considerable success so far in convincing disparate warlords to join [FROM.GetLeader]'s movement, there has always been a fear that the fickle erstwhile \
Frantic news from China has arrived that the country has seemingly fallen into another civil war. While they once proclaimed loyalty to the Kuomintang's National Government, rebellious warlords have announced their decision to cut off ties with the [CHI.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Government - denouncing the Kuomintang's apparent authoritarianism.\n\nWhile some may consider that the Kuomintang's idea of a unitary state has led to an inevitable civil war, there can be no doubt that the NRA must act quickly in dispelling the rebels, or else the Kuomintang may very well lose their chance once more to fulfil Dr. Sun's revolution.
After being repeatedly ousted by his rivals, Dr. Sun Yat-sen formed the Kuomintang along vanguardist lines, demanding personal loyalty oaths from each member. Despite this, the Kuomintang have long struggled to present a united front, even before their eternal Premier's death. The Kuomintang's rightist elements have attempted to build a unified coalition, only to see it collapse in recent days.\n\nThe central government, led by [FROM.GetLeader] has denounced the growing rebellion as the work of \
It was supposed to be over. After the Zhili clique's stunning victory over its rivals in the 1920s, many envisioned a future built along Zhili lines. This dream was utterly shattered in 1936 with the collapse of the League, and it seems things have only gotten worse from there. [FROM.GetNameDefCap]'s attempt to pick up the pieces took a severe blow today with news of a major uprising by various regional governments.\n\nReminiscent of the National Protection War, the rebels claim to be liberating the nation from Zhili tyranny. Whether or not this is merely a front for warlord rule, and if the Zhili whether yet another storm, will be determined on the battlefield.
Installed in an effort to achieve international legitimacy, the Qing monarchy has not been particularly popular even after the ouster of the Zhili. Their efforts to assert control over allied factions, has triggered a new National Protection War, with rebels stoking republican sentiment against what they argue is a foreign imposed monarchy.\n\nThe [FROM.GetAdjective] leadership in turn have vowed to quash the rebellion in a national pacification campaign: the outcome will determine the fate of the troubled history of the Qing dynasty.
The triumph of [FROM.GetNameDef] has not meant the end of its troubles governing over the indomitable tempers of regionalist actors. Although [FROM.GetLeader] has successfully secured the loyalty of various regional governments through negotiations, it appears those agreements fell through today as greater integration was sought.\n\nWith multiple regions now in open rebellion, [FROM.GetAdjective] legitimacy is now in question. Propaganda, true or not, about [FROM.GetAdjective] cooperation with the Japanese and other sordid rumours have begun to spread. If this rebellion is not quashed quickly, their dreams of unifying China will soon be over.
Although [FROM.GetNameDef] has made great strides towards unification, their initial successes in securing the loyalty of various Governors has taken a major blow in recent days. Warlords are known to be mercurial and capricious in their loyalty, and the same is likely true of their [FROM.GetRulingParty] masters in [FROM.GetNameDef].\n\nThis mutual distrust combined with [FROM.GetAdjective] efforts at asserting further control has resulted in civil war breaking out as multiple previously aligned governors have denounced the central government. As the armies march to war, citizens cower and hope to survive yet another bout of instability.
Our government is better off without them!
We will vanquish the traitors!
Let us hope our patrons emerge victorious.
Our allies face another struggle.
We will prevail against tyranny!
Proof of our own legitimacy.
A welcome respite, and potential opportunity.
The fools fight amongst themselves!
Governments come and go. We shall survive.
Let us hope it does not spill over the border.
An opportunity? Or a threat?
Another tragic conflict in a wretched region.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Nationalists Return to the Fold
In the end, despite all the differences between them, it seems that the teachings of Dr. Sun continue to unite the hearts and minds of Kuomintang members across the nation. While observers and future historians have and likely always will disagree about the extent to which the [FROM.GetAdjective] regional government maintained its autonomy from [RKT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the general consensus is that the party's final unification of China has allowed it to absorb outlying provincial forces into a centralised governmental apparatus.\n\nThis process was not always a smooth one, with plenty of ups and downs. Loyalties were questioned, accusations traded, and untold sacrifices made. The party has always denied that there was any disunity or doubt about the ultimate outcome, and it is in the best interest of both sides to continue this narrative as the events of today are woven into history. But at the same time, there is a certain understanding that [FROM.GetLeader] ultimately chose the path of loyalty rather than ambition, a rarity that perhaps signals the end of a tragic era.
We salute these faithful servants of the revolution.
One nation, one party, one future...
[FROM.GetAdjective] Leftists Submit to the Party-State
In the end, despite the tempestuous differences between different factions, the leftists of China were united in their desire to see revolutionary change implemented across their battered nation. The victory of [FROM.FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] government gave credence to this fact, especially with the submission of [FROM.GetNameDef] to the central government's rule. While there will continue to be some debate over the sincerity of [FROM.GetLeader]'s adherence to party doctrine and the degree of autonomy the [FROM.GetRulingParty] of [FROM.GetNameDef] enjoyed over the last few years, to say nothing of their contribution to the national revolution, what is indisputable is that they have grown much closer to the Central Government's directives in the last few months.\n\nThough already heavily intertwined with the party apparatus, and perhaps not easily noticeable from an outsider's point of view, it came to some surprise that [FROM.GetLeader] has elected to peacefully surrender the temporary autonomy enjoyed by the [FROM.GetAdjective] government. A subtle but evidently noticeable turn of events, it brings the warlord era one step closer to an end and also rids [FROM.FROM.GetLeader] of another potential intra-party rival.
We will never forget the faithful comrades and their sacrifices.
[FROM.FROM.GetLeader] has one fewer threat from within.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Federalists Join Our Government
In the end, despite the kaleidoscope of ideological interpretations and the general sense of provincial nationalism between the wings of the Federalist movement, it would appear that the Federalists of China retained a sense of unity in their desire to see the Federalist project come to fruition. As the victory bugles sound across the nation from the [FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] government in honour of [FROM.FROM.GetLeader]'s victory, the submission, not revolt, of [FROM.GetNameDef] to the central government's rule has reinforced such a notion. Whilst differences have obviously emerged in the ideal implementation of Federalism from [FROM.GetLeader]'s point of view, and their relative strength compared to other Provincial Governments is nothing to besmirch, they nonetheless have chosen principle over pride. And that is to be respected.\n\nWith the Federalist movement's intense primacy on the pride of provincialism, its history emblematically displayed the failures of regionalism to muster a national movement, and so it is somewhat of a surprise that [FROM.GetLeader] willingly relinquished the autonomy of the [FROM.GetAdjective] government. Subtle on the international stage, it nonetheless brings the Warlord Era closer to its Witching Hour, and removes another pawn from the chessboard.
You will forever be in history as one of the better men.
And so strengthens the Federalist Government.
[FROM.GetAdjective] Joins Our Government
Scarcely a convicted virtue held to a high degree in the Warlord Era, trust and genuine dedication to the authority of the Central Government from local warlords is but a needle in the ambition-strewn haystack. However, as the victory bugles sound across the nation from the [FROM.FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] government in honour of [FROM.FROM.GetLeader]'s victory, the submission, not revolt, of [FROM.GetNameDef] to the central government's rule has reinforced such a scare notion of national unity. Whilst differences have obviously emerged in the ideal implementation of Governance from [FROM.GetLeader]'s point of view, and their relative strength compared to other Provincial Governments is nothing to besmirch, they nonetheless have chosen principle over pride. And that is to be respected.\n\nWith the Warlord's natural prerogative to maintain provincial autonomy, its history emblematically displayed the failures of regionalism to muster a national movement, and so it is somewhat of a surprise that [FROM.GetLeader] willingly relinquished the autonomy of the [FROM.GetAdjective] government. Subtle on the international stage, it nonetheless brings the Warlord Era closer to its Witching Hour, and removes another pawn from the chessboard.
An honoured place at the table, I'm sure.
China reunites, one step at a time.
National Unification and New Troubles
With the unification of the nation, China has finally once again been brought under a cohesive political banner in recent history, at least somewhat. However, many difficulties have begun to present themselves in light of [ROOT.GetLeader]'s new stature. The nation is, in all fairness, ruined economically, politically, and militarily. Various forces have begun to play their hand, either seeking to carve out patronage jobs in the new administration, amass their own wealth and power, or merely to survive in the fragmented reality of a wounded nation.\n\nAs the masses and his subordinates look towards [ROOT.GetLeader] for answers and direction, the new Central Government's erstwhile allies increasingly draw blades, and prepare their forces for what could potentially be their own gamble for power.
Let us begin to rebuild the pieces.
Unification On [FROM.GetAdjective]'s Terms
Finally a somewhat permeable peace has been brought forward unto the Chinese nation-state, and yet with unification arises a new set of challenges both to the Central Government, and to the various attached Provincial Governors. Having backed [FROM.GetLeader]'s ambitions for the keys to the castle of the Chinese Republic, [ROOT.GetLeader] has enjoyed a primary role in the new administration as a respected and affiable administrator, and important official in Chinese affairs.\n\nYet with increasing difficulties beset upon the Central Government, perhaps an opportunity has arisen in the murkiness of conflict? With economic, military, and political difficulties arising in the Capital, they are uniquely in a weak position, and the most effective opportunity to stake [ROOT.GetLeader]'s own claim to becoming the Piedmont of China would be now. However, such an act is undeniably an act of betrayal, one not taken too lightly. And whilst weak, [FROM.GetLeader] still poses a significant threat, something but a handfull of battles could transform into a disaster.
We were hardly honest.
Send our overtures to [FROM.GetLeader].
Let us travel to the capital to congralute them. (Switch to [FROM.GetNameDef])
[FROM.GetLeader] Rises in Revolt!
Good friends are hard to find in the Warlord Era, and the recent news of the emergence of a revolt led by [FROM.GetLeader] has further reinforced such a notion. Once an erstwhile ally, it would appear that with the Central Government's flagging weakness, they have decided to stage their own gamble for power and prominence on the Chinese battlefield. As men prepare to fight their brothers, the nation trembles once more...
They'd be fools to try!
Such is the state of the Warlord Era.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers to Join the United Front
We have received an offer from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] asking to join with our recently formed united front against foreign aggression. They have offered to put aside any differences to help us in ejecting the invaders, contributing forces to the cause of national protection.\n\nThere are some concerns of course, particularly about the trustworthiness of [FROM.GetLeader] and his [FROM.GetRulingParty]. Aligning with them means tying our fates together. Coalitions such as these are unfortunately common in warlord China, and collapse just as quickly. Still, in the name of national unity, can we really say no?
$china_events.20.d$\n\nPosing another challenge is the fact that [FROM.GetNameDef] remains at war with other factions in China. Accepting them creates the diplomatic headache of having to resolve any existing conflicts, lest we be drawn into them.
We welcome them into our alliance.
We refuse reject duplicity.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Entry Into the Front
Seeing the pressing need for unity in face of foreign aggression, [FROM.GetLeader] has personally messaged [ROOT.GetLeader] to welcome us into the Chinese United Front. Our combined armies are bound to pose a major threat against those that would invade China, however it is doubtful that such a coalition can last for long. There is little time to think about that now however, as we march onwards against the invaders!
Comrades to victory!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Our Entry Into the Front
Despite our ernest efforts at promoting national unity, we have been harshly rebuffed by [FROM.GetNameDef]. It appears they do not trust us, as [FROM.GetLeader] jealously guards his power over the coalition. This sort of treasonous behavior is not uncommon in China, and may very well spell the doom of the nation as it is invaded by outside forces. In the mean time, we will simply have to manage on our own.
Fools and traitors.
The End of the Chinese United Front
Now that enemy invasion has come to a close, it appears that there is little need for a Chinese United Front. Already the various warlords have begun refusing central government commands, and distancing themselves from [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. It seems that things will go back to the way they were as various factions press their claims for national leadership.\n\nStill, we demonstrated in this last war that we can lead China. That we can protect it from enemy invasion, and disunity is not inherent but an illness caused by regionalist selfishness. May the people remember us and our accomplishments across the nation, and we will soon unite with them once again.
Blessed victory.
The United Front Disbands
Now that enemy invasion has come to a close, it appears that there is little need for a Chinese United Front. The unity that such a front provided was useful for a time, however the divisions within the front are simply too much to last. We now must go our own way, though the goodwill and patriotic fervour we have gained from our participation will likely stay with us for years to come. As one China fended off foreign invasion. And that will go down in the history books forever.
It was nice while it lasted.
United Front Formed
In face of foreign threats, various policymakers, patriots, and intellectuals have proposed the warring Chinese factions come together into one Chinese United Front in the name of common national security. We, as a Chinese state, have been included in such discussions, and there are many within the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] that have petitioned [ROOT.GetLeader] to move towards this alliance. Although it cannot possibly last forever, it is the patriotic duty of all Chinese to defend the nation for enemy aggression.
We weigh our options.
The Chinese United Front
[ROOT.china_united_front_desc]
[ROOT.china_united_front_option]
In face of foreign aggression, we have achieved a prominence that we have long sought as the effective leader of China. [ROOT.GetLeader] has delivered a speech today in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] formally announcing the creation a Chinese United Front, and calling for all China to rally to the national cause.\n\nThe war ahead is not expected to be easy by any means, and the coalition we assembled will likely be unwieldy. Nonetheless, our strength has been buttressed by the joint might of various warlord armies, and our odds considerably improved as a result. Under the shadow of war, China girds itself for a prolonged conflict against those who would subjugate it.
In face of foreign aggression, we and many others have banded together to face off against the invaders in a Chinese United Front. A shared government, mostly on paper, has been established to coordinate activities, one of which we have taken an active interest in.\n\nThe war ahead is not expected to be easy, but united China is still a power to behold. With millions of patriots prepared to fight and die against foreign oppression, and with considerable battlefield experience shared across its members, we must push the enemy out of Chinese lands. For the sake of the nation, its people, and its future, there can be no surrender!
Assembling various factions within China together, the Chinese United Front has formed to oppose foreign aggression and coordinate a defence against enemy invasion. Although [ROOT.GetLeader] and his staff are still mulling whether or not to join, that has not stopped others from going forward in creating this alliance.\n\nWe have experienced pressure internally, even within the [ROOT.GetRulingParty], to participate in this defence of the homeland, though the risks remain evident. United, China can pose a major threat, however victory is far from assured. And the future of the front is not certain either - what will happen after a victory remains an open question.
Various Chinese forces, in a desperate effort to deny us our rightful demands, have come together to form a so-called \
Faced with foreign invasion, various Chinese factions have agreed to cooperate in a \
We shall lead our people to victory!
Let us drive out the imperialists together!
A decision must be made soon...
Let's see how united they truly are!
The Chinese tiger roars.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands a Ceasefire for Unity
Citing our current conflict within the nation and the need for unity in face of foreign threat, representatives from [FROM.GetNameDef] have insisted that we sign an immediate ceasefire, allowing the winning side in our conflict to set limited terms. Under normal circumstances, ending a conflict such as this and giving our enemies a respite is only a recipe for disaster, though the alternative in this case does not seem to be much better.\n\nRefusing would mean being seen as a collaborator with foreign aggressors in a time where patriotic fervour is at an all-time high, and we will attract scorn from the gathering Chinese alliance to resist foreign invasion. We may very well end up facing down the entire united front in the looming conflict if we do not take similar steps towards peace, a proposition far greater in scope that we initially bargained for.
We reluctantly accept.
We stubbornly refuse.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Ceasefire
Agreeing with the need for national unity in these dire times, [FROM.GetLeader] has agreed to sign a ceasefire with representatives of our United Front. For the most part, forces have withdrawn to status quo positions, which may cause friction but in the grand scheme of things has been peaceful. We are very fortunate that [FROM.GetAdjective] have seen reason in this time of peril.
This is...acceptable.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Ceasefire
Despite the clear national emergency that the nation faces, [FROM.GetLeader] has stubbornly refused to sign any ceasefire and end their present conflict within the Chinese nation. As a result, they have effectively thrown in their lot with the enemy, and become co-belligerents with the invader. We therefore have little choice but to fight them too, casting out yet another group of selfish traitors that taint the nation's integrity. Although our enemies continue to grow, we expect many await within [FROM.GetAdjective] borders for national liberation.
Despicable Hanjian!
The Northeastern Gambit
The outbreak of the Eastern Seas War between Japan and Germany has left Japanese interests in Dongbei (northeastern China) uniquely vulnerable. Rallying patriotic sentiment against Japanese imperialism, [FROM.GetNameDef] has declared war on Japan and their allies as co-belligerent in the war. They have called on all of China to resist Japanese imperialism, proposing that the warring Chinese factions come together into one Chinese United Front in the name of common national security. Should the [FROM.GetAdjective] government fall, they warn, the Japanese will easily be able to finish off the rest of China piecemeal.\n\nThis gambit has put most of the remaining warlords and national contenders in a bind. To accept would to be dragged into a major conflict that they may not be not ready for. To refuse would to be painted as effectively Japanese collaborators, despised by the public. Even as many grumble that this is a desperate attempt by the [FROM.GetRulingParty] to save their own skins, we may simply have little choice but to agree to a temporary alliance against enemy aggression.
We weigh our options.
China Enters the Great Seas War
[ROOT.china_enters_great_seas_war_desc]
[ROOT.china_united_front_option]
Fighting for the liberation of China, we have achieved a prominence that we have long sought as the effective leader of China. [ROOT.GetLeader] has delivered a speech today in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] formally announcing the creation of a Chinese United Front, and calling for all China to rally to the national cause.\n\nThe war ahead is not expected to be easy by any means, and the coalition we assembled will likely be unwieldy. Nonetheless, our strength has been buttressed by the joint might of various warlord armies, and our odds considerably improved as a result. Under the shadow of war, China girds itself for a prolonged conflict against those who would subjugate it.
Fighting for the liberation of China, we and many others have banded together to face off against the invaders in a Chinese United Front. A shared government, mostly on paper, has been established to coordinate activities, one of which we have taken an active interest in.\n\nThe war ahead is not expected to be easy, but united China is still a power to behold. With millions of patriots prepared to fight and die against foreign oppression, and with considerable battlefield experience shared across its members, we must push the enemy out of Chinese lands. For the sake of the nation, its people, and its future, there can be no surrender!
Assembling various factions within China together, the Chinese United Front has formed to oppose Japanese imperialism and coordinate the liberation of Dongbei. Although [ROOT.GetLeader] and his staff are still mulling whether or not to join, that has not stopped others from going forward in creating this alliance.\n\nWe have experienced pressure internally, even within the [ROOT.GetRulingParty], to participate in this liberation of the homeland, though the risks remain evident. United, China can pose a major threat, however victory is far from assured. And the future of the front is not certain either - what will happen after a victory remains an open question.
Various Chinese forces, exploiting our vulnerability during our war with Germany, have come together to form a so-called \
Exploiting Japanese vulnerability in their war with Germany, various Chinese factions have agreed to cooperate in a \
The [ROOT.GetAdjective] Military Reforms
The first steps to reforming our military is underway, with the creation of a centralised bureaucracy to coordinate logistics, supply, and payments. A commission to handle this project was established, with trusted men supposedly hand-picked by [ROOT.GetLeader] taking on this task with stride. This lays the foundation for future army reforms, critical for bringing our forces to the modern era of war.
Military Reforms March Onwards!
Having taken our first steps towards improving the quality of our army, further initiatives soon followed. Localised units have been broken up and redistributed, with some officers outright expelled for corruption. Training similarly has been revamped from the ground up to bringing our forces up to speed with modern techniques.\n\nThere has been plenty of grumbling from members of the old guard, particularly those who have benefited from the regional nature of our old forces. However, this patchwork model, while sometimes more effective in the early days of the warlord era, has no place in the future of our military.
A Breath of Fresh Air in the [ROOT.GetAdjective] Army
After considerable effort, our military has been thoroughly reformed. Having successfully reformed the core components of our military, the difficult work of integrating the allied and auxiliary units that we have inherited from times past, began.\n\nOur high command is pleased to report their efforts across the last few months as a success. Although there remain issues with ghost soldiers, corrupt payrolls and desertion, there is little doubt that we have come a long way.
A New Day for the [ROOT.GetAdjective] Military
After considerable effort, the core components of our military has been thoroughly reformed. Gone are the ghost soldiers, the desertion, the looting, the semi-feudal structure. In its place is a new, professional force, comparable with that of Europe and Japan. Now, they are ready to enforce Chinese unification and possibly beyond, an army truly to be reckoned with!
Our armies triumph even off the battlefield!
Cleaning House and Catching Thieves
China's military has taken a severe dive in quality over the last few years, despite the abundance of veteran officers produced by the warlord era. Many have achieved their ranks through nepotism, corruption, or favouritism, while others (even competent ones) exploit their power for their own ends.\n\nOur efforts have involved cleaning up the ghost rosters, stopping desertion, and eliminating patronage - increasing accountability within our ranks. A new batch of officers have been trained to this end, instilled with patriotic spirit and hopefully less beholden to corruption that the previous generations.
A New Day for the [ROOT.GetAdjective] Military
$china_events.41.d.army_reform_ongoing$\n\nThese officers join an army thoroughly reformed from the inside outwards, ready to liberate their nation. Through our efforts, they have a become a professional force, comparable with that of Europe and Japan. May they ensure China will never be divided or humiliated ever again!
A new generation of officers for a new China.
The New Capital
With the unification of China, it is finally time to set the permanent seat of the new central government. Beijing would be the natural choice, an ancient city that has been capital of Chinese governments consistently for the past centuries under the Yuan. A strong contender, it would represent a natural, stable transition from the old. This however also works against it, being strongly associated with the Monarchy and the failed Beiyang government. To a lesser extent, it emphasises a certain northern political dominance in national politics.\n\nNanjing is another potential choice, sitting closer to centre of China, between the Yangtze and Yellow rivers. Nanjing was a capital of the Ming Dynasty, the provisional capital of the First Republic before Yuan Shikai's usurpation, and has significant value among nationalists and republicans.\n\nSimilarly, Wuhan, located further in-land, was the site of the Wuchang uprising, the epicentre of the Xinhai Revolution that first toppled the Qing monarchy. Its symbolism has made it a popular choice for revolutionaries who seek a firm break from the old order.\n\nGuangzhou, a controversial choice, has also been thrown into the mix. The economic centre of the South and a major port city, it has been the traditional hotbed for republican revolutionary movements. Both the Kuomintang and the Federalists movement trace their roots here, and many of their leading officers grew up or were trained in the city since the start of the Constitutional Protection movement.\n\nOther cities have been considered, however as discussions draw to a close it seems the list has been quickly narrowed. After further deliberation, [ROOT.GetAdjective] authorities have settled on...
[GetVictoryPointName_9843].
Nanjing.
Wuhan.
Guangzhou.
Stay in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
[ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s Growing Renown
With the recent demise of our strongest rival, most observers have shifted their attention to [ROOT.GetLeader] and the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] as the most likely candidate to unite China under their banner. Foreign embassies have begun the process of switching recognition from our predecessor to our government, and our foreign ministry is confident we will soon achieve widespread international recognition. Domestically, our legitimacy has been raised, which opens up our path to uniting the country.\n\nThis is a precarious position of course, as the revolving door of Beiyang and Guangzhou leadership has shown. Being the strongest often makes one a target, not only from rival warlord cliques but also for creditors who often seek payment for long-past due loans of prior Chinese governments. It also attracts jealousy and ambition from within our own camp, as the unifying force of external threats recede. [ROOT.GetLeader] would be well advised to know our triumph is hardly assured. Still, victory is well within our reach, if only we would take it. Then comes the hard part...
Now who dares still stand in our way?
A Provisional Capital?
With our armies steadily making gains, the logistical and bureaucratic demands of controlling an growing part of the country has raised discussions of moving our primary base of operations from [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Our current capital, while serving a critical role in the past and also being the centre of our political base, is seen as perhaps too regional in nature. A more central, northern location within the nation might give us a strategic and political advantage.\n\nBeijing is the traditional capital of the nation, having served in that role for millennia. It is a strong contender because it signals the continuity of Chinese governments, however it is also associated with the failed Beiyang Republic, the long-time rival of the Guangzhou governments. Its northern location also makes it vulnerable to attack from Manchuria, though tucked behind mountains and rivers it is a formidable base.\n\nWuhan was where the Xinhai Revolution started. Made up of three smaller cities (Wuchang, Hanyang, and Hankou), it sits on a vital location in the Yangtze River at the centre of the nation. Protected by the converging river and relatively deep within Chinese territory and containing the Hanyang Arsenal, it is no surprise it has been the longtime base of Wu Peifu.\n\nNanjing is where Dr. Sun was first named President of the provisional republic (and where he chose to be buried), it is said this where he chose his capital in life and in death. The epicentre of the wealthy Jiangnan region and centrally located by the coast, it has developed a nice industry under Sun Chuanfang's rule and is another strong contender for a provisional capital.
Beijing, the traditional capital.
Wuhan, hotbed of the revolution.
Nanjing, the wealthy coastal city.
Let us remain in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
The Central Government Demands Beijing
The victory of our revolutionary coalition has successfully toppled our rivals in the region. Having proudly served the national cause, our administrators have begun the vital process of restoring order in Beijing. The city, literally translated \
So be it, we yield.
Our autonomy will not be infringed!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Yields Beijing
Bowing under increased central government pressure, [FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetName] has agreed to turn over jurisdiction of Beijing and the surrounding areas to the central government. A large delegation of officials arrived earlier today at Zhengyangmen station to take up their posts in the city, though this is mostly a formality. Preceding them were various central army officers and other representatives that worked to ensure a smooth and peaceful handover. With the old capital finally under our control and a potential rival humbled, we can at last begin preparations for our next steps in national unification.
As it should be.
[FROM.GetLeader] Challenges Our Legitimacy
Though we have successfully attained the submission of [FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetRulingParty] of [FROM.GetName], it seems that those wily warlords are too recalcitrant to be obedient for long. This is to be expected unfortunately, with unity in China fickle and fleeting in these awful times. As rival contenders for national leadership square off, many provinces continue to enjoy considerable autonomy playing them off one another.\n\n[FROM.GetLeader] is playing a different game however. If the reports are true, he is endeavouring not merely to undermine central government control in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] but to undermine the central government altogether, openly questioning our legitimacy and floating the deadly question of what a better alternative might be. The conclusion of this inquiry, naturally, is [FROM.GetLeader].
We would be well served not to lower our guard.
[FROM.GetLeader] Pressures Us To Act!
The Unification Question has plagued Chinese leaders since 1911, especially as the country polarised into Northern and Southern governments and from there splintered into further rival warlord factions. Attempts to reconcile the warring parties through negotiation have fallen through several times, and there is little room for further discussion. The only way for us forward is to rally our own government and unite the country by force.\n\nNot all of our followers are happy with our progress. Although [ROOT.GetLeader] and the other senior officials of our government have tried to be judicious in when we make our moves, many local leaders have complained that unification seems like an ever distant dream. [FROM.GetLeader] has further stirred unrest, insinuating that we have been deliberately taking our time in order to squeeze more money from the provinces. Between the nationalists who demand China be united and the regionalists who disdain further wait, we have come under pressure to take decisive steps in unifying the country.
All in due time...
[FROM.GetLeader] Adds Further Pressure
The chorus of voices demanding that we take steps to unite the country has grown with the addition of [FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetAdjective] government. Whether because of a genuine desire to see the nation united or a selfish effort to undermine our efforts, it threatens to do significant damage to our administration's image. It also means that this cacophony is unlikely to subsist in the near future.
We are getting to it!
National Day of the Republic of China
Our nation has existed for thousands of years. For two millennia, China was the centre of Asia, with small kingdoms clinging to its civilising light. Yet, the Empire that was to last ten thousand years fought itself in great turmoil in the 19th century. While the Qing Dynasty had expanded China's borders to new heights, the European Imperialist plague brought the Empire to unseen lows. Worse yet, the intransigent Japanese dealt the Qing a shocking defeat in the Sino-Japanese War. With the Dynasty in shambles, the Chinese people lost faith in the Imperial system.\n\nOctober 10th, 1911 was the day that changed our Empire forever. In an act of insurrection, revolutionaries in the Beiyang Army stationed in Wuchang turned on their Manchu overlords, and began the Xinhai Revolution. While the Revolution flooded into the South, the North remained for the Qing under Marshal Yuan Shikai's protection. However, seeing the tides of fate, Yuan agreed to depose the Child Emperor Puyi in exchange for the Presidency. While initially forced to compromise with revolutionary rebels, Yuan expertly sidelined them and expanded Beiyang power. However, his monarchical ambitions backfired, and triggered a new Warlord Era.\n\nThis era of division was brought to an end following the failure of the Northern Expedition, as Marshals Wu Peifu, Cao Kun, and Sun Chuanfang brought peace to China, and in an act of magnanimity, brought back the Emperor to usher in a new era of peace. However, 1936 brought with it a collapse of the Zhili order and a return to provincial warfare. Yet, the Qing and Zhili Cliques persevere through it all. While some would see October 10th as a reminder of the beginnings of warlordism, it serves to remind the Jade Marshal and Emperor Puyi of an integral event in our eternal history, and the lessons of Xinhai continue to guide us into the modern, harmonious age which yet awaits us.
Our nation has existed for thousands of years. For two millennia, China was the centre of Asia, with small kingdoms clinging to its civilising light. Yet, the Empire that was to last ten thousand years fought itself in great turmoil in the 19th century. While the Qing Dynasty had expanded China's borders to new heights, the European Imperialist plague brought the Empire to unseen lows. Worse yet, the intransigent Japanese dealt the Qing a shocking defeat in the Sino-Japanese War. With the Dynasty in shambles, the Chinese people lost faith in the Imperial system.\n\nOctober 10th, 1911 was the day that changed our Empire forever. In an act of insurrection, revolutionaries in the Beiyang Army stationed in Wuchang turned on their Manchu overlords, and began the Xinhai Revolution. While the Revolution flooded into the South, the North remained for the Qing under Marshal Yuan Shikai's protection. However, in an act of unforeseen treachery, Yuan agreed to depose Emperor Puyi in exchange for the Presidency. Ever the opportunist, Yuan Shikai even instituted a new monarchy, with the fool himself as Emperor!\n\nThe pretender emperor found the Chinese people unsupportive of his illegitimate dynasty, and toppled him before his reign could begin. Yuan's selfish actions led to the Warlord Era, where Republicans squabbled amongst each other for power, before the Zhili Clique brought about a decade of peace. Understanding the stabilising force of the monarchy, Cao Kun and Wu Peifu restored the rightful Emperor Puyi to the Dragon Throne. However, as these warlord militarists only sought to wield the Emperor for their own interests, their self-deluded hegemony ended after a decade.\n\nWith the Zhili fools now in the dustbin of history, the reborn Empire begins its work to fix a nation ailing from the disease of republicanism and imperialism. October 10th was yet a false promise to an end to externally-inflicted woes, and under the Kingly way, the second era of the Qing will rival the glories of the Eastern Han Dynasty!
In 1644, the cherished Ming Dynasty was subjected to unjust occupation by the Manchu invaders. The traitor Wu Sangui allowed the Manchus through the Great Wall, subjecting the Han to centuries of oppression. Yet, the Chinese people have not forgotten its age of freedom. Throughout the last decade of the 19th century and first decade of the 20th century, Chinese patriots who yet dreamed of a nation free from Manchu feudalism prepared to \
In 1644, the cherished Ming Dynasty was subjected to unjust occupation by the Manchu invaders. The traitor Wu Sangui allowed the Manchus through the Great Wall, subjecting the Han to centuries of oppression. Yet, the Chinese people have not forgotten its age of freedom. Throughout the last decade of the 19th century and first decade of the 20th century, Chinese patriots who yet dreamed of a nation free from Manchu feudalism prepared to \
Zhonghua Minguo Wansui!
Zhonghua Minguo Wansui...
Let October 10th fade from memory!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands Our Integration
The collapse of the Qing Dynasty during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution created the possibility of independence for our sovereign nation. While we were once unwilling subjects of the Chinese court and the Chinese sphere, the collapse of Chinese authority in the region gave us hope that our national and cultural identities could experience a rebirth.\n\nUnfortunately, our greatest fears have returned in the face of [FROM.GetNameDef] - who have demanded that we surrender immediately and accept the Chinese annexation of our lands. It appears that we stand alone; no power is willing to offer their protection to us and that we are going to be alone should war break out between us and [FROM.GetNameDef]. While warhawks in our government have demanded that we bite back and resist the Chinese imperialists, there have also been plenty of politicians and elders who argue that our fate is better served if we surrender willingly to the Chinese government.
The collapse of the Qing Dynasty during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution created the possibility of independence for our sovereign nation. While we were once unwilling subjects of the Chinese court and the Chinese sphere, the collapse of Chinese authority in the region gave us hope that our national and cultural identities could experience a rebirth.\n\nUnfortunately, our greatest fears have returned in the face of [FROM.GetNameDef] - who have demanded that we surrender immediately and accept the Chinese annexation of our lands. Nonetheless, we do not stand alone as [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] has pledged to defend our borders in the hopes of making the Chinese stand down. While warhawks in our government have demanded that we bite back and resist the Chinese imperialists by asking [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] to intervene on our behalf, there have also been plenty of politicians and elders who argue that our fate is better served if we surrender willingly to the Chinese government.
The collapse of the Qing Dynasty during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution created the possibility of independence for our sovereign nation. While we were once unwilling subjects of the Chinese court and the Chinese sphere, the collapse of Chinese authority in the region gave us hope that our national and cultural identities could experience a rebirth.\n\nUnfortunately, our greatest fears have returned in the face of [FROM.GetNameDef] - who have demanded that we surrender immediately and accept the Chinese annexation of our lands. We had thought that [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] would come to our aid, but it would appear our fate is not even in our own hands, as they have issued a declaration of neutrality. While warhawks in our government have demanded that we bite back and resist the Chinese imperialists, there have also been plenty of politicians and elders who argue that our fate is better served if we surrender willingly to the Chinese government.
The collapse of the Qing Dynasty during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution created the possibility of independence for our sovereign nation. While we were once unwilling subjects of the Chinese court and the Chinese sphere, the collapse of Chinese authority in the region gave us hope that our national and cultural identities could experience a rebirth.\n\nUnfortunately, our greatest fears have returned in the face of [FROM.GetNameDef] - who have demanded that we surrender immediately and accept the Chinese annexation of our lands. Nonetheless, there is hope for us as [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetName] has promised us their full support in the face of a Chinese invasion. Let us petition and hope that they see reason in our plea and that they will protect us from losing our independence once more.
The collapse of the Qing Dynasty during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution created the possibility of independence for our sovereign nation. While we were once unwilling subjects of the Chinese court and the Chinese sphere, the collapse of Chinese authority in the region gave us hope that our national and cultural identities could experience a rebirth.Unfortunately, our greatest fears have returned in the face of [FROM.GetNameDef] - who have demanded that we surrender immediately and accept the Chinese annexation of our lands. To make matters worse,[ROOT.FactionLeader.GetName] has declared open neutrality in the forthcoming conflict and has refused to support us in our war of survival. It would appear that we have no choice but to fight until the very end.
We must surrender at once.
Demand autonomy in exchange.
Compromise - offer them Han lands for independence.
Ask Russia to intervene.
Ask India to intervene.
We shall never surrender!
Ask [THIS.overlord.GetNameDef] to intervene..
Ask [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] to intervene.
The Surrender of [FROM.GetNameDef]
Faced against overwhelming political and military odds, [FROM.GetNameDef] has seen reason and has agreed to attend negotiations. Unwilling to risk bloodshed and their potential destruction, they have agreed to an unconditional surrender on our terms. After we decided to respect civilian governments and civilians in the lost territories, their government officially surrendered and accepted the Chinese annexation of their lands in a peaceful transfer of power. Throughout our nation, our citizens shall celebrate as the country, long divided, will unite once more.
A true victory for China!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands Autonomy
Faced against overwhelming political and military odds, [FROM.GetNameDef] has seen reason and has agreed to attend negotiations. Unwilling to risk bloodshed and their potential destruction but still maintaining a sense of dignity and independence, they have offered us their surrender in return for autonomy. They will be allowed to operate de jure outside our country as a sovereign entity but will be tied exclusively to our markets and political alignments. While we certainly view these lands as integral to the Chinese nation, perhaps we can see their point and respect their autonomy under our influence. Other nationalists have argued that since we have the larger hand in these negotiations, we should at least demand the regions with the most Han inhabitants so that we can encourage settlement on the frontiers. Alternatively, the warhawks in our government have simply demanded that we go to war right away as [FROM.GetNameDef] has little chance against our military might.
We accept their desire for autonomy.
Demand that they return the lands they stole from us!
War it shall be.
[ROOT.GetNameDefCap] Becomes an Autonomous Region
It would appear negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef] has gone well. Perhaps faced with international pressure and criticism, the Chinese government has agreed to grant us our full autonomy without other concessions - as long as we remain economically and politically tied to the Chinese sphere. This is a great victory for our nation as bloodshed has been avoided, and yet our independence has been recognised and honoured.
It would appear negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef] has gone well. Perhaps faced with international pressure and criticism, the Chinese government has agreed to grant us our full autonomy without other concessions - as long as we remain economically and politically tied to the Chinese sphere. While the Chinese had initially demanded regions that they deemed were \
The crisis is over!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands \
In the negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef], the Chinese government has agreed to offer our government and nation autonomy provided that we cede territory that they declare are Han-dominated. While these regions are explicitly ours, pacifist members of our government have urged our leadership to accept these demands in order to avoid bloodshed. Even if we lose land to the Chinese, at least our core territory and people will be allowed to enjoy the benefits of independence far away from Chinese rule. Nationalists within our government have denounced this idea, claiming that we should be treated as equals at the negotiation table and that the Chinese demand for some of our territory will eventually end with all of our territories lost.
We accept their demands.
We will never cede our lands to these colonisers!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Returns Han Lands
Our negotiations have gone well with [FROM.GetNameDef], who have sent ambassadors to our capital in order to discuss the ongoing land disputes. Perhaps seeing the hopelessness of their position, they have agreed to cede all lands inhabited by the Han in exchange for their autonomy under our sphere. We shall accept their proposal and surrender, but this incident has shown that we are now fully capable of projecting our power and strength in Asia.
We shall respect the treaty regardless.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Return Lands
Our negotiations have gone poorly with [FROM.GetNameDef], and their ambassadors have remained defiant in many key elements in our ongoing land dispute. Stubbornly refusing to cede any [FROM.GetAdjective] territory, even those with a Han majority, they have stuck to the original terms they have offered which is to remain autonomous within our sphere of influence. That would be the path of least resistance, though will likely cause lingering issues in our partnership for years to come. Some can only wonder if they have the truly have the leverage to demand such conditions.
Let them keep lands.
Break off negotiations.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers to Return Lands
In our ongoing negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef], they have agreed to cede lands which we claim that posses a considerable Han minority. In exchange, they ask that we shall drop all claims on their core territory and respect and recognise their national sovereignty. While some moderates have advocated this approach, the nationalists of our country have argued that these territories are integral Chinese lands and that if lost, they may be used by foreign powers against us. Instead, they have petitioned our government to take a more aggressive stance to resolve the crisis.
We agree to their proposal
Those lands are Chinese!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Offer to Return Lands
In our ongoing negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef], they have agreed to accept our peace proposal in which we will cede lands which we claim that posses a considerable Han minority. In exchange, they have agreed to all claims on their core territory and respect and recognise their national sovereignty. While pacifists and moderates have applauded this move, there are also those within our government who have advocated rejecting this proposal as one demand for land might lead to another in the future. Instead, they argue that we should resist and fight rather than surrender to the Chinese imperialists.
Peace in our time.
We shall not cede one inch!
Russia Refuses Protection
Spanning two continents, we border the mighty nation of Russia - the ancient power known as the Bear of the East. While they were humbled by the Japanese in the 1904 War and were further more humiliated by revolution and civil war after the Weltkrieg, Russia's resurgence to the world stage has made them a potential protector in our ongoing crisis against the Chinese Government.\n\nThe Russians have, nonetheless, refused to answer our call for help. Perhaps they have secretly negotiated our fate with the Chinese or perhaps they have more pressing concerns in the West.\n\n[china_offers_available_paragraph]\n\n[china_seek_protection_paragraph]
India Refuses Protection
The ancient nation of India having recently reunified, may pose a considerable threat to Chinese ambitions as their potential industry and population rivals and perhaps can even out-scale the Chinese. In desperate need of help, we sent negotiators to work out a possible Indian intervention to prevent Chinese aggression and encroachment on our borders.\n\nThe Indians have, nonetheless, refused to answer our call for help. They may have secretly negotiated our fate with the Chinese, or they may have more pressing concerns elsewhere. Whether it may be, it looks like we are on our own.\n\n[china_offers_available_paragraph]\n\n[china_seek_protection_paragraph]
China Refuses Autonomy
Disheartening news from [FROM.GetNameDef] today as they have refused our offers for autonomy. Perhaps if we offer to cede the lands of which they claim, they may be willing to consider our desire to stay independent. Whether their answer may be, we must prepare for the very worst.\n\n[china_offers_available_paragraph]\n\n[china_seek_protection_paragraph]
China Refuses Lands
Despite our generous offer to cede the lands for which they claim on the basis of having Han minorities, [FROM.GetNameDef] has outright refused our offer for autonomy in exchange for our land. It would appear that we do not have many options left on the table except to resist and fight back this blatant excuse to infringe on our national sovereignty.\n\n[china_offers_available_paragraph]\n\n[china_seek_protection_paragraph]
China Gives Ultimatum
We have received grave news today that [FROM.GetNameDef] has rejected our offers for autonomy and have also rejected our offers for autonomy in exchange for our territories that possess a Han minority. As negotiations broke down, their ambassador handed our government a note that demanded we immediately surrender at once and relinquish all notions of a national government in order to adhere to the pre-Republican borders of our nation being part of the greater Chinese state. At this point, we may either choose to avoid bloodshed by surrendering or decide to fight and hope to resist to the very end.\n\n[china_offers_available_paragraph]\n\n[china_seek_protection_paragraph]
As the Chinese encroach on our borders and demand our total annexation into their sphere, our prospects of independence grow dim. Pragmatic elements within our government have suggested that we cede the territories we own but possess a significant Han minority. To do so might appease the Chinese and their imperialist ambitions on our sovereignty, although it is a blow to our national prestige to cede territory without a fight willingly.
Our negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef] are not going as planned. Despite our generous offer to cede the territories we own that contain a significant Han minority to the Chinese Government, the Chinese negotiators have flatly refused our offer - demanding our total subjugation to their resurgent imperialist power.\n\nThe loudest warhawks in our government is telling our leadership to refuse any further Chinese offers and to prepare for war with [FROM.GetNameDef]. Yet pacifists and pragmatic members of our government are petitioning our government to offer [FROM.GetNameDef] our submission in exchange for autonomy.
Our negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef] are not going as planned. It is clear that the Chinese will demand either our total annexation or our submission. As an alternative to avoid a devastating war on our peoples and a war with near impossible odds to win, our leadership has proposed that we offer the Chinese Government our submission to potentially receive status as an autonomous nation within the Chinese sphere.
Our negotiations with [FROM.GetNameDef] are not going as planned. It is clear that the Chinese will demand either our total annexation or our submission. As an alternative to avoid a devastating war on our peoples and a war with near impossible odds to win, our leadership has proposed that we offer the Chinese Government the lands of which they currently claim that possess a significant Han minority. While this may seem to be a loss of face for us, it may pose a better option than the alternative.
While we have long struggled with our oppression under our Chinese overlords, new geo-political shifts around the world now present an opportunity. To the far North, the resurgent nation of [RUS.GetNameDef] seeks to reassert its hegemony over Eurasia and will no doubt be a powerful ally to which we can try to appeal. To the southern hemisphere of the Asian continent lies the recently reunified Indian nation - that will no doubt hope to seek to contain Chinese expansionism. Perhaps with these major rising nations, we can find protection against the Chinese encroachment on our borders.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nUnfortunately for us, both of the powers have refused our request for aid. It would appear we are on our own.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nUnfortunately for us, the Russians have declined our offer. Nonetheless, we could approach [HND.GetNameDef] for aid although they may require our government to fully profess to the ideals of socialism in order to receive protection and aid. Conservatives in our government have voiced opposition towards this offer - but we do not have much of a choice if we need to seek a backer.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nUnfortunately for us, the Russians have dismissed our petition but the Indian Government seems open to our offer and our plea for protection. Let us hope they see some sense and are willing to protect our national self-determination.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nUnfortunately for us, the Indians have declined our offer. Nonetheless, we could approach [RUS.GetNameDef] for aid although the Russian socialist government may require our government to join their sphere fully as a socialist ally. Conservatives in our government have voiced opposition towards this offer - but we do not have much of a choice if we need to seek a backer for protection.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nUnfortunately for us, the Indians have dismissed our petition but it would appear that the Russian Government seems open to our offer. Let us hope they see some sense and are willing to protect our national self-determination.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nThe socialist nations of [HND.GetNameDef] and [RUS.GetNameDef] have expressed their interest in protecting our national-self determination and our right to exist. However, they may ask that our government switch to a leftist or socialist alternative to participating in their shared revolution. Conservatives in our government have voiced opposition towards this offer - but perhaps this is necessary to save our nation from destruction.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nThe Russians have expressed interest in protecting our borders and national sovereignty but [HND.GetNameDef] has also sent our ambassadors a note of good will and a potential promise for friendship. Should we align with the Indians however, they may seek to demand that our government share in their revolution and establish a leftist government. This may arouse anger from our conservatives but we may need to do so in order to protect our nation from destruction.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nThe Indians have expressed interest in protecting our borders and national sovereignty but [RUS.GetNameDef] has also sent our ambassadors a note of good will and a potential promise for friendship. Should we align with the Russians however, they may seek to demand that our government share in their revolution and establish a leftist government. This may arouse anger from our conservatives but we may need to do so in order to protect our nation from destruction.
$china_seek_protection_paragraph_intro$\n\nBoth the Russian Government and the Indian Government have expressed interest in protecting our national sovereignty in their desire to limit Chinese expansionism. Let us consult with our leadership to determine the path for which our nation should take but we rest assured that we may have a strong backer to combat the Chinese from seizing our country.
While we have long struggled with our oppression under our Chinese overlords, new geo-political shifts around the world now present an opportunity. To the far North, the resurgent nation of [RUS.GetNameDef] seeks to reassert its hegemony over Eurasia and will no doubt be a powerful ally to which we can try to appeal. Should we align with the Russians however, they may seek to demand that our government share in their revolution and establish a leftist government. This may arouse anger from our conservatives but we may need to do so in order to protect our nation from destruction.
While we have long struggled with our oppression under our Chinese overlords, new geo-political shifts around the world now present an opportunity. To the far North, the resurgent nation of [RUS.GetNameDef] seeks to reassert its hegemony over Eurasia and will no doubt be a powerful ally to which we can try to appeal. Perhaps with them, we can find protection against the Chinese encroachment on our borders.
While we have long struggled with our oppression under our Chinese overlords, new geo-political shifts around the world now present an opportunity. To the southern hemisphere of the Asian continent lies the recently reunified Indian nation - that will no doubt hope to seek to contain Chinese expansionism. Should we align with the Indians however, they may seek to demand that our government share in their revolution and establish a leftist government. This may arouse anger from our conservatives but we may need to do so in order to protect our nation from destruction.
While we have long struggled with our oppression under our Chinese overlords, new geo-political shifts around the world now present an opportunity. To the southern hemisphere of the Asian continent lies the recently reunified Indian nation - that will no doubt hope to seek to contain Chinese expansionism. Perhaps with them, we can find protection against the Chinese encroachment on our borders.
We must surrender at once.
Demand autonomy in exchange.
Compromise - offer them Han lands for independence.
We seek help from the Russian Government.
We will seek help from the Indian Government.
We shall never surrender!
We have received an urgent request from [FROM.GetNameDef] asking for our protection against Chinese irredentism and expansionism. While the region was nominally under the sphere of the Qing Dynasty, following the 1911 Revolution they emerged with an independent government and many of them do not wish to see themselves reintegrated into the Chinese state. As a result, they have approached our government with the hopes that we come to their aid in their dire hour.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests Protection Against China
$china_events.110.intro$\n\nWe currently guarantee the independence of [FROM.GetNameDef] and thus can naturally come to their aid to resist Chinese expansionism. Nonetheless, there are also those in our government who argue that a united China may prove to be too exhausting for us and that we may be locked into a war that does not end quickly. The Chinese will no doubt not refuse to stand down and our country may have other threats to deal with.
$china_events.110.intro$ If we intervene on their behalf, they have declared that they will join our alliance as an independent member.
$china_events.110.intro$\n\nWe currently guarantee the independence of [FROM.GetNameDef] and thus can naturally come to their aid to resist Chinese expansionism. Nonetheless, there are also those in our government who argue that a united China may prove to be too exhausting for us and that we may be locked into a war that does not end quickly. The Chinese will no doubt not refuse to stand down and our country may have other threats to deal with.
$china_events.110.intro$ If we intervene on their behalf, they have declared that they will join our alliance as an independent member.
We shall come to their aid.
Demand they adopt a socialist government at once.
They are on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has Offered Us their Protection!
Our pleas for help have not gone unanswered! The Russian Government declared to our government that they acknowledge our national sovereignty and will declare to the Chinese government that they must withdraw all of their troops or else face a joint war. We may rest assured now that Moscow now has our back.
Our pleas for help have not gone unanswered! The Indian Government declared to our government that they acknowledge our national sovereignty and will declare to the Chinese government that they must withdraw all of their troops or else face a joint war. We may rest assured now that the great power of South Asia may stand to be our ally against the Chinese imperialists!
The Chinese will not dare come now...
[From.From.GetNameDefCap] protects [FROM.GetNameDef]
While we consider [FROM.GetNameDef] as an integral part of our country and our natural borders, it would appear that the cowards have appealed to [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] for protection. The Russian Government has offered us an ultimatum to cease our claims and aggression against [FROM.GetNameDef] or else face war. While our warhawks are calling us to take advantage of the weakened Russian nation, moderates and pacifists have been declaring that we instead find a peaceful mediation.
While we consider [FROM.GetNameDef] as an integral part of our country and our natural borders, it would appear that the cowards have appealed to [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] for protection. The Indian Government has offered us an ultimatum to cease our claims and aggression against [FROM.GetNameDef] or else face war. While our warhawks are calling us to take advantage of the recently unified Indian nation, moderates and pacifists have been declaring that we instead find a peaceful mediation.
We can't win this war, back down!
We must resist these imperialists!
The Chinese back down
Faced with international pressure, the Chinese have decided to back down and withdraw their military forces from our borders. It would appear that our independence is now fully secured from their expansionism.
Peace in our time.
China Mobilises its Armies
Despite international pressure, the Chinese have still decide to mobilise their army and reports on our borders indicate that their troops are moving in. It would appear that our nation is now at war with the Chinese nation, only time will tell whether or not we emerge victorious.
They will not win.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands a turn to Socialism
In response to our plea for help, [RUS.GetNameDef] has demanded that our government adopt a socialist model and integrate ourselves to their sphere. While doing so will guarantee their protection over our lands, this will essentially reduce our independence as we will become no more than a puppet of their socialist sphere. Nonetheless, considering the alternative is annexation and destruction from the Chinese - perhaps this is the best course to take.
In response to our plea for help, [HND.GetNameDef] has demanded that our government adopt a socialist model and integrate ourselves to their sphere. While doing so will guarantee their protection over our lands, this will essentially reduce our independence as we will become no more than a puppet of their socialist sphere. Nonetheless, considering the alternative is annexation and destruction from the Chinese - perhaps this is the best course to take.
We gratefully accept.
We will not surrender our independence.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Accept Socialism
We have received great news. As part of the international revolution, [FROM.GetNameDef] has agreed to change their government into a socialist one - joining our fraternity of socialist brothers and sisters. Now, we will stand united and defiant against the Chinese imperialists and they will be forced to either back down or suffer the consequences.
The Internationale Unites the Human Race!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Socialism
Perhaps due to their own arrogance, [FROM.GetNameDef] have refused our generous offer to change their government into a socialist one. Considering that they have chosen to maintain their backwards and reactionary government, we will offer them no protection in their forthcoming conflict with the Chinese.
They have chosen their fate.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Stands Defiant
The arrogant and ignorant peoples of [FROM.GetNameDef] have refused all of our generous demands have instead declared to our negotiators that the only solution to the crisis, is their national independence. Naturally this is unacceptable as these regions are integral parts of China that were lost during the Century of Humiliation. We will have no choice but to use military force in order to reunify the remaining parts of our great country!
They have sealed their fate!
China Demands Annexation of [FROM.GetNameDef]
With Chinese unification now secured, China now turns their eyes towards the [FROM.GetAdjective] border. Once a distant part of the Great Qing, the modern Chinese state claims descent from their Manchu predecessors and consequently have begun agitating for its return. With troops amassing and rhetoric growing increasingly hostile, it takes little imagination to understand what is at stake.
An intermediate option has been proposed, which some hope may resolve tensions. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] currently occupies territories that consist of a Han Chinese majority, the main focus of nationalist ire. Exchanging these territories for the continued independence of [FROM.GetNameDef] may avoid war between powers, even if it betrays some of our prior commitments.
This has come to a head in recent days, as [FROM.GetLeader] has petitioned us to intervene on their behalf, citing our existing military obligations. It is true that we have interests in the area, and these are the circumstances we promised that we would defend them from. The question then remains, are we willing to stand up for [FROM.GetAdjective] independence?
Our interests in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] are rather extensive, with the [FROM.GetRulingParty] government effectively subservient to our foreign policy. [FROM.GetLeader] has nonetheless been persistent in his pleas, demanding that we honour our obligations to step in and ward off Chinese invasion. Failure to do so would make a major embarrassment for [ROOT.GetLeader], and undermine [ROOT.GetAdjective] foreign policy.
$china_events.119.overlord$\n\nOur allies in the [ROOT.GetFactionName] will likely also be drawn into this conflict, as what superficially may seem like a border skirmish may very well escalate to a broader regional conflict. To press this issue we will likely be forced to consult [ROOT.GetFactionName] leadership as well.
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.faction_leader_text$\n\n$china_events.119.compromise$
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.faction_leader_text$
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.overlord$\n\n$china_events.119.compromise$
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.overlord$
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.overlordinfaction$\n\n$china_events.119.compromise$
$china_events.119.intro$\n\n$china_events.119.overlordinfaction$
We move to protect [FROM.GetAdjective] independence!
Petition [ROOT.GetFactionName] for support!
Seek a compromise over disputed territories.
This isn't worth it, abandon [FROM.GetNameDef].
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Protects Us
Our petition for [FROM.GetAdjective] aid was successful! Having heard [ROOT.GetLeader]'s plea, [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has issued a stern warning for the Chinese to back off from our territory and are willing to send troops into the region to defend us as necessary.
$china_events.120.intro$ We now await with bated breath to see what the Chinese will do next.
$china_events.120.intro$ This unfortunately was not without first attempting to negotiate with the Chinese to hand only \
It is good to have allies.
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Protects [FROM.GetNameDef]
Not helping our cause perhaps is our prior refusal to accept a compromise returning Han majority lands from [FROM.GetAdjective] control. This has left us effectively in a corner - if we were bluffing in hopes of avoiding war and seizing contested territories, then now we are forced to either go to war for all of the region or back down in shame.
As we seek to restore Chinese integrity over [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], it seems only natural that their vile puppetmasters in [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] would step in to stop us. Nationalists within the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] insist that we press forward, citing the need to end the Century of Humiliation, through force of arms if necessary. On the other hand however, such a war might be devastating for a country still recovering from the Warlord Era. The decision now rests with [ROOT.GetLeader] and his ministers.
$china_events.121.d.overlord$\n\n$china_events.121.refusedlands$
$china_events.121.d.overlord$\n\nIt appears that [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has lost a crucial advantage as their former allies largely abandon them, not willing to engage in a potentially massive Asian conflict. This means that they stand alone, but that hardly means they are powerless.
$china_events.121.d.overlord_abandoned_by_allies$\n\n$china_events.121.refusedlands$
$china_events.121.d.overlord$\n\n[FROM.FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] has decided to enter the fray, threatening to bring in the entire [FROM.FROM.FROM.GetFactionName] into the conflict should be escalate tensions. This compounds the headache this crisis has created, weakening our position considerably.
$china_events.121.d.overlord_and_allies$\n\n$china_events.121.refusedlands$
In the last few years as [FROM.GetNameDef] has sought to cement their independence, they have worked to build ties with outside powers in an effort to protect themselves for the inevitable day of our unification. They have consequently thrown their lot in with [FROM.GetFactionName], who have agreed to protect them against us. Despite the strength of a united China, war is as always a risky proposition - one that may start as we please but will not necessarily end as planned.
$china_events.121.d.faction$\n\n$china_events.121.refusedlands$
We must back down.
War it is then.
China Backs Down
After weeks of growing tensions, the world can sigh a breath of relief. Faced with the possibility of a grinding war that would destabilise a fledgling nation, China's leadership blinked first. They have decided to accept an agreement far from their lofty demands, agreeing to a treaty of non-aggression. Although the possibility of disarmament in the future remains a distant ambition, for now at least it appears that there will be peace in Asia.
Reason prevails.
China Mobilises For War
After weeks of growing tensions, it appears that things will soon spiral out of control. Faced with our growing resolve to resist their imperialist ambitions, Chinese leadership have elected to double down in their rabid quest for power. With any hope of a diplomatic solution rapidly evaporating, we have little choice but to prepare for a prolonged conflict.
We will prevail.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests [ROOT.GetFactionName] Support Against China
[FROM.GetAdjective] interests in China's contested frontiers has been long known to us, though with the Chinese long distracted by their own petty squabbles it was of little concern. At least until recently. Rejecting the independence (or at least nominal independence) of various groups that had attempted to break away from the Han-dominated government, the Chinese have begun mobilising forces in an revanchist effort to restore the old Qing imperial borders.\n\nNow, there is a growing threat that [ROOT.GetFactionName] will be drawn into an Asian conflict, something we may not be prepared for. As the de facto leader of the alliance, it is up to use to coordinate a response to [FROM.GetAdjective] appeals for aid against Chinese aggression.
We shall throw our weight behind them.
These matters are far to distant to be of our concern.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Supports Us
Thankfully, our close ties with [FROM.GetFactionName] have paid off. In response to our appeals for support against Chinese aggression, [FROM.GetLeader] has offered to come to our aid in the event of an invasion. In addition to strengthening our alliance, we shall ensure the continued protection of our own allies and interests in the region. With any luck, the Chinese will back off from further aggression, lest they risk an expanded war.
That's what allies are for.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Support Us
Despite our existing ties with [FROM.GetFactionName], they claim that it does not extend to our subsidiary allies. In a tremendous show of weakness and duplicity, [FROM.GetLeader] has informed us that we cannot expect the assistance of [FROM.GetFactionName] in the event of a conflict.\n\nThis puts us in a weakened position. If we press to continue protecting our allies, we will be forced to sacrifice our ties with [FROM.GetFactionName], leaving us ourselves vulnerable. On the other hand, to back down now would make us look weak, sacrificing our own interests in favour of the broader alliance. Ultimately however, it is up to [ROOT.GetLeader] to decide what to do with our interests in Chinese-claimed lands.
Protect them regardless!
Offer the Chinese a compromise to save face.
Cut them loose for the sake of our [FROM.GetFactionName] allies.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Leaves the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Angered about our decision not to protect their interests in Chinese-contested areas, [FROM.GetLeader] has announced the withdrawal of [FROM.GetNameDef] from [ROOT.GetFactionName]. This is a blow to the stability of our alliance, and their decision to dig their heels in to resist the Chinese will likely lead to an unfavourable outcome for all. Still, we did what we could to preserve the peace and we will simply have to find our own way without the [FROM.GetAdjective].
Disappointing.
A Middle Ground?
After some deliberations, [FROM.GetLeader] has come up with a solution to propose to the Chinese, hoping to ward off invasion. Han majority territories currently in [ROOT.GetAdjective] hands will be returned to Chinese control, in exchange we will be able to preserve our independence and China will withdraw all claims to our core lands.
$china_events.128.intro$\n\nGiven our heavy dependence on [FROM.GetNameDef], our say is nothing more than a rubber-stamp in this process. Still, we can nonetheless hope that this will create a lasting peace.
$china_events.128.intro$\n\nUltimately, this choice is our own. Some of our people may see accepting this compromise as a betrayal, but if it would lead to peace - then surely we must at least try?
We have no choice in this matter...
This is tantamount to surrender!
A worthy, if unfortunate, compromise.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Compromise
With a potentially devastating war on the horizon, [FROM.GetLeader] has decided to take the reasonable course of action and agree to our proposal to divide contested [FROM.GetAdjective] land between them and China. Han majority provinces will be returned to Chinese authorities, while the Chinese government will recognise the continued independence of [FROM.GetNameDef]. A draft agreement will now be sent to the Chinese to review.
Let us wait for their reply.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Compromise
Despite the potential for a devastating war, [FROM.GetLeader] has decided to take a hard line, insisting that [FROM.GetNameDef] will defend every inch of rightful [FROM.GetAdjective] soil until the very last. They have torpedoed any chance of a compromise, vowing to fight on regardless of our participation. Given the circumstances, we are stuck with two stark choices - either we stand with our allies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] or we call their bluff and abandon them to their fate.
All the same we will defend them.
They shall perish on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers a Potential Compromise
We have received news from [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef], that as part of their official mediation with our country and on behalf of [FROM.GetNameDef], [FROM.GetNameDef] will cede away lands that they own with a significant Han minority. In return, they ask that we drop all other claims on their territory and respect their independence. While this is certainly an enticing offer, warhawk nationalists are calling for us to reject this perceived unequal treaty and to instead prepare for war with [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef].
We have received news from [FROM.FactionLeader.GetNameDef], that as part of their official mediation with our country and on behalf of [FROM.GetNameDef], [FROM.GetNameDef] will cede away lands that they own with a significant Han minority. In return, they ask that we drop all other claims on their territory and respect their independence. While this is certainly an enticing offer, warhawk nationalists are calling for us to reject this perceived unequal treaty and to instead prepare for war with [FROM.FactionLeader.GetNameDef].
We accept this proposal for peace.
We will not sign this unequal treaty!
China Accepts Compromise
We have received news that the Chinese Government has agreed to accept the lands of which they claim which possess a Chinese minority in exchange for relinquishing all of their claims on our land. We will accept this proposal while this means our land is stripped away.
We have received news from [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] that they have decided to withdraw from our alliance in order to defend [FROM.GetNameDef]. Nonetheless it would appear bloodshed has been avoided since [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] has managed to successfully negotiate a compromise with the Chinese government, that [FROM.GetNameDef] will cede all lands containing a significant Han minority in exchange for independence.
We have received news that [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] has negotiated a peace with the Chinese government on behalf of [FROM.GetNameDef]. In exchange, for ceding all lands containing a significant Han minority to the Chinese Government, the Chinese will drop all other claims they have on the outer frontiers. It would appear that there will be no war fought over them.
Unfortunately it must be done.
A peace has been negotiated.
We had no other choice.
Peace in our time
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Offer to Compromise
Despite our generous offer to cede the Han lands to [FROM.GetNameDef], they have refused our offers to compromise. At this time, the only likely option may be war.
What must come will come.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Compromise
We have received grave news that [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused our generous offers for a compromise. Since it would appear that the only other option is war, perhaps we may try reaching out to [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] for support in a potential war with the Chinese Government. We can either choose to abandon our protection of our subject or seek to protect regardless.
We have received grave news that [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused our generous offers for a compromise. Since the last time we came to [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] for aid in this crisis and they refused, it is unlikely that they will find it prospective to intervene once more. We can either choose to abandon our protection of our subject or seek to protect regardless.
We have received news that [FROM.GetNameDef] has refused an offer to compromise over their irredentist claims. This may mean war for our country, a war that not many of our citizens will think is worth dying for. Nonetheless, there are certainly those who argue that we must take a stand against Chinese expansionism and declare that we will protect our allies.
Let us hope [ROOT.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] comes to our aid.
Despite the odds, we must protect them.
Enough is enough, we will defend them.
This is not our war.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Compromise
Tragic and disheartening news for us today as we have received word that [FROM.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] has removed us from their sphere and has abandoned us to the Chinese. Citing that they do not believe this is their conflict, they have withdrawn their embassy and military forces from our country - leaving us at the mercy of the Chinese. Only time will tell whether or not we will survive this onslaught.
Tragic and disheartening news for us today as we have received word that [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] has decided not to intervene in our favour and has abandoned us to the Chinese. Citing that they do not think they can win this war without the help of [FROM.FactionLeader.GetNameDef] whom has already declared that they will be neutral in the forthcoming conflict, they have withdrawn their embassy and military forces from our country - leaving us at the mercy of the Chinese. Only time will tell whether or not we will survive this onslaught.
Tragic and disheartening news for us today as we have received word that [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] has decided not to intervene in our favour and has abandoned us to the Chinese. Citing that they do not think this a conflict that they will be able to win, they have withdrawn their embassy and military forces from our country - leaving us at the mercy of the Chinese. Only time will tell whether or not we will survive this onslaught.
They are cowards.
[FROM.FROM.GetNameDefCap] Abandons [FROM.GetNameDef]
We have received excellent news that [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has withdrawn their protection of [FROM.GetNameDef] thus resolving the crisis without plunging the Asian continent into war. We will see to it that the frontiers are rightfully established within our nation and that our victory will be a short one.
A victory against imperialism!
Establishing a Mongolian Administration
Across the 17th and 18th Century, Mongolia was slowly absorbed into the Great Qing. This Manchu dynasty had previously good relationships with Mongolian clans and utilised their Mongolian subjects to great effect as cavalrymen, however the Qing dynasty's efforts to subjugate the Mongolians and implement their banner system was met with resistance. The 18th Century saw famine and a large migration of Han Chinese into the region that became known as \
Authorise the creation of an Outer Mongolian Autonomous Region only.
Establish both an Inner and Outer Mongolian Autonomous Region.
Mongolia shall be reorganised into ordinary provinces.
Establishing a Xinjiang Administration
Xinjiang has had a long and tumultuous history and Chinese military presence there began in the Han dynasty with garrisons deployed to protect trade interests along the valuable Silk Road. Control over the region frequently shifted as successive dynasties had varying degrees of fortune keeping the distant land under their control. The Qing dynasty wrested control of Xinjiang and Tibet from the Dzungars across the 17th and 18th Century in a devastating war of conquest. They also encouraged Han, Hui, and Manchu migration to supplement their control along with their garrison, a tactic used in previous dynasties such as the Tang. Xinjiang, then known as Chinese Turkestan, was converted into a province and given its present name, which translates to New Frontier.\n\nThe 1911 Xinhai Revolution saw the collapse of Qing authority and the assumption of Han Governor Yang Zengxin to power. A multi-ethnic region, Xinjiang has been plagued by instability and unrest, particularly by Kumul Khanate loyalists in the north and East Turkestan separatists in the south. The travel distance from Beijing to Dihua (the provincial capital) is said to take longer than travelling from Moscow to Vladivostok, which has created a degree of isolation - further worsened by regionalist tendencies of the Governors and the disruption of the warlord era.\n\nNevertheless, we have successfully brought Xinjiang under our heel, developing a plan for long-term governance is a must if we are to stabilise our rule. Xinjiang is home to many ethnic groups, including Uyghurs, Han, Kazakhs, Hui, Kirghiz, and Mongolians and there has been a call by local leaders to establish an autonomous zone to ensure the rights of local minorities. However, there has also been considerable resistance to the idea - unlike Tibet or Mongolia, Xinjiang has been ruled as a province for decades now.
Authorise the creation of a Xinjiang Autonomous Region.
Xinjiang shall remain a province.
Establishing a Tibetan Administration
The history of Chinese rule over Tibet is a long and complicated one. The Qing Dynasty first asserted direct control over the region when their soldiers aided the 7th Dalai Lama in expelling the Dzungar Khanate, appointing their own administrators known as Ambans to the region. Tibet became a \
Authorise the creation of an \
The Tibet Autonomous Region should be expanded to include \
Tibet shall be administered as a province.
[FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Plots a Sinophile Coup
After some difficult negotiations with the [FROM.GetAdjective] government, the people were elated that we were able to come to a peaceful arrangement with the Chinese. The terms of the deal were that we would retain our domestic autonomy and nominal independence on the international stage as a Chinese protectorate, even if our foreign affairs were to be handled in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. This arrangement, a modern equivalent of the old Chinese system of suzerainty, implicitly included the retention of our current leadership in the [ROOT.GetRulingParty].\n\nThe Chinese have lost their faith in [ROOT.GetLeader]'s government however, or perhaps they never truly intended to allow him (or at least his current crop of advisors) to rule. Already Chinese-aligned press outlets have taken a darker tone on the government in power and the Chinese \
We can do little but accept the inevitable.
We fight until the last breath!
Bloodless Coup in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
After difficult negotiations with the [FROM.GetAdjective] government, the people were elated that we were able to come to a peaceful arrangement to reunify our country. The terms of the deal were that they would retain some domestic autonomy and nominal independence on the international stage as a Chinese protectorate, though their foreign affairs would be handled in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. This arrangement, a modern equivalent of the old Chinese system of suzerainty, allowed for the initial retention of the [FROM.GetRulingParty]'s leadership.\n\nTheir continued seditious actions and allowance of secessionist ministers to remain in their government have soured relations, and it became clear that [FROM.GetLeader], or at least his current crop of advisors, will not fit in with our shared future. Therefore, we have exercised our just authority as suzerain to initiate a handover in power.\n\nAfter meeting with local politicians, military officers, and other stakeholders, our Ambassador has crafted a government more amenable to our interests. Though some have in the past participated in separatist activities, the new regime is either pragmatic enough or ideologically compatible enough to consolidate our hold over [FROM.Getname].\n\nOf course, [FROM.GetLeader] and his cronies cried betrayal and whined about broken promises, but with their allies unable or unwilling to help, they had no real leverage over us. In the end they submitted peacefully, which is the important thing. We all can now look forward to that bright future and \
That settles the matter.
Sinophile Coup in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Collapses
After difficult negotiations with the [FROM.GetAdjective] government, the people were elated that we were able to come to a peaceful arrangement to reunify our country. The terms of the deal were that they would retain some domestic autonomy and nominal independence on the international stage as a Chinese protectorate, though their foreign affairs would be handled in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. This arrangement, a modern equivalent of the old Chinese system of suzerainty, allowed for the initial retention of the [ROOT.GetRulingParty]'s leadership.\n\nTheir continued seditious actions and allowance of secessionist ministers to remain in their government have soured relations, and it became clear that [ROOT.GetLeader], or at least his current crop of advisors, will not fit in with our shared future. Therefore, we have exercised our just authority as suzerain to initiate a handover in power.\n\nOur Ambassador sought to address the issue by meeting with local politicians, military officers, and other stakeholders to craft a government more amenable to our interests. However, with the separatists heavily entrenched in positions of power, these efforts came to naught. [ROOT.GetLeader] and his cronies cried betrayal and have risen up in revolt in a last ditch effort to preserve their independence, but with their allies unable or unwilling to help this will ironically probably doom their negotiated autonomy.
It seems they would prefer to be a province after all...
[china.GetNameDefCap] Demands the Return of our Concessions
The great powers have maintained concessions in China since the Treaty of Nanjing, nearly a century ago. Now unified under [china.GetLeader], China itself stands on the threshold of becoming another such power. With the scales so-shifted, we have received a communique from [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] politely, but firmly, demanding the 'return' of our concessions.\n\nHad such a message been received mere years ago, it would have been met by little more than journalistic bemusement and jests in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] bars. Now the matter is deadly serious. The Chinese could simply walk into any of our concessions virtually unopposed, leaving us with the unenviable task of recovering them, and then subduing the Chinese nation as a whole. However, China's last century of martial tradition is spotty at best, and our own troops are no doubt the pride of [ROOT.GetNameDef].
This isn't worth a war.
Demand compensation.
Ignore their threats.
Notify [THIS.overlord.GetNonIdeologyName] immediately!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Returns our Concessions
Despite our expectations, [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has returned its concessions without a fight. This is a glorious day for China, and a triumphant step on the journey to end national humiliation!
Wansui!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Wants Compensation for its Concessions
Where only a matter of years ago [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] would have dismissed our demands out of hand, the [FROM.GetAdjective] delegates have agreed to hand their concessions over in principle, but with one condition: compensation. The notion that we should have to compensate foreigners for land seized under duress is, of course, absurd. However, this could prove a relatively easy way to avoid a costly war, as well as any risk of disgrace at home were our forces to suffer defeat.
We will pay.
Absolutely not.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Compensation for Concessions
Seeing good sense, the Chinese have agreed to compensate us for our concessions. So long as they pay, and in full, this should be the end of the matter.
Very well.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Compensation for Concessions
Against all good sense, the Chinese have refused our offer to accept compensation for the return of our concessions. We must prepare for the eventuality of war.
Damn the fools.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Return Concessions
As expected from such unrepentant imperialists, the [FROM.GetAdjective] foreigners have refused to return their concessions. Now we will show them the might of a united China!
We need but close our fist.
China Attempts to Seize the Concessions!
Less than an hour ago, Chinese troops attempted to enter our concessions, and despite fierce resistance stand to seize them entirely before the day is done. We must decide here and now whether we will sail to their rescue, and put down this Chinese menace once and for all!
Deploy the fleet!
They cannot be defended.
Notify [THIS.overlord.GetNonIdeologyName] immediately!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Abandons its Concessions
Awed by our combined might and unwavering resolve, the foreigners have all but abandoned their concessions, leaving them ripe for their return to China. Already our forces are poised to seize them, and raise the Chinese flag high above their streets. Another glorious step on the road to ending our century of national humiliation!
Wansui!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Threatens War
Our move to seize the concessions has triggered a furious response from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and their ambassador in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] has formally threatened war. Can we really afford to back down now?
Back down.
Let there be war.
China Backs Down over Concessions
To almost everyone's surprise, the Chinese have balked in the face of war, and withdrawn their troops from our concessions' borders. The political ramifications in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] will no doubt be significant, but we can expect no real threat to emerge in the foreseeable future.
Excellent news.
China Seizes the Concessions
Despite our threat of war, Chinese troops have moved into our concessions, overcoming the meagre resistance presented by our garrisons and local militia forces. Now we must make good on our promises, and the time has come for war.
And war it shall be!
Twilight on the Bund
The great powers have maintained concessions in China since the Treaty of Nanjing, nearly a century ago. Now unified under [FROM.GetLeader], China itself stands on the threshold of becoming another such power. With the scales so-shifted, we have received a communique from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] politely, but firmly, requesting the 'return' of our cities. Had such a message been received mere years ago, it would have been met by little more than journalistic bemusement and jests over hotel bars. Now it's no laughing matter.\n\nOn the one hand, the Chinese seem almost impossible to deter. Our international Mandate has become a final reminder of their so-called 'Century of Humiliation'. On the other, re-integration threatens the homes and livelihoods built by countless people in Shanghai, Tianjin, and elsewhere; a unique blend of cultures found nowhere else in the world. Fortunately, we may take comfort in the protection of [LEC.overlord.GetName]. If we are to find salvation, it will be at their hands.
The great powers have maintained concessions in China since the Treaty of Nanjing, nearly a century ago. Now unified under [FROM.GetLeader], China itself stands on the threshold of becoming another such power. With the scales so-shifted, we have received a communique from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] politely, but firmly, requesting the 'return' of our cities. Had such a message been received mere years ago, it would have been met by little more than journalistic bemusement and jests over hotel bars. Now it's no laughing matter.\n\nOn the one hand, the Chinese seem almost impossible to deter. Our international Mandate has become a final reminder of their so-called 'Century of Humiliation'. On the other, re-integration threatens the homes and livelihoods built by countless people in Shanghai, Tianjin, and elsewhere; a unique blend of cultures found nowhere else in the world. Fortunately, we may take comfort in the protection of [LEC.FactionLeader.GetName] and our other allies. If we are to find salvation, it will be at their hands.
The great powers have maintained concessions in China since the Treaty of Nanjing, nearly a century ago. Now unified under [FROM.GetLeader], China itself stands on the threshold of becoming another such power. With the scales so-shifted, we have received a communique from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] politely, but firmly, requesting the 'return' of our cities. Had such a message been received mere years ago, it would have been met by little more than journalistic bemusement and jests over hotel bars. Now it's no laughing matter.\n\nOn the one hand, the Chinese seem almost impossible to deter. Our international Mandate has become a final reminder of their so-called 'Century of Humiliation'. On the other, re-integration threatens the homes and livelihoods built by countless people in Shanghai, Tianjin, and elsewhere; a unique blend of cultures found nowhere else in the world. Fortunately, we may take comfort in the protection of the Legation Council's members, great powers of their own. If they can decide on a course of action, and with any haste, salvation will come at their hands.
The great powers have maintained concessions in China since the Treaty of Nanjing, nearly a century ago. Now unified under [FROM.GetLeader], China itself stands on the threshold of becoming another such power. With the scales so-shifted, we have received a communique from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] politely, but firmly, requesting the 'return' of our cities. Had such a message been received mere years ago, it would have been met by little more than journalistic bemusement and jests over hotel bars. Now it's no laughing matter.\n\nOn the one hand, the Chinese seem almost impossible to deter. Our international Mandate has become a final reminder of their so-called 'Century of Humiliation'. On the other, re-integration threatens the homes and livelihoods built by countless people in Shanghai, Tianjin, and elsewhere; a unique blend of cultures found nowhere else in the world. Now the time has come to choose.
Forward their demands to [ROOT.Overlord.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].
Recommend [LEC.FactionLeader.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] disband the Mandate.
Recommend [LEC.FactionLeader.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] defend the Mandate.
Recommend the Legation Council disband itself.
Recommend the Legation Council defend itself.
We must accept the inevitable.
We will fight!
An End to the Century of Humiliation
Defying our expectations, [LEC.overlord.GetNameDef] has agreed to hand the Legation Cities over to us without a fight. Although there will no doubt be holdouts and other troublemakers, plans are already being made for a triumphant march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag over Shanghai for the first time in a century. We fully expect several weeks of partial chaos, moderated by the cooperation between our soldiers and those of the occupying foreign forces. So too will there likely be a flight of many thousands of foreign citizens and their associates. They will receive safe passage overseas under the terms agreed with [LEC.overlord.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. The reintegration of the Legation Cities will take time and effort, but finally, after decades of humiliation, China can stand tall and proud once again!
Defying our expectations, [LEC.FactionLeader.GetName] has agreed to hand the Legation Cities over to us without a fight. This appears to have caught the foreigners in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities by surprise, and the move is already being taken as a betrayal. Although plans are being drawn up for a triumphant march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag over Shanghai for the first time in a century, events will likely unfold far less cleanly. The cities' existing volunteer defence groups will soon find themselves bolstered by those hoping to defend their homes, even as [LEC.FactionLeader.GetAdjective] troops prepare to withdraw. Chaos is already beginning to fill the streets of Shanghai as foreigners pile onto ships, take up rifles, or barricade their homes. The following weeks and months will be messy, but such is the price of imperialism.
Defying our expectations, the Legation Cities have agreed to disband themselves, effectively handing authority over to our government. Less surprisingly, the agreement came with a long set of conditions, including payouts to foreign business owners, guarantees of safe passage, and a gradual exchange of authority. Ultimately, this is a small price to pay. Plans are already being drawn up for a triumphant march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag over Shanghai for the first time in a century. Although there will no doubt be some panic, violent holdouts, and other troublemakers, as well as several months of work toward reintegration, China can stand tall and proud once again. The century of humiliation has finally come to an end!
At last it is over!
Refusal
Quoting the infamous 'Severn Note' that triggered the Shanghai Scramble of 1925, [LEC.GetLeader] has flatly refused our request to hand over the Legation Cities. 'Once again, the line must be drawn', he writes. This time, though, there are no German, Japanese, or American warships that can steam to his aid, and instead the might of a united China bears down upon his set of small, ill-gotten, concessions. Given their small size and lack of protection, seizing the Legation Cities should be akin to squashing an insect, but the international community will no doubt paint us as villains. With Shanghai in particular offering resistance, the cities will quickly fall into chaos, as foreigners pile onto ships, others barricade their homes, and men take up arms as part of various volunteer forces. The foreigners will defend their homes, many to the last man, and Shanghai, the Paris of the East, will burn.
Let them keep their cities.
Brave but foolish.
A Communique from [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
We have received word from Shanghai that the Chinese, now united under a single government for the first time in decades, wish to re-negotiate the status of the Legation Cities. Put plainly, they are demanding the immediate return of all our concessions in China. Many intellectuals would argue that the Legation Cities are echoes of a bygone age, but there are few places in the world as profitable as Shanghai, or as strategically important. Our generals point out the difficulty in holding such a small set of territories against a country as large as China, with its vast reserves of manpower, but gunboat diplomacy has yet to meet its match.\n\nThe Legation Cities may attempt to defend themselves, in one way or another, but should we decide to act we must be prepared to do so to the hilt.
We have received word from Shanghai that the Chinese, now united under a single government for the first time in decades, wish to re-negotiate the status of the Legation Cities. Put plainly, they are demanding the immediate return of all our concessions in China. Surprisingly, the Shanghai Municipal Council, the trend-setter for the cities as a whole, has recommended disbanding itself and caving to the Chinese demands. Their decision was likely made in the hopes of securing a safe evacuation for the many tens of thousands of non-Chinese, and perhaps compensation for business owners set to lose everything in the takeover. Still, we do not need to heed their recommendation. There are few places in the world as profitable as Shanghai, or as strategically important. Our generals point out the difficulty in holding such a small set of territories against a country as large as China, with its vast reserves of manpower, but gunboat diplomacy has yet to meet its match.\n\nShould we choose to defend Shanghai and the other Legation Cities, we must be prepared to do so to the hilt.
We have received word from Shanghai that the Chinese, now united under a single government for the first time in decades, wish to re-negotiate the status of the Legation Cities. Put plainly, they are demanding the immediate return of all our concessions in China. Unsurprisingly, the Shanghai Municipal Council, the trend-setter for the cities as a whole, has recommended against caving to the Chinese demands. Many intellectuals would argue that the Legation Cities are echoes of a bygone age, but there are few places in the world as profitable as Shanghai, or as strategically important. Our generals point out the difficulty in holding such a small set of territories against a country as large as China, with its vast reserves of manpower, but gunboat diplomacy has yet to meet its match.\n\nThe Legation Cities will likely attempt to defend themselves, in one way or another, but should we decide to act we must be prepared to do so to the hilt.
We will negotiate an orderly withdrawal.
We will defend the Legation Cities.
The End of an Era
The decision has been handed down from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]: the Legation Cities are to disband following the evacuation of all who desire to leave, and an orderly withdrawal of what garrison forces remain. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality here in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all.\n\nStill, there is no shortage of triumph in the Chinese camp. Plans are likely already being drawn for a pompous march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag above Shanghai for the first time in a century. Now there is little left to do but pack our bags, say our goodbyes, and sail on into the sunset.
And so the curtain falls.
The Last Argument of Empires
[FROM.GetLeader]'s decision has arrived from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]: the Legation Cities will be defended. Even now [FROM.GetAdjective] warships should be sailing to our aid, to join forces with [FROM.GetAdjective] garrisons and our own volunteer corps, all to ward off the threatened Chinese invasion. While this news will no doubt be met by cheers on the Bund, a battle for Shanghai, let alone the other cities, could prove catastrophic. Even if we can be defended, we will be subject to bombardment and siege. Trade, the very lifeblood of our fair cities, could be cut off for weeks, months, or maybe even years.\n\nOur best hope now is that China backs down, and leaves us to decide our own fate.
It may yet be decided by the sword.
The Legation Cities will be Defended
Not so long ago we and [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] agreed to support each other in matters of war and peace, forming an alliance that was supposed to stand the test of time. Now [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has thrown our interests out the window by opposing our planned reclamation of the Legation Cities. Now we are forced to choose between our allies and a core national interest - a sacred mission begun with the humiliation and division of China at the hands of the foreign powers nearly a century ago. If we decide to recognise our ally's interests over our own we will assuredly extend the already long century of humiliation, but sometimes needs must dictate our desires. To lose [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] as an ally, and then fight them in the field, may be foolhardy no matter the political consequences.
Seemingly repeating the events of 1925, when an international coalition came to the defence of the faltering British concessions in China, [FROM.FROM.GetNameDef] has declared its intent to defend the Legation Cities. But, China is stronger and far more united now than it was then. With enough resolve, the tables may be turned, and the foreigners could be made to pay a heavy price for their hubris. Yet, we must seek truth from facts. No matter how far we have come, we must judge our enemies' strength against our own. Fighting [FROM.FROM.GetName] and whatever allies it draws may prove foolhardy no matter the political consequences.
The timing is not right.
We must back down, but our alliance is broken.
This changes nothing.
A Communique from [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
We have received word from Shanghai that the Chinese, now united under a single government for the first time in decades, wish to re-negotiate the status of the Legation Cities. Put plainly, they are demanding the immediate return of all concessions in China. The matter has been passed to the Legation Council, and whatever choice the council ultimately makes will be binding.\n\nMany intellectuals would argue that the Legation Cities are echoes of a bygone age, but there are few places in the world as profitable as Shanghai, or as strategically important. Our generals point out the difficulty in holding such a small set of territories against a country as large as China, with its vast reserves of manpower, but gunboat diplomacy has yet to meet its match.\n\nThe Legation Cities may attempt to defend themselves, in one way or another, but should the council vote to defend the mandate we must be prepared to do so to the hilt. Military defeat by a second-rate power like China would be unacceptable. With some luck, the Chinese will back down in the face of overwhelming force, but otherwise war seems inevitable.\n\nOur ambassador in [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] awaits the government's decision.
Vote to surrender the Mandate.
Vote to defend the Mandate.
The Votes Are In
It has been decided: with all votes cast, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality here in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all.\n\nStill, there is no shortage of triumph in the Chinese camp. Plans are likely already being drawn for a pompous march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag above Shanghai for the first time in a century. With no foreign intervention set to change our fate, there is now little to do now but see to an orderly transfer of power, insofar as one can be arranged. Then we must pack our bags, say our goodbyes, and sail on into the sunset.
It has been decided: with all votes cast, the Legation Council will categorically reject the Chinese ultimatum, and see to the defence of the International Mandate by any means necessary. Now, with any luck, we will see a repeat of 1925, when an international coalition came to the defence of the faltering British concessions. Even now, foreign fleets should be mustering to our defence, but until they arrive it will be up to our municipal authorities, volunteer forces, and foreign garrisons, to hold the line. Perhaps the Chinese will never come - it was once said that their armies were meant for little more than show and bluster - but the wars of recent years would suggest that they will come, in number, and with great resolve.
An end of an era.
The line must be drawn here.
The Legation Council: The Votes are In
It has been decided: despite some dissenting votes, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all. Still, there is likely to be no shortage of triumph in [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Plans are likely already being drawn for a pompous march down the Bund, and the raising of a Chinese flag above Shanghai for the first time in a century.\n\nNow there is little to do but order our garrisons to steward the transition, see to our citizens' safety, and then sail home for the last time.
It has been decided: despite our dissenting vote, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. Ostensibly there is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are, apparently, to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their 'holdings' and 'extrapolated profits'. In reality, our citizens are to be stripped of their treaty-given rights and freedoms in China - valiantly fought for and defended by their ancestors across decades past. This absurd display of naivete will end only in chaos and bloodshed. Now we must choose whether to break from the rest of the council and defend the Legation Cities on our own terms, or simply do our best to defend what remains of our citizens' lives and fortunes from this monumental blunder.
It is to be an end to an era.
As we hoped.
This will not stand!
An Uncertain Peace
It has been decided: despite some dissenting votes, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality here in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all. Still, there is likely to be no shortage of triumph in [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nHowever, none can afford to ignore the outstanding votes on the Legation Council. Rumours swirl that one or more of the powers will refuse to acknowledge the result, and already there may be plans drawn for war with China, with our cities caught between. Some of our citizens would no doubt welcome such an outcome, despite the promised destruction. However, such matters are likely beyond our concern, as our Mandate will soon come to an end. There is little left to do but pack our bags, say our goodbyes, and sail on into the sunset...
It has been unanimously decided: the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality here in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all. Still, there is likely to be no shortage of triumph in [china.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. Now there is little left to do but pack our bags, say our goodbyes, and sail on into the sunset.
An end of an era.
An End to the Legation Cities
After what must have been a great deal of debate, the Legation Council cast their votes late last night. The result left a majority in favour of disbanding the International Mandate, a process which will now begin under our just supervision. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of foreign garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated according to their holdings and extrapolated profits, though all claims will need to be thoroughly verified. A triumphant parade will pass down the Bund, followed by the raising of a Chinese flag there for the first time in over a century. Over a hundred years of humiliation are finally at an end. Or are they?\n\nWe cannot afford to ignore that not every power on the Legation Council voted to disband. Even as we celebrate, we must make ready for yet another conflict, uncertain though it may be. There can be no end to our national vigilance, and from now on, those who seek to humiliate China must always pay a heavy price.
After what must have been a great deal of debate, the Legation Council cast their votes late last night. Surprisingly, every member voted to disband the International Mandate, a process which will now begin under our just supervision. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of foreign garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated according to their holdings and extrapolated profits, though all claims will need to be thoroughly verified. A triumphant parade will pass down the Bund, followed by the raising of a Chinese flag there for the first time in over a century. The word is already spreading: over a hundred years of humiliation are finally at an end.
It isn't over yet.
Wansui!
The Legation Council: The Votes are In
It has been decided: despite some dissenting votes, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. There is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their holdings and extrapolated profits. The reality in Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities will likely resemble the agreed terms, but there will be those who refuse to live under Chinese law. The evacuation will likely be less orderly than expected, too, and the promised compensation may take time to materialise, if it ever does at all.\n\nHowever, there is a greater concern lingering above everything like a dark cloud, the council's dissenting votes. Ostensibly the council's decisions are binding, but international relations are never so simple. Rumours swirl that foreign troops will march on Chinese soil once again. Nonetheless, our vote to disband the Legation Cities and end the International Mandate absolves us of all further responsibility. Once the Chinese flag rises above the Bund, its will be our concern no longer.
It has been decided: despite our dissenting vote, the Legation Council will disband itself, and return both its territories and its authority to the Chinese government. Ostensibly there is to be an orderly evacuation of all those who wish to leave, followed by a withdrawal of garrison forces. Business owners are, apparently, to be compensated by the Chinese government according to their 'holdings' and 'extrapolated profits'. In reality, our citizens are to be stripped of their treaty-given rights and freedoms in China - valiantly fought for and defended by their ancestors across decades past. This absurd display of naivete will end only in chaos and bloodshed.\n\nStill, majority is a majority. The most we can do is attempt to safeguard our citizen's lives and remaining fortunes, and ensure as orderly of an evacuation as possible. Then we shall wipe our hands of this doomed affair, and of all unnecessary ties to China.
An end to an era.
Fools.
The Legation Council: An Ultimatum Ignored
Notice has arrived from Shanghai that the Legation Council has voted to ignore our ultimatum, and will not voluntarily surrender the Legation Cities. Although seizing the Legations would be a mere trifle for our armies, we must carefully consider the consequences should the council members choose to become involved. Though our final victory is certain, a prolonged war might interfere with our other goals. Has the time come to give these arrogant foreigners one final warning?
Threaten war.
Back down.
China's Final Warning
In what has been described as a 'Final Warning', China has unambiguously declared its intent to seize the Legation Cities by force. As in the past, Chinese forces could seize Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other concessions with relative ease, with the job of reclaiming them being left to retaliatory fleets and armies dispatched from overseas. Now the unanswered is whether we, and the other treaty powers, will step in to fulfil the cities' defence.\n\nThere is still a chance China will back down in the face of sufficient force, but if they don't we could find ourselves at war.
Abandon the Mandate.
Prepare for war.
War on the Horizon
In what has been described as a 'Final Warning', China has unambiguously declared its intent to seize our Legation Cities by force. Though our protectors on the Legation Council may be able to convince China to back down, we must take all reasonable precautions and prepare for war. Should that happen, we can hope to rely on the foreign garrisons stationed in Shanghai and Tianjin, the volunteer corps, and some spontaneous militia units organised by civilians. With half of the police force being Chinese, questions have already been raised concerning their loyalty, along with the Chinese civilian majorities in every city within the Mandate. Planners have suggested withdrawing all forces and foreign civilians to the old concessions' borders.\n\nWith these measures taken, the most we can do is hope the Chinese back down, or that we can fight long enough to be rescued by our international allies.
We must hope for peace...
The Legation Cities will be Defended
Our final warning has apparently fallen upon deaf ears. At least one member of the Legation Council has vowed to defend the International Mandate, meaning that any move we make to seize the cities could turn into a long and perilous war. Though we could choose to back down, the political consequences would be devastating to our regime. Our best remaining option may be to seize the Legation Cities as quickly as possible, and hope the foreigners tire in their attempts to retake the cities. With enough casualties taken and war material lost, they will surely lose interest in due time.
We cannot fight them.
Time to end this charade.
The Final Act
In the end, it seems that the Legation Council's promises were nothing more than bluster. When the decisive moment came, none stood to defend us. Without any official transition agreement, Chinese troops can be expected to sweep into our cities soon, and attempt to establish their own sense of order. Until then, we will no doubt face panic, looting, and foreigners scrambling to escape on whatever ship is fated to become known as the 'last boat out of Shanghai'. Whether we choose to meet the Chinese occupation forces on the Bund, or make our escape amid the chaos, the story of the International Mandate is about to come to an end.
So it ends.
A Glorious Victory
Foreign imperialism has finally met its match. Despite their threats and imposing armies, the Legation Cities' so-called 'protectors' have been scattered to the wind, and all but abandoned their 'International Mandate' in the process! Now we need only give the order, and our troops will march into Shanghai, Tianjin, and the other cities virtually unopposed. Yes, there will be resistance, but there is now no question as to whether it will be futile. This is a glorious day for China, and a triumphant end to the century of national humiliation!
Give the order!
A Surprising Turn
Against what seemed like impossible odds, China has backed down in the face of a resolute response from our guarantors on the Legation Council. This is the best possible news, and when it breaks, celebrations will no doubt reverberate across the cities for days and nights on end. Of course, the Chinese threat remains very much intact, and physically no further away than it was before, but the political ramifications of such a defeat will have dire consequences for the current Chinese government. Any future officials will have to account for their blunder, and will likely be less inclined to take such wanton risks. We can count on no further threats for at least a few more years to come.
Hip, hip, hooray!
China Backs Down
Against most expectations, China has backed down in the face of the council's resolute response. When the news breaks, celebrations will no doubt reverberate across the Legation Cities for days and nights on end. Of course, the Chinese threat to their independence remains very much intact, and physically no further away than it was before. However, the political ramifications of this defeat will have dire consequences for the current Chinese government. Any future officials will have to account for their blunder, and will likely be less inclined to take such wanton risks. We can count on no further threats to the mandate for at least a few more years to come.
Excellent news.
The Return of the Great Qing
To outside observers, the Xinhai Revolution in 1911 spelled the end of China's centuries-long Manchu-ruled Qing Dynasty. Faced with failure after failure, the Mandate of Heaven, which had ruled the Chinese people for so long, seemed to draw the imperial system to an end finally.\n\nSince the end of the Weltkrieg, the political situation in China has changed dramatically with the Xuantong Restoration. Despite being allied with the Zhili Clique, Chinese royalists have successfully brought the Qing Dynasty to a complete restoration in the past years. Now from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], Emperor [ROOT.GetLeader] has officially proclaimed that with China's recent unification, the Great Qing will seek to reassert China's cultural and political superiority in East Asia.
What a turn of events!
Victory of the Zhili Clique
Despite having their rule and control of China adequately challenged in the Northern Expedition, the subsequent Xuantong Restoration restored the Qing Dynasty and saw control of the North solidified by Wu Peifu, Cao Kun and the Zhili Clique.\n\nDespite the past years' unrest with the economic collapse of Black Monday and the League War, nonetheless, the Zhili have held on through the storm. While other warlords attempted to split from Zhili control, the Zhili nevertheless have defeated all competing governments, thus unifying China once more. In a glorious speech at [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], Cao Kun has declared that Zhili will seek to modernise China and assert her influence in the world once more.
The North reigns supreme once more.
The Zhili Unify the Chinese Republic
Despite the success of the Xinhai Revolution, the dream of a Republican China seemed to disintegrate with the Xuantong Restoration. Nonetheless, following a failed coup by the Manchu loyalists during the League Collapse, the Zhili leadership declared the return of the Beiyang Republic.\n\nWith the re-adoption of a Republican Constitution and the recent election of President [ROOT.GetLeader], the Zhili-led Republic seeks to continue on the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution. Only time will tell whether or not the Zhili will successfully continue their transition from a warlordist clique to a formal Republic - but their unification of the country shows they are perhaps the most capable of doing so.
A New Era for the Zhili Clique.
Victory of the Fengtian Government
While nearly defeated in the Third and Fourth Zhi-Feng Wars, the Fengtian Clique's holdout in Manchuria for more than a decade has proven successful. With their recent victory in the Fifth Zhi-Feng War and subsequent Second Sino-Japanese War, Marshal [ROOT.GetLeader] has officially declared the proclamation of a unified Republic of China.\n\nDespite their successes on the battlefield, the subsequent battles that the Fengtian Government must deal with cannot be met by bayonet alone. To many, Marshal [ROOT.GetLeader] is still a warlord, and only time will tell whether or not the Fengtian Government is worthy of being the successor of the Xinhai Revolution.
[FNG.GetLeader] has done it at last.
The Reformed Republic of China is Proclaimed
Startling news from China today as the Japanese-installed puppet regime has officially proclaimed itself the 'Reformed Republic of China.' Representatives from [JAP.GetNameDef] and Chinese loyalists to the new regime attended a speech by President [ROOT.GetLeader], in which he applauded the unification of China and China's relationship with Japan.\n\nAs part of [JAP.GetNameDef]'s plans for a Pan-Asian Sphere of anti-imperialism, the Reformed Republic of China is a bold experiment to turn China into a fellow ally in Japan's so-called quest to liberate Asia from imperialism. While the new Chinese government's leadership comprises of Chinese officials, there is no doubt that the government answers only to Tokyo.
The Rising Sun rises over China...
Yan Xishan Declares the Unification of China
For years, Governor [ROOT.GetLeader] has ruled the isolated and poor province of Shanxi as its warlord - while maintaining a stance of neutrality in the Chinese political arena. Recent developments in China have seen the Shanxi Clique escape its neutrality and emerge to defeat rival government claimants successfully.\n\nNow as the first President of the revived Republic of China, [ROOT.GetLeader] hopes to eventually incorporate his unique ideology domestically into the new Chinese Republic - hoping to bring order to the chaotic Chinese nation. The new President has declared his desire to maintain peace, stability, and neutrality in Asia while also asserting China's strength and sovereignty to the world once more.
President Yan is indeed the man of the hour.
The Guominjun Unification
After defeat by both the Fengtian and Zhili Cliques, the shattered revolutionary Guominjun retreated to Shanxi province in the late 1920s. There they bid their time, and after a power struggle with the province's governor Yan Xishan, they emerged from the province to successfully unify the Chinese nation under [ROOT.GetLeader]'s ecstatic revolutionary ideology.\n\nNow as the first President in the revived Republic of China, President [ROOT.GetLeader] has declared that the new Republic will serve as the forefront of a new revolution in China. Led by the former Guominjun, the new Chinese government has announced that it will be the vanguard of a new revolution of anti-imperialist liberation, no doubt shaking the old order of Asia drastically.
The Guominjun Revolution has arrived in China.
China under the Yiguandao
A dramatic development has occurred in China with the proclamation of national reunification under the religious leader [ROOT.GetLeader] and his Yiguandao sect of millenarian populists. After defeating all competing governments on the battlefield, the new supreme leader of China has dedicated his unification in his speech to the 'Eternal Venerable Mother' to a massive crowd in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nThe new regime has declared China's isolation from world affairs, and many (both foreigners and Chinese) are expected to leave the country soon in fear. The near-future of the Chinese nation looks bleak as the cult begins its process of converting the Chinese peoples to its esoteric ideology.
A new age for China dawns.
Proclamation of [FROM.GetNameDef]
With large swathes of China now under the National Revolutionary Army's control, Chairman [ROOT.GetLeader] has officially proclaimed the formation of a second National Republic of China. His proclamation, made just inside the Nanjing Presidential Palace's Main Hall, is rife with symbolism - it was where Dr. Sun Yat-sen was declared provisional president of the first Chinese Republic in 1912.\n\nThough the Nationalists have long held a foothold in the region, they were dismissed as a fleeting insurgency. Their final triumph over rival contenders has secured begrudging international recognition as the left wing of the Kuomintang aims to establish a single-party socialist state that will eliminate the chaos and allow for a just and democratic civil society to safely form under their tutelage.
With large swathes of China now under the Red Army's control, socialist rule over China seems inevitable. Largely propped up by foreign socialist powers, [FROM.GetLeader]'s government was initially dismissed as being untenable, beset by continued divisions within the small Chinese syndicalist movement.\n\nDespite these challenges, they have successfully united most of the nation under their banner, securing the begrudging recognition of world powers. Build on the smouldering ruins of the old Kuomintang socialist revolution, this Syndicalist government aims to build a new order in China in the ashes of the old one, moving beyond the ravages of the warlord era.
Dr. Sun's dream for a Revolutionary China carries on!
The Chinese Revolution has arrived.
We must stop the Kuomintang threat!
Proclamation of the Republic of China
News from China has been chaotic recently, as rapid warfare for control over China seems to be coming to a close. The right wing of the Kuomintang under [FROM.GetLeader] has achieved supremacy throughout China, and has declared the unification of the Republic of China under the flag of the Blue Sky, White Sun and Wholly Red Earth.\n\nFollowing in the ideals of Dr. Sun Yat-sen, Generalissimo [FROM.GetLeader] has promised the Chinese people and the world that this is a new era for China, promising to reverse the humiliation of European powers and the guiding of the nation to greatness. Only time shall tell what the Kuomintang shall achieve.
The Kuomintang has done it at last.
Proclamation of the United Provinces of China
With China largely under the control of [FROM.GetLeader]'s National Defence Army, a new Republic has been proclaimed in Beijing as Federalist troops parade through Tiananmen Square. The United Provinces of China, as often called in the West, has completely replaced the previous internationally-recognised Chinese government and with their power secured, it is only a matter of time before the international community recognises it.\n\nThe Federalist Government intends to organise a \
Long live Chen and the Republic!
Will they truly bring democracy in China?
The Zhili Unify China Against the Odds
Since the Northern Expedition, there has been no greater crisis for the Zhili Clique than the successful coup of Manchu loyalists - that saw the deaths of Cao Kun and Wu Peifu. Driven out of Zhili Province in the coup's aftermath, the remnants of the Zhili Clique fled for their aligned province of Sichuan - where they declared a rival government to the Manchu Government.\n\nEmerging out of the famine-stricken province, the Zhili defeated all competing national governments and returned home to their native province by victory of arms. With the Manchu threat finally defeated, [ROOT.GetLeader] has declared that under the Zhili Clique, the Republic of China is hereafter to be revived. Only time will tell whether the Zhili will succeed in their new battle to win the hearts of the masses.
The Zhili have shown that they cannot be defeated.
General Liu Xiang declares National Reunification
The poor western province of Sichuan is known for its competing warlord factions and cliques, tearing the province apart in a civil war before a deadly famine consumed it. In this chaotic period of Sichuanese politics, General Liu Xiang of the Industrial Corps managed to outmanoeuvre his opponents and unify his province under his leadership.\n\nDenouncing the leadership of the Central Government, the General took the province of Sichuan on a path of war, with his provincial army waging war and defeating rival competing governments. With his recent victories and crushing of dissenters, he has declared himself the President of a revived Republic of China. Only time will tell whether or not the General's regime and legacy will be lasting.
The Sichuan Clique has answered the call to unification!
[FROM.GetOldName] complete Chinese Unification
In the era of constant warfare and strife in the ever-changing political landscape, it is not surprising to see smaller cliques and provinces move beyond their borders to seek power and glory. Surprising many, [FROM.GetOldNameDef] has emerged out of their province to defeat rival competing governments and has proclaimed the Republic of China from their capital of [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName].\n\nThe country of China long divided, has finally been reunified once more under the leadership of [FROM.GetLeader]. Only time will tell whether or not China will catch up to the rest of the world, but for now, the Chinese people can finally rest, knowing that the chaotic Warlord Period has come to an end.
The Chinese people have stood up at last!
Unification by the League Marshal
Who would've thought that the kleptocratic miasma of the League of Eight Provinces would weather the storm? With the League Collapse in 1936 having undeniably torn down its rotten structure in one fell swoop, few believed it would ever again reach the zenith of its power that it had in 1929. And yet here it has far surpassed that of the old League, trumping expectations.\n\nIt would not be Sun Chuanfang that would unite the nation under the Southern Zhili Clique, but that of Qi Xieyuan. A detested subordinate of the Smiling Tiger, he controversially took the reigns following the former's incapacitation. Pursuing an open-door policy, it would appear that the Germans have earned an erstwhile ally in the East. Although many fear another League Collapse in the future.
A bastard's reign, exported nationally.
Victory of the Zhili Clique
Despite having their rule and control of China adequately challenged in the Northern Expedition, the subsequent Xuantong Restoration restored the Qing Dynasty and saw control of the North solidified by Wu Peifu, Cao Kun and the Zhili Clique.\n\nDespite the past years' unrest with the economic collapse of Black Monday and the League War, nonetheless, the Zhili have held on through the storm. While other warlords attempted to split from Zhili control, they nevertheless have defeated all competing governments, and unified the country once more. In a glorious speech at [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], Wu Peifu has declared that Zhili will seek to modernise China and assert her influence in the world, free from foreign domination.
Wu Peifu has outdone himself!
Chairman Wang Holds On
Despite leading the Kuomintang from exile and near destruction to resounding national successes with the completion of the Second Northern Expedition, Chairman [CHI.GetLeader]'s rule seemed to fall apart with the growing factional opposition from the Kuomintang's Provisional Action Committee. Despite attacks on all sides however, it appears that the Chairman has indeed solidified his control and rule of the Party, effectively crushing the opposition.\n\nNow, for the first time in decades, peace has finally returned to China and Chairman Wang will seek to modernise and revive the Chinese country in order to fulfil the principles outlined by his mentor, the late Dr. Sun Yat-sen, for years to come.
Wang Jingwei is truly the heir to Dr. Sun's Revolution.
Song's PAC Secures Leadership of the KMT
While the Kuomintang was nominally led by Wang Jingwei during the party's exile period following the Northern Expedition, those who remained in China organised themselves as the autonomous MinGan Insurgency government. This was the foundation on which the Provisional Action Committee (PAC) of the Kuomintang was formed, and in their 1932 Declaration to the Revolutionary People in China and the World, they announced a populist, socialist platform seemingly closer to the people.\n\nYears later, Chairwoman [CHI.GetLeader] has declared the transition of the PAC into a new Revolutionary Committee to lead the common masses towards the eradication of class and towards a new revolutionary future for the peasants and workers of China.
The people have stood up!
The Reorganisation Faction Takes Over the KMT
While the Kuomintang succeeded in unifying the country under their party flag, the Party descended into civil war following the assassination and death of its former Chairman, Wang Jingwei. The party then splintered into multiple factions as the country once again collapsed into another great civil war.\n\nIt would appear that from his government in Beiping, Chairman Zeng Zhongming and Premier Chen Gongbo, along with the Reorganisation Comrades Association, have proclaimed victory against all the other factions. Now that the Reorganisation Faction maintains total control of both the country and the Party, foreign observers believe that China will head towards an authoritarian socialist future, one driven by some of China's most radical socialists.
A New China has arisen...
The China Revival Society Declare Victory
While the Kuomintang succeeded in unifying the country under their party flag, the Party descended into civil war following the assassination and death of its former Chairman, Wang Jingwei. As squabbling factional forces began to fight one another, the radical China Revival Society managed to seize power and secure the country in a state of an emergency.\n\nIn a grand speech from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], Generalissmo Hu Zongnan has declared that all enemies of China, both foreign and domestic, shall be crushed under a new direction of the national revolution. The CRS' talk of a totalitarian revolution inspired by the likes of Savinkov, Mussolini, and Mosley shall surely dim a light on any chances of democracy in China.
Darkness has befallen the National Revolution.
Premier Hu Hanmin Weathers the Storm
Having led his own exile Kuomintang Central Executive Committee in Moscow, the chances of [GXC.GetLeader] returning to Chinese soil were slim. However the White Sun in the sky shined brightly on Dr. Sun's most studious disciple, for the previously exiled revolutionary lead the party to magnificent successes in the Second Northern Expedition, and weathered the perfidious New Guangxi Clique's attempts to eject him from national leadership, securing his Elders Clique's dominance within the party.\n\nNow, with his concrete agenda of six years of Tutelage, the Premier and his \
Orthodoxy has triumphed!
The New Guangdong Revolutionary Diarchy
Whilst Premier [GXC.GetLeader] seemed resolute and secure in his position as steward of the National Revolution, it would appear he was not as infallible as outside observers would have staked. Having been briefly ousted by Li Zongren's New Guangxi Clique in a brazen power grab, Dr. Sun's disciple was returned to national leadership following the efforts of his resolute backer, Guangdong Governor Chen Jitang.\n\nWith a new uneasy Revolutionary Diarchy instated between the principled Premier and the despotic Warlord, all opposition to the enemies of the New Guangdong Clique will no doubt be vanquished, with the National Revolution taking a thoroughly more authoritarian turn as the once roaring revolutionary movement turns to embers.
The National Revolution stumbles.
The New Guangxi Clique Revives China
The province of Guangxi has long been dismissed by Chinese and outside correspondents as an impoverished, bandit-stricken backwater even by the standards of warlord-era China. So it came to a great surprise to many that the ultimate winner in China's wars of unification was no other than General Li Zongren, who defeated rivals within and outside of the Kuomintang to claw his way to power.\n\nThe general sits at the helm of a heavily militarised province his followers proudly call the \
Reconstruct Guangxi, Revive China indeed.
Resurgence of the Western Hills Clique
A little known faction within the Right wing of the Kuomintang, little would've expected the veteran \
The veterans return to prominence.
The Reconstruction Faction Frees China
The late Dr. Sun Yat-sen left a chequered legacy, a notable republican leader during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution and founder of the large but controversial Kuomintang who died of liver cancer in 1925 amid failed unification talks between his Southern government in Guangzhou and Northern figures in Beijing. Sometimes referred to as the Father of the Republic, he left behind one son, Sun Fo, who was initially squeezed out of power from his father's own party.\n\nShifting fortunes saw the younger Sun return to influence with the aid of a coalition of overseas and western-educated technocrats, who aided him in winning a major internal election running on a liberal platform. As the newly inaugurated President he seeks to complete his father's legacy.
Like father, like son I suppose.
The Fourth Army Putsch in China
Commonly viewed with scorn and suspicion within the Kuomintang, Chen Mingshu has shocked the entire Chinese nation and foreign observers by emerging victorious by ousting the former socialist government based in Nanjing. Chen Mingshu and his clique of subordinates from the 4th Army of the NRA continue to claim descent from the Kuomintang, pledging to form a revolutionary government of the producing people and achieve common prosperity for all its citizens. Although considered to be originally aligned with the left wing of the Kuomintang, many wonder if the PPP will follow Wang and Song's legacy or trek their own path. Only Chen Mingshu will know what the future entails.
The Kuomintang evolves.
Chinese Agrarians Topple the KMT
In a shocking display of events, the primarily rural based movement of the Chinese Agrarians have toppled the Kuomintang government in Nanjing, and have now declared a new revolutionary government - dedicated to the eradication of feudal elements within Chinese society. As thousands in China, especially landlords and the wealthy are expected to flee the country; only one will tell what is to come with the ascent of China's new revolutionary leader: Peng Pai; many of whom regard as a near-deity in the struggle for equality for China's masses.
The People's Revolution has come at last.
The New Chinese Revolution
Few would have believed the Kuomintang Revolution to have not only returned but triumphed in China; even fewer still would have believed it would have culminated in the sanctioned destruction of its own Central Committee. From the ashes, a new revolution has been reborn; all under that of China's most recent audacious national revolutionary leader: Chairman Tan Pingshan.\n\nA founding member of the Provisional Action Committee, and an early member of the Chinese Syndicalist Party, Tan's own homegrown brand of socialism has found itself upon the precipice of its greatest hurdle yet: \
Where will the revolution proceed?
The Whampoa Clique Returns
With Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek's death in the twilight of the Northern Expedition many believed that his \
All eyes are on the Generalissmo.
Rise of the Civil Engineering Clique
Many figures in recent Chinese history have attempted emulate the potential of the late Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek. With his sect of the National Revolutionary Army alive and well, it would appear that their role in the unification of the nation under the Kuomintang was not over yet. Stewarded by Generalissimo He Yingqin, it would appear that his increasing reliance on the \
Amongst the eclectic halls of the Kuomintang's ever spiralling political situation, few would have believed that the Central Committee would see itself upended. Fewer still believed it would be done by a practical outsider of its own affairs. The most premier protégé of the Red Napoleon Deng Yanda, the \
Whampoa's velvet glove.
The Blueshirt Revolution
An often overlooked and dismissible sect of the National Revolutionary Army's Whampoa Clique, it would appear that such misgivings were in poor judgement of the capabilities of the Blue Shirt Society. Secretive, radical and dangerous, the Blue Shirt Society grew wildly popular in response to the failings of the Kuomintang in the 20th Century. Staffed by Teng Jie and Liu Jianqun, their close relationship with Generalissimo He was ultimately the ushering of his undoing.\n\nNow at the head of the Chinese National Revolution, reports have already emerged that a mass purge of the \
The White Sun snuffed out.
Zhejiang Revolutionaries Prevail
A most curious oddity to have emerged from the Kuomintang's National Revolution and Three People's Principles ideology would be that of one Dai Jitao. An eclectic and esoteric writer, he is considered by many to be China's very own \
Salvation through Spiritual Regeneration.
The Chinese Meiji Restoration
In a devastating surprise to many, especially those within the Kuomintang interior, a minor much derided outcast faction of the Party has managed to secure victory from the clutches of the establishment! Zhang Qun, successfully rallying his wing of the New Right known as the Political Science Clique, has managed to unite the nation on behalf of the Kuomintang. Espousing \
A nation built upon the handshake.
Rule of the Revolution's Most Loyal Soldier
Surprising news has emerged from China as of recent following the unification of the nation. Whilst many would not have believed the Kuomintang to have even united the nation in the first place, fewer believed that General Zhu Peide would've been the one to fulfil that promise. A revolutionary soldier through and through, Zhu's storied career has seen many highs and lows. Rallying his mixture of Old Right patrons, New Right subordinates and Leftists, President Zhu and Premier Li Genyuan have an arduous time ahead of themselves.\n\nInternal insiders even report that the ambitious and senior Premier has begun to scheme and plot against the President, rallying the Political Science Clique to bring forward the legacy of Beiyang.
Not a hero, just an ordinary soldier.
A Yunnan Thermidor?
With the Left Wing of the Kuomintang by far dominated with the machinations of Wang Jingwei, Song Qingling and Deng Yanda, many of the periphery socialist cadres had very little space to manoeuvre within the political battlefield. Forced into the Revolutionary Comrades Association, the Chinese Syndicalist Party or the Provisional Action Committee, many grew resentful of the Central Committee.\n\nHowever it would appear that Marshal Zhu De has set out to prove the Party wrong! Collaborating with the likes of Zhang Bojun, the Chinese revolution has become one no longer dominated by careerists and bureaucrats, but built upon democratic and socialist principles, whatever form they may take.
A nation of peasants and workers!
Guangdong's Federalists Unite China
Cast away into the dustbin of history, few would have believed that the Southwest Federalist movement would have united the Chinese nation after their predicament in the 1920s. And yet, against all convention, the Federalists under Chen Jiongming have managed to succeed in their goal. The ultimate culmination of the 1920s Federalist intellectual zeitgeist, it was not negotiation, but subjugation that dealt the final blow.\n\nMandating the institution of provincial constitutions, the demobilisation of vast swathes of military forces, and with the hope of the revitalisation of the Chinese democratic experiment, many eyes look towards President [UPC.GetLeader] to fulfil this historic mission.
Congratulations to the President!
Chen Jiongming Unites China
Cast away into the dustbin of history, few would have believed that the Southwest Federalist movement would have united the Chinese nation after their predicament in the 1920s. And yet, against all convention, the Federalists under Chen Jiongming have managed to succeed in their goal. The ultimate culmination of the 1920s Federalist intellectual zeitgeist, it was not negotiation, but subjugation that dealt the final blow.\n\nAlbeit tensions have begun to rise within the young government. The people have grown a sense of political malaise, the opposition has begun their campaign to demand democratisation, and the army grows increasingly mutinous at the sign of dissent. Evidently, Chen must work swiftly to salvage the movement.
All eyes are on Chen.
Yunnan Federalists Unite China
Decades ago, Yunnan was the epicentre of the National Protection War and took on the tyrannical ambitions of Yuan Shikai and his corrupt Beiyang Government. Though defeated and forced into isolation by ensuing political events, Yunnan's Republicans have turned the tables and at last united China under a Federalist system.\n\nThe coming days are expected to be a challenging one for [YUN.GetLeader] and his allies, as they seek to implement federal democracy in China. Questions swirl about the provisions of the new constitution and whether or not the new government will respect it. But for now, China is united and the nation celebrates the end of fighting.
From Kunming to Beijing...
Guangxi Warlords Unite China
Having long been considered second-fiddle to that of its sister province of Guangdong, and with seeming intent to remain within their regional pocket of the Southwest, few would have believed that the unifiers of China would be that of the Old Guangxi Clique. Once led by the infamous Viceroy of Liangguang, Lu Rongting, the clique has managed to advance beyond their home provinces, striking deep into the heart of the North.\n\nWith government debates endlessly pontificating in regards to constitutionalism, modernisation, and the future of China, many believe that the Guangxi warlord coterie has but one last showdown left in the cards, to be resolved by peace, or by force.
Their foundations have begun to crumble.
Pro-German Guangxi Warlords Unite China
Having long been considered second-fiddle to that of its sister province of Guangdong, and with seeming intent to remain within their regional pocket of the Southwest, few would have believed that the unifiers of China would be that of the Old Guangxi Clique. Once led by Lu Rongting, the clique has managed to advance beyond their home provinces, striking deep into the heart of the North.\n\nSuccessfully couping Lu's handpicked successor, Shen Hongying has finally achieved ascension to the nation's greatest heights; albeit, aged and decrepit, many believe that Marshal Shen's time is limited, and that his allies are in preparation to seize the high office themselves.
Marshal Shen's ailing health does not spark confidence...
Cantonese Merchants Unite China
Out of all things to have emerged from the Canton Merchant Corps Uprising of 1924, few would have expected that one of its greatest beneficiaries would be that of its biggest loser, Chen Lianbo. Once the mere head of the Canton Merchant Corps, alongside being one of the richest men in the nation, Chen skyrocketed to Mayor of Guangzhou in 1927, and then ascended to even greater heights: unifier of the nation.\n\nHowever, Chen's ever lofty ambitions for a merchant-dominated Chinese Republic is not entirely uncontested. Even now, various forces heralding a return to true democracy have risen in opposition to the Merchant Plutocrats, led largely by the Political Science Clique.
And he thinks himself akin to \
Yunnan Warlords Unite China
Once again making a grand play for power, few expected Yunnan's most recent attempt at unification to bring about clear results, as previous attempts have often stopped short of even reaching Guangdong, the regional Southern capital. And yet, to everyone's surprise, the Yunnan Warlords surpassed even Beijing.\n\nSaddled with a wounded nation deprived of many resources, President-Marshal [YUN.GetLeader] has rebounded on his notions of provincial isolation, deflecting his superiors and uniting the nation by his own hand. And now, the arduous task of reconstruction resides with the new President and his clique.
They did what Cai E and Tang Jiyao could not...
Sichuan Democrats Unite China
While many believed that the Federalist Movement had all but disintegrated by the end of 1936, it seems that such judgement was sorely premature. From the southwestern province of Sichuan, President Zhang Lan and his allies have been able to not only retake Yunnan and Guangdong, but achieve hegemony across the Central Plains and the Northeast.\n\nAddressing a large crowd in Tiananmen Square, Zhang Lan has declared that the new Federal Republic shall bring an end to the Century of Humiliation and establish democratic rule across the Middle Kingdom. Although devastated from its war of resistance against the Japanese and decades of disunity, it seems that China's prospects are finally looking up.
The Federalist have done it.
China Seeks to Join the Internationale
Our relationship with the Chinese Kuomintang goes back to the 1924 Reorganisation of their party when we approached the late Dr. Sun Yat-sen to work with the KMT, as we see the Kuomintang movement as the only one in which a socialist China can emerge. We helped train their revolutionary army at Whampoa and most of all, we took in the Kuomintang exiles such as Wang Jingwei following the collapse of the First Northern Expedition.\n\nNow many years later, our investment in the Kuomintang has bore fruit as the Kuomintang has succeeded in unifying China under the socialist creed and has now approached us to join the Internationale. Citing their commitment to help others secure liberation in the world revolution as well as their desire to help us oversee the destruction of the German world order, they have asked to formally be invited to the Third Internationale. While we are more than happy to accept cooperation with our Chinese comrades, a minority within our  government who are suspicious of the Kuomintang's \
Together we shall free the world!
They are far too unorthodox for our taste.
China Joins the Internationale!
Our application to join the Internationale has proven to be a success! For years, we have owed much to the Third Internationale for their support, recognition, and aid in helping organise and funding the Kuomintang so that we may liberate China from the warlords and imperialists that oppressed our dear country. With our revolution finally successful, it is due time that we repay years of support to the Internationale and aid in the world revolution against the capitalist and imperialist world order of [GER.GetNameDef]. Together, the Internationale shall unite the human race and we will strive forward for mankind's socialist progress forevermore!
Together we complete the world revolution!
Our Application Denied.
Despite our desire to cooperate with the Third Internationale, unfortunately - they have denied our application to join their global revolution. Citing our ideological differences from orthodox syndicalism amongst other differences, the Internationale has formally rejected our application to join them. While this is certainly frustrating given our once close relationship with the Third Internationale, it proves to many of us that no matter what ideology - the West merely seeks to work with China for its own benefit and does not really seek to establish an equal relationship. Whether capitalist or socialist, it is quite clear to us that the West is still guided by the mindset of imperialism.
Imperialists can never change their stripes.
China Seeks to Join the Reichspakt
Ever since we intervened in favour of the Beijing Government during the KMT's doomed Northern Expedition, we have held close ties with China both diplomatically and economically. Although at times fragile, especially during the anti-concessionist rebellion that nearly destroyed the our ally's rule over China, they have, thanks to our help, overcome this struggle and united China for good.\n\nNow, seeking deeper co-operation, the Chinese ambassador has requested for China to formally join our military alliance. While it could prove beneficial for both parties, we are aware how such closer ties could jeopardise the security of our investments as China would be pulled into any war Germany is in. However, at the same time it could give us the opportunity to better defend our interest in the event of a outside attack against China.
A military alliance will secure our investments.
We cannot ruin our investments by allying them.
China Joins the Reichspakt!
Today, the [ROOT.getAdjective] ambassador in Berlin has wired the German response regarding [ROOT.getNameDef]'s bid to join the Reichspakt. The many years of military co-operation and economic concessions with the Germans have bore fruit - China is finally formally accepted into a military alliance with Germany.\n\nFor the government in [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] today marks a turning point in history. The military alliance is a major step towards the Western powers accepting China as an equal partner and thus a major step towards ending the Century of Humiliation.
German and Chinese soldiers march side by side.
Our Application Denied.
Despite having compromised and conceded to the Germans for years, the government in Berlin has today denied the [ROOT.GetAdjective] request to join the Reichspakt. They cite concerns regarding the safety of German investments and preference of an ambiguous security relationship.\n\nIn response, our government has condemned Germany for its imperialist attitude towards China saying that it was a huge blow to the Chinese people and government. Still, in a separate statement they affirmed to continue strong ties to Germany despite the recent events.
After all these years they still treat us like chess pieces!
China Seeks to Join the Moscow Accord
The recent decades saw China plunged into endless civil war, with the lion's share going to the Qing Government in Beijing and the Japanese backed Fengtian Clique holding out in their fortress of Manchuria. During this time, our influence was relegated to purely the outskirts of China, with only some amenable forces in Mongolia and Xinjiang willing to combat German and Japanese imperial domination in the region. Thankfully, when Qing hegemony collapsed, a friendly government was able to establish complete control over China. With their internal situation stabilised, the new Chinese government hopes to secure itself from a resurgent Japan or renewed German aggression via formally joining our military alliance. While this would be a mutually beneficial arrangement, there are some who view a Sino-Russian alliance as contradictory to our far eastern interests, and the Chinese may prove to be something of a burden.
Russia and China, good friends!
The fate of Eurasia belongs to Russia and Russia alone.
China Joins the Moscow Accord!
The Russians have responded to our ambassador in Moscow, welcoming us formally into the Moscow Accord. This is a great triumph for the Chinese nation, for one of the world's great powers has recognised us on equal grounds, and perhaps the Century of Humiliation is finally behind us. Of course, there remain other powers who would not hesitate to return us to the crippled state we were in just a few years ago, and we must continue marching forward and take our rightful place as the great power of East Asia, and deny continued German and Japanese aggression against us and the rest of Asia.
Russia and China united against imperialism!
Our Application Denied
The Russians have responded to our ambassador in Moscow, turning our formal application down on the grounds of conflicting interests. While the Russians denied our application, they still affirmed the continuation of good relations between our two nations. Regardless, this is a great blow to our aspirations to negotiate with the great powers of the world on equal footing. However, we must continue striving for an equal relationship with the other great powers regardless, for it is our destiny to become the great power of East Asia, with or without their acknowledgement.
After all these years, they still treat us like chess pieces!
China Seeks to Join the Co-Prosperity Sphere
During the Warlord Era of China, we backed the Fengtian Clique as the rightful government of the entirety of China. Our government even directly intervened in the Chinese Civil War to assist our friends on the mainland. However, the war situation did not develop to Japan's advantage, and we were pushed out of China, for good we thought. However, this time of peace with the Chinese government has also developed a unique situation for reconciliation.\n\nBefore regrettable circumstances caused the Sino Japanese War, many in both China and Japan pushed for our two nations to be united in the cause of pan asianism, where we would work together to push out the European Imperialists and free our oppressed Asian brothers. Political thinkers like Ikki Kita welcomed the Chinese revolution of 1912, and many of China's senior military officers received their education here in Japan.\n\nThe government of China has seen the wisdom of such an initiative, and today the Chinese ambassador has wired our government for a formal application into the Co-Prosperity Sphere. It is clear from their tone however, that they expect to be treated as an equal partner, and Japan is not to be the big brother of this relationship, as was the case between us and Shenyang in the 30s. Such an assertion would have been laughable in the past, but China emerges as a new united power that we ought not take lightly.
Asia for the Asians!
The Chinese are not our equals and never will be!
China Joins the Co-Prosperity Sphere
The Japanese have contacted our ambassador, formally welcoming us into the Co-Prosperity Sphere. Many would find our alliance with the Japanese unthinkable, for it was only a short time ago that they were the primary imperialist power attempting to prevent our rise. They forget however, the long history of ties between China and Japan. President Duan Qirui and his Anhui Clique had a fruitful relationship with Tokyo that didn't extend to the lapdog levels of the Shenyang-Tokyo relationship of the 30s, and we will make sure that our new relationship with Tokyo will not be as it was in the earlier 20th century. Instead, our two nations shall pursue an equal relationship based on mutual gain and cooperation. Together, we shall expel European Imperialists once and for all! Asia for the Asians!
Japan and China united against imperialism!
Our Application Denied
The Japanese have contacted our ambassador, declining our application into the Co-Prosperity Sphere on the grounds of conflicting interests. Tokyo stressed that they still do wish to pursue good relations with us, and that Pan-Asian liberation is a laudable goal. Our government has denounced Tokyo for clearly holding grudges against China for losing the Sino Japanese War and for putting Pan-Asian liberation second in priority to their pettiness. It's clear from this interaction that Japan is still interested in supremacy over Asia, and they still cling desperately to this delusional line of thought. In the end, it is their weakness on full display and China moves on from this incident all the stronger for it.
We should have known better than to trust the Japanese.
China seeks to join the Entente
The British and French were essential to opening up China to foreign commerce after years of decline and isolation, though the process was not pretty: the Opium, Arrow and Boxer Wars were all violent conflicts between European states and the ailing Chinese government. Due the old Canton trade system, Franco-British influence was heavily concentrated in the south, particularly around Hong Kong though at the height of their power the old Entente was able to exercise influence in the Beiyang Government in the north and also through the major entrepôt of Shanghai.\n\nRevolutions in the 1920 forced us to take a back seat however in favour of the Germans, Japanese, and Americans. Meanwhile Chinese unification brought the crushing end of our remaining direct influence in the region. But thankfully the new Chinese government (many drawn from the old Cantonese middle-men) has proven willing to negotiate with us amid this great conflict both of us find ourselves in, helping us restore positive relations though they insist this time it must be on equal terms.
Trade will flow once again in the East!
The Chinese will pay for reneging on their promises!
China joins the Entente
China's relationship with the Entente has been rocky - the British and French were seen by the general public as the ultimate imperialists and the Opium Wars the start of a century of violent decline. But trade has a way of binding people together, and especially in Guangdong a new class of wealthy merchant middle-men found not only great riches but also political power in the post Xinhai political situation and they were the ones who ultimately united China. Having recovered the worst territorial losses, the door to a new chapter in our relations opened just slightly.\n\nPractical concerns over our mutual wars with great powers has forced both sides to take this chance, and thus we have been informed today that China will be admitted into the Entente Cordial. Insisting that we be treated as equals this time, we hope for lasting friendship even if it does mean risking allowing European influence to return. It is hoped that in aligning with the Great Powers of old, we will be able to create a new era with the Entente at its centre!
We re-enter the ranks of the Great Powers!
Our Application Denied
The Entente representatives have contacted our ambassador, declining our application into the [FROM.GetFactionName] on the grounds of conflicting interests. They stressed that they still do wish to pursue good relations with us, and ensure mutual prosperity through trade. But it is clear they do not see us as equals, but instead just another country to be bullied and dominated like they have done for a century. Once our mutual wars end, they will likely go back to trying to exploit us for our riches. However, we must continue striving for an equal relationship with the other great powers regardless, for it is our destiny to become the great power of East Asia, with or without their acknowledgement.
After all these years they still treat us like chess pieces!
China seeks to join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
American influence in China began shortly after our nation's founding, with consuls deployed to Guangzhou as early as 1784. Formal bilateral relations began with the 1844 Treaty of Wangxia and trade between the two nations bloomed. That is not to say relations have always been positive - the United States pressed for favourable trade terms and extraterritoriality following Chinese weakness in the Opium War. American support for the Open Door Policy, which ultimately evolved into the creation of the Legation Cities in the 1920s further soured ties.\n\nHowever, American willingness to counter-balance European and Japanese spheres of influence have always made us a useful partner, and in turn a strong, allied China with a large land army to complement (and unable to challenge) our naval dominance is seen as essential to creating stable security infrastructure in the Pacific. Many Chinese intellectuals have studied in the US thanks to the Boxer Indemnity, giving us an outsized influence in their new government. As we are currently allied in a major war, it is only natural we deepen our relationship for the long-term in the name of democracy!
The Dragon and the Eagle bring peace to the Pacific!
In the long term, the Chinese are a threat to our interests!
China joins the [FROM.GetFactionName]
Sino-American relations have not always been positive - with the Americans taking advantage of Chinese weakness during the Century of Humiliation to demand extortionate trade terms, extraterritoriality, and pushing for the Open Door Policy - which ultimately evolved into the creation of the Legation Cities. But it did have its positive aspects too, our ties began almost immediately after America's founding when a Consul was deployed to Guangzhou, mutual trade has brought prosperity, the Boxer Indemnity allowed for many of our scholars to study in the United States, and the Americans are a valuable check to European and Japanese influence in the region.\n\nIn the interest of preserving peace in the Pacific, it is only natural that we ally in the name of democracy. With our army and the American fleet, we will win this war and together police the Pacific as allies.
The Dragon and the Eagle together for victory!
Our Application Denied
The American have contacted our ambassador, declining our application into the [FROM.GetFactionName] on the grounds of conflicting interests. Washington stressed that they still do wish to pursue good relations with us, and ensure mutual prosperity through trade. But it is clear they do not see us as equals, but instead just another country to be bullied and dominated like they have done for a century. Once our mutual wars end, they will likely go back to trying to exploit us for our riches. However, we must continue striving for an equal relationship with the other great powers regardless, for it is our destiny to become the great power of East Asia, with or without their acknowledgement.
After all these years they still treat us like chess pieces!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Seeks to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
With the unification of China and our professed mission to liberate Asia and the Pacific from imperialism, we have quickly become an inspiration for all those hoping to throw off the yoke of foreign colonialism. Many now proudly pattern their guerrillas after MinGan and drill their soldiers with the Whampoa Spirit, and of course readily seek us out for aid and support. It is therefore no surprise that those who have overthrown their old masters have now sought to align with us, hoping to protect themselves from further attack and perhaps aid in the liberation of Asia. Still, it is worth doing our due diligence - while world revolution sounds nice on paper, the realities of geopolitics and overlapping nationalist claims should not be discounted in this new era for the continent.
Of course we will welcome our [FROM.GetAdjective] brothers!
Unfortunately we must decline their application.
[ROOT.GetNameDefCap] Joins the [FROM.GetFactionName]!
With the unification of China and our professed mission to liberate Asia and the Pacific from imperialism, they have quickly become an example for all those hoping to throw off the yoke of foreign colonialism. That said, our own successful efforts to free our people independently is a marvel unto itself and sets us apart from many groups in Asia who struggle to awaken their peoples' national and class consciousness. The freedom fighters of Asia need hope and inspiration, and what could be better than not one but two beacons of anti-colonialism? Thus, we have been admitted into the [FROM.GetFactionName] as we pursue mutual defence, prosperity, and freedom!
Arm and arm for the liberty of Asian peoples!
Our Application Denied
The Chinese are an ancient civilisation, and have always been a haughty one. Emperor after Emperor, Dynasty after Dynasty, they tolerate few friends but expect many vassals. One would hope the humanitarian, transnational call of socialism would encourage the Chinese to change their ways and lend a hand in defence of their comrades, but it seems like this is for naught. The Chinese have declined to sign an alliance with us, whether because of fears of entanglement, nationalist claims, or perhaps simple realpolitik.
It seems that despite their revolution, the Chinese have yet to truly change.
An Invitation to Join the [FROM.GetFactionName]
This morning our ambassador welcomed the Chinese delegation from [FROM.GetNameDef]. Appointed by [FROM.GetLeader], the victor of China's recent civil wars, it is no secret that the reunified Chinese state has sought to project strength overseas and restore China's historical role as the dominant power in East Asia. Whether or not that is a good thing is up to much debate.\n\nThe ambassador expressed sincerely his hopes that we should work together with the Chinese Government in solidarity for the mutual defence against foreign imperialism. Our resources will be shared and our military forces will actively work together in joint military exercises in order to strengthen our cooperation.\n\nWhile there are certainly those within our government who support such a decision, there are also others who are suspicious of Chinese intentions and worry that we will merely find ourselves lackeys or puppets in their new order in Asia.
Together for lasting peace!
No, we have nothing to gain from that!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Joins Us!
It would appear that our ambassadors have accomplished a remarkable feat of diplomatic success as he has managed to convince [FROM.GetNameDef] to work with us and partake in the greater international struggle and revolution against foreign imperialism. Let us hope that this relationship with [FROM.GetNameDef] shall prove to last the ends of time, as we resolutely declare war on all foreign imperialists - for a free Asia!
Together, we are strong!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines Our Invitation
Unfortunately despite his best efforts, it would appear that our diplomatic corps has failed in convincing [FROM.GetNameDef] to partake in our new order. It seems that the people of [FROM.GetNameDef] have either assumed the worst of our intentions or that they simply do not take our strength seriously. They have chosen to stand alone without our protection and leadership, a risk that they have brought upon themselves.
Their loss.
The Southern Stand-Off
The history and politics of Southern China have been intertwined, especially after the 1911 Xinhai Revolution. The 1913 Second Revolution, the 1915 National Protection War, the 1917 Constitutional Protection War, and the lead-up and commencement of the Northern Expedition saw the various provinces ally with one another and betray one another at various points.\n\nAfter Zhili Unification in 1928, three large regional blocs remained in the south: the Liangguang Clique ruling Guangdong and Guangxi, the Hunan Clique which included eastern Guizhou in its sphere, and the Yunnan Clique which used western Guizhou as a buffer zone. They all cooperated with one another to keep Zhili influence at bay, while also never quite trusting one another either.\n\nWith the collapse of the Zhili order, all three pillars of southern China are suffering from upheaval as Kuomintang, Federalist, and Regionalist actors struggle for control over their provinces. Once those conflicts are resolved, war for leadership of southern China is a distinct possibility. Should one of these factions invade the other, it is likely to draw the third in as well.
Let us hope we can resolve things peacefully...
§RShould war begin between us and one of our independent neighbours, the third (if independent) may choose to intervene on one of our sides or both.§!
The [GXC.GetRulingParty] and the [ROOT.GetRulingParty] are considered compatible, sharing many values even if they have come into conflict before in the past. [GXC.GetLeader] is not someone to be trusted uncritically, but he is someone that can be reasoned with. In any case, the wealth of Guangdong and the armies of Guangxi make him a leader we are better off friends with than enemies with.
The [GXC.GetRulingParty] has successfully outmanoeuvred our allies in Liangguang and have seized power for themselves. Our ideologies are simply incompatible and our differences irreconcilable. The wealth of Guangdong is great and the armies of Guangxi mighty, but [GXC.GetLeader] cannot be trusted and if our way is to take hold in the south, we must liberate Guangzhou for our cause.
[HNN.GetLeader] and [ROOT.GetLeader] may not always see eye to eye, but trust is fleeting in such a treacherous time. Threats abound from all sides, and an alliance between [HNN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] may be the only way to bring lasting peace to the south.
[HNN.GetLeader] is the treacherous leader of [HNN.GetNameDef], one who poses a significant threat to us from his base in [HNN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. An alliance with him is impossible given the circumstances. Opposing him may be the only way to bring lasting peace in the south.
[YUN.GetNameDefCap] is ruled by [YUN.GetLeader], an ambitious warlord but one that we are friendly enough with. Ruling a highly militarised Yunnan and Western Guizhou, he commands a mighty, hardened army. It may be wise to cooperate (at least for now) with [YUN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], for the sake of mutual survival.
[YUN.GetNameDefCap] is ruled by [YUN.GetLeader], an ambitious warlord that is hostile to us. Ruling a highly militarised Yunnan and Western Guizhou, he commands a mighty, hardened army. He must be eliminated (either now or later) and  [YUN.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] liberated if we are to survive.
Lastly there is always the possibility of neutrality, simply waiting out the conflict to see what happens next. Perhaps if we feel confident we could then eliminate the weakened \
§RAn additional penalty will be applied because we are ideologically compatible.§!
A War for the South?
War has broken out between Hunan and Yunnan, pitting the two distant neighbours at direct odds for the first time in over a decade. Ties between the two soured in part because of competing spheres of influence over Guizhou, which sits between the two provinces. It seems that the powers that be in the two warlord cliques simply cannot co-exist.\n\n[CHN_south_china_war_get_HNN_alignment]\n\n[CHN_south_china_war_get_YUN_alignment]\n\n$CHN_south_china_war_closing$
We shall declare war on Hunan.
We shall declare war on Yunnan.
We shall declare war on both.
We shall declare our neutrality in this conflict.
A War for the South?
War has broken out between Yunnan and Liangguang (the \
We shall declare war on Liangguang.
We shall declare war on Yunnan.
We shall declare war on both.
We shall declare our neutrality in this conflict.
A War for the South?
War has broken out between Hunan and Liangguang (the \
We shall declare war on Liangguang.
We shall declare war on Hunan.
We shall declare war on both.
We shall declare our neutrality in this conflict.
The South China War
Southern China has devolved into a free-for-all after [FROM.GetLeader] made the bold decision to intervene as a third party in the existing conflict between his neighbours. This adds a further wrinkle to the already complicated politics of the region as forces from Liangguang, Hunan, and Yunnan fight independently for power over the entire region.\n\nBetrayal and violence is nothing new in the south, which underwent tremendous upheaval both during the High Warlord Era and now in the post-Zhili collapse. But whether or not this war will see a single triumphant victor from among them or if it will merely weaken all of them before an outside power conquers them is another question.
We will emerge victorious.
Southern China falls to anarchy.
The South China War
Liangguang is on the backfoot after a conflict with one of its neighbours resulted in both Yunnan and Hunan teaming up to destroy them. Arguably the strongest of the three southern warlord states, nevertheless this is expected to be a difficult crisis for [GXC.GetLeader] to navigate.\n\nBetrayal and violence is nothing new in the south, which underwent tremendous upheaval both during the High Warlord Era and now in the post-Zhili collapse. But whether or not this war will see a lasting unified front form among them or if it will merely weaken all of them before an outside power conquers them is another question.
We will emerge victorious.
Southern China falls to anarchy.
The South China War
Hunan is on the backfoot after a conflict with one of its neighbours resulted in both Liangguang and Yunnan teaming up to destroy them. Traditionally relying on the Zhili to protect them, it seems that at least for now [HNN.GetLeader] will be forced to fight this conflict with no allies besides the Guizhou warlords they propped up in the west.\n\nBetrayal and violence is nothing new in the south, which underwent tremendous upheaval both during the High Warlord Era and now in the post-Zhili collapse. But whether or not this war will see a lasting unified front form among them or if it will merely weaken all of them before an outside power conquers them is another question.
We will emerge victorious.
Southern China falls to anarchy.
The South China War
Yunnan is on the backfoot after a conflict with one of its neighbours resulted in both Liangguang and Hunan teaming up to destroy them. A mighty and heavily militarised southwestern warlord state, [YUN.GetLeader] and his allies will nevertheless be hard-pressed to fight this conflict with no allies besides the Yunnan-backed government in Guizhou.\n\nBetrayal and violence is nothing new in the south, which underwent tremendous upheaval both during the High Warlord Era and now in the post-Zhili collapse. But whether or not this war will see a lasting unified front form among them or if it will merely weaken all of them before an outside power conquers them is another question.
We will emerge victorious.
Southern China falls to anarchy.
The [FROM.GetFactionName] Rises
Today, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the [FROM.GetName] announced a new direction in Chinese foreign policy. Citing the success and anti-imperialism of the Chinese National Revolution - the [FROM.GetName] has officially declared its intention to work with new independent countries in Asia under the Sino-Pacific Friendship Association.\n\nThe planned direction of the association is to work with fellow emerging and socialist nations in Asia and Africa, to encourage economic development and national self sufficiency in an emerging new world order where countries are now seeking distance away from both the Reichspakt and the Third Internationale.
Today, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the [FROM.GetName] announced a new direction in Chinese foreign policy. Citing the success and anti-imperialism of the Chinese National Revolution - the [FROM.GetName] has officially declared to create its own \
Today, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the [FROM.GetName] announced a new direction in Chinese foreign policy. Citing the success and anti-imperialism of the Chinese National Revolution - the [FROM.GetName] has officially declared to create its own \
Today the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the [FROM.GetName] announced that the Chinese Government was going to pursue a hard line in international affairs, formally pursuing an Asian Peoples' Anti-Imperialism League in order to fortify itself and its satellites against foreign imperialism.\n\nWhile proclaiming the need to uphold the principle of indivisible security between its members, in practice it is an extension of the so-called \
Today, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the [FROM.GetName] announced a new direction in Chinese foreign policy. Citing the success and anti-imperialism of the Chinese National Revolution - the [FROM.GetName] has officially declared the formation of an \
Today, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for the [FROM.GetName] announced a new direction in Chinese foreign policy. Citing the success and anti-imperialism of the Chinese National Revolution - the [FROM.GetName] has officially declared the formation of a \
A menace in the East!
A force of liberation?
China flexes its muscles.
An Invitation to join [FROM.GetFactionName]
This morning our ambassador welcomed the Chinese delegation from [FROM.GetNameDef]. The Chinese ambassador expressed sincerely his hopes that we should work together with the Chinese Government in solidarity for the international anti-colonial revolution against foreign imperialism. Our resources will be shared and our military forces will actively work together in joint military exercises in order to strengthen our Pan-Asian cooperation.\n\nWhile there are certainly those within our government who support such a decision, there are also others who are suspicious of Chinese intentions and worry that we will merely find ourselves lackeys or puppets in their new order in Asia.
Together for Pan-Asianism!
No, we have nothing to gain from that!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Joins Us!
It would appear that our foreign ministry has once again accomplished a remarkable feat of diplomatic success as he has managed to convince [FROM.GetNameDef] to work with us and partake in the greater international struggle and revolution against foreign imperialism. Let us hope that this relationship with [FROM.GetNameDef] shall prove to last the ends of time, as we resolutely declare war on all foreign imperialists - for a free Asia!
Together, we are strong!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines Our Invitation
Unfortunately despite his best efforts, it would appear that our ambassador has failed in convincing [FROM.GetNameDef] to partake in our shared anti-imperialist struggle. It seems that the people of [FROM.GetNameDef] have either assumed the worst of our intentions or that they simply do not take our strength seriously. They have chosen to stand alone without our protection and leadership, a risk that they have brought upon themselves.
Their loss.
The Afro-Asian Conference
The old world order of the Kaiserreich has been challenged since the collapse of the capitalist global economy as an aftermath of Black Monday. In Asia, [GER.GetNameDef]'s economic collapse sent ripples through the colonial world with the Indochina Rising in 1936 as well as the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces. The recent completion of the Northern Expedition as well as the War of Resistance has solidified [CHI.GetNameDef] as the first nation in Asia to successfully vanquish the forces of imperialism.\n\nAs a result [CHI.GetLeader] and the Kuomintang's Foreign Ministry have decided to organise an Afro-Asian Conference of leaders and ambassadors of the developing world to gather and discuss the new growing political shifts. While the African nations have yet to achieve their independence from the Germans, the Chinese are more than happy to welcome African revolutionaries as revolutionary comrades in the greater international war against imperialism.\n\nDelegates at the conference have decided to ratify and acknowledge key principles of governing a post-colonial Afro-Asian world which includes establishing goodwill with all members of the conference, to examine social and cultural problems, and to enhance the international visability of the developing world to the international community. A new era is dawning over Asia, and the Chinese nation under [CHI.GetLeader] is more than happy to play an active role in promoting a shared future for the developing world.
The old world order of the Kaiserreich has been challenged since the collapse of the capitalist global economy as an aftermath of Black Monday. In Asia, [GER.GetNameDef]'s economic collapse sent ripples through the colonial world with the Indochina Rising in 1936 as well as the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces. The recent completion of the Northern Expedition as well as the War of Resistance has solidified [CHI.GetNameDef] as the first nation in Asia to successfully vanquish the forces of imperialism.\n\nAs a result [CHI.GetLeader] and the Kuomintang's Foreign Ministry have decided to organise an Afro-Asian Conference of leaders and ambassadors of the developing world to gather and discuss the new growing political shifts. The dramatic collapse  and splintering of German Mittelafrika has led to a rise in African nationalism and  the Chinese are more than happy to welcome African new states as revolutionary comrades in the greater international war against imperialism.\n\nDelegates at the conference have decided to ratify and acknowledge key principles of governing a post-colonial Afro-Asian world which includes establishing goodwill with all members of the conference, to examine social and cultural problems, and to enhance the international visability of the developing world to the international community. A new era is dawning over Asia, and the Chinese nation under [CHI.GetLeader] is more than happy to play an active role in promoting a shared future for the developing world.
Cheers to a New Era!
A commendable initiative!
We have plans of our own.
The Guangzhou Summit
The old world order of the Kaiserreich has been challenged since the collapse of the capitalist global economy as an aftermath of Black Monday. In Asia, [GER.GetNameDef]'s economic collapse sent ripples through the colonial world with the Indochina Rising in 1936 as well as the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces. The recent victory in the Chinese Civil War has solidified [GXC.GetNameDef] as the first nation in Asia to successfully vanquish the forces of imperialism.\n\nAs a result [GXC.GetLeader] and the Foreign Ministry of China have decided to organise a summit in Guangzhou of leaders and ambassadors of the developing world to gather and discuss the new growing political shifts. While the African nations have yet to achieve their independence from the Germans, the Chinese are more than happy to welcome African revolutionaries as revolutionary comrades in the greater international war against imperialism.\n\nDelegates at the conference have decided to ratify and acknowledge key principles of governing a post-colonial international world revolution grounded in the peasantry. The conference includes establishing goodwill with all members of the conference, to examine social and cultural problems, and to enhance the international visability of the developing world to the international community. A new era is dawning over Asia, and the Chinese nation under [GXC.GetLeader] is more than happy to play an active role in promoting a shared future for the developing world.
The old world order of the Kaiserreich has been challenged since the collapse of the capitalist global economy as an aftermath of Black Monday. In Asia, [GER.GetNameDef]'s economic collapse sent ripples through the colonial world with the Indochina Rising in 1936 as well as the collapse of the League of Eight Provinces. The recent victory in the Chinese Civil War has solidified [GXC.GetNameDef] as the first nation in Asia to successfully vanquish the forces of imperialism.\n\nAs a result [GXC.GetLeader] and the Foreign Ministry of China have decided to organise a summit in Guangzhou of leaders and ambassadors of the developing world to gather and discuss the new growing political shifts. The dramatic collapse of and splintering of German Mittelafrika has led to a rise in African nationalism and he Chinese are more than happy to welcome African new states as revolutionary comrades in the greater international war against imperialism.\n\nDelegates at the conference have decided to ratify and acknowledge key principles of governing a post-colonial international world revolution grounded in the peasantry. The conference includes establishing goodwill with all members of the conference, to examine social and cultural problems, and to enhance the international visability of the developing world to the international community. A new era is dawning over Asia, and the Chinese nation under [GXC.GetLeader] is more than happy to play an active role in promoting a shared future for the developing world.
Cheers to a New Era!
A commendable initiative!
We have plans of our own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers Investment
This morning, we have received news from the ambassador of [FROM.GetNameDef] that their country is seeking to invest in our new young nation. We have just recently won and secured our independence, however our industrial and capital base is lacking compared to the rest of the industrial nations of the world. [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has offered to invest in our nation so that we may be able to accelerate the process of industrialisation and as a means for us to resist the capitalistic tendencies of the imperial nations. However, there are some in our government who oppose such measures as this may create unwanted influence of [FROM.GetNameDef] and may very well just be a means of their country trying to take advantage of our young nation.
We graciously accept.
We politely decline.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Investment
We have received great news from our ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] that their country has accepted our investment oppurtunities. Together, we will be able to grow in economic strength and help them develop into a new rising power while also aiding our industrial and recovery efforts. May this be the start of a long and fruitful friendship for the years to come!.
The start of a fruitful partnership.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Spurns Investment
We have received disappointing news from our ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] that they are unwilling to accept our investment opportunity and have turned down our gracious offer. Perhaps they view our grateful outreach as a foreign threat or simply that they do not trust that what we seek is a mutually beneficial relationship for both of our nations. Whether their reasons may be, it's their loss that they have turned down our generous offer.
Regardless, we wish them luck. They'll need it.
We are invited to join the MCEP
Following their announcement of a new direction in foreign policy and international commerce, [FROM.GetNameDef] has announced the ceration of the \
A toast to our Chinese comrades!
How about, no.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] joins the MCEP
We have received news from the ambassador of [FROM.GetNameDef] that their country is happy to announce their decision to join the Minsheng Cooperative Economic Partnership. We applaud them for their wise decision and we look forward to working hand in hand with our comrades in establishing an anti free of imperialism.
Long live anti-imperialism!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejects MCEP Membership
We have received news from the ambassador of [FROM.GetNameDef] that their country is unwilling to join the Minsheng Cooperative Economic Partnership. Perhaps believing that we have other nefarious ideas for our shared cooperation or that we will not distribute resources evenly, they have declined to partake in the greater anti-colonial struggle. While it is certainly disappering to hear this, they will regret this decision as they fall victim to capitalism and imperialism. Only through pan-Asian cooperation will the oppressed peoples be able to work togther.
A shame.
[FROM.GetFactionName] Forms
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of the League of Free Asian States.\n\nBuilt upon the rising strength from the decade of Zhili Hegemony, the League Initiative hopes to provide an alternative to decolonising Asian states to Japanese and European imperialism. This ambitious project also reflects Beiyang ambitions of restoring the traditional Asian political order orbiting around China.
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of the Wuxing Protocol.\n\nNamed after the ancient phrase \
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of the Asia-Pacific Non-Aligned Movement.\n\nThis effort embodies Chinese President Yan Xishan's ambitions of creating a new Asian political order around China and some of his utopian musings of creating a new world. More practically it also solidifies China's status as a rising power and offers new post-colonial Asian states a potential alternative to being dragged into European wars.
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of the National Liberation Front.\n\nHelmed by Chinese president Feng Yuxiang, it represents his movement's stated desire to help liberate other Asian people's from Western and Japanese Imperialism. But Feng is also known for his pragmatism, and it remains to be seen if this will be a defensive or an offensive alliance in practice.
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of an Asian Federation.\n\nThis federation reflects the utopianism of post-Great War Chinese intellectuals. They sought to rebuild Asia into a united, harmonious post-colonial civilisation that could serve as the cornerstone for a world organisation made up of separate continental federations based on equality, demilitarisation, and peaceful co-existence.
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of a Asia-Pacific Treaty Organisation.\n\nBuilt on the framework of international cooperation, democracy, and anti-imperialism, the expressed goal of this alliance is to create a super-federation in Asia that could enforce a constitutional political order and intervene as necessary to protect fledging post-colonial democracies in the region.
After years of civil war, China was reunified under [FROM.GetLeader]'s leadership and it was not long before China moved to return to the world stage. Reflecting China's efforts to become a Great Power once again and rebuild its sphere of influence, the Chinese foreign ministry has announced the formation of an Asia-Pacific Security Pact.\n\nBuilt as an extension of Chinese military might, it hopes to provide an alternative to decolonising Asian states to Japanese and European imperialism. Amid the power vacuum following the Second Sino-Japanese War and predictions of a European retreat from the region, China hopes to find its place in the coming world.
An Eastern Peril!
The Dragon Roars!
A new power rises in the East.
The East Asian Community
For millennia, ships and caravans from across the world would travel to and from China to trade. Empires rose and fell based on their ability to control these valuable trade routes and China prided itself on being at the centre of the world. But in their arrogance, the imperial court began to turn inwards - beginning centuries of stagnation and eventually decline. Devastating losses to foreign imperialists and later civil war was a brutal wakeup call, a reminder that the world had moved on.\n\nAs China re-emerges from its slumber, under [CHN.GetLeader], they seek to reclaim its place as a Great Power and reassert not only their military hegemony but also their former economic dominance. The East Asian Community is the first major international economic project for the newly reunited China, hoping to build a trade bloc that can serve as an alternative to that of Europe and Japan. Mostly an extension of their existing sphere, it nevertheless has attracted interest from other fledging post-colonial nations.
We bring the continent closer together!
China seeks to rebuild its trade empire.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Offers Investment
Having recently joined [FROM.GetFactionName], our new Chinese allies have proposed that we join the East Asian Community - a trade bloc with ambitions of connecting East and South Asia as well as the Pacific. Hosting various initiatives ranging from economic development, infrastructure investment, and even academic and cultural exchanges, the bloc promises prosperity and unity independent of foreign domination.\n\nHowever, while access to Chinese capital has promises in improving our limited industrial base, there are concerns that the Chinese will use their leverage to dominate our economy and outcompete domestic industries. There are also fears that it also will open up our economy to unwanted Chinese influences, allowing them to take advantage of our fragile political state.
We graciously accept.
We politely decline.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Investment
We have received great news from our ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] that their country has accepted our investment opportunities. Together, we will be able to grow in economic strength and help them develop into a new rising power while also aiding our industrial and recovery efforts. May this be the start of a long and fruitful friendship for the years to come!.
The start of a fruitful partnership.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Spurns Investment
We have received disappointing news from our ambassador to [FROM.GetNameDef] that they are unwilling to accept our investment opportunity and have turned down our gracious offer. Perhaps they view our grateful outreach as a foreign threat or simply that they do not trust that what we seek is a mutually beneficial relationship for both of our nations. Whether their reasons may be, it's their loss that they have turned down our generous offer.
Regardless, we wish them luck. They'll need it.
Administering The People of Silver Herds
Having subdued the Mongols in totality in 1691, the Qing Dynasty had ruled parts of the Steppe for over 200 years, yet it would all come crumbling down in 1911 following the Mongolian Revolution. Experiencing both a cultural and societal evolution during and ever since Zanabazar's time as the First Jebtsundamba Khutukhtu, the gradual weakening of the Qing Dynasty and the implementation of the New Policies on the Steppe would result in intense opposition from the Mongol Princes and Lamas.\n\nDeclaring their independence, the brief scramble for independence by the Bogd Khanate would see some of Mongolia's greatest statesman, and its worst. A state without recognition, it would eventually succumb to its own infighting and incompetence, sundering itself to the Anhui Government in 1919. During this time, a new gathering of Mongolian Revolutionaries arose, the Mongolian Nationalist Party, and with their efforts, the current state of affairs of Mongolia would be set in place.
Nonetheless, Mongolian adminsitrative matters are usually almost entirely handled (officially) by the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Commission, a largely powerless body, and so it may be preferable to maintain such a state of affairs. Equally enticing, and that supported by the General staff, is the continued maintenance of military occupation, albeit such a decision conjures images of Xu Shuzheng's failure decades before. Finally, there is always the option to work with local power brokers in the established nobility, be they lay or lama, as a sort of mutually beneficial deal for both the Chinese and the Mongols.
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nIn the efforts to achieve Mongol Autonomy in the 1920s and 30s, various groups had been organised under the auspices of winning the Central Government's official sponsorship to \
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nIn the efforts to achieve Mongol Autonomy in the 1920s and 30s, various groups had been organised under the auspices of winning the Central Government's official sponsorship to \
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nThrough technical terms being the most legal successors to the Chinese administration of Mongolia, the Fengtian Clique has paid little attention or care to the concerns of the frontier, instead focusing its efforts within Rehe, Chahar, Barga, Hulunbuir, and Xilingol. Nonetheless, the Fengtian Clique retains significant local Mongol figures who are willing to cooperate with the government, so long as the Mongols retain significant autonomy. As such, they have insisted upon Liu Yifei to become High Commissioner, a post he had previously held once before, as a close associate of Zhang Xueliang, and a man with reformist tendencies.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nCuriously, having been granted total authority over the whole Outer Mongolia region, Yan Xishan is perhaps out of his depth. Whilst having dispatched figures such as Zhao Daiwen to Chahar, and Xu Yongchang to Suiyuan in cooperation with local princes, Yan is hardly a friend of the Mongols. Being one of the main proponents of transforming the Mongol territories into full Chinese provinces, and commonly using the 7th Changkya Khutukhtu to block Mongolian autonomy matters, Yan has been with few options to administer the Mongol territories, however, Fu Zuoyi has proven himself capable and resilient, if perhaps intolerable to the Mongols themselves, and may be a viable option to retain control.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nRanking perhaps amongst the worst in the eyes of the Mongols, the Guominjun, or Citizen's Army, has wrought havok, chaos, and misery upon the Mongols during its time in Inner Mongolia. With tepid ties to the Inner Mongolian Nationalist Party, and that of the Mongolian Nationalist Party's Capital City Faction, Feng is however flush with potential friends and allies, even if only begrudging. Of course, the only GMJ officers not entirely blacklisted, besides Feng himself, is that of his close adjutant and right-hand, Zhang Zhijiang, and Ma Hetian, another sympathetic officer. Both are close to figures such as Bai Yunti and Dambadorj, and as such can count on the favour of the Mongolian Nationalists if needs must.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nPerhaps fortunately for the Qing administration however, the air of traditions between lieges and their subjects remains strong in the minds of many of the Mongol nobility, with figures such as Prince De, Prince Sung, Prince A, Prince Ta, and especially Jodbajab affirming their loyalties to the Emperor. In Outer Mongolia however, the 2nd Bogd Khan's leading regency figures such as Dorjsürenkhoroljav, Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren, and Tserendondovyn Navaanneren have all demanded substantitative autonomy for the Mongols, in exchange for backing Dorjsürenkhoroljav as a loyal subject of the Emperor.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nConsidered to be sister parties, at least by certain figures within each camp, the Kuomintang and the Mongolian Nationalist Party (alongside the Inner Mongolian Nationalist Party) have long been allies, even during their times in intense exile. Whilst figures such as Danzan and Dambadorj in the MNP retain certain elements of Pro-Chinese sympathies, and the IMNP was a joint project between the KMT and MNP, various figures within the Party have advised that a closely affiliated Mongol be placed in-charge of the Mongol territories. Squabbling amongst themselves, the leading contenders for such a position have rounded out to Bai Yunti, proposed by figures of the Old Right, and Li Yongxin of the New Right.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nHaving recently fought a war with the Mongols over their control of Inner Mongolia, it is unsurprising that the Ma families have very little allies in the region. Instead having to rely upon their own muscle, there luckily is a leading figure of the families that has some semblance of Mongol ties: Ma Hongkui. Whilst considered utterly disagreeable by most banners within his domain, Hongkui is one of the few figures to have extensively dealt with administering the Mongols, and can even count on figures such as Wang Ying and Khangdudorj, whom together are known as the \
$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_base$\n\nHaving long retained an extensive bureaucracy of commissioners responsible for the administering of the Mongol territories, China is flush with many skilled bureaucrats that retain the right qualities and expertise to handle Mongol affairs. Figures such as Wang Yintai, protégé of Chen Yi, or men such as Chen Lu. Having prevously been High Commissioners of the Mongol territories, it is all but an fait accompli that Chen Lu and his expertise be called upon once more to act as High Commissioner of Mongolia.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.300.d_end$
[CHN_mongolia_get_unique_governor]
The MTAC exists for a reason.
Maintain the rule of martial law.
Play to the Nobles, its tried and true.
We'd be amiss without Wu Heling, grant him authority.
Wu Yunpeng should succeed were Heling failed.
Liu Yifei held the post before, surely he can't fail twice.
All under the Marshal.
Ma Hetian maintained cordial affairs once before.
Ma Hongkui will keep them in line.
Toss a bone to Bai Yunti.
Li Yongxin assures the Chairman of his priorities.
It is only natural that Dorjsürenkhoroljav retain his position.
Stepping Foot Onto the Plateau
Establishing a foothold of control since the Chinese Expedition to Tibet in 1720, the Chinese administration within Tibet has been fraught with difficulties, both internal and external. Retaining significant semi-autonomy, the gradual encroachment of the Chinese unto Tibetan territory remained only theoretical, as multiple conventions signed between the British and Chinese would openly be flaunted or ignored by the Tibetan authorities, to the point that the British invaded the region in 1903 in order to subjugate the Tibetans.\n\nRecognising Qing suzerainty in 1907, the Tibetans would rebel with the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, opening Tibet to the true intrigues of local independence, albeit only recognised by the Mongolian government in Khuree. Under this state of affairs, Tibet would struggle to come to terms with modernity, as various groups including the Dalai and Panchen Lamas would feud over a milieu of issues, ranging from simple tax obligations to military and societal modernisation.
Whatever the case may be, Tibetan politics has not sat idly by waiting for the Chinese to pick their overlord. The Tibetan Improvement Party and Kyicho Kuntun Group have both begun to conspire towards promoting their respective visions for the future of Tibet. Similarly, the Sangha has re-affirmed its footing, placing primacy behind the role of the Dalai Lama in Tibetan Affairs. All the while, various figures of the military have assured [ROOT.GetLeader] that a handfull of soldiers could control the whole plateau.
$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_base$\n\nNominally handled by the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Council, modern Chinese control and administration seeks not to replicate that of the Qing's semi-autonomy, and then hastily conducted intervention in 1910. For Sichuan, the issue is most pressing, and especially for that of Liu Wenhui, having fought a war against the Tibetans in recent times. With the most connections within the Plateau, he has put himself forward to administer the Tibetan territories.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_base$\n\nNominally handled by the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Council, modern Chinese control and administration seeks not to replicate that of the Qing's semi-autonomy, and then hastily conducted intervention in 1910. Whilst very few within the Kuomintang government have any prior influence or interest in administering the Tibetan territories, one intrepid official has put himself forward: Huang Musong. Relatively neutral in party affairs, he has promised to conduct a free and fair approach towards the Tibetan issue, in line with the party's desires.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_base$\n\nNominally handled by the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Council, modern Chinese control and administration seeks not to replicate that of the Qing's semi-autonomy, and then hastily conducted intervention in 1910. Whilst the Manchu carry with them negative connotations within the cliques of Tibetan modernisers, the Emperor retains significant respect and loyalties amongst certain figures in the Plataeu. Close to the Panchen Lama, and a former senator of the Beiyang Government, native Tibetan Lobsang Gyaltsen has put himself forward as High Comissioner. Perhaps to preserve Tibetan autonomy, or otherwise, he has proven pliable to most efforts of integration by the Manchu.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_base$\n\nNominally handled by the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Council, modern Chinese control and administration seeks not to replicate that of the Qing's semi-autonomy, and then hastily conducted intervention in 1910. Holding the office of Director of Tibetan Affairs in the Mongolian-Tibetan Affairs Commission, Kong Qingzong has proven himself to be that of an old school Han chauvinist, albeit fascinated by Tibetology. Together with Wen Tsungyao, a prior Tibetan Amban, and a man of Beiyang reformism, the two have drafted their own plans for a Tibetan administration.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.301.d_end$
[CHN_tibet_get_unique_governor]
Tibet is in dire need of true modernity.
It takes hardly a full division to control Tibet...
The Sangha was here before us, let us work with them.
I'm sure Liu Wenhui has it under control.
Huang Musong has a hand on things.
Lobsang Gyaltsen shall work for both the Sangha and the Emperor.
Looking Towards the Frontier
Xinjiang has had a long and troubled time within the Chinese state. Oscillating between Chinese and nomadic control for much of its history, Xinjiang was permanently incorporated into China by Emperor Qianlong. Historically divided into two regions, the Qing forged the singular regional identity of Xinjiang province thereafter. When the Qing Dynasty collapsed, Yang Zengxin effectively ruled the province as his own fiefdom through his Dungan troops. Yang's governorship would last for decades, but his successor Jin Shuren provoked instability by ending the Kumul Khanate, prompting various disgruntled elements to plunge the province into war.\n\nXinjiang's instability has largely ended ever since the resurgent Chinese state directly reincorporated the wayward province back into the fold, but tensions still remain. Moderate Uyghur reformists have opted to extend an olive branch to the authorities, offering their services to the government. Conversely, Turkic Nationalists have vowed to continue the struggle for an East Turkestan republic. Perhaps most welcoming to reintegration has been Xinjiang's local Han and Hui population, who have never had the best relationship with the majority Uyghur population.
Regardless of whoever becomes Governor, they will have their hands full. Masud Sabri and Isa Alptekin of the former East Turkestan Republic have offered to serve the Xinjiang Governor's office should someone like Burhan Shahidi or Yulbars Khan take the office, but more radical figures in the movement will likely voice opposition regardless. Xinjiang's fires have been put out, but the province will continue to smoulder for some time.
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Zhili administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. However, Beijing is keen to maintain a tighter grip over the provinces in order to prevent a return to the Warlord Era. Beijing could perhaps elevate Yulbars Khan to governor on account of his Pro-Chinese attitude in order to appease Uyghur Nationalists, or perhaps a civilian administrator like Fan Yaonan would do better in promoting Beijing's interests.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Zhili administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. Sheng Shicai, despite his supposed sympathy towards socialism, is a prime candidate due to his positive relationship to League Marshal Sun, which could make him a useful loyalist with local experience. However, he has also shown streaks of ambition, which may make him less pliable than a bureaucrat like Fan Yaonan. Another option would be to leave behind a loyalist governor from the League's forces, whilst letting a local retain the civilian governorship.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Anguojun Regime a fair share of picks for the post of Xinjiang Governor. Yulbars Khan of the Kumul Khanate is a known conservative who will clamp down on radicalism and is pro-Chinese in outlook who may encourage Uyghur loyalty to Beijing. General Ma Shaowu is also a prime candidate, as the Yunnanese Hui General may encourage Dungan soldiers to join the Anguojun military forces and increase local resistance to potential Russian encroachment.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Dian administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. Xinjiang has long known the rule of the Yunnan Clique, thanks to Yang Zengxin and Ma Shaowu, and perhaps the latter will continue to maintain the Dian Clique's primacy over the region, and keep the province in order. Perhaps his regime could be bolstered with Yunnanese Hui soldiers put under his command?\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Ma administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. Ma Hushan helped his brother-in-law Ma Zhongying fight for Xinjiang alongside Yulbars Khan, and it may be prudent to grant him the fiefdom that the black sheep of the Ma family never could hold. We may also count on the local Dungan population to welcome our rule, as fellow Hui Muslims.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Kuomintang administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. Xinjiang may be a land rife with reactionaries and separatists, but Burhan Shahidi has shown himself to be a progressive force fighting for the betterment of the province, unlike the scheming fools who fought for their own fiefdoms. His ideals are compatible with those of the National Revolution, and he could be a great force for local support.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the Imperial administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. Yulbars Khan proved his loyalty to his Kumul Khan in the Xinjiang Wars, and has certainly earned the Emperor's sympathy. A general like Ma Shaowu is also an attractive choice, as he was a loyal soldier to Yang Zengxin, a known royalist. Ma is also staunchly anti-Russian, and he will strengthen our resistance to Moscow's nefarious agenda.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_base$\n\nIndeed, it seems that the unexpected influx of local collaborators has afforded the new Chinese administration in Xinjiang a fair share of picks for the post of Governor. There is a strong case to pick out a local collaborator to serve the post, as it is sure to increase local support. However, some within the government have pressured [ROOT.GetLeader] to install a loyalist general from the central military as Governor, to prevent an ambitious figure like Jin Shuren from establishing their own local fiefdom with Russian aid.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.302.d_end$
[CHN_xinjiang_get_unique_governor]
Xinjiang's progressive elements must be empowered!
One of our generals will keep Xinjiang in line.
Xinjiang will continue to be guided by conservative voices!
Let us raise Fan Yaonan to the post.
Sheng Shicai will serve us well.
Yulbars Khan will maintain tradition.
Ma Shaowu is an old friend, he has our vote.
Ma Hushan will finish what Ma Zhongying started.
Burhan Shahidi's sincerity has won him Xinjiang.
Yulbars Khan will serve the Emperor well.
Affairs on Taiwan
After Taiwan was ceded to Japan, various Independence and Home Rule movements sprung up. This fervour manifested in the form of the Taiwanese Cultural Association, led by Jiang Weishui and Lin Xiantian. Jiang and Lin eventually split, with Jiang forming his Kuomintang-adjacent Taiwanese People's Party, and the Liang Qichao-admiring Lin and conservative elements forming the Taiwanese Alliance for Home Rule. In the aftermath of Taiwan's reclamation, the TPP has found itself floundering. Moderates such as Cai Peihuo have clashed with Jiang's radicalism and authoritarian attitude, threatening to split the party.\n\nThe Taiwanese Syndicalist Party was also suppressed immediately upon the arrival of the Mainlander authorities. Meanwhile, the former elites and gentry class have attempted to court the support of the new Chinese regime, though the perception of the TAHR as unpatriotic has hurt their reputation with occupational authorities. In the midst of the TPP and TAHR has risen the Taiwan Restoration Comrades Association, led by brothers Liao Wenkui and Liao Wenyi. Composed of Western-educated technocrats and intellectuals, it is a generally liberal movement, seeking to court liberal support from the Mainland.
Although Taiwan is unlike the frontier regions in that it is nearly entirely composed of Han Chinese, the steps the administration takes to reintegrate the wayward province are just as critical. Taiwan's population has been separated from the Mainland for half a century, and any Chinese government attempting to manage the province will have to acknowledge these differences, or perhaps Taiwan will continue to feel unrest for years to come.
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nThe Zhili administration, despite its anti-Japanese outlook, has taken a favourable look at the TAHR. Liang Qichao continues to be a big influence on Beijing, a shared sentiment with Lin Xiantian. While liberal elements within the Zhili camp have voiced support for the TRCA, Lin and his TAHR certainly have the support of conservative higher-ups in the government. However, there has been a call among more centralist and militarist figures in the government that distrust the localist parties to put the province under temporary martial law.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nThough Taiwan has returned to the fold somewhat alien to its Mainland counterparts, perhaps the [ROOT.GetLeader] administration is uniquely suited to dealing with the island province. Sun Chuanfang's initial powerbase was in neighbouring Fujian, which continued to play a crucial role in the League government. The Fujianese share a language with their islander counterparts, so perhaps Fuzhou's rising star Sa Shijun may govern the province, ensuring that the locals remain pacified.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nLike Taiwan, the Northeast knows the Japanese all too well. While many well-meaning Chinese patriots may decry Japanese collaboration amongst Taiwan's elite class, the Anguojun Government is more understanding of the Taiwanese situation. Thus, the [ROOT.GetLeader] administration has looked upon the TAHR as a potential partner alongside the authorities to encourage local support in both shoring up stability and traditionalism on the fractious island province.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nThe Kuomintang have their fair share of allies upon the island to choose from. Jiang, despite his radicalism, is a proven patriot who honours the Guofu as much as any party member from the Mainland. Lin Xiantian also is a decent choice on account of his connections with the Taiwanese Gentry and elites, though perhaps empowering Japanese collaborators is not in China's best interests. Some within the Party have also suggested that Taiwan is perhaps not yet ready for local rule, with instead of a loyal officer of the NRA being the optimal choice to maintain order and pave the way for the implementation of the Guofu's vision on the island.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nTaiwan's loss was perhaps the true point of no return for the maintenance of the Qing Dynasty. However, not only has the monarchy returned to rule China, but even the island province has been reclaimed by the Royalists. Taiwan's local organisations have tended to be republican in outlook, but their elites have always been of a pragmatic sense. They found a working relationship with Tokyo, perhaps they might find one with the Son of Heaven too.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_base$\n\nOnce administered similarly to Fujian as an entire Provincial unit, many proponents within the government advocate for a simple return to that state of affairs; the Fujianese are best suited to the administering of the Taiwanese and their shared cultural backgrounds. However, some within the army have insisted upon the role of the military in maintaining such a strategic island, or of working with local groups, be they the TPP, TAHR, or otherwise.\n\n$CHN.foreignpolicy.303.d_end$
[CHN_taiwan_get_unique_governor]
Work with the various local progressive groups.
There is still the lingering presence of the Japanese on the island.
Court the TAHR, even with their reputation.
We find a partnership with Lin Xiantian acceptable.
Sa Shijun will be able to bring Taiwan under proper governance.
The TAHR understands how to dance with the Rising Sun, like us.
Jiang is rough around the edges, but he's our man.
Lin and his TAHR shall serve the Emperor well.
Sino-[ROOT.GetAdjective] Negotiations
Since 1911, China has suffered tremendously from political disunity, revolution, and warlordism. Our entry into the continent makes us only the lastest would-be conquerer of the ancient society, but unless we wish to directly fund Chinese reconstruction and deal with lingering insurgencies, banditry, and warlordism we would be wise to partner with local allies and/or collaborators in the region. Our agents on the ground have begun opening negotiations with both local factions and political exiles in hopes of faciliating such a dialogue. It will ultimately be up to [ROOT.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to decide what direction to go. Ultimately it is decided to explore talks with...
...the Chinese Monarchists.
...our the pool of pro-Japanese Allies.
...the Chinese Federalist Movement.
...Chinese Revolutionaries.
...other Chinese Republicans.
We will hold off on making a decision.
Talks with Chinese Monarchists
In 1911, Chinese revolutionaries toppled the Xuantong Emperor, the then two-year old Puyi. This was the culmination of decades of Qing political, economic, and military decline. The Xinhai Revolution involved the conflux of republicanism, radicalism, and ethno-nationalism and an attempt by Yuan Shikai (egged on by Western advisors) to crown himself as Emperor a few years later plunged the nation into a decades long Warlord Era.\n\nPolitical support for the monarchy is limited though opinions have mellowed out due to the chaos of republican rule in the ensuing years. Still, many are wary of attempting to install a monarchy by force and the \
We shall restore the Qing Emperor.
We will move on for now.
The Reformation of the Republic
Japan has long cultivated influence in China, sifting through various allies and collaborators in hopes of expanding their reach into their more populous neighbor. Various Chinese factions have worked with Japan, either our of genuine Pan-Asian idealism or belief that the two powers could work together against European imperialism or a pragmatic desire to avoid war or total domination by Japan or simply because they wanted or needed Japanese help.\n\nMost pro-Japanese forces ended up aligned with the Fengtian clique or the broader National Pacification Army (Anguojun), with the Zhang Zuolin faction, the Shikan Clique, the Recovery League (the successors of the Anhui Clique), and New Communications Clique all having varying degrees of pro-Japanese sympathies. More directly sponsored by Tokyo were the Concordia Association and the New People's Society.\n\nMore minor Japanese allies include Chen Lianbo and his Merchant government in Guangzhou (Canton), who have sought to deepen their ties with Japan to counteract Zhili and Old Guangxi influence. Similarly, our agents have also worked to court Governor Yan Xishan of Shanxi to our side.\n\nWith the old republic having been destroyed, a new one must be formed - merging competing projects by the highly factionalised Japanese Army, Navy, and civilian government. Finally, a decision must be made about who shall helm this \
Let us lean on our cultivated networks in Shenyang.
Let us look south to the Canton Merchants.
Let us look north to the wily Yan Xishan.
We will move on for now.
Federalism in China?
Federalism in China has had a complicated history, with a brief high point in the early 1920s followed by a speedy decline in the ensuing years. Still, it retains its popularity among those who fear the tyranny and corruption of the central government, and the Federalist movement in recent years has absorbed democratic, constitutionalist, and regionalist elements as well.\n\nInstalling a Federalist government in China will likely be viewed with suspicion as a means of dividing and conquering, though local politicians who stand to benefit from such a system may be quick to embrace it. The Federalist movement in China, by its very nature, is politically diverse and diffuse. Liangguang, Yunnan, Hunan, Sichuan, and Zhejiang are perhaps the most notable centers of the Chinese Federalist movement.
The Guangzhou Federalists seem promising.
The Southwest has always been a Federalist fortress.
This feels a little too far fetched...
A New Republic?
After the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, a new republic was proclaimed. This Republic of China underwent tremendous turmoil throughout the warlord era as a successive strongmen dominated Beijing. Dubbed the \
The Beiyang Republic shall be restored.
We shall set up a provisional republic in Nanjing.
We put our faith in the wily Governor Yan.
We will move on for now.
A New Revolution in China?
The 1911 Xinhai Revolution was a cataclysmic event in Chinese history and one that opened the door for radical political, social, and economic ideas to flourish in Chinese discourse. But translating ideas into action was difficult and spurred further division among this new generation of socialists, nationalists, and revolutionary republicans.\n\nDr. Sun Yat-sen and his Kuomintang became the foremost revolutionary party during the Warlord era but they were hardly alone. The Guominjun, the Chinese Syndicalist Party, the World Society, and various splinters and independent groups emerged throughout the years, all vying for a chance to reshape China in their image. Forcibly installing revolution onto China is bound to be difficult, but may forever alter the course of the ancient civilisation's history.
The socialist establishment of course.
Guangzhou was the home of the revolution after all!
The Guominjun provide a fresh perspective.
Guizhou was the last stand of the old NRA!
This is going a step too far...
Left Kuomintang
Left Kuomintang
the Left Kuomintang
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Nanjing Nationalist Government
the Nanjing Nationalist Government
Left Kuomintang
Left Kuomintang
the Left Kuomintang
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Left Kuomintang
Left Kuomintang
the Left Kuomintang
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Changsha Nationalist Government
the Changsha Nationalist Government
Left Kuomintang
Left Kuomintang
the Left Kuomintang
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Kunming Nationalist Government
the Kunming Nationalist Government
Right Kuomintang
Right Kuomintang
the Right Kuomintang
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Guangzhou Nationalist Government
the Guangzhou Nationalist Government
Chinese Federalists
Chinese Federalist
the Chinese Federalists
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Chinese Federalists
Chinese Federalist
the Chinese Federalists
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Guangzhou Federalist Government
the Guangzhou Federalist Government
Federalists
Federalist
the Federalists
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Chongqing Federalist Government
the Chongqing Federalist Government
Federalists
Federalist
the Federalists
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Kunming Federalist Government
the Kunming Federalist Government
Federalists
Federalist
the Federalists
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Changsha Federalist Government
the Changsha Federalist Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Chengdu Provisional Government
the Chengdu Provisional Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Jinan Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Jinan Provisional Government
the Jinan Provisional Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Changsha Provisional Government
the Changsha Provisional Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Lanzhou Provisional Government
the Lanzhou Provisional Government
Northern Zhili Clique
Northern Zhili
the Northern Zhili Clique
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Dihua Provisional Government
the Dihua Provisional Government
Southern Zhili Clique
Southern Zhili
the Southern Zhili Clique
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Nanjing Provisional Government
the Nanjing Provisional Government
Southern Zhili Clique
Southern Zhili
the Southern Zhili Clique
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Nanning Provisional Government
the Nanning Provisional Government
Southern Zhili Clique
Southern Zhili
the Southern Zhili Clique
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Southern Zhili Clique
Southern Zhili
the Southern Zhili Clique
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Kunming Provisional Government
the Kunming Provisional Government
Fengtian Clique
Fengtian
the Fengtian Clique
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
National Pacification Government
the National Pacification Government
Fengtian Clique
Fengtian
the Fengtian Clique
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
Guangzhou Provisional Government
the Guangzhou Provisional Government
NPA
NPA
the NPA
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
Chinese National Protection Government
the Chinese National Protection Government
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
People's Communes of China
the People's Communes of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
People's Communes of China
the People's Communes of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
China
Chinese
China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
United Provinces of China
the United Provinces of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
People's Communes of China
the People's Communes of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
People's Communes of China
the People's Communes of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
[THIS.ChinaGetStateProvinceTitle] Province
Anhui
Chahar
Fengtian
Fujian
Gansu
Guangdong
Guangxi
Guizhou
Heilongjiang
Henan
Hubei
Hunan
Rehe
Jiangsu
Jiangxi
Jilin
Wai Menggu
Ningxia
Qinghai
Shaanxi
Shandong
Shanxi
Sichuan
Suiyuan
Taiwan
Xizang
Xinjiang
Yunnan
Zhejiang
Zhili
Has formed a §YProvisional National Government§!
Has §Rnot§! formed a §YProvisional National Government§!
Demanded a concession within the last month
The §YSouth China War§! has started.
Is neutral in the §YSouth China War§!.
§Y[FROM.GetNameDefCap] is currently engaged in diplomacy (an alliance offer or demand for submission) from another faction.§!
§Y[FROM.GetNameDefCap] is§! §Rnot§! §Ycurrently engaged in diplomacy (an alliance offer or demand for submission) from another faction.§!
Chinese Armour Industry
Chinese Naval Industry
Chinese Aviation Industry
Chinese Small Arms Industry
Chinese Light Arms Industry
Chinese Artillery Industry
Chinese Transport Industry
Chinese Automobile Industry
Building a Chinese Domestic Defence Industry
One of the few silver linings of decades of civil war is that heavy military spending has built a sturdy foundation for a modern military-industrial complex. However, many barriers remain. Besides the usual suspects of corruption, inexperience and wartime disruption, Chinese soldiers historically have been equipped with foreign designs, if not outright foreign imports, stifling the growth of a domestic arms industry. Furthermore, most of China's vast arsenals are heavily decentralised and poorly integrated, a product of warlord regionalism. As we march towards unification, we must work to capture and synchronise these military production hubs, unleashing the full potential of the Chinese industrial behemoth!
Integrated the Shenyang Arsenal
Integrated the Taiyuan Arsenal
Integrated the Shanghai Arsenal
Integrated the Gongxian Arsenal
Integrated the Guangdong Arsenal
Integrated the Jinling Arsenal
Integrated the Hanyang Arsenal
[CHN_integrate_major_arsenal_scripted_loc]
[CHN_integrate_major_arsenal_desc_scripted_loc]
Integrate Shenyang Arsenal
Shenyang Arsenal is perhaps one of the hallmark achievements of the Fengtian clique, created and maintained with the help of Japanese advisors to maintain Zhang Zuolin's grip over Manchuria and fuel his ambitions of uniting China under his banner. Formally known as the Eastern Three Province Arsenal, it is one of the largest in China and boasts of its ability to produce more arms than all others in China combined across the 1920s. Taking advantage of Dongbei's superior industrial might and rich natural resources, Shenyang Arsenal became a centre for not only production but also creating an extensive military logistical chain (including centralised production of rations and uniforms), as well as weapons development of their own. While Zhang was unable to fully break China's dependence on foreign arms imports, perhaps under our management it will play a valuable role in building a domestic arms industry.
Shenyang Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Taiyuan Arsenal
Taiyuan Arsenal is a massive complex built in Shanxi's capital by its venerable Governor Yan Xishan. Quoted as saying \
Taiyuan Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Gongxian Arsenal
In 1914, Yuan Shicai personally oversaw the construction of Gongxian Arsenal in Henan. Taking advantage of its strategic position and easy access to raw materials, Admiral Sa Zhenbing and hired German engineers used purchased American machinery to establish one of the premier modern military arsenals in China. Its relatively intact capture has secured for us a valuable prize in central China, one we must quickly integrate with the rest of our defence industry.
Gongxian Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Hanyang Arsenal
Hanyang Arsenal is one of the largest, oldest and most important modern Chinese Arsenals. Built in 1891 as Hubei Arsenal, it required significant time and funds diverted from the fleet. Capable of producing artillery, rifles, and ammunition, Hanyang fed a series of armies including the original Xinhai Revolutionaries based in Wuhan. It has achieved fame developing and producing the Hanyang 88 rifle (based on the German Gewehr 1888) and the General Liu Rifle (designed by Hanyang Superintendent General Liu Qingen), some of the most iconic weapons of the Warlord Era.
Hanyang Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Guangdong Arsenal
First erected by the Viceroy of Liangguang in 1873, the Guangdong Arsenal got its start as the Guangdong Machinery Bureau producing light arms. Gradually, it was expanded and modernised, constructing new facilities and absorbing other arsenals like Zengbu Arms Bureau to create a powerful military industrial complex in Guangdong. The Xinhai Revolution and ensuing wars saw Guangzhou become the centre of a succession of southern governments, and Guangdong Arsenal's role only continued to expand. Assisted by other regional arsenals like at Shijing, Pajiang, and even a dedicated gas-mask factory, the facilities of southern China will be of great service to the nation's cause.
Guangdong Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Jinling Arsenal
Jinling Machinery Manufacturing Bureau, built atop the old Xitian Temple site by late Qing Dynasty reformer Li Hongzhang in 1865, quickly became one of China's venerable weapons production depots in Eastern China. Referred sometimes as \
Jinling Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Shanghai Arsenal
Established in 1865 during the Self-Strengthening Movement by Li Hongzhang and Zeng Guofan, the Jiangnan Manufacturing Bureau in Shanghai was created to supply modern firearms for the Qing Dynasty. Despite facing political turmoil over decades, the factory underwent significant expansions and developments. Renamed the Shanghai Arsenal in 1917, it emerged as one of the most productive manufacturers of machine tools and modern weaponry, including heavy machine guns, mortars, field guns, and even antiaircraft guns.
Shanghai Arsenal has been integrated
Integrate Major Military Arsenals at [FROM.GetName]
The large-scale military production facilities here are of the utmost quality, or at least could be with sufficient investment and attention by our government. We must work to amalgamate them into our broader production line.
[CHN_integrate_minor_small_arms_arsenal_scripted_loc]
[CHN_integrate_minor_small_arms_arsenal_desc_scripted_loc]
Integrate Jinan Arsenal
Created as the Shandong Machinery Bureau by Governor Ding Baozhen in 1875, it acquired machinery needed to produce weapons a few years later in 1883. It began producing a series of light arms derived from western designs, quickly expanding its industrial base to producing increasingly large amounts of rifles and other infantry equipment. Renamed Shandong Arsenal by the Beiyang Government, it saw further production and its final name as Jinan Arsenal under Zhang Zhongchang's rule.
Integrate Chengdu Arsenal
The disruption caused by various wars in Eastern China, including recent developments following the collapse of Qing authority, have pushed some relocations of production infrastructure towards the hinterlands. While the extent to which these moves were planned versus hasty opportunism is debated, Chengdu has been a willing recipient of these evacuations, creating a burgeoning defence sector of its own.
Integrate Guizhou Arsenal
The Guizhou Arsenal was founded in August 1926 in Guiyang by Zhou Xichen, through the merger of the Chishui Arsenal and the Yanhe Gun Factory, which were initially established by Zhou in 1923 and 1924 respectively, to manufacture pistols and rifles for his power struggle in Guizhou. Joined by a smokeless powder factory which greatly bolstered production, the Guizhou Arsenal now produced machine guns, grenades, shells and even mines for Zhou Xichen's armies.
Integrate Guangxi Arsenal
Originally established in Longcheng in 1899 to produce weapons for the Chinese army in the southwestern frontier, the Guangxi Machinery Bureau was burnt in a fire accident in 1914 and was relocated to Nanning. It was first used by Lu Rongting to arm his Guangxi army and later taken over by Li Zongren and Huang Shaohong to create the Guangxi Arsenal by merging their respective arms factories in 1924 to produce rifles for their soldiers.
Integrate Small Arms Arsenal at [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] has become quite a centre for small arms production, churning out a sizeable amount of rifles, grenades, and ammunition for local armies over the years. Having become its newest masters, it is critical that we make the most out of their expertise for the good of the nation.
[CHN_integrate_minor_support_equipment_arsenal_scripted_loc]
[CHN_integrate_minor_support_equipment_arsenal_desc_scripted_loc]
Yunnan Arsenal
Formed in 1884 as the Yunnan Machinery Bureau in Kunming to repair and produce firearms, the Yunnan Arsenal began to produce modern rifles in 1905. Renamed after the collapse of the Qing, it began producing grenades and small shells and provided arms to the Yunnan Army during the Second Revolution and the National Protection War under the local administration of Yunnan, which expanded the arsenal in 1927.
Expand Hunan Arsenal
As the military needs of the Zhili clique grew, some experts from Gongxian Arsenal went to the freshly secured province of Hunan to aid in the creation of a new light arms plant at Zhuzhou, expanding on previous arsenals first established by Tan Yankai in 1912 and revitalised by Zhao Hengti in 1924. While their goals of creating a cutting edge facility fell short due to the instability Hunan faced following the collapse of the League, Hunan sits at the crossroads of the nation and in turn it is imperative that we invest in expanding existing facilities there accordingly.
Expand Dihua Arsenal
Decades ago, in the far reaches of Xinjiang, Governor Rao Yingqi had enough foresight as he watched the Russians and British play their \
Expand Light arms Arsenal at [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] has the potential to become quite a centre for light arms production, churning out a sizeable amount of mortars, uniforms, rations, and other support equipment to support our growing forces. It is critical that we make the most out of the region and its expertise for the good of the nation.
[CHN_integrate_minor_artillery_arsenal_scripted_loc]
[CHN_integrate_minor_artillery_arsenal_desc_scripted_loc]
Expand Lanzhou Arsenal
In the ailing days of the Qing, Governor Zuo Zongtang of Shaanxi and Gansu elected to establish the Lanzhou Machinery Bureau in 1871. Hiring local craftsmen and purchasing the necessary machinery from abroad, he laid the foundations for a reasonably successful regional ordinance production centre by coordinating facilities under his command in Lanzhou and Xi'an. The rifles, artillery guns, and their corresponding ammunition allowed Zuo to achieve successes fighting across China's western reaches, though the plant was unfortunately shut down in 1882.\n\nMore recent warlords have reopened it, albeit much of the infrastructure and personnel were since lost or grown outdated. Still, sitting deep in China's interior, it could not hurt to develop an alternative source of artillery and indeed it seems our predecessors had a similar idea though they failed to see it to full completion.
Expand Artillery Production at [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] has the potential to become quite a centre for light arms production, churning out a sizeable amount of heavy guns and artillery shells to support our growing forces. It is critical that we make the most out of the region and its expertise for the good of the nation.
[CHN_integrate_major_dockyard_scripted_loc]
[CHN_integrate_major_dockyard_desc_scripted_loc]
Integrate Yingkou Naval Yard
The port of Yingkou sits in a strategic site in the Yellow Sea, positioned in a controlling position along the Daliao river and Liaodong Bay. With Dalian (Port Arthur) under Japanese control, Yingkou was effectively the sole port under the Fengtian clique's direct control and significant (albeit insufficient) funding was provided to expand it as the home of their fleet. It is clear they have learned plenty from their Japanese partners, a skill-set we must be able to utilise for developing a fleet of our own.
Integrate Jiangnan Shipyards
Jiangnan Shipyard was founded in 1865 to build, repair, and covert both military and civilian ships alike. Located near the Yangtze and situated largely within the mighty port of Shanghai, Jiangnan is one of the premier shipbuilding centres in all of China. Long strongly under the control of the Beiyang government, the creation of the Legation Cities altered the dynamic significantly. Still, they have benefited from outside investment and expertise, something we must bring under our control for a more equal future.
Integrate the Fuzhou Arsenal
Fuzhou Arsenal, also known as the Foochow Arsenal or Mawei Arsenal, was created under the orders of late Qing Dynasty leaders Li Hongzhang and Zuo Zongtang a few miles up the Min River. Taking advantage of Fujian's proud naval heritage and local naval academies, the Fuzhou arsenal complimented the region by providing a western designed naval dockyard, a metal-working forge, and additional schools for navigation and marine engineering. Damaged in ensuing wars, it was rebuilt and remained a prominent dockyard though under Legation control. Having secured its return, we must utilise it to its fullest capacity in helping us build a modern navy.
Integrate Whampoa Dock Company
The Hong Kong and Whampoa Dock Company was founded by Douglas Lapraik and Thomas Sutherland in 1866. Often abbreviated Whampoa Dock or Kowloon Docks, it effectively monopolised shipbuilding in the Pearl River Delta across the 1870s. The Canton region has traditionally been a centre for external trade, and its location made it both an asset and a target in the South China sea. We shall integrate these newly acquired facilities into our navy.
Integrate Dagu Shipyard
Established in 1880 by Li Hongzhang in Dagu, the Dagu Shipyard was initially tasked with only repairing ships for the Beiyang Fleet. Two years later, it began producing warships and in 1891 it even produced firearms like naval guns. Occupied in 1900 by the powers and returned to China two years later, the Dagu Shipyard remained prominent in the Warlord Era. It also was notable for producing European designed machine guns for the Ministry of Navy.
Integrate Major Shipyards at [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] has become quite a centre for naval construction, with a powerful collection of drydocks, shipyards, and training centres for naval personnel. Having become its newest masters, it is critical that we make the most out of their expertise for the good of the nation.
Build the Guangxi Arsenal
As one of China's most poverty stricken provinces, Guangxi is hardly an apt place for industrialisation. The Guangxi Arsenal is the brain child of both Li Zongren and Huang Shaohong for reorganising Guangxi's existing arms manufacturing plants - which up until the take over of the New Guangxi Clique merely produced poor quality \
Refurbish the Shijing Arsenal
Established in the 11th year of the Guangxu Emperor's reign, the original Guangzhou Machinery Bureau was merged into the Zengbu Arms Bureau and became the Manufacturing East Bureau. A product of the Westernisation Movement, much of the factory's equipment and machinery has been managed by German engineers - a legacy that has yet to remain unchanged with Germany's influence in China prevalent following the German victory in the Weltkreig. Nonetheless, the arsenal is starting to show its age and we ought to provide our due diligence in maintaining and refurbishing the arsenal in order to accommodate more modern gun production - allowing us to produce more than just rifles but also light machine guns as well.
Build the Guangxi Aircraft Assembly Plant
With industrialisation well under way in the rural, poor province of Guangxi, many of the leading officials within the New Guangxi Clique, namely that of Bai Chongxi, and Huang Xuchu, have endeavoured for Guangxi to be the first step in the grand modernisation of China's military capacity. Overseeing the construction of the newly dubbed \
Evacuate Military Industry to the Hinterlands
As most of China's heavy industries are located around the coastal regions of the country, the threat of a war that will engulf our coastline puts our industries at risk. In this time of crisis, we will seek to move and relocate arms industries to the inner parts of the country which we control - in order to preserve their use for our war efforts.
Evacuate Civilian Industry to the Hinterlands
As most of China's heavy industries are located around the coastal regions of the country, the threat of a war that will engulf our coastline puts our industries at risk. In this time of crisis, we will seek to move and relocate civilian industries to the inner parts of the country which we control - in order to preserve their use for our war efforts.
§LTaking this focus will make the decisions to §YRelocate Military Industries§! and §YRelocate Civilian Industries§! cheaper!§!
Zheng Pingru
Shaoshuai Clique Officer
§LThis officer is a follower of Zhang Xueliang.§!
Shikan Clique Officer
§LThis officer is aligned with Yang Yuting's Shikan Clique.§!
Zhang Clique Officer
§LThis officer is a long time associate of Zhang Zuolin.§!
Pro-Japanese Sympathizer
§LWhile not officially part of any clique, this officer holds some pro-Japanese sympathies.§!
Guominjun General
§LThis general belongs to Feng Yuxiang's Guominjun.§!
Jin Army General
§LThis general is a member of Yan Xishan's Jin Army.§!
Monarchist Officer
§LThis Officer is tied directly to Monarchy or the Royalist party, and as such, their fate is tied closely to them.§!
Guangdong Clique Officer
§LThis Officer is a member of the Old Guangdong clique, and is privy to their interests.§!
Guangxi Clique Officer
§LThis Officer is a member of the Old Guangxi clique, and is privy to their interests.§!
Right Kuomintang Officer
§LThis officer's primary sympathies lie with the right wing of the Kuomintang.§!
Left Kuomintang Officer
§LThis officer's primary sympathies lie with the left wing of the Kuomintang.§!
China Democratic League Officer
§LThis officer's interests align with the CDL.§!
Grand Republican Alliance Officer
§LThis officer's interests align with the GRA.§!
Yunnan Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to Yunnan Province or aligned with its leaders.§!
Guizhou Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to Guizhou Province or aligned with its leaders.§!
Ma Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to the three Northwest Provinces or aligned with their leaders.§!
Hunan Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to Hunan Province or aligned with its leaders.§!
Sichuan Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to Sichuan Province or aligned with the disparate Sichuan cliques.§!
Xinjiang Clique Officer
§LThis officer is either native to Xinjiang Province or aligned with its leaders.§!
Northern Zhili Officer
§LThis Officer is a member of the Northern Zhili Clique, and as such is generally loyal to Wu Peifu and Cao Kun.§!
Southern Zhili Officer
§LThis Officer is a member of the Southern Zhili Clique, and as such is generally loyal to Sun Chuanfang.§!
Radicals
Independent Radicals and Revolutionaries\n§LThe revolutionary strain of radicalism within China has a fascinating history emanating from the timeless struggle of martyrs and heroes in the struggle against perceived injustices. Mobilising the fury of the masses, various revolutionaries have come and went, either peacefully or through fire and war. Largely coalescing into various parties such as the Kuomintang, or Young China Party, the revolutionary strain of thought is largely in contention with that of the reformists.\n\nThe allure of radicalism extends all across China however, from the steppe of the Northwest Frontier to the bustling streets of Shanghai, many cling to the ideals of a radically transformed China, either in the socialist egalitarian ideal, or in the strong nationalist flavour. Operating either under the radical elements of the Kuomintang, Young China Party, or Chinese Syndicalist party, the extremist groups refuse to partake in the Chinese Parliamentary system; seeing the newly proclaimed Central Government as merely a betrayal of the socialist revolution.§!\n
KMT
Chinese Kuomintang (Zhongguo Guomindang)\n§LThe Chinese Nationalist Party has taken on many forms in its marred history. Founded as the parliamentary organisation of the Tongmenghui in 1912 by Sun Yat-sen, Huang Xing, and Song Jiaoren, the Kuomintang would endeavour itself to faithfully serve as a parliamentary party within the early Beiyang Republic. After Song's assassination and Sun's subsequent multiple exiles however, the Party would be reorganised into the Chinese Gemingang, and later revived as the Guomindang on October 10th 1919. Dedicated to the Three Principles of the People as espoused by Dr. Sun Yat-sen, the Kuomintang aspires for the implementation of the Party-State, or Dangguo, and implement the Three-Stage National Revolution. Through the aspiration for the Three Principles of Minzu, Minquan, and Minsheng (Nationalism, Democracy, and Welfare respectively), they hope to see a new revolutionary republic.\n\nAttempting to unify the nation in 1927 with the Northern Expedition, the Kuomintang and its National Revolutionary Army would ultimately fail in its endeavour, and be forced to flee into the mountains of the MinGan insurgent zone, Guizhou Province, and into Paris alongside Moscow. Rife with infighting, the party has largely been split on the precipice of its Right Wing and Left Wings. Heralded by Hu Hanmin and the remaining army cliques in Guizhou, the \
CSP
Chinese Syndicalist Party (Zhongguo Gongtuandang)\n§LLargely confined to urban centres or port cities, the Chinese Syndicalist Party for years remained merely a fragmented junior party of the Chinese Kuomintang. Considered to be milquetoast radicals espousing a foreign ideology in a nation without the large worker support base akin to that in Europe or the Americas, the Chinese Syndicalist Party still maintained significant successes in its political history. With key action in historical events such as the Hong Kong-Canton strikes in 1925, which resulted in the founding of the League of Chinese Syndicalists, or the Shanghai Uprising in 1932 which resulted in broad national mass action.\n\nWith its inherently pluralistic nature, the Chinese Syndicalist Party has found itself fragmented with a series of disparate cliques such as the Orthodox faction of Chen Duxiu and Li Lisan, the Radical faction of Chen Shaoyu, and other various syndicalists such as the Northern cliques of Li Dazhao, the Southern cliques of Tan Pingshan and Deng Zhongxia, and the regional cliques such as the likes of Cai Hesen in Hunan or Wu Yuzhang in Sichuan. Despite all of their pomp and posturing however, the CSP is hardly a major political force in China - with its main strength and influence only among radical students and workers.§!\n
FCDP
Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties (Zhongguo Minzhu Zhengtuan Tongmeng)\n§LFormed during the brief Zhili liberalisation after 1928, the United National Construction League would ultimately be banned but set the groundwork for the formation of the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties. The FCDP attempts to unite all parties across the nation seeking constitutional, civilian democracy under its banner - including the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, National Salvation Federation, Political Science Clique, China Vocational Education Society/China National Democratic Construction Association, Democratic Socialist Party, the Crescent Moon Society, and numerous other parties.\n\nWith the unification of the nation and the solidification of political blocs, the unwieldy FCDP has seen much of its support siphoned off to regional or otherwise far more prevalent fully fledge parties. However in that vacuum it has incorporated various other minor parties to strengthen its position. Largely led by the Northern democratic parties and cliques, it has set itself as a primarily as an alternative to the southern dominated Grand Republican Alliance, balancing a conservative, reformist leadership with its more dynamic, grass-roots activists.§!\n
GRA
Grand Republican Alliance (Gonghe Datongmeng)\n§LThe Grand Republican Alliance is a quasi-legal political coalition of largely Southern Chinese parties operating in opposition towards the established Beiyang political order. Formed in 1931 after the swelling of anti-concessionist energy and nationalist agitation following the failure of the Zhili-Fengtian negotiation discussions, the Grand Republican Alliance would briefly ally with the retired Duan Qirui, and be joined by other \
Republicans
Independent Republicans and Intellectuals\n§LThe intellectual tradition within the Chinese political sphere has been a long, proud, and most certainly vocal one. Many participating politicians utterly and sincerely refused to participate in any political parties, seeing them as corrupt and restricting. Upholding themselves to their own principles and pragmatism as opposed to ideology, they are largely the gentlemen behind the \
CCP
$CHN_CCP_party_long_tt$\n§LThe Chinese Constitutionalist Party, led by one of Kang Youwei's \
Chinese Constitutionalist Party (Zhongguo Xianzhengdang)
DCP
Democratic Constitutionalist Party (Minzhu Xianzhengdang)\n§LAnother iteration in the long line of parties heralding the late Qing reformers like Liang Qichao and Kang Youwei, the Democratic Constitutionalist Party can be considered the successor to the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, and through that same standard of the Progressive Party, Research Clique, and so on. United in their drive for Constitutionalism and a functioning democracy, the Democratic Constitutionalists have adopted the mantle as the \
Regionalists
Independent Regionalists and Strongmen\n§LDefeat on the battlefield has not eradicated all vestiges of warlordism in China. Across the nation, there remain plenty of hangovers from destroyed major warlord factions, whether it be petty warlord cliques who submitted to new masters at the right moment, lower ranking subordinates who were hired by the new administration, or sometimes new strongmen who arose from the ensuing power vacuum and took advantage of their affiliation with the winners. The fact that many are merely feigning loyalty to the national cause to bully and exploit the people does not mean others are not genuinely popular - even the most avaricious men of the high warlord era were careful to build strong guanxi networks spanning military, civilian, and social circles. Charismatic, connected, and often corrupt, those that survived the changing order are masters at tapping into regionalist sentiment as well as discontent with the status quo, determined to outlast efforts to purge them. Only time will tell how many generations it will take to truly eliminate the harrowing legacy of the warlord era.§!\n
YCP
Young China Party (Zhongguo Qingniandang)\n§LBorn from the student \
