National Protection Association
National Protection Association
Refused to join the NPA or was refused by the NPA
Replace §H$CHS_empowered_legislative$§! or §H$CHS_empowered_executive$§! with §H$CHS_empowered_executive_centralist$§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n
Replace §H$CHS_empowered_legislative$§! or §H$CHS_empowered_executive$§! with §H$CHS_empowered_executive_federalist$§!\nEffective Change:\n$MODIFIER_GLOBAL_BUILDING_SLOTS_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n
Merge §H$CHS_empowered_executive_centralist$§! or §H$CHS_empowered_executive_federalist$§! with §H$CHS_NPA_legacy$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.25§!\n$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
Merge §H$CHS_empowered_executive_centralist$§! or §H$CHS_empowered_executive_federalist$§! with §H$CHS_xinhai_legacy_idea$§!\nEffective change:\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$: §G+0.25§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!
This focus is a work in progress and currently has no effect.
Limited Legitimacy
Now that the North and South have been reunified, we must now begin the gargantuan task of creating a new Central Government for China. Many throughout China, especially in the recently-conquered North, do not recognise us as legitimate in the first place. It will take time and effort to prove ourselves to those who doubt us, and only then can we truly claim to have reunified China.
Overstretched Bureaucracy
Overnight, our bureaucracy went from governing a number of provinces in the south to governing the majority of China. To say that our bureaucracy is overstretched is an understatement. Our civil service will need to be expanded manifold in order to serve the newly-annexed provinces. Until then, our economy and ability to reach the people will suffer.
The New Chinese Army
Now that China has been reunited, our victorious armies are now those of the new Central Government. As such, a number of arsenals and military academies need to be integrated after decades of independent development.
Shipyards of the Republic
Legacy of the National Protection Wars
Empowered Executive
Centralist Government
Federalist Government
Unitary Presidential System
Federalist Presidential System
Legacy of the Xinhai Revolution
Empowered Legislative
Federalist Government
Centralist Government
Federal Republic
Unitary Republic
The Provisional Government
With the core of China under our control, we have set up a new Provisional Government that will work on a new, hopefully permanent, constitution and create a united Republic that will stand the test of time.
Strengthen Parliament
Democrats all over China agree that Parliament must be strengthened to secure democracy in the country and ensure that authoritarians are unable to usurp power in the young Republic once again.
Empower the Presidency
The failure of the previous republican government shows that the government's powers must be clearly defined and the importance of the presidency to ensure stability and proper governance.
Legacy of Xinhai
The Xinhai Revolution marks the birth of modern China and the Republic. It and its revolutionaries must be honoured and commemorated, as their legacy will live on as long as our Republic lives.
National Protection Legacy
The National Protection movements have become a symbol of our leaders' and armies' commitment to republicanism and constitutionalism, and they should be honoured along with the Xinhai Revolution that birthed our Republic, as they made sure that the Republic survived.
Federalist Model
The Federalist movement in China has risen and fallen several times since the Xinhai Revolution, but it remains an important movement in our provisional government. A federal system will ensure that powers are properly separated and that local affairs remain in the hands of the locals, who understand their own problems better than any central government.
Attack Provincialism
Provincialism is a tool to divide our nation into fiefdoms and federalism is an attempt to institutionalise this. The supremacy of the central government must be ensured, for it is the only way China will be properly reunited as a single nation and not a collection of local tyrants.
The New Republic
With the lessons from the old Republic, we can build a new Republic. A new order in China, one that truly respects the legacy of its founders, republicanism, constitutionalism, and democracy, will be born and, this time, endure.
Personality Cult
[Root.GetLeader] is the sole reason that the Republic of China was able to crush the monarchists, radicals, and pretenders and restore the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution. Without him, there would be no Republic, and his legacy as liberator of China will endure.
The New Bureaucracy
From ruling a province or two to ruling the core of China, our bureaucracy has been struggling to say the least. Whether we adopted a federalist or centralist model, new civil servants need to be hired and the entire service must be reorganised from scratch.
New National Assembly Election
The new government cannot hope to act legitimately as a Republic without assembling a new Parliament. New election to the National Assembly are to be held for the first time in decades (discounting illegitimate ones by the Manchu tyrants of course), helping bring legitimacy to our Provisional Government.
National Reunification
With a new National Assembly gathered and a new Constitution ratified, our government is no longer provisional, but the sole legitimate government of China. President [Root.GetLeader] will lead the nation towards National Reunification, and China will be once again united and free. Long live the Republic!
Reintegrate Academies
Military academies are scattered throughout China since before the Xinhai Revolution and have largely developed independently since the first collapse of the Qing Dynasty. They must be reintegrated and the curriculum of all officers standardised once more.
Standardised Arsenals
For several decades, the arsenals of China have been under the control of different and largely independent provincial and national governments. Now that a number of those arsenals are under our control, the logistical issues stemming from different arsenals producing different arms in different calibre for a single army are substantial and should be rectified as soon as possible.
Fate of Northern Officers
Since the defeat of the Northern warlords, we have many officers as prisoners of war. Chen Jiongming believes we should be lenient, as many of them are competent and the majority are willing to pledge their allegiance to the new Republic. Not many share this optimism, however, and that they should serve as an example as traitors to China
Small Arms Development
Despite attempts by the numerous national and provincial governments to upgrade, the most widespread rifle in service remains the venerable, yet severely obsolete, Model 88. Making the standardisation on a new, modern rifle a reality rather than a project on paper is a top priority in order to improve our lacklustre military capabilities compared to other modern militaries.
Army Motorisation
As the infrastructure of a unified China improves, not only is motorisation becoming a possibility, it is becoming a necessity due to the very size of our country. Increasing our mobility will increase our capabilities on and off the battlefield, allowing for greater flexibility and reach- especially in remote areas where bandits continue to prowl.
Artillery Modernisation
Artillery is the king of the battlefield and modern pieces were a luxury in the warlord era. With the capabilities of a united China, we can modernise our guns and bring our firepower closer to the global standard.
Army Support and Logistics
Amateurs study tactics, masters study logistics. With a country as large and varied as China, this proverb must be taken seriously - as many warlords learned the hard way. Improving our logistics will improve our armies' fighting capabilities far more than any modern firearm.
A Tank Arsenal
The development of armoured warfare has certainly been noticed in China, but to develop and use them here was but a pipe dream. Now that we are united and stronger than ever, now is the time to delve into these advanced technologies. An arsenal dedicated to armoured vehicles should be founded as an important stepping stone in China's modernisation.
Formalise Aviation Schools
While there are indeed schools for pilots in China, they are few and relatively disorganised. Formalising these schools and creating a proper curriculum for pilots and maintenance crews will help create a proper air force for China.
New Aircraft Factories
The South of the country has seen a number of small aircraft workshops created in the last decade or two, but remained fairly small, only able to repair what few planes there were. Creating proper factories is another step towards developing a fledgling aeronautics industry, a staple of the modern era.
Domestic Fighter Design
There have been a number of attempts at creating a Chinese aircraft, mostly based on foreign designs. With the help of foreign experts and an increasing pool of local technicians, we are now more than ever able to develop our own designs in the hopes of creating a modern air force to defend our skies.
Tactical Bomber Fleet
Medium tactical bombers offer versatility to an air force with the ability to accomplish different types of mission. Of course, designing such a large plane has been unheard of until now and will certainly be a challenge.
Army Air Support
Light bombers as some kind of flying artillery is the best way an air force can support land operations. It is only logical that we focus on these close-air-support crafts as we forge a modern air force.
Southern Fleet's Legacy
The Guangdong (or Southern) Fleet had a short and tumultuous history. Created in the late 19th century, its funding was siphoned towards the Nanyang Fleet in Shanghai, achieving little in the Sino-French and Sino-Japanese Wars, and was unceremoniously disbanded before the Xinhai Revolution. Nevertheless, it was one of the four modern fleets of China and its legacy endures in local memory.
Extend a Hand to Beiyang Admirals
With the reunification of the nation, the once numerous admirals and officers, alongside their knowledge and understanding, have found themselves amiss. Through an amnesty programme aimed at the old seafarers from the ashes of the Beiyang government, we can ensure that the new China can build a fleet worthy to protect its shores, and project its influence.
Revive the Naval Academies
The naval academies of China have been largely neglected through successive national and provincial governments. Now that there is a single, uncontested Central Government once more, we have the ability to renew naval interests and support a new cadre of officers for the Republican Navy.
Modern Destroyer Flotilla
Destroyers are the backbone of any modern navy, especially one as fledgling as China's. They will protect our coasts, shipping lanes and larger warships from submarines and small attack crafts.
Develop Submarines
Submarines are proving to be indispensable in modern naval warfare. For a navy as limited as ours, they may prove to be a life saver, allowing us to attack far stronger enemies by raiding their shipping lanes and harassing their larger fleets.
Cruisers for our Fleet
Cruisers are important for scouting and screening and, realistically speaking, may be the largest warships we are capable of building at this time.
Focus on Coastal Defence
It would be insane to start planning for a large fleet capable of rivaling the naval Great Powers. As such, we must focus on a more flexible navy capable to protecting our long coast and interests in the Pacific.
A Grand Fleet?
If China is to be considered a Great Power as it rightfully should be, a navy is indispensable. While it will certainly be a very long-term plan, our great navy must start somewhere and it must start now.
Naval Bomber Project
While ignored at first, naval bombers armed with torpedoes and armour-piercing bombs are quickly becoming a serious threat to even the largest warships currently at sea. This technology might be exactly what China needs: A cost-effective way of destroying a vastly-larger enemy fleet threatening our coastline.
Formation of the National Protection Alliance
For too long has Beijing betrayed the Chinese nation. From supporting dictators to monarchists, we can no longer sit idly as the north continues to erode our great nation. The provincial leaders of the south must band together once more and restore the National Protection movement to overthrow them once and for all. A new republic will bring greatness to China once more!
Long Live the Republic!
A Request from [From.GetLeader]
[From.GetLeader] has made a formal request to join the National Protection Alliance. While unity should come first against the north, it would be unwise to accept the request without properly considering the consequences of a potential betrayal.
Of course!
It would be unwise.
[ROOT.GetLeader] Accepted into the NPA
Our province has been welcomed into the National Protection Alliance. We shall now prepare for the inevitable Second Northern Expedition that will surely bring the Beijing government to their knees!
For the Republic!
[ROOT.GetLeader] Refused into the NPA
Our request has been denied; [From.GetLeader] has refused to allow us into the National Protection Alliance.
How rude!
An Invitation from [From.GetLeader]
[From.GetLeader], leader of the National Protection Alliance, has officially invited us to join the movement to overthrow the Beijing regime. The alliance, like the previous National Protection movement, is a loose one composed of varied provincial leaders with varied levels of ambition. While this will empower [From.GetLeader]'s influence in the region, it could potentially cement our own position both regionally and nationally, and a potential power struggle after taking Beijing could potentially benefit us.
We must band together!
We must decline.
[From.GetLeader] Joins!
[From.GetLeader] has accepted our offer, joining the National Protection Alliance. We are one step closer from being able to conquer the north!
Excellent!
[From.GetLeader] Refuses
[From.GetLeader] has refused to join the National Protection Alliance. We will have to deal with him later or make due without him.
Traitor!
Beijing Liberated
With the former imperial capital under the National Protection Alliance's control, we are finally able to restore the Republic and honour the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution. As the leader of the Alliance, it is our duty to proclaim a new Provisional Government and take our place as the leaders of the new Central Government of China.
Long live the Republic!
Formation of the Provisional Government
With our allies firmly behind us, we can now begin the monumental task of rebuilding China and the Republic.
Long live the Republic!
Formation of the Provisional Government
With the former imperial capital under the National Protection Alliance's control, we are finally able to restore the Republic and honour the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution. [From.GetLeader], the leader of the Alliance, has invited us to join him to create a new provisional government. This will put us firmly under his leadership and we shall support him in the great task ahead.
Very well.
[From.GetLeader] is not fit to lead!
(( Processing Power Struggle... ))
This is a hidden event. If you see this, then I, Vidyaország, have fucked up, or you cheated. Please submit a bug report if you see this. Thank you.
Beep boop
Power Struggle
The fragile alliance that was the NPA has been shattered. Some of our former allies have turned on us, declaring us incapable to leading the new Republic and our provisional government illegitimate.\n\nIt appears that another round of civil war has begun.
Traitors! Backstabbers!
(( Finalising Power Struggle... ))
This is a hidden event. If you see this, then I, Vidyaország, have fucked up (or you cheated). Please submit a bug report if you see this. Thank you.
In Year [GetYear] War Were Declared
Provisional Government Secured
With all other claimants subdued, we have secured our position as head of the provisional government. We can now begin the monumental task of rebuilding China and the Republic.
Long live the Republic!
Formation of the National Protection Association
With the formation of the Provisional Government, a number of Chinese politicians, from militarists and businessmen to shameless sycophants, have banded together to form a political party: the National Protection Association. Seeking to secure the new republic and the legacy of the National Protection movement, this pro-government party only seeks to support our policies and gather public support for them. This guarantees us many voices in the future parliament of China and significant political power as we transition from a provincial government to a national one.
A needed presence in the National Assembly.
Reinstating the Constitution of 1924
The final constitution of the Republic of China was adopted in its waning years to replace the old Provisional Constitutions. While the new one proved to be just as provisional, the new Provisional Government has, unsurprisingly, decided to reinstate it until a new one can be decided. Hopefully, the new and final Constitution will be drafted in a timely manner unlike the turbulent times of the first Republic.
It's only provisional... right?
The [GetYear] National Assembly Election
The time has come to finally elect representatives for the new legislature. Because of the political and constitutional situation, pro-government candidates run virtually unopposed due to the relatively narrow electorate and the election's boycotting by radicals. While this may not foster political pluralism, it will ensure that the legislature will support our policies, thus making sure that the Republic remains stable in its first years.
Long live the Republic!
Ultimatum from the Central Government
The new Central Government has demanded that we recognise them as the legitimate government of China. This would mean integration into the new Republic and a significant loss of autonomy.
Accept
Refuse
[From.GetLeader] Accepts
[From.GetLeader] of [From.GetNameDef] has accepted our demands and recognised us as the legitimate government of China. They will be integrated into the new Republic.
Long live China!
[From.GetLeader] Refuses
[From.GetLeader] of [From.GetNameDef] has refused to recognise us as the legitimate government of China. Their insolence will make a fine example for the others that refuse to submit.
They will pay.
National Protection Alliance
The National Protection Alliance is a loose confederation of southern warlords with the aim at overthrowing the Beijing government and restore the republican rule.
The Second Northern Expedition
Invading the North is a very difficult feat, as demonstrated by the Kuomintang's attempt that led to their demise. It will require thorough planning, secured logistics and, of course, an army united in purpose. We will succeed where the KMT has failed and reunite the nation!
[From.GetFlag] Invite [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetFlag] Secure [From.GetNameDef]
[CHI.GetFlag] Purge the Leftists
Reuniting the Country
The National Protection Alliance has restored the Republic. Now, it is time to consolidate and reintegrate the country by destroying rebellious provinces and dismantling opposing paramilitaries.
[From.GetFlag] Ultimatum to [From.GetNameDef]
The Fall of Austria
It has become increasingly clear, with both the Armee-Oberkommando (Army High Command) and the Foreign Ministry in panic, that the war with our upstart neighbours has taken a turn for the worse. With the core of the monarchy threatened, even the once-confident AOK fears the worst and that not only is the territorial integrity of the Empire no longer salvageable, but that it may already be at the doorstep of complete collapse. To save face and prevent this potential collapse, it has been suggested to the Emperor-King that we must sue for peace or face the dismantlement of the Habsburg Monarchy altogether.
It has become increasingly clear, with both the Armee-Oberkommando (Army High Command) and the Foreign Ministry in panic, that the war with our upstart neighbours has taken a turn for the worse. With the core of the monarchy threatened, even the once-confident AOK fears we are at the doorstep of complete collapse. It has been suggested to the Emperor-King that we must sue for peace—though we could possibly ask for German intervention to ensure that the core of Austria remains intact. If we do so, the Germans will undoubtedly ask for us to accept their permanent alliance and protection. Our only alternative is to place ourselves at [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetAdjective] mercy.
We are beaten. Sue for peace.
We will not surrender!
We must turn to [GER.GetNameDef] for help.
No Germans - just give our enemies whatever they want.
We don't need Germany - we fight on!
Austria Sues For Peace
Austria and Germany Sue For Peace
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies. Even the decrepit head of the rotten empire is witnessing its inevitable demise and has sued for peace. They are willing to cede all of our claims, as they are desperate to salvage what is left. With our aims achieved, there is little reason to refuse this generous offer, even if the prospect of marching through Vienna's Heldenplatz and finishing off the dying corpse of an Empire is indeed tempting.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies. Even the decrepit head of the rotten empire is witnessing its inevitable demise and has sued for peace. They are willing to cede all of our claims, as they are desperate to salvage what is left. With our aims achieved, and [From.GetNameDef] having already agreed to their offer, there is little reason to refuse, even if the prospect of marching through Vienna's Heldenplatz and finishing off the dying corpse of an Empire is indeed tempting.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies. Even the decrepit head of the rotten empire is witnessing its inevitable demise and has sued for peace. They are willing to cede all of our claims, as they are desperate to salvage what is left. With our aims achieved, there is little reason to refuse — though [From.GetNameDef] has informed us that they will continue the war. Apparently, the thought of their troops marching through Vienna's Heldenplatz and finishing off the dying corpse of an Empire is too tempting.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies, enough that they not only wish to sue for peace but have also run to the Germans for protection. [GER.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to allow us any claims which do not impede on what they consider 'core' Austrian lands, so long as we make peace. Failure to do so will mean war with the entire Reichspakt.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies, enough that they not only wish to sue for peace but have also run to the Germans for protection. [GER.GetNameDefCap] has dictated that no core Austrian lands will be annexed... which means we would get *nothing* from the treaty. This alone is an outrage, but if we refuse, it means war with the entire Reichspakt.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies, enough that they not only wish to sue for peace but have also run to the Germans for protection. [GER.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to allow us any claims which do not impede on what they consider core Austrian lands, so long as we join in with [From.GetNameDef], who has already agreed to the arrangement. Failure to do so will mean war with the entire Reichspakt.
The tyrannical Habsburg Monarchy's troops have been beaten on the field by our glorious liberating armies, enough that they not only wish to sue for peace but have also run to the Germans for protection. [GER.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to allow us any claims which do not impede on what they consider core Austrian lands - an offer that [From.GetNameDef] has already hotly refused. Do we join in with [From.GetNameDef] and go to war with the Reichspakt itself, or do we break with them and accept the German-dictated peace?
We agree to their terms.
No, we shall end the Habsburgs once and for all!
The Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name]
Delegates from the Habsburg Monarchy and [GER.GetNameDef] met with counterparts from enemy nations in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. Austria has agreed to cede all claims their enemies have on Imperial and Royal lands in exchange for peace. This humiliating defeat marks a new chapter in Habsburg history as Austria can no longer consider itself to be a Great Power. However, it may be able to salvage what is left and avoid the complete dismantling of its monarchy now that it is under German protection.
Delegates of the Habsburg Monarchy met with their enemy counterparts in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. We have agreed to cede all claims they have on Imperial and Royal lands in exchange for peace. This humiliating defeat marks a new chapter in Habsburg history as we can no longer consider ourselves to be a Great Power. However, we may be able to salvage what is left and avoid the complete dismantling of the Monarchy.
Peace at last.
Good, then it's done
[43.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
[4.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]
The Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name]
Delegates from [Root.GetNameDef] met with their Habsburg counterparts in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. In the ensuing treaty, the Austrians have ceded all our claims in exchange for peace. This is a glorious day indeed, for the Balkans are finally free from foreign interference and our ethnic brothers are finally reunited with the homeland.
Delegates from [Root.GetNameDef] met with their German and Habsburg counterparts in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. In the ensuing treaty, the Austrians have ceded all our claims - except for those in core Austrian lands - in exchange for peace. This is a glorious day indeed, for the Balkans are finally free from foreign interference and our ethnic brothers are finally reunited with the homeland.
Delegates from [Root.GetNameDef] met with their Habsburg counterparts in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. In the ensuing treaty, the Austrians have ceded all our claims in exchange for peace. This is a glorious day indeed, for Italy is finally free from the stigma of our Weltkrieg loss and our Italian brethren are finally reunited with the homeland.
Delegates from [Root.GetNameDef] met with their German and Habsburg counterparts in Budapest to hammer out the peace terms. Our gains in the ensuing treaty will be limited; Germany is determined to protect 'core' Austrian lands in the Littoral and Alto Adige which happen to mostly be Italian as well. Still, it means peace for now and no war with the Reichspakt.
A magnificent victory!
One last step towards victory.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
Our peace offer to [FROM.GetNameDef] has been unceremoniously rejected. The war will go on until one side agrees to unconditional surrender. More blood will have to be shed in order to end this merciless war.
A fight to the bitter end, then.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
Our choice to accept the peace offer from the Austrians seems to have greatly angered our erstwhile allies in [FROM.GetNameDef]. Their ambassador has declared our acceptance a \
They will regret this when the Austrians turn towards them.
The Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name]
A new chapter opens for the Habsburg Monarchy as their forces have been defeated by [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetNameDef] and her allies. Once one of the dominant forces in the Balkans, Austria has seen continuous decline for decades and, while their hollow victory in the Weltkrieg brought a brief respite, this war may have finally brought down the once-proud Empire.\n\nThe map of the Balkans and Central Europe has been redrawn once more; Austria can no longer consider herself a Great Power while her neighbours have reunited with their national brethren once firmly under Habsburg control.
A new chapter opens for the Habsburg Monarchy as their forces have been defeated by [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetNameDef] and her allies. Once one of the dominant forces in the Balkans, Austria has seen continuous decline for decades and, while their hollow victory in the Weltkrieg brought a brief respite, this war may have finally brought down the once-proud Empire.\n\nThe map of the Balkans and Central Europe has been redrawn once more, and Austria has turned to [GER.GetNameDef] for protection. It can no longer be considered a Great Power, and will be fortunate if its monarchy remains intact in the wake of this humiliation.
Austria has fallen far...
The Terms of the Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name]
According to the terms of the Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name], to which we were a signatory, we must now return control of all Austrian lands not relinquished by the Treaty.
Very well.
The Terms of the Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name]
According to the terms of the Treaty of [AUS_treaty_name], to which we were a signatory, we must evacuate all lands that were ceded to our enemies in the Belgrade Pact.
Very well.
The Austrians Near Collapse
The Austrian war against [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetNameDef] has taken a turn for the worse, and now they are on the verge of collapse. Swallowing their pride, they have come to [Root.GetNameDef] to ask for our intervention and protection. With us at the peace talks, we can ensure the Austrians are not dismantled completely, and in exchange they and their remaining subjects will join the Reichspakt alliance. This could mean becoming involved in a Balkan war, but if we ignore the situation the Balkans nations could continue their aggressive expansion... and who knows what side they'll pick in the future?
We shall intervene.
The Austrians are on their own.
The Germans Shall Intervene
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to intervene in our peace negotiations. Should [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetNameDef] refuse to make peace, they'll join the war, but otherwise their presence will be to ensure our core territory is not stripped from us. In exchange, we will dismantle the [Root.GetFactionName] and join the [GER.GetFactionName] once the talks are done.
What a relief! Let the peace talks begin!
The Germans Will Not Intervene
Unwilling to be drawn into a potential Balkans conflict, the [From.GetAdjective] government has declined to become involved in our peace talks with [AUS_belgrade_pact_leader.GetNameDef]. We are on our own.
Then we have no choice — give them whatever they want
Then we fight on to the bitter end!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Peace
Our choice to refuse the peace offer from the Austrians seems to have greatly angered our erstwhile allies in [FROM.GetNameDef]. Their ambassador has declared our refusal a \
They will regret this.
Austria Joins the Reichspakt
As a result of the failing war, the Austrians have turned to [GER.GetNameDef] for protection. They will join the Reichspakt alliance in full, and have asked us to join them. Should we refuse, we will be on our own.
Of course we will join them!
We would rather be on our own.
Joining the Reichspakt
Now that our empire has largely been dismantled, we must turn to the Germans for their alliance and protection as promised.
So be it!
$league_of_arab_states$
United by language, the Arab people have always formed a distinct group within the empires they inhabited. Some people, however, feel that this connection doesn't go far enough and that it's the destiny of the Arab world to reunite as it did in the times of the great Caliphates. They believe that through the creation of such a united Arabia, the entire region will finally experience its true renaissance and regain its rightful place in global politics.\n\nTo hasten this unification, a supranational organisation (§Y$league_of_arab_states$§!) has been created and granted significant power. Should the dream of a Pan-Arab state ever be realised however, we will need to convince the other Arab states to partake in this initiative and surrender part of their sovereignty.
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to the Arab League
\n\n$unlocks_decisions$ to invite §C[JBS.GetNameWithFlag], [HEJ.GetNameWithFlag], [SYR.GetNameWithFlag], [SAU.GetNameWithFlag]§!, and §C[YEM.GetNameWithFlag]§! to the §Y$league_of_arab_states$§!.
\n\n$unlocks_decisions$ to invite §C[JBS.GetNameWithFlag], [HEJ.GetNameWithFlag], [IRQ.GetNameWithFlag], [SAU.GetNameWithFlag]§!, and §C[YEM.GetNameWithFlag]§! to the §Y$league_of_arab_states$§!.
Unlocks a £decision_icon_small §YDecision§! to invite §C[OMA.GetNameWithFlag]§! to the §Y$league_of_arab_states$§!.
Every member of the §Y$league_of_arab_states$§!
Three random valid states
§RRefused§! to join the §Y$league_of_arab_states$§!.
Taking the Initiative
Compared to the Ottomans, our infrastructure is insufficient for a prolonged war. We must strike swiftly and decisively, ending the conflict before the enemy can regroup and fortify their defences.
Halt the Egyptian Advance
The General Staff is in disarray over the Levant Crisis, but one thing is certain: the Egyptian Army cannot sustain a prolonged war against us. A defence-in-depth strategy can wear them down, forcing them to overextend their lines - but we must turn the tide before they threaten the heartland.
Levant Crisis: on the Initiative
Levant Crisis: Initiative Lost
Levant Crisis: Counteroffensive
Paying Reparations
Railway Transport Disrupted
Operation Abu'l-A'war
Faced with the insurmountable naval dominance of the Ottoman fleet, military theorists have in cooperation with Communard attachés developed a proposal to even the playing field. As an all-out attack on the Ottoman naval station would be impossible, a more radical plan has been formed.\n\nDuring the first hours of the war, in an attempt to catch the Ottomans off guard, a detachment of naval bombers would be sent to strike the Ottoman fleet near its station at Beirut. This would subsequently be followed up by a rapid push through the Sinai and Palestine (with the assistance of Syrian cells). It is a bold plan but should it work, it might even persuade the Greek government to take a side and keep the Turks busy in the Aegean.
Operation Abu'l-A'war is a go!
The Blackburn Baffin
The pinnacle of British engineering, the Blackburn Baffin is a biplane naval bomber used by the Union of Britain. With preparations for operation Abu'l-A'war proceeding, the government of [ENG.GetLeader] has given the order to sell some of these planes to our Royal Army.\n\nTheir reliability goes without saying but many are questioning whether the planes will be able to resist Ottoman anti-air defences or their own modern and German-based airplanes.
Buy 30 of them.
This whole plan seems a waste of our resources...
Successful Raid on Beirut
Flying out under the cover of darkness, 20 Baffins successfully bombed the Ottoman fleet in its bases at Beirut. Taken by complete surprise as Turkish military command did not expect the Egyptian Army to possess naval bombers, the damage was severe. Nonetheless, losses were heavy on the Egyptian side as anti-air emplacements shot down 8 of the planes before they could drop their torpedoes with a further 7 failing to withdraw.\n\nAs the morning sun rose over the harbour, the gravity of the raid started to sink in. The former flagship of the Ottoman navy and pride of the Weltkrieg, the Yavuz Sultan Selim-i Evvel, received two direct hits and coupled with the damage endured during the last war, was not able to remain afloat. The Sultan Abdulhamid-i Sani and Istanköy also received heavy blows, knocking them out of action for at least six months.\n\nThe attack which many deemed a certain failure has instead become a colossal victory for the Egyptians, causing great consternation from the Greek government and sending shockwaves as far as Cyprus.
We will avenge our fallen brothers!
Onwards to final victory!
Failed Raid on Beirut
Sixteen Baffins would leave their base on the Mediterranean in the early morning and only 1 would return unscathed. The catastrophe started right at the beginning when instead of the planned 20 only 16 were able to take off. Those that did successfully depart would see their numbers further reduced when heavy weather blew them off course and towards the Palestinian harbour of Haifa. Mistaking a German freighter for an Ottoman destroyer and intercepted by an Ottoman fighter squadron, 5 more planes were shot out of the sky with no damage to military installations. The remaining 11 quickly turned North in an attempt to reach Beirut but Turkish pilots succeeded in repelling their attack. A singular bi-plane was able to return unscathed to its base near Alexandria after it broke away from the main squadron following the failed raid on Haifa.\n\nMany had expected that a successful attack would be highly unlikely but with such a crushing defeat dealt to the Egyptian air force, morale has plummeted. The cat is out of the bag however and as gendarmerie in Haifa inspects the damage, Egyptian troops cross the Suez. War has arrived at last.
Tonight we dine in Cairo!
We will never forget their sacrifice!
The Third Arab Congress
After the first Arab Congress of 1913 in the buildings of the Parisian Société de Géographie, the Arab nationalist movement has seen a steady rise. Changing from the initially reformist ideas ushered by its founders who wanted to tackle the status of Arabs within the Ottoman Empire, the Second Arab Congress of 1927 showed the new direction the wind was blowing. Hosted in Cairo just after the successful Egyptian revolution and Ottoman betrayal at the Suez, the dialogue was now controlled by radicals and greater Arab nationalists. Members of Al-Fatat, Hashemite exiles, Algerian revolutionaries, Palestinian desperados all came to the gathering to definitively shift the ideas of Arab nationalism. With the Italian threat dealt with and British presence in the Middle East almost fully eradicated due to the actions of Arab heroes in 1925, attention now shifted back to the Turks.\n\nAlthough the Second Congress didn't get any further than a few strongly worded letters and resolutions no one cared about, this is no longer true. The collapse of the German economy and the growing political instability in the Ottoman Empire have created a new sense of urgency across the entire Middle East. This Third Arab Congress will ultimately be little but a thinly masked attempt to combine all Arab efforts and eradicate the Turkish presence within the Mashriq. From Libya to the sands of the Arabian desert, many anxiously await the course our new King will set.
Send out the invitations
Invitation to the Third Arab Congress
Organised by the Egyptian government in Cairo, the Third Arab Congress plans to unite all Arab struggles and determine the direction it needs to go in. With much of the Mashriq still suffering under the rule of the Sublime Porte and with the Arabs of the Maghreb living in a French slave state, it is clear that we as the only independent Arab powers need to combine our strengths and strive for the liberation of our brethren.
To Cairo we go!
[FROM.GetName] Has Accepted Our Invitation
As the inhabitants of the only other independent Arab state and with the Porte greatly interested in its dealings, the government of [FROM.GetLeader] has sent its representatives to Cairo. Interested to see whether we will turn our words into actions, an important member of the dynasty was sent with them to add gravitas to the discussion.
Welcome!
Yemen Sends Representatives
Despite serving as a de jure part of the Sublime Porte and refusing to assist during the Arab Revolt of 1916, it is no secret that the Yemeni foster little warm feelings for their government in Kostantiniye. Imam [YEM.GetLeader] has therefore sent his own representative to Cairo despite a warning of the Porte not to do so.\n\nUnlike some of our other Arab allies however, Yemen does not share our ambitions and remains focused inwards. Should the Ottoman government offer them a better deal than us, it would surprise no one that the Imam would bail on our plans.
At least they came...
Iran Sends a Delegation
Despite not receiving an invitation to the Conference in protest to the treatment of the Khuzestan Arabs under the new government, Iran has decided to send a delegation to Cairo.\n\nA protest in the streets of Cairo, organised by Iraqi political exiles and with support from the Ittihad party, was unable to deter King Farouk I who stressed the importance of Islamic solidarity in these trying times. After a short kerfuffle, the delegation was granted a seat at the table in the hopes of encouraging an open debate.
We welcome the right honourable gentlemen from Teheran
We deserved that seat!
Idris I Arrives in Cairo
Leader of the Senussi order and opponent of the Ottoman-backed Ahmed Sharif I, the exiled Idris has arrived in Cairo. Backing the Entente during the Weltkrieg in their struggles on Libyan ground, the leader of the Senussi order was forced to flee into Egypt when the Italian front collapsed. By many Libyans he is however still seen as the legitimate ruler of their nation and over the years he has steadily been preparing resistance cells for his return.
A true hero!
The Delegation from Syria Takes the Floor
Representing the secret organisations of Beirut and Damascus, a variety of political exiles from the Greater Syria region have attended the conference to attack Ottoman practices in their native home. The Palestinian issue featured most prominently in their speeches as they see the continued existence of the Mutasarrifate of Jerusalem as a slap in the face of Muslims across the world. Syria has to be freed from Turkish tutelage which serves nothing but the treasury of [OTT.GetLeader].\n\nLess radicalised speakers were also given the floor, with even Maronite Arabs allowed to give their say on the matter. Preaching a dialogue between the various people of the Greater Syrian region and even considering an arrangement with the Jewish settlers, the debate became quite heated. After a representative from Jaffa threw a sandal at his colleague from Aleppo, a short recess was announced and the perpetrator removed from the room.
We support the Syrian people!
The Delegation from Iraq Takes the Floor
After the speaker from Jerusalem finished his speech about the threat that Zionism poses to us all, the floor was granted to the delegation from Iraq. Announcing their support for our brethren in Palestine, they urged the people in the room not to ignore a second threat to the Arab people. The Iranian nation may be trying to paint itself as a friend of the Arabs but it goes without saying that it only does so to weaken its rival in Anatolia and exploit the Iraqi Arabs after the sand has settled.\n\nBefore the representative from Mosul could finish his speech however, the Iranian delegation rose up to protest against their accusations. Should we not focus on our common enemies instead of creating new ones before the first one has been dealt with? As the temperature in the room for the second time rapidly started rising, another brief recess was announced.
To a free and Arab Iraq!
Ghazi ibn Faisal Attends the Conference
Son of Arab hero Faisal ibn Hussein who commanded the Hashemite forces during their revolt in 1916, Ghazi ibn Faisal was sent to Egypt in 1920 by his grandfather Sharif Hussein when Ottoman troops marched on Mecca. Taken under the wing of Fuad I, the shy and inexperienced boy became a rallying point for Hashemite sympathisers who fled Hejaz when the Ottoman wali was installed.\n\nUsed to a life of luxury at the Egyptian court, with his various escapades published in the papers, many Hejazi see him as disillusioned and removed from the political realities of the region. His calls for a second Hejazi Revolt and an Arab state stretching from Mecca to Baghdad, whilst very passionate and only briefly interrupted by a poem he wrote to honour his father, have been almost entirely disregarded by the other representatives. When his speech was finally over all representatives clapped politely.
We honour the Hashemite heroes!
Farouk I Condemns the Zionist Settlers
After hearing the tragic accounts of Palestinian Arabs suffering at the hands of the international gendarmerie and seeing the latest 'data' on Jewish immigration, King Farouk I finally took to the stage. Condemning the vile deeds his brothers of the faith had to endure, he promised the Syrian delegation his full support and promised that the Palestinian people would soon be liberated. A grand applause followed when all representatives gave him a standing ovation.\n\nNews of his speech was received less well by the significant Jewish community in Egypt itself. These Jews who enjoy fairly good living conditions and political freedom under the Egyptian state are now afraid that this open attack on the 'Jewish menace' in Palestine could send shockwaves in their direction.
We support the Palestinian people!
Idris Pleads for Help
After the speech of Farouk I, the conference has taken a different turn. The charade of a cultural conference to celebrate the Arab people has been replaced with the open discussion of actions to be undertaken against those that threaten the Arab people.\n\nThe exiled Libyan leader Idris I has been building up support for well over a decade and with Ottoman garrisons in Libya becoming careless as heated political debate overtakes the capital, he plans to strike within the year and oust Ahmed Sharif I. Hearing all the kind and passionate words from the other representatives, it is now time to turn these into guns, manpower and donations to ensure his struggle is successful.
We support Idris!
We can't spare anything.
The Egyptian Ambitions
With representatives from all corners of the Arab world brought together in Cairo, the time has come to show our hands and dictate the course we will be setting. We will have to tread carefully as the multitude of political groups and resistance cells which our operation relies on if we wish to keep the Arab states united behind us after their liberation.
Egypt strives for the incorporation of the Levant.
Egypt wishes to liberate the Arab people!
Egypt Announces Its Goals
With representatives from all corners of the Arab world brought together in Cairo, Egypt has finally dropped the curtain on its grand designs. As some had already feared - and others hoped - [EGY.GetLeader] has announced his ambitions to incorporate the Levant within his Kingdom. The matter of Iraq was left open but hinting at the creation of a friendly Arab regime in the region. Hejaz would furthermore be ceded to their allies on the peninsula as a payment for their help in the coming war.\n\nMany of the Syrian delegation left the conference in anger as they claim that this is just putting Syria under new management instead of granting it the self-government its people are so clearly demanding. Hejazis are not too keen either on the scheme as they see their brethren of the Arabian Desert as underdeveloped and uncultured barbarians who will do more bad than good to the relatively rich coastland.
Let's hope their hubris won't be our downfall.
Egypt Announces Its Goals
With representatives from all corners of the Arab world brought together in Cairo, Egypt has finally dropped the curtain on its grand designs. Promoting self-government amongst the Arab states, they will strive to retain the various constituents of Arabia as individual units that can decide on their own whether to join a larger Arab state.\n\nRepresentatives from Iraq, Syria and Hejaz are pleased that they will retain the right to determine their future but on the Peninsula enthusiasm is far less high. Not only would they see no rewards from their participation in the war but furthermore they would have to contend with a powerful Hejazi state.
This will be interesting, to say the least.
Iran Leaves the Conference
As the final resolution of the Conference seems to imply an independent Iraq free from Iranian influence, the Iranian delegation has left in anger. Whether this will impact their decision to take part in the war with the Sublime Porte or - Allah forbid - take the Turkish side remains unclear but it has left a sour taste.
They weren't invited anyhow!
Reason is not something the Arabs understand!
Creation of the Cairo Pact
Enclosed in the final resolution of the Conference, there is the promise by all attendants to join arms should any of them end up at war with the Turks. This resolution which lays the foundation of a military alliance, has been called the 'Cairo Pact' and marks the creation of the first such treaty in Modern Arab history.
We will join the Cairo Pact in due time.
We refrain from signing.
To a prosperous Arabia!
We will join as soon as we can.
The Conference Draws to an End
As the sun sets on the Nile, Farouk I closes the conference with another speech. Thanking all representatives for their attendance, it is to all apparent what a formidable display of Egyptian power this really was. Arabs from all groups and social standings have come to be awed by the wealth of Egypt and revel in the freedom that this truly independent Arab state provides. Furthermore Egypt has attempted to unite the different forces in the region and push them all towards an ideology most favourable to the Egyptian state itself.
Look at those fireworks!
Attend the Third Arab Congress?
Hosted by the predominant Arab power, the Kingdom of Egypt, it has long become clear to us that just like us Cairo has been trying to gauge Ottoman responsiveness and its possible strength in a future conflict.\n\nAlthough we have not received an invitation to their grand Arab Congress, it may be necessary for us to force entry to the negotiations if we are to have a voice on the future status of Iraq and the Mashriq in its entirety.
Send a delegation to Cairo!
It is pretty clear that they do not want our presence.
The Cairo Congress
Leaders of many countries within the Middle east from [PER.GetNameDef] to Arabia to Cyrenaica have gathered in Cairo to discuss the Ottoman issue.\n\nMany predict that Egypt will dominate the Congress as she lays out a plan for the Middle East without the Ottoman Empire. However, time will tell if this will be just sowing the seeds for conflict or peace.
I wonder where I've seen this before...
Levant Crisis
Arab nationalism and Turkish imperialism have finally found themselves at odds as talks over the Sinai-Palestine issue have collapsed after Egypt marched its army through the Sinai desert. Nominally united until 1914, the two leading powers in the Middle East are now set on a course to decide the destiny of the region. Even as the Egyptians can count on an array of allies in the other Arab states, many fear that it won't be enough as the military and economic capacity of the Turkish Empire for now still vastly outclasses that of its rival.\n\nForeign investors are watching the conflict with fear, as the oil reservoirs of the Middle East have become more important than ever with the collapse of authority in the United States.
But what about the oil?
We can't let the Empire fall.
Rebellion in the Yemen
The Weltkrieg caused tremendous damage to the already struggling Ottoman Empire. Large sections of the Arabian peninsula were cut off from the Sublime Porte's rule for years due to the successes of the Arab Revolt. All the same, with the Treaty of Hanover the Yemeni vilayet was to some extent brought back under Ottoman rule - at least in theory.\nFor many years Yemen has mostly run its own affairs, with the Sultan's gaze fixed firmly on his own domestic troubles. With conflict erupting in the Suez and across the Holy Land, Yemen has once more been cut off from the bulk of the Ottoman army. Taking advantage of this opportunity, combined with perceptible weakness of the Ottoman state, the Imam has publicly declared the creation of a new independent kingdom.
Another blow to the Sultan.
The Cypriot Rebellion
Returned to Turkish rule in the aftermath of the British collapse, the predominantly Greek Orthodox island of Kibris or Cyprus never had a good relation with the Porte. Their secession movement which has as its sole purpose Enosis (reunification with Greece) has been steadily gaining support and power over the last few years until it culminated earlier today with an open assault on the governor offices of the Ottoman administration.\n\nLed by Archbishop Leontios II, the island has been shaken up by violence and terrorism as agents from the Greek government have started to infiltrate the island to aid the rebels.
How much more can the Ottomans endure?
Those pesky Greeks.
The Second Arab Revolt
Home of the First Arab Revolt under Sharif Hussein ibn Ali, the people of the Hejaz have once more risen up against their Turkish overlords. Unlike similar movements in Syria, however, it is far less likely that this revolt will see much success as hawks from the Arab interior look onto what they see as an easy prey.\n\nTalks with Egypt concerning possible entry to the Cairo Pact have been started, but it is likely that their entry will be vetoed by other ambitious Arab warlords.
Let us hope they have more success this time.
They will be crushed!
The Great Syrian Revolt
Buckled under Turkish rule, the Arab people of Greater Syria have finally decided to throw off the yoke and have joined their Arab brethren in Cairo. Fighting for the liberation of the Mashriq and the creation of a new, Arab Middle East, Syrians from all religions and ethnic groups are uniting to rid themselves of Turkish rule.\n\nAmbitions of individual leaders and disagreements between the various partners of the Cairo Pact, however, may lead to issues should the common threat be dealt with, as the ideas of Greater Syrian independence aren't compatible with Farouk's designs of an Arab state ruled from Cairo.
Another blow to the Sublime Porte.
Their cause is hopeless.
War over Khasab
An enclave of the Muscati state, the peninsula of Khasab is one of the most crucial positions in the Middle East. Singlehandedly having the capacity to completely cut off the Strait of Hormuz, thus cutting Iran and Iraq off from the world economy, it has been a thorn in the side of both [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and Teheran.\n\nNaval manoeuvres by the Persian fleet around the Strait have led to a rise in tensions, culminating in the military occupation of the enclave by Teheran, which has prompted an ultimatum from the Sublime Porte. Receiving no answer, the Ottoman fleet opened fire on Khasab in the early morning, thus commencing hostilities between the two regional powers.
The Middle East descends further into chaos.
The Barzinji Insurrection
Leader of two failed attempts in Sulaymaniyah to carve out a Kurdish kingdom, the infamous Sheikh Mahmud Barzinji has once more declared the independence of his Kurdish state, drawing support from various tribes in Sulaymaniyah. Although a ceasefire was brokered between Teheran and [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], limiting support for Kurdish movements on either side of the border, it seems Iran has pulled out of the agreement.\n\nDespite foreign support, it seems unlikely that Mahmud's revolt will succeed, as, even amongst the Kurdish tribes, few see him as the legitimate ruler of Kurdistan.
Good luck!
Without allies, they are lost.
War over the Shatt-al-Arab
Signed in 1913 under the guidance of the British and Russian attachés to Constantinople and Teheran, the Shatt-al-Arab protocol was supposed to solve the centuries-old border conflict between the Ottoman and Persian Empire by delineating the Tigris-Euphrates delta.\n\nClaiming the treaty as unjust and favouring the Ottomans, Iran has issued an ultimatum to the Turks demanding a large swath of land \
Another Persian-Ottoman war for the history books...
The Armenian Uprising
Serving under Ottoman military occupation for close to two decades, the Armenian resistance has used the war between [TUR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] and Teheran to reassert Armenian independence, driving out the Ottoman garrison and raising their flag in rebellion.\n\nAlthough many question the viability of the revolt, stuck between a rock and a hard place, their courage and determination have not gone unnoticed abroad, with many nations in the socialist bloc immediately recognising their independence.
Good luck!
Nothing but a distraction.
Levant Crisis
End of an Era
As the Arab forces push through the Taurus Mountains into Anatolia, we must concede that the golden days of the Sublime Porte are now definitively over. Refusing to give up their homes, various Turkish and Kurdish irregular organisations are waging a war of resistance in the south of Anatolia, but their attempts will likely be in vain. Therefore the Sultan has called the cabinet to his side to discuss terms of an armistice and afterwards of surrender.\n\nTalking in the grand halls of Dolmabahce Palace, the gathered men can only ponder the future of their once immense empire as air raid alarms blare near the Galata Tower and families, with tears in their eyes, wave their goodbyes to sons and fathers headed for the Anatolian front.
Dark times are ahead of us
The Treaty of Antalya
What once may have seemed impossible has finally happened, as the crumbling remnants of the Ottoman army officially surrendered at 16:15 hours today to the armies of [EGY.GetLeader]. With this victory, however, comes a new phase of doubt and envy as the rich lands of the Mashriq will now find themselves carved up between the various partners of our alliance. They will expect us to keep our promises and are likely to react poorly to any attempts to stifle their self-determination.
Support the Syrian regime
The Levant belongs to Cairo!
Egypt Accepts the Ottoman Surrender
Taking charge of the surrender negotiations, the regime in Cairo has signed peace in our name and carved up the Ottoman Empire like a turkey. In accordance with our claims, they have granted us considerable concessions from the Sublime Porte and hope to maintain friendly relations in the future.
A time for healing
We desire more land!
The Status of Syria
With our victory in the Levant assured, the time has come to determine the future of Syria. Whilst the local population is heavily supportive of the interim republican regime that has been set up in the former Ottoman lands, many in Egypt believe a partnership of equals isn't in their best interests and are instead urging for the installation of a puppet regime spearheaded by a member of the royal family, which will do its best to extract as much from the new lands as possible for the benefit of Cairo.
Syria shall be our partner
Syria lacks guidance and we can provide it!
Damascus will guide the Arab world! (Play as Syria)
Egypt Betrays Us!
Had we had such a clear view on Egyptian treachery before we agreed to partake in their imperialist schemes, we may have never sent thousands of our fathers, sons and brothers to their needless deaths.\n\nNot only has Egypt blocked us from any substantial gains in the war, they are furthermore taking steps to strengthen our enemies and rivals, betraying the trust we placed into their hands. It is a dark day for our people.
Cut all ties with Cairo!
We have no choice but to accept this
Participation in the New World Order
With Ottoman power decisively crushed, it took less than a month for Egypt to take their position as supreme power in the Arab world. Yemen, throughout history being part of its own sub-region instead of the grander Mashriq, never intended for the unification of the Arab peoples, nor for the creation of a new supranational structure to decide on its policies and decrees. Therefore, there has been strong pushback from both the population and the ruling class to withdraw from the Cairo Pact before it stops being a temporary alliance and more a federation led by Cairo.
Yemen stands alone!
We will stand together with our Arab brethren
The Iraqi Declaration of Independence
Distanced from the main fighting in the Levant, parts of the Ottoman Sixth Army and Iraqi notables have ever since the nearing collapse of Ottoman authority plotted a quick and peaceful transition of power to a new, Iraqi, state. An alliance of Northern Sunnis and Southern Shiites, the main aim of this state is not to form a unified religious or ethnic state, but to thwart Iranian aggression in the Levant and to ensure that the Arabic-speaking lands of Mesopotamia remain outside of the authority of Teheran.\n\nOfficials in Egypt were quick to recognise the new state, a move that, some observers have noted, might soon lead to war between the two regional powers, stating that the self-determination of the Arab peoples is in the best interests of everyone and that it is not up to Persians to decide on the matters of Arabs.
Congratulations!
Baghdad shall guide the Arab world! (Play as Iraq)
Our Finest Hour
The moment we feared for years has finally arrived. Our numerous enemies have bonded together and sallied forth in an effort to liberate the Middle East from our so-called oppression. We will however not go gently into the dark night and will throw everything we have at the invaders to preserve the House of Osman and the Empire that may last a thousand years.
To arms!
End of the Empire
With chaos reigning supreme in our ranks and the Middle East lost to foreign invaders, Turkish nationalists have rallied behind their cause and deposed the Sultan. While it is unclear what will happen next to our now disintegrated empire, one can only assume it will not be pleasant.
Long Live Turkey!
The Death of Abbas II
Cries could be heard in the Royal Palace in Cairo last night as the great Khedive, Abbas II, passed on to the afterlife. The Khedive, whose life has been rocked by first navigating the muddy waters of the British occupation was radically changed when during the Weltkrieg he was deposed by the British occupiers and replaced by his brother.\n\nAlthough Egypt would soon afterwards regain its independence, there would be no place for the former Khedive, seen by the establishment as an Ottoman traitor and far less pliable than his successor. Ottoman military might would change this as their resounding victory in the Levantine war restored the exiled Khedive to his throne.\n\nWith his death, the throne has passed to his son Muhammad Abdel I, who had been groomed as heir for many years and who will hopefully guide Egypt towards a better future.
Good luck!
Mustafa Kemal Takes Up Command
Although our Grand Vizier resigned from the army to pursue a career in politics, it is well known that the Pasha never really abandoned the army, and always maintained close relations with the armed forces, even personally directing operations in Iraq and Eastern Anatolia. Now that the Empire once more finds itself entangled in a large-scale war against enemies on all sides, the Vizier has declared in the Ottoman Parliament that he will once more take up his position in the army and lead us, like he did in the Weltkrieg, to final victory.\n\nNone doubt the strategic genius of the man, but a few were quick to point out that this is in direct contradiction to an Ottoman law the Vizier himself signed, which forbids holding both a political and military mandate. Furthermore, the health of our Vizier, buckled under severe stress and bad habits, has taken a plunge in recent years and caused various figures in the army to question whether the Vizier can really endure the Spartan lifestyle of the Ottoman army.
Guide us to victory, Ghazi!
Military and political affairs should remain separate
Formation of the Eretz Israel Defence Forces
With their settlements under attack and the entire future of the Zionist project in jeopardy, various Jewish groups have taken it upon themselves to form a militia army and ward off Arab offensives. Heavily outnumbered, outgunned, and with even the most diehard Zionists questioning their odds, one of their main leaders, David Ben-Gurion, has approached the Ottoman army in Syria with an offer of cooperation.\n\nAlthough the Ottoman army would normally automatically refuse their offer for support, fearing that it would cause great unrest amongst its Muslim foot soldiers, the ever-escalating crisis in Syria has made the Ottoman high command seriously reconsider their position. Besides Ottoman doubts about the possible risks involved in cooperating with the Zionists, it furthermore remains unclear what power Ben-Gurion really has over his forces, with extremist organisations such as the Irgun unlikely to ever compromise with the Ottoman authorities.
One struggle!
We do not want nor need their assistance!
The Cypriot Issue
Although our armies stand victorious over the Arab and Persian hordes, the predominantly Greek island of Kibris continues to prove itself as thorn in our side after they ousted the Ottoman garrison during the early stages of the war. With our armies unable to make a dent in their well-defended positions and a successful naval invasion growing more and more unlikely by the day, the Cypriot temporary government has extended an offer of peace. Demanding that we recognise their independence, they promise to work out a suitable arrangement for the Turkish minority on the island, possibly proposing a population exchange which would include some of the remaining Greek communities in Anatolia.\n\nMany in the army however have reacted with anger to this proposal, pointing out that with the threat in the East and South gone, they will soon make short work of these troublesome upstarts. After all, Kibris is and shall always remain a Turkish island!
Let's spare ourselves the embarrassment...
Muster the armies, ready the ships and launch all fighters, Kibris shall be ours in a fortnight!
Our Relations with Cairo
With the downfall of the Ottoman Empire, Egypt has thrust itself into a new position of prominence, taking up the mantle of the leader of the Arab world. However, this has caused significant concern from our populace, as many are afraid that this development shall change our fundamental relationship with the Cairo Regime from mutual cooperation to that of a tributary, and that continued membership in their alliance will put in jeopardy the autonomy we have shed so much blood to gain.
Tripolitania shall stand on its own legs!
Egyptian protection is required for our continued existence.
[PER.GetNameDefCap] Annexes Iraq
In a blatant display of aggression, our former 'allies' have denied the peaceful and kind-hearted Iraqi population their right for self-determination and have instead swallowed them up whole in their cheap caricature of the Ancient Persian Empire. Naturally this has engulfed the entire Mashriq in protests and political actions, demanding of its governments to fight the Shiite oppressors. Youngsters, often armed with their forefathers' 19th-century rifles at best are amassing in resistance movements and militias, crossing the Iraqi border in the darkness of the night to assist their Arab brethren in their most righteous cause.
They must evacuate the region immediately!
We'd rather not fight the Persians...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demands the Liberation of Iraq
Outraged by our perhaps rash act, their government demands an immediate withdrawal of our forces from the Iraqi region and grant the Iraqi population their right to self-determination as agreed upon at the Third Arab Congress only a few months earlier.
If they want Iraq, they can fight for it.
We cannot fight them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Demands
The heretics of the East have seemingly refused our demands, stating that they are perfectly within their rights to occupy foreign territory—citing Egypt's annexation of Sudan—and have shown that they are willing to die fighting for it, if need be. Still, they would much rather prefer a peaceful resolution, one in which they retain all their goals and we sacrifice ours.
Then war it shall be.
Drop the matter.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Withdraws from Iraq
As was expected, the cowering Iranian dogs have withdrawn from Iraq when faced with the full brunt of our united Arab potential. Let this incident be a warning to all that the Arab world stands together and will let no foreign group, be it Turk or Persian, decide its fate!
Excellent!
(Play as Iraq)
Victory Against [EGY.GetNameDef]
Obvious right from the start, it seems that the Egyptian dogs can bark but lack the capacity to bite and in showing our formidable strength, we have bloodied their noses. Their armies are crushed on the battlefield and our hold over Iraq has never been stronger. Now is the time to force Egypt to the negotiation table and once and for all decide the fate of Iraq.
Faltering War Effort!
The war against Egypt began with promises of a decisive campaign in which the enemy's army would be utterly annihilated, politicians and generals alike assured the public of imminent victory, but now, these increasingly appear to be nothing more than false hopes. Our armies have been pushed out of Iraq, while Egyptian forces draw closer to the Iranian heartland day by day. With victory out of our grasp, top military and political leaders have urged [PER.GetLeader] to negotiate a conditional surrender, so that we may preserve what we have left.
Demand Egypt recognise our gains.
No, we shall crush them!
We must end this war.
We can still win this!
Peace with [FROM.GetNameDef]?
All of the Arab world weeps in joy as the cowardly Iranian vermin surrenders its control over Iraq to our united forces. Radio broadcasts throughout the entire region are filled with patriotic music and messages of support whilst on every town square from Tripoli to Mosul, people celebrate the great victories of our armies.
Although we started off well, it seems that the Persians were able to outperform our armies on the field of battle. Suffering defeat after defeat, we have little choice now but to surrender Iraq to their clutches. It is truly a dark day for the Arab world.
We accept their terms.
No, they shall be crushed!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Peace
With a heavy heart, the Egyptian diplomats were forced to sign the Baghdad treaty and have recognised our rule over Iraq as legitimate. Celebrations all throughout Iran have erupted in response whilst in Cairo a sombre mood has taken over the city. It is unlikely that this will be the end of our troubles in the region but for now Iran stands victorious.
With a heavy heart, our diplomats were forced to sign the humiliating Baghdad treaty, recognising the independence of Iraq. Celebrations all throughout the Arab world have erupted in response whilst in Teheran a sombre mood has taken over the city. Whilst they may celebrate tonight, Iran will have its revenge...
Excellent.
We had no choice.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
In their foolhardiness, the Egyptian forces have refused to accept our terms and have sworn that they will not stop until the total destruction of Persia has been achieved. An absurd idea, our own generals have announced that they are more than ready for their challenge and that it will be Cairo that burns at the end of this fight.
A fight to the death, then.
Georgia Occupies Batum
Benefiting from our temporary moment of weakness, the Georgian rats have used this opportunity to enact a border correction in their favour. The crucial harbour of Batum, largest east of Trebizond and the main harbour of the Western Caucasus, was attacked in a coordinated strike by the Georgians as their navy cut off its naval access and infantry battalions paraded through the streets. Although an Ottoman garrison was present in the city and still has not surrendered, no fire has been exchanged just yet as the Sublime Porte debates whether it should retaliate in force or concede the city to the Georgians.
Seems like Georgia has a lesson to learn!
A coordinated withdrawal would be in our best interests
Ottomans Withdraw from Batum
Without firing a shot, our army has succeeded in retaking the historically Georgian port of Batum as the Ottoman garrison in the city was ordered by Kostantiniye to withdraw towards Rize. Although this a grand victory for Georgia, not all are convinced by the choice to kick the Turks whilst they are down. Pointing out dark shadows up North, they fear that should the Turks survive their ordeal, the sovereignty of all Georgia might have just been compromised.
A glorious day!
The Ottomans Hold in Batum
Surprisingly, and in spite of the dire circumstances they are currently in, the Porte has chosen to hold fast in Batum, and has issued an ultimatum for our troops to leave or face war. If we are to regain the port of Batum, our only choice left now is to officially declare war on [FROM.GetNameDef] which, however, is most likely to anger our allies.
War it is, then.
We should give in and withdraw to our territory.
The Question of Conscription
The current war threatens to remove the Ottoman Empire from the map forever. No one calling themselves a man can stay at home when his homeland is threatened. If they do not go freely, it is time for the laws to change, and give them some motivation.
Our enemies are numerous, and so must we be. Luckily conscription is already in place across the Empire, leaving us well prepared to face both fronts in this war. With both superior numbers and equipment, we will make easy work of the upstarts trying to destroy the House of Osman.
The Sultan calls.
We were well prepared.
Guinea
Guinean
Guinea
Union of Guinea
the Union of Guinea
Union of Guinea
the Union of Guinea
Union of Guinea
the Union of Guinea
Fuuta Jaloo
Jaloo
Fuuta Jaloo
Elhadj Abdoulaye Diallo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1916, in Konsondougou, Colony of Guinea, French West Africa§!
Albert Liurette
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1904, in Kouta, Colony of French Guinea§!
Koumandian Keita
§YBorn:§! §L1916, in the Colony of Guinea, French West Africa§!
Yacine Diallo
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1897, in Labé, Colony of French Guinea§!
Georges Olivier
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1870, in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône, French Empire§!
Louis-Placide Blacher
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1883, in Saint-Pierre, Colony of Martinique§!
Elhadj Camara Baba
§YBorn:§! §L1915, in Kissidougou, Colony of Guinea, French West Africa§!
Aguibou Mody
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Imamate of Futa Jallon§!
Barry Diawadou
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1916, in Dabola, Colony of Guinea, French West Africa§!
Tierno Abdourahmani
§YBorn:§! §L1916, in Donghol Thiernoya, Colony of Guinea, French West Africa§!
Karamoko Dalen
§YBorn:§! §L1871, in Satina, Imamate of Futa Jallon§!
Reymond Sarif Easmon
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1913, in Freetown, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
Ivory Coast
Ivorian
the Ivory Coast
Félix Houphouët-Boigny
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1905, in Yamoussoukro, Colony of the Ivory Coast, French West Africa§!
Mali
Malian
Mali
Malian Commune
the Malian Commune
Malian Commune
the Malian Commune
Malian Commune
the Malian Commune
Modibo Keïta
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1915, in Bamako, Colony of Upper Senegal and Niger, French West Africa§!
Mamadou Konaté
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Kati, Colony of Sudan, French West Africa§!
Mamby Sidibé
§YBorn:§! §L1891, in Niamefero, Colony of Sudan, French West Africa§!
Émile Bélime
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 28th, 1883, in Villeurbanne, Rhône, French Republic§!
Hamallah ibn Muhammad al-Tishiti
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in the Colony of French Sudan§!
Noukoun Kone
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 16th, 1909, in Ségou, Colony of Sudan, French West Africa§!
Mauritania
Mauritanian
Mauritania
Trarza
Trarzan
the Emirate of Trazra
Horma Ould Babana
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1912, in Mederdra, Colony of Mauritania§!
Sidi el-Mokhtar N'Diaye
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1916, in Atar, Colony of Mauritania§!
Merebbi Rebbu
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1881, in Tiris, Colony of Rio de Oro§!
Ahmed al-Hiba
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1877, in Smara, Saguia el-Hamra, Sultanate of Morocco§!
Niger
Nigerien
Niger
Boubou Hama
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in Fonéko Tédjo, Colony of Upper Senegal and Niger, French West Africa§!
Ibrahim Niass
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1900, in Tayba Ñaseen, Colony of Upper Senegal, French West Africa§!
Sultan Barma Mustapha
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Sultanate of Damagaram§!
Mohamadou Djibrilla Maïga
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1908, in Colman, Colony of Upper Senegal, French West Africa§!
Senegambia
Senegambian
Senegambia
Jolof State
Jolofi
the Jolof State
Sierra Leone
Sierra Leonean
Sierra Leone
Banja Tejan-Sie
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 7th, 1917, in Moyamba, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
George Giffard
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1886, in Englefield Green, Surrey, England§!
Lashmer Whistler
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1898, in Kasauli, Province of the Punjab, British India§!
John Karefa-Smart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1915, in Rotifunk, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
Amadu Wurie
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1898, in Gbinti, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
Mohammad Sanusi Mustapha
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1903, in Freetown, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
Isaac Wallace-Johnson
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Freetown, Colony and Protectorate of Sierra Leone§!
Sudan
Sudanese
the Sudan
Imamate of Sudan
the Imamate of Sudan
Imamate of Sudan
the Imamate of Sudan
Imamate of Sudan
the Imamate of Sudan
Imamate of Sudan
the Imamate of Sudan
Abd al-Rahman al-Mahdi
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1885, in Omdurman, Mahdist Sudan§!
Ali Abd al-Latif
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Wadi Halfa, Condominium of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan§!
El Ferik Ibrahim Abboud
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1900, in Suakin, Condominium of Anglo-Egyptian Sudan§!
Togoland
Togolese
Togoland
Togo
the Togolese Republic
Togo
the Togolese Republic
Togo
the Togolese Republic
Togo
Togo
Tunisia
Tunisian
Tunisia
Tunisian Commune
the Tunisian Commune
Tunisian Commune
the Tunisian Commune
Tunisian Commune
the Tunisian Commune
Ogaden War: Attack Phase
Ogaden War: Defence Phase
Attack on Ogaden
It is high time we ended the illegal occupation of the borderlands and freed them from Somali domination once and for all. Our troops are massing on the border, and while the Somali forces likely expect little more than another round of light skirmishes, this time we are coming at them with full force.
In the last war, the Ethiopians pushed us from our positions, and they probably delude themselves into thinking that their victory is to last. It is anything but, and our forces are more than ready to show them who is the true king of the Horn!
Forward!
Tactical Victory in Ogaden
The latest reports from the front are in, and they tell of our triumph! The Somali forces are scattered and retreating, and our forces have begun to secure their positions to ensure it remains ours for good. We have regained control of Ogaden and the coming months will prove that the territory will remain in our hands.
Our advance has forced the Ethiopians from their positions, and our troops have liberated the many scattered towns of Ogaden. While the enemy is doubtlessly preparing a counterattack at the moment, it is our duty to hold and show true Somali resolve.
This is a testament to the greatness of our people!
Victory! Ogaden is [ROOT.GetAdjective]
In a beautiful display of Ethiopian might, the forces of the Empire have vanquished the Somali foes. We have once and for all shown that we are just as capable of defending our borders as the Imperial Powers of Europe.
The Ethiopian forces have met a decisive defeat and given up any further hostilities over Ogaden. There is no question that this will be the end of it for good.
Wonderful!
Why end it here?
Ogaden Under Attack
In a bold move, the daring Somalians have attacked us in an attempt to reclaim what they consider their stolen land. We have beaten them once, we will beat them again!
The Ethiopians are launching another expedition against us! It's as if they're trying to relive the glory days of the 1860s!
Hold the Line!
[ROOT.GetAdjective] Forces on the Retreat
Our forces have been forced to abandon their positions, but we are perfectly capable of recovering from this setback.
The Ethiopians have made a bold move, pushing us out of the disputed territories. This is not a defeat, but a strategic retreat. It is clear that it is us who will come out on top in the end.
Muster a Counterattack!
Ogaden Under [FROM.GetAdjective] Control
It has become increasingly clear that we have underestimated Somali readiness to defend Ogaden. Our ill-prepared and costly offensive must come to an end, its goals unaccomplished. May future attempts prove more successful.
The Ethiopians are holding steady, and attempts to dislodge them have proven unsuccessful. It is time we admit to ourselves that this war is lost.
Not only have we been unable to stop the enemy forces, they are dead-set on advancing deeper into our territory.
We will return!
Defend at all costs!
Adamawa
Adamawi
Adamawa
Adamawa Commune
the Adamawa Commune
Adamawa Commune
the Adamawa Commune
Adamawa Commune
the Adamawa Commune
Adamawa Clique
Adamawan
the Adamawa Clique
Adamawa Emirate
the Adamawa Emirate
Adamawa Clique
the Adamawa Clique
Angola
Angolan
Angola
Inocêncio Matoso Andrade da Câmara Pires
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1898, in Luanda, Portuguese Angola§!
Monsenhor Alves da Cunha
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 21st, 1882, in Codeçoso, Minho, Kingdom of Portugal§!
Bechuanaland
Bechuanaland
Bechuanaland
Seretse Khama
§YBorn:§! §Lin Serowe, Bechuanaland Protectorate§!
Urundi
Urundi
Urundi
Mwambutsa IV
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1912, in Nyabiyogi, Burundi, German East Africa§!
Barotseland
Barotse
Barotseland
Commune of Barotseland
the Commune of Barotseland
Commune of Barotseland
the Commune of Barotseland
Commune of Barotseland
the Commune of Barotseland
Yeta III
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Barotseland§!
Cameroon
Cameroonian
the Cameroon
Alexander Duala Bell
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1897, in Douala, Protectorate of Kamerun§!
Karl Atangana
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Mvolyé, Ewondo Territory§!
Joseph Ekwe Bilé
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 13th, 1892, in Douala, Protectorate of Kamerun§!
Kivu
Kivu
Kivu
Kivu Regime
the Kivu Regime
Kenya
Kenyan
Kenya
Kikuyuland
Kikuyu
Kikuyuland
Stanley Mathenge
§YBorn:§! §L1919, in Mahiga, Kenya, German Central Africa§!
Tom Delamere
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1900, in Withington, Lancashire, England§!
Philip Euen Mitchell
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1890, in London, England§!
Jomo Kenyatta
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Ngenda, East Africa Protectorate§!
Harry Thuku
§YBorn:§! §L1895, in Kiambu, East Africa Protectorate§!
Ewart Scott Grogan
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1874, in London, England§!
Madagascar
Malagasy
Madagascar
Kingdom of Imerina
Malagasy
the Kingdom of Imerina
Marie-Louise Razafinkeriefo
Marie-Louise I
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1897, in Saint-Denis, Colony of Réunion§!
Mozambique
Mozambican
Mozambique
CNAdM
Congresso Nacional Africano de Moçambique (African National Congress of Mozambique)
CNAdM
Congresso Nacional Africano de Moçambique (African National Congress of Mozambique)
CNAdM
Congresso Nacional Africano de Moçambique (African National Congress of Mozambique)
João Tomás Chembene
§YBorn:§! §Lin Portuguese East Africa§!
José Augusto da Costa Almeida
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1912, in Province of Mozambique, Portuguese East Africa§!
Ruanda
Ruandan
Ruanda
Yuhi V
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in the Kingdom of Rwanda§!
Tshuapa Clique
Tshuapan
the Tshuapa Clique
Justin Kokolo
§YBorn:§! §L1913, in Mayombe, Belgian Congo§!
Azania
Azanian
Azania
East Africa
East African
the East African Federation
East Africa
East African
East Africa
Muhamed Husan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1904, in Dar es Salaam, German East Africa§!
Uganda
Ugandan
Uganda
Mutesa II
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1924, in Kampala, Uganda, German Central Africa§!
Ignatius K. Musaazi
§YBorn:§! §L1905, in Timuna, Protectorate of Uganda§!
Andrew Cohen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 7th, 1909, in Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, England§!
Zambesia
Zambesian
Zambesia
Bembaland
Bemba
Bembaland
Makumba Kanyanta
§YBorn:§! §Lin Mthwakazi§!
Ronald Storrs
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1881, in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, England§!
Zanzibar
Zanzibari
Zanzibar
Khalifa II ibn Harub Al-Said
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1879, in Zanzibar, Sultanate of Zanzibar§!
African Minor Focus Tree
Guarding our Sovereignty
The collapse of Mittelafrika has given [ROOT.GetNameDef] the opportunity to claim itself as a sovereign state; let us not waste this.\n\nUnion, Work, Justice!
The [AFR_FormerOverlord_ADJ] Remnants
The hasty end of colonial rule has left behind many a soldier. It has, however, also left behind a decent amount of military materiel stashes in depots at key locations within our nation.
Analyse their Equipment
In the [AFR_FormerOverlord_ADJ] administration, our men were not taught the know-how of using modern equipment that our colonial masters used to keep the [ROOT.GetAdjective] nation subjugated. Although much of this equipment has fallen into our hands, we must learn how to use it before applying it to the battlefield.
Petition the French Republic
[ROOT.GetNameDefCap] needs guns, and this seems like the most obvious place to turn.
Petition the French Commune
The Commune may be sympathetic to our needs.
Open Recruitment Programme
Right now, [ROOT.GetNameDef] needs all the help on the front lines that it can get!
The Independence Push
[ROOT.GetNameDefCap] has felt its first taste of freedom and is not going to give up the opportunity to be independent so easily!
A Modern African Army
Our soldiers have realised what is on the line. We have gathered what scattered equipment we could find and learned how to use new weapons and tactics. Though much is to be done, we are on our way to creating a unified and powerful army, ready to face any warlord that we come across!
A Homegrown Industry
With the lack of any significant industrial output, our nation will crumble battling against others who are more advanced economically. We must not allow this to happen; our push towards industrialisation must begin, and quickly.
A Push for Infrastructure
Under our [AFR_FormerOverlord_ADJ] overlords, infrastructure was neglected. As we push for industrialisation, we must invest in basic facilities such as buildings and roads, not only to create prosperity for our citizens but also to support our soldiers on the frontlines.
Industrial Machinery
Developments in our agricultural and industrial tools have advanced our nation significantly. Although there is much work to be done, we have made the first steps towards a functioning, modern economy.
A Nascent Heavy Industrial Base
Investing in heavy industry will be costly, but it will be worth it, greatly contributing to our economic development and industrialisation. We will be able to produce military equipment at a greater rate this way.
[ROOT.GetAdjective] Arms
The collapse of the [AFR_FormerOverlord_ADJ] administration in [ROOT.GetNameDef] has left behind large numbers of military equipment. However, if we are to focus on the long-term prosperity and safety of [ROOT.GetNameDef], it would be wise to invest in armament factories, so we do not become reliant on foreign equipment.
International Waters
Ensuring that we have access to the sea is of utmost importance, especially in times of crisis such as this. With access to the sea, we will be able to get raw materials and aid that we desperately need.
Join the International Community
With our government's position solidified, we have declared ourselves a free and sovereign state and are ready to join the international community. We should first look to nations who are willing to offer us support; whether it be that they have taken an interest in supporting our independence or are simply looking for new opportunities, we cannot pick and choose, given our precarious situation.
Materiel from [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetNameDef]
Not all of the ammunition we need can be produced domestically, nor can we find all of it lying on the ground somewhere. Petitioning our benefactor for guns will help us greatly.
[?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] Oversight
Our officers may be brave and vigorous in fighting for our independence, but the unfortunate reality is that they are inexperienced. With [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetNameDef] overseeing our military affairs, we will be able to create a modern army and learn new tactics.
Economic Aid from [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetNameDef]
With the introduction of foreign goods and services from [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetNameDef], we will be able to develop our economy much more efficiently.
The [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] Miracle
Regardless of our benefactor's intentions in assisting our development, none can argue that their help has allowed [ROOT.GetNameDef] to prosper. We are well on our way to an economic miracle.
Join the IEDC
Without our [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] friends, our nation would likely not have prospered to the extent it has. Due to our lack of industrial capacity, it's not likely we can pay back any debts to them anytime soon. However, we may repay them by formalising our entry into their economic bloc, the Imperial Economic Development Council.
Join the Cairo Pact
[?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] investment, both economically and militarily, has been proven vital to the survival of our nation. We should repay their kindness by joining their faction, the Cairo Pact.
Join the Phalanstère
Without our [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] friends, our nation would likely not have prospered to the extent it has. Due to our lack of industrial capacity, it's not likely we can pay back any debts to them anytime soon. However, we may repay them by formalising our entry into their economic bloc, the Phalanstère.
Join Mitteleuropa
Without our [?AFR_benefactor_tag.GetAdjective] friends, our nation would likely not have prospered to the extent it has. Due to our lack of industrial capacity, it's not likely we can pay back any debts to them anytime soon. However, we may repay them by formalising our entry into their economic bloc, Mitteleuropa.
[BEL.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[CAN.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[EGY.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[ENG.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[FRA.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[GER.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[NFA.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[POR.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[RAJ.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
[SAF.GetAdjective] Military Advisors
Rapid Economic Influx
Requesting Aid from Abroad
Our new situation is precarious; colonial rule has not prepared our lands for independence. We should find a benefactor on the international stage.
Petition [BEL.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [CAN.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [EGY.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [ENG.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [FRA.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [GER.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [NFA.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [POR.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [RAJ.GetNameDef] for aid.
Petition [SAF.GetNameDef] for aid.
We are doing fine on our own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests Aid
The African nation of [FROM.GetNameDef] has contacted us about a potential partnership. German colonial rule has left them unprepared for independence, and they seek to acquire the necessary capital to get their economy started.
We will send what they require.
They are on their own.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Agrees to Mutual Aid
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to enter a partnership with our nation.
Splendid.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Denies Mutual Aid
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has declined to enter a partnership with our nation.
We'll do fine on our own!
