Rapid Fire Guns
Snorkel
Torpedo Launchers
Aircraft Facilities
Torpedo Room
Secondary Battery
Medium Battery
Light Medium Battery
Heavy Battery
Super Heavy Battery
Destroyer Engines
Cruiser Engines
Heavy Ship Engines
Carrier Engines
Submarine Engines
Radar
Sonar
Fire Control Systems
Anti-Submarine Warfare
Mine Warfare
Mine Warfare
Anti-Air
Torpedoes
Heavy Armour Scheme
Dreadnought Armour Scheme
Cruiser Armour Scheme
Deck Armour
Hangar Space
Missile Launcher
Nuclear Missile Launcher
Fuel Tank
Minelaying Gear
Dual-Purpose Battery
Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery
Runway Reinforcements
Hangar Space
Submarine Nuclear Engines
Carrier Nuclear Engines
Heavy Ship Nuclear Engines
Coating
Hangar Space
Submarine Hangar Space
Seaplane Tender
Battery
Secondaries
Anti-Air
Torpedoes
Deck Space 1
Deck Space 2
Fire Control System
Radar/Sonar
Engine
Armour
Front 1 Custom
Front 2 Custom
Mid 1 Custom
Mid 2 Custom
Mid 3 Custom
Rear 1 Custom
Rear 2 Custom
85 mm RF. Cannon
Light Battery I
A relatively small gun for use on destroyers and smaller ships.
105 mm RF. Cannon
Light Battery II
A small gun with a powered mount to allow it to track targets quickly.
127 mm RF. Cannon
Light Battery III
A small gun with a gun shield to protect the crew from shell splinters and harsh weather.
130 mm RF. Cannon
Light Battery IV
A pair of small guns in a powered, armoured mount.
100mm Dual-Purpose Battery
Dual-Purpose Main Battery I
A small gun in a special mount, allowing it to engage airplanes as well as surface targets.
113mm Dual-Purpose Battery
Dual-Purpose Main Battery II
A small gun with a high angle mount and gun shield, allowing it to engage airplanes as well as surface targets.
127mm Dual-Purpose Battery
Dual-Purpose Main Battery III
A small gun in a high angle enclosed turret, allowing it to engage airplanes as well as surface targets.
127mm RF. Dual-Purpose Battery
Dual-Purpose Main Battery IV
A small, rapid-fire gun in a high angle powered turret, allowing it to engage airplanes as well as surface targets.
30.5 cm Cannon
Heavy Battery I
A large-calibre cannon dating from before the Great War.
35 cm Cannon
Heavy Battery II
A set of large-calibre cannons in a heavily armoured mount. A redesign of the turret allows for higher gun elevation, thus increasing the range.
38 cm Cannon
Heavy Battery III
A heavily armoured mount for heavy guns, incorporating a number of new technologies to increase accuracy and firing speed.
40.6 cm Cannon
Heavy Battery IV
The ultimate evolution of heavy firepower, this heavily armoured mount allows for a high degree of accuracy over long distances.
46 cm Cannon
Super-Heavy Battery
The biggest gun ever mounted on a ship, these massive cannons were designed to penetrate any feasible armour at any distance.
14.5 cm Cannon
Light Cruiser Battery I
A compromise between rate of fire and weight of shell, this gun is intended for the use in light cruisers to defeat smaller ships.
15 cm Cannon
Light Cruiser Battery II
This gun represent a logical evolution from previous models, and is intended to allow light cruisers to have a comfortable advantage in firepower over destroyers and older cruisers.
15.5 cm Cannon
Light Cruiser Battery III
Incorporating a number of new technologies, this lightly armoured mount further increases the gap between the main batteries of destroyers and light cruisers.
15.5 cm Auto-Loading Cannon
Light Cruiser Battery Auto-loading
Designed from the ground up for a high rate of fire, this mount was created to allow light cruisers to disable even bigger enemies through a multitude of hits.
152mm RF. Dual-Purpose Battery
Light Cruiser Battery IV
Designed from the ground up for a high angle of fire, this mount was created to allow light cruisers to engage even bigger Ships and Aircraft.
17 cm Cannon
Cruiser Battery I
While unable to do significant damage to battleships, this medium gun allows a cruiser to confidently engage lighter ships and other cruisers.
19 cm Cannon
Cruiser Battery II
An evolution of an earlier design, this gun was made to keep pace with the increases in armour and the longer ranges at which naval battles are fought.
20.3 cm Cannon
Cruiser Battery III
While not the biggest gun one can feasibly mount on a cruiser, this cannon strikes the best balance between weight of armament and fire power and can reliably defeat cruiser-armour.
20.3 cm Auto-Loading Cannon
Cruiser Battery IV
With calibre restricted by existing ammunition supplies and with an eye to retrofit older ships, this new gun features an advanced auto-loading system to drastically improve the rate of fire.
75mm RF. Cannon
Secondary Battery I
Housed in a casemate on the ship's side, this light cannon gives larger ships some measure of defence against smaller ships.
120mm RF. Cannon
Secondary Battery II
A small turreted mount for rapid-fire cannons, designed to defend capital ships against destroyers and torpedo boats.
120mm Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery
Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery I
By combining the duties of the heavy anti-air gun and the secondary battery, this mount drastically boosts the anti-air capabilities of a ship while also providing some measure of defence against smaller surface targets.
113mm Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery
Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery II
Housing dual purpose secondary guns in a turret greatly increases the crew protection.
127mm Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery
Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery III
Powered twin dual purpose turrets allow for a large increase in firepower.
127mm RF. Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery
Dual-Purpose Secondary Battery IV
Created for rapid fire against all forms of target these are the ultimate secondary weapons.
Central Rangefinding
Fire Control 0
A central station high up in the ship's mast determines the range to the target and transmits that information to the gun mounts.
Director Fire
Fire Control I
A central director station fires all guns simultaneously at the command of the gunnery officer.
Mechanical Rangekeeper
Fire Control II
A mechanical computer in the ship continuously updates range and bearing to target from information fed to it by rangefinders and other sensors.
Ballistic Computer
Fire Control III
A more complex mechanical computer considers a large variety of factors when calculating the ballistic solutions to engage the target.
3x 450mm Torpedo Launcher
Torpedo Launcher I
A set of mid-sized torpedoes that can be mounted on surface warships.
4x 450mm Torpedo Launcher
Torpedo Launcher II
By mounting another torpedo tube in the mount, a surface ship can fire a larger spread with higher chance to hit.
3x 533mm Torpedo Launcher
Torpedo Launcher III
Larger torpedoes can carry a bigger warhead, doing significantly more damage to the target. This requires the launcher to have fewer tubes, however.
4x 533mm Torpedo Launcher
Torpedo Launcher IV
Having solved the mechanical issues of launching large torpedoes from surface ships, this advanced model can also be rapidly reloaded for another salvo.
4x 450mm Torpedo Tubes
Torpedo Tubes I
A basic set of torpedo tubes that can be reloaded from inside the submarine.
6x 450mm Torpedo Tubes
Torpedo Tubes II
A larger torpedo room allows more torpedo tubes to be mounted. It also provides slightly more living space for the crew.
4x 533mm Torpedo Tubes
Torpedo Tubes III
A set of larger torpedo tubes allows submarines to launch bigger torpedoes.
6x 533mm Torpedo Tubes
Torpedo Tubes IV
The addition of an electric loading ram allows torpedo tubes to be reloaded within minutes.
.50 cal. MG
Anti-Air I
A set of heavy machine guns provides a small amount of close-in defence against airplanes.
20mm AA
Anti-Air II
A small automatic cannon throws a significantly larger shell, killing an attacking aircraft in a few hits.
37mm AA
Anti-Air III
Previous calibres of guns have proven too light to reliably kill an attacking airplane before they can release their ordnance. A larger shell requires a bigger gun, but has a significantly higher chance of destroying the target when they actually hit.
40mm Quad AA
Anti-Air IV
The latest model of anti-air guns features a powered mount to be able to track fast-flying targets and an advanced director system to coordinate the fire of several gun positions against a single target.
Minelaying Rails
Modifications for a surface ship to carry and deploy naval mines.
Minesweeping Gear
Gear to deploy the various sweeping equipments.
Minelaying Tubes
Modifications to the hull of a submarine, allowing it to deploy a number of mines.
Depth Charge Rails
Depth Charge I
A simple set of rails allows depth charges to be rolled off the stern of the ship when the ship drives over the submerged target.
Depth Charge Thrower
Depth Charge II
Using a small explosive charge, this device throws a depth charge quite some distance, allowing a single ship to drop a pattern of depth charges across a larger area.
Anti-submarine Mortar
Depth Charge III
A projector for a smaller depth charge with a contact fuse, allowing the ship to engage a target without breaking sonar contact.
Advanced Anti-submarine Mortar
Depth Charge IV
An evolution of the previous model, this mortar can fire a significantly larger charge over a longer distance.
Basic Snorkel
A device that allows the submarine to run its main engines underwater, enabling it to recharge its batteries without exposing itself to attack by surfacing.
Improved Snorkel
Improvements to the design of the snorkel reduce the problems when using the main engines in heavy seas while reducing the probability of the snorkel being detected on radar.
Floatplane Catapult
A simple airplane launcher propels a small scout plane into the air.
Improved Floatplane Catapult
An improved launch mechanism that allows the ship to launch a larger plane with greater range and speed.
Seaplane Tender
Equipment for refueling and recovering seaplanes, keeping them operational with less reliance on shore-based resupply.
Improved Seaplane Tender
While the earliest seaplane tenders were converted merchant ships, newer types are purpose-built and have greatly improved seaplane support capabilities.
Submarine Missile Launcher
A submarine-mounted launcher for guided and ballistic missiles.
Submarine Nuclear Missile Launcher
A submarine-mounted launcher for nuclear ballistic missiles.
Air-Independent Propulsion
First iteration of the new engine types, allowing submarine to remain operational underwater for a longer time, at the cost of vastly increased fuel consumption and reduced ship range.
AIP-Diesel Combination Engine
New version of the air-independent propulsion systems, offering better performance at the lower fuel consumption.
High Speed Walter Engines
We have reached the pinnacle of what we think can be achieved with AIP Engines. This engine offers excellent speed, while at the same time retaining fuel consumption at acceptable levels.
Anechoic Tiles
Rubber tile coating that is designed to reduce the range at which ship can be detected by both passive and active sonar.
Nuclear Torpedo
Torpedoes that carry a nuclear warhead, providing a highly effective weapon against enemy ships, at the cost of higher risk for accidents.
Hangar Space
A large open area inside the ship that allows the servicing and arming of wheeled airplanes. Adding further hangar space to a ship dramatically drives up cost.
Floating Airfield Runway
Open area that allows to service, refuel and resupply airplanes and prepare them for their missions. Allows to store and use non-carrier plane variants.
Escort Carrier Hangar
Open area inside the ship that allows the servicing and arming of wheeled airplanes. Much smaller and cramped than hangars on the Fleet Carriers.
Submarine Carrier Hangar
A watertight compartment and catapult equipment allowing a submarine to carry, launch and recover a small number of seaplanes.
Hydrophones
A simple set of hydrophones to track a submerged target by the sound it makes.
Active Sonar
An active noise emitter that sends a short 'ping' into the water, then listens for the echo from a submerged submarine hull.
Advanced Sonar
Improved active sonar array using stronger signal pulses and directional scanning.
Modern Sonar
State of the art sonar system, providing superior tracking of the submerged targets.
Decimetric Naval Search Radar
Radar I
A simple radar set that operates in the 50 cm wavelength range allows the detection of surface ships even in bad weather at a range of more than 10 kilometres.
Improved Decimetric Naval Search Radar
Radar II
An improved radar set working in the 30cm wavelength range can accurately measure the range and bearing of even a small ship at ranges of over 25 kilometres.
Centimetric Gunnery Radar
Radar III
Equipped with cavity magnetrons, this radar set allows not only the detection of very small targets but even detecting the splashes of shells. This allows for true blind-fire against targets, even at night or in bad weather.
Integrated Fire Control Radar
Radar IV
Working in the centimetre wavelength range, this radar set is fully integrated into the ships gunnery control and allows highly accurate gunfire control in all weather conditions.
Extra Fuel Tanks
Extended fuel storage allows greater operational range.
35,000 Shp Engine
Light Engine I
A small set of steam turbines can propell a small ship at great speed or power a larger ship at slower speeds.
40,000 Shp Engine
Light Engine II
Using high-pressure boilers, the same weight and space of machinery can produce a higher output.
45,000 Shp Engine
Light Engine III
New developments in materials allow for much higher steam pressure and thus greater power output.
50,000 Shp Engine
Light Engine IV
Improved engine layouts and turbine gearing allow higher efficiency for the same amount of weight.
1,000 Shp Engine
Submarine Engine I
A combination of diesel and electric engines allow a submarine to operate underwater at a reasonable speed.
2,000 Shp Engine
Submarine Engine II
A more powerful diesel engine gives the submarine the ability to sprint into position when it detects a target.
3,000 Shp Engine
Submarine Engine III
New materials and production methods allow for the creation of engines that can run longer at full power.
4,000 Shp Engine
Submarine Engine IV
Advanced engines with turbochargers are able to run much faster for a brief period, either to chase targets or to recharge the batteries quicker.
Nuclear Submarine Reactor
Submarine Reactor
A small reactor that provides nuclear propulsion for submarines, ensuring extended underwater endurance and efficient operation for modern naval fleets
60,000 Shp Engine
Cruiser Engine I
A basic set of boilers providing steam to an ungeared turbine.
70,000 Shp Engine
Cruiser Engine II
A steam turbine equipped with gearing is dramatically more efficient, allowing the extra weight to be used for additional power.
80,000 Shp Engine
Cruiser Engine III
Improved boiler arrangements give higher steam pressure for more power.
90,000 Shp Engine
Cruiser Engine IV
Advanced materials make this engine able to run much longer at high load.
30,000 Shp Engine
Heavy Engine I
Intended to free up weight for guns and armour, this engine was never designed to give particularly high speed.
90,000 Shp Engine
Heavy Engine II
Dramatically more powerful than previous designs, this engine is intended to give a heavy ship a comfortable speed margin over older models.
150,000 Shp Engine
Heavy Engine III
As guns and armour grow in weight, this engine was designed to allow for higher speeds to chase down fleeing enemies or keep the range open against superior enemies.
210,000 Shp Engine
Heavy Engine IV
Designed with new materials and improved boiler design, this powerplant is intended to allow a modern battleship to keep up with fast carriers and cruisers.
Nuclear Heavy Ship Reactor
Heavy Ship Reactor
A powerful nuclear reactor, capable of powering the heaviest of ships without need for refuelling.
50,000 Shp Engine
Carrier Engine I
A basic set of engines allow a mid-sized carrier to reach the speeds necessary for the safe operation of aircraft.
120,000 Shp Engine
Carrier Engine II
This new powerplant is designed to allow a carrier to outpace most older cruisers and some destroyers, allowing it to evade enemy surface forces.
150,000 Shp Engine
Carrier Engine III
An engine designed to allow even large carriers to move at very high speeds.
210,000 Shp Engine
Carrier Engine IV
This powerplant was designed to equip a modern 'fast carrier' intended to function as the centrepiece of a carrier group.
Nuclear Carrier Reactor
Carrier Reactor
A powerful nuclear reactor, capable of powering colossal carriers without need them needing to refuel.
200mm Belt/40mm Deck
Battleship Armour I
Designed to protect a ship against guns of its own calibre, this armour scheme ensures that every part of the ship is well-protected according to its usefulness.
150mm Belt/25mm Deck
Battlecruiser Armour I
Designed to protect the ship against smaller guns, this armour scheme weighs far less to allow for higher speed.
350mm Belt/150mm Deck
Battleship Armour II
Featuring an inclined belt, this armour scheme is designed to protect a ship of the line against guns of its own calibre.
305mm Belt/100mm Deck
Battlecruiser Armour II
A compromise between speed and protection, this armour scheme is designed to defend a ship against the guns of cruisers and destroyers.
380mm Belt/155mm Deck
Battleship Armour III
A radical departure from previous armour schemes, this design creates a heavily-armoured citadel at the centre of the ship but sacrifices protection for other parts of the ship. It is intended to defend a ship against guns of its own calibre.
330mm Belt/130mm Deck
Battlecruiser Armour III
Designed with an eye towards weight limitations, this armour scheme attempts to maximise protection for the vital parts of a ship by leaving other areas exposed. This scheme is not supposed to stand up to battleship-grade weaponry for long.
450mm Belt/210mm Deck
Super-Heavy Armour
The last word in armour design, this armour scheme is intended to defeat all known main battery projectiles, allowing a ship so equipped to engage and sink any other battleship in the world today.
50mm Belt/40mm Deck
Cruiser Armour I
An armour scheme intended to give a cruiser a slight edge when fighting against destroyers and other lightly-armed ships.
100mm Belt/50mm Deck
Cruiser Armour II
A heavier belt intended to allow a cruiser to engage older light cruisers and smaller ships with a good deal of protection.
120mm Belt/65mm Deck
Cruiser Armour III
Copying methods used for armouring battleships, this armour scheme is designed to keep pace with developments in armaments around the world.
150mm Belt/60mm Deck
Cruiser Armour IV
This armour scheme attempts to maximise protection over the areas absolutely needed to keep a ship afloat and in the fight, at the cost of all other areas.
90mm Deck
Flight Deck Armour
Heavy armour plates protect the hangar spaces against hits by enemy bombers at the cost of less working space.
Pykrete Runway Reinforcements
Additional construction reinforcements, ensuring stronger and more resilient construction, while also providing better resistance against the elements.
Steel-Reinforced Pykrete Runway
Steel-Reinforced Pykrete provides sturdier construction, capable of withstanding more damage, while offering better insulation.
Ice-Composite Runway
Materials and methods used offer the best structure resillience and reducing the impact of weather on the ship operations.
§HModule Slot:§! $NAME$\nSelect a Module:
200mm Battery
A formidable deck gun of a calibre more commonly found on light cruisers.
Deck Guns
Long Range Hunters
Cruiser Submarines represent the pinnacle of heavy sub-surface raiding. What they lack in manoeuvrability and stealth, they certainly make up for in reach.
Midget Submarine Pioneers
Small submarines designed for harbor raiding or light convoy raiding suit our naval doctrine perfectly.
