Argentina Carlés Focus Tree
Argentina Democratic Focus Tree
Argentinian Sphere
Buenos Aires-Lima Axis
Argentina
Argentinian
Argentina
LP
Liga Patriótica Argentina\n§LA far-right paramilitary group similar to the Romanian Iron Guard, the Liga Patriótica Argentina has become the most influential political organisation within Argentina since the Chistmas Coup.\n\nLiga was found in 1919, when Carlés was appointed as a commander of the paramilitary volunteers that were sent in to end protests of the workers on English-owned plant. 'Liga Patriótica Argentina', as they called themselves, were responsible for the murder of hundreds of striking workers. In 1921 and 1922, during the rebellion in Patagonia, LPA forces caused gruesome acts of violence against strikers both in Patagonia and during a general strike in Buenos Aires.\n\nIn 1930 Liga participated in Uriburu's coup, who, with the support of the army and the LPA, ousted the government and installed a corporatist, ultranationalist military dictatorship. In 1932, the military regime collapsed after Uriburu's death. After a power struggle, UCR member Julio Roca became the new head of state. Roca began to seek a peace settlement with the Patagonians. Carlés took advantage of the popular outrage and launched a coup d'état on the 24th of December 1935 when Liga with the support of navy and parts of the military captured the capital.\n\nThe LPA sees the salvation of Argentina, the return to former greatness and the removal of all hostile elements as their primary goal; they act extremely populist on the outside, claiming to serve the Argentinian people for a greater good.\n\nFounded: §Y1919§!\nIdeology:\n- National populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Nationalism§!\n
LdJ (GOU)
Libertadores de Junio (Grupo de Oficiales Unidos)\n§LIt is a secret club that reflects and comprises 'the heart and soul of the military leadership.' It is also known as the Group of United Officers (GOU). Created during Julio Argentino Pascual Roca presidency in 1933 due to military opposition to possible peace treaty with Patagonian socialists.\n\nAlthough they oppose ex-President Roca's conciliatory stance with the FOP's 'godless socialists,' they are disillusioned of Carlés policies, viewing him as a 'dangerous radical,' and would prefer a firmer hand, one that has the backing of the Argentine people behind it...\n\nThis group has strong nationalist and Catholic ideas, as well as a strict neutrality approach to foreign policy, believing that Argentina should avoid wars with both regional powers such as Brazil and global players, be it Reichspakt, Entente, or even Internationale. Patagonia and socialist Chile are exceptions; reunification of the nation is one of their key goals, and failure to achieve it by the government might have catastrophic implications.\n\nFounded: §Y1933§!\nIdeology:\n- Militarism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Catholic conservatism§!\n
PJ
Partido Justicialista\n§LAlthough not a party they are an important group, they comprise Juan Domingo Perón's political network who themselves are only a few radical Argentine officers and some trade union leaders. Perón espouses a concept of a party in service of a strong and just leader who would unify the population into bringing about social justice, these ideas however marginal, hold great appeal to a population tired of political squabbling and sterile dictatorships. It remains to be seen whenether Perón's group hold any sway in the new Argentinian political climate.\n\nFounded: §Y1930s§!\nIdeology:\n- Populism\n- Corporatist capitalism\n- Personality Cult\n- Reformism§!\n
UCRA
Unión Cívica Radical Antipersonalista\n§LThe UCRA was part of a broad movement calling itself 'anti-personalist', which questioned the figure of Hipólito Yrigoyen (president from 1916-1922 / 1928-1930), whom they accused of being 'personalist' and undemocratic. Created in 1924 from a rupture within the UCR, In the 1928 elections, it presented the candidacy of Leopoldo Melo, who lost to Hipólito Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR. Starting in 1932, it joined the coalition called the Concordancia that won the 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca becoming a president.\n\nFounded: §Y1924§!\nIdeology:\n- Conservatism\n- Capitalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDN
Partido Demócrata Nacional\n§LThe PDN (PNA until 1932) was one of Argentina's oldest political parties and closely connected to the Roca family, who provided two Argentinian Presidents in the last 50 years: Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz (1880-1886, 1898-1904) and Julio Argentino Pascual Roca (1932-1935).\n\nIt was created on March 15th, 1874, after the union of the Autonomist Party and the National Party. It was since its inception a highly important party, and the Roca family became very influential within the party, with Alejo Julio Argentino Roca Paz becoming a president in 1880-1886 and 1898-1904. It later became the bedrock of la edad de oro (1880 - 1916), boasting a booming economy and a flood of immigrants from Europe which strengthened Argentina's industry, becoming one of the most prosperous contries in the world before the Weltkrieg. Meanwhile, its main rival became the Radical Civic Union (UCR). It was criticised for its use of election fraud, which lead to PNA dissolving with its members joining Conservative Party and the Democratic Progressive Party.\n\nFollowing Uriburu's death in early 1932, the PNA was reborn as Partido Demócrata Nacional (PDN) for the upcoming 1932 elections with Julio Argentino Pascual Roca being its leader, and PDN, thanks to electoral fraud, won by a landslide. Roca was inaugurated president, and he promised to find a compromise with their syndicalist neighbours Patagonia and Chile. Although many hoped that Roca would bring back the good old times and strengthen Argentina's position globally, this did not happen.\n\nAlthough he took a less radical course than Uriburu and developed plans to recapture the lost territories at Patagonia, launching small skirmishes into FOP territory and successfully retaking Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego thanks to the navy, he scrapped plans to send the army into Patagonian core territory, deciding to focus more on improving the economy. Roca's takeover disgruntled the military and the LPA, and due to his political liberalisation, rumours started to spread in 1935 that there would be an imminent peace settlement with the Patagonians, causing outrage across the nation. This was enough for Carlés and the LPA to launch a coup on Christmas day, putting Roca and his ministers under temporary house arrest as Carlés proclaimed himself President.\n\nFounded: §Y1932§!\nIdeology:\n- Economic liberalism\n- Conservative liberalism§!\n
UCR
Unión Cívica Radical\n§LFounded on June 26th, 1891, the party quickly became influential over Argentine politics, causing the 1893 Radical Revolution and the 1905 Radical Revolution, which later led to reform in terms of election fraud. Two presidents of Argentina to be part of the Radical Civic Union were §YHipólito Yrigoyen§! and §YMarcelo Torcuato de Alvear§!.\n\nIn 1916 the Argentine General Election took place, being the first where the Roque Sáenz Peña Law was implemented, establishing universal, secret and compulsory male suffrage. Yrigoyen, candidate of the UCR, ended up winning the elections.\n\nHis tumultous presidency between 1916 - 1922, with the secession of Patagonia, had de Alvear replace him as the UCR candidate for the 1922 elections, which he won. Argentina saw slight economic improvement right until the British Revolution occurred, which led to the crash of April 1925. Despite this, de Alvear ordered the navy to capture the Falkland Islands and South Georgia. This increased morale and trust in the government, but led to the radicalisation of the military which had been previously humiliated by the Patagonian Rebellion, and now stood in the shadow of the popular navy.\n\nIn 1928, Yrigoyen was surprisingly appointed as the Radical Civic's Union candidate for the general elections instead of the current and relatively popular Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear. Despite this, Yrigoyen won by a large margin, which led many to speculate that it was due to election fraud.\n\nYrigoyen's most important opposition was the military, which started planning a coup against him. This eventually happened on September 6th, 1930, as Uriburu, with support from Carlés and the LPA, took over and proclaimed himself president of Argentina, banning political parties, arresting democratic politicians and suspending the 1853 Constitution. Yrigoyen's supporters, called Yrigoyenists, were tortured alongside other political opponents of his regime. Yrigoyen himself was held under arrest at the Martín García Island.\n\nUriburu eventually died in early 1932, and Argentina went back to democracy under conservative politician Julio Argentino Pascual Roca. Yrigoyen died in 1933, and now de Alvear is leading the party.\n\nFounded: §Y1891§!\nIdeology:\n- Liberalism\n- Radicalism\n- Democracy§!\n
PDP
Partido Demócrata Progresista\n§LAfter its creation in 1914, it gained some popularity and gained over 100,000 votes in the 1916 general elections. It became Argentina's third-most important party after the popular Radical Civic Union and the National Autonomist Party, battling the spot with the Socialist Party. After Uriburu's coup, the Democratic Progressive Party regained some popularity.\n\nFounded: §Y1914§!\nIdeology:\n- Social Democracy\n- Protectionism\n- Federalism§!\n
PS
Partido Socialista\n§LA minuscule party compared to the ones present in Patagonia. Founded in 1896 by Nicolás Repetto, it became the first mass party in Argentina. It gained notoriety, gaining its first representative in 1903 and becoming the first socialist in America to obtain a representative charge, and then in 1904 Alfredo Palacios became the first socialist deputy in America. It gained more and more traction and then started participating in the general elections after the Roque Sáenz Peña Law was passed, being in 4th place in the 1916 and 1922 general elections and then 3rd in the 1928 general elections. But it soon found itself marginalised amid the growing Red Scare and finally banned. The PS continues to operate clandestinely.\n\nFounded: §Y1896§!\nIdeology:\n- Democratic socialism\n- Progressivism§!\n
La Internacional
La Internacional\n§LVery little is known about this party, it's mainly a satellite organisation of Patagonia that has various strong ties with trade unions in Buenos Aires.§!\n
TTT
Totalismo, Trabajo, Templanza\n§LVery little is known about this party, it's mainly a satellite organisation of Patagonia that has various strong ties with trade unions in Buenos Aires.§!\n
§GWe will get the full effects of the treaty after it's ratified in Buenos Aires§!
§RBuenos Aires may decide to shift its interests elsewhere but if they agree the bonus will be substantial§!
§cArgentine-Canadian Trade Agreement§!
§gArgentine-German Trade Agreement§!
§gUnlocks decisions to expand our §GRailways§!§!
§6Unlocks decisions to increase our £GFX_steel_texticon §GSteel§! and £GFX_tungsten_texticon §GTungsten§! production§!
§6Unlocks decisions to increase our £GFX_fuel_texticon §GOil§! production§!
§GUnlocks decisions to construct new civilian factories§!
§gUnlocks decisions to raise state category which increases the number of available building slots§!
§gUnlocks foreign military equipment manufacturers:\n - §Y$argentina_mauser$§!;\n - §Y$argentina_fokker$§!;\n - §Y$argentina_focke_wulf$§!;\n - §Y$argentina_krupp$§!.§!
§YRosario has fallen§!
§RFailing to achieve the goals of the 5 Year Plan will be seen as a sign of weakness by the opposition§!\n\n
§GBy completing the 5 Year Plan successfully, we are showing the world that Argentina should not be trifled with and prove our industrial prowess§!\n\n
Project La Mesopotamia has finished
Project Neuquén has finished
Project Jujuy has finished
Project Mendoza has finished
Black Monday no longer plagues our nation
Internal Conflicts have been resolved
§RThis will strengthen the Navy§!\n
§RThis will strengthen the Army§!\n
§7Will increase our chances to mitigate §YPatagonian§! subversive activities.§!
§6Decisions to construct more §Y$dockyard_plural$§! will be unlocked after completing initial decisions.§!
§7Decisions to construct more §Y$arms_factory_plural$§! will be unlocked after completing initial decisions.§!
§6Our admirals will improve their capabilities depending on completed focuses.§!\n
GOU keeps us in check
§RThis will prevent us from further invading our neighbours!§!\n
§CWe are now able to join the faction of our trade partner.§!
We will be able to join the Reichspakt in the future.
We will be able to join the Entente in the future.
§RFailure to solve the crisis before December 1937 will have drastic consequences!§!\n
Pact of Lima has gone into effect
§7We will ask Peru to turn the §YPact of Lima§! into a military alliance or will create our own faction if Peru can't or won't join our faction.§!
§YWe will launch probing attacks across the Rio Negro\n§!
§YThe Argentine army is now obeying orders from Buenos Aires§!
§RBe warned, with the GOU being disaffected with our government, increasing the power of the army might prove to be a dangerous gambit...§!
§GWill construct new railways and supply hubs near Brazilian border.§!
§7Paraguay:§!
§7Bolivia:§!
§7Peru:§!
War in the Southern Cone
South American Research Treaty
South American Research Treaty
SOMISA
Universidad de Buenos Aires
YPF
Fabricaciones Militares
Fabricaciones Militares - Artillery Section
Hispano-Argentina
Sección Industrial Amasadoras Mecánicas
Fábrica Militar de Aviones
AFNE
ASTARSA
Astilleros Alianza
Mauser Argentina
Fokker Argentina
Focke-Wulf Argentina
Morane Saulnier Argentina
Somua Argentina
MAS Argentina
Woes of the Christmas Coup
Effects of Black Monday
Downturn Halted
Engines of War
Harsh Budget Cuts
Reinvigorated Economy
Export-focused Recovery
Political Control Over Argentina
Following the coup, many in Argentina were concerned about future purges and breaches of people's rights by the new regime. Their concerns have not come true since Carlés maintains his influence on the government and society restricted, and the populace in return does not oppose the new administration strongly.
§8Carlés expands the control over the country..§!
Extended Political Control
Following the coup, many in Argentina were concerned about future purges and breaches of people's rights by the new regime. Carlés established control over the government and dismantled major institutions that would otherwise limit his authority, but his dictatorship did not achieve full supremacy, therefore opposition to him remains limited.
§OCarlés achieves total control over the country..§!
Complete Political Dominance
Following the coup, many in Argentina were afraid about the new regime's inevitable purges and violations of people's rights. Those fears become real, as Carles has imposed total dominance over the country, exterminated the opposition, and is now ruling Argentina with fire and sword. His political power is unlimited, but people will never forget his crimes...
Nationalised Canadian Railroads
Nationalised German Railroads
Ferrocarriles Argentinos
Reducing Reliance on Textile
Argentinian Trade Agreement
Under Military Rule
A Free Republic
Wealth of our Nation
Guarantee Civil Rights
Encouraged Free Thought
A Conservative Government
For the Republic!
Hegemony over the Southern Cone
Argentinian Jingoism
Volunteer Legion
Italian Science Programme
Mitteleuropean Resource Industrialists
Constructing New Railroads
War Preparations
Hefty War Reparations
Argentinian Economic Dominance
The Argentine Tiger Roars!
Striving for Autarky
German Attaché
Infantry Tactics
Modern Infantry Tactics
Mobile Tactics
Pilots Training
Military Cliques
Interservice Rivalry - Army Dominant
§RLetting either side of the Armed forces get too much influence has severe consequences and could even lead to a military coup§!
Interservice Rivalry - Army Strengthened
§RLetting either side of the Armed forces get too much influence has severe consequences and could even lead to a military coup§!
Interservice Rivalry - Balanced
§RLetting either side of the Armed forces get too much influence has severe consequences and could even lead to a military coup§!
Interservice Rivalry - Navy Strengthened
§RLetting either side of the Armed forces get too much influence has severe consequences and could even lead to a military coup§!
Interservice Rivalry - Navy Dominant
§RLetting either side of the Armed forces get too much influence has severe consequences and could even lead to a military coup§!
Widespread Desertion
Unskilled Officers
Lack of Military Steel
Dockyard Crisis
Safeguarding Democracy
Krupp Argentina
Upgrade current army idea:
Industrial Factory Donations: §G20% of §YBrazilian§! Factories§!
Every other country in §YSouth America§!:
War Reparations from Paraguay
War Reparations to Argentina
Woes of the Christmas Coup
Thrown into chaos by Manuel Carlés and the LP just after the Christmas celebrations last year, the nation of Argentina is in a state of total anarchy with various military elements vying for control over the presidency.
Consolidate the GBA Capital Region
Even though the capital was the first city to fall to the boots of the LP and the ARA, Buenos Aires is a megalopolis, spanning from the Tigre River to the old city of Berazategui, creating a huge problem for us, since various cells of loyalists to the old government still remain scattered throughout the region, thwarting thus far, all attempts by our forces to eradicate them.
Found the Gendarmería
To better control the discontent provinces and to secure a rapid response force, should the situation escalate, we should consider the creation of an 'Argentine National Gendarmerie', placed directly under the defence minister's commands, to crack down on rebelling provinces.
Control the Judiciaries
Due to the high number of 'rebels' and 'syndicalist sympathisers' in our nation, full control over the judicial system could persuade the judges to crack down quicker on these criminals.
Secure the Military Apparatus
Since we only have the loyalty of the ARA and LP militias, for now, we should convince the garrisons and militia outposts to join our side and cast aside the 'democratic' forces until we can get enough influence to sway the Argentine Army in our favour.
Control the Railroads
All railways in Argentina lead to Buenos Aires which places us in the unique position to quickly lash out and quell forces rallying across the country. Sabotage and rebel forces, however, have greatly damaged these tracks and will need to be crushed, and the main railway hubs of Pergamino, Bahia Blanca and Rosario have to be secured before we can move on.
Temporarily Restrict Civil Rights
The Constitution conflicts with various points of our policies and should temporarily be suspended until this crisis is over. While we are expecting heavy resistance to the decision, it will be in favour of our great nation!
Seize Disloyal Garrisons
Seeing the defeat of their allies at Rosario and the subsequent successes of our forces, many of the former disloyal garrisons are switching sides and joining ours.
Formation of the Carlés Cabinet
As our hold on Argentina is all but secure, we can finally dedicate ourselves to establishing a loyal and efficient cabinet to assist Carlés in his reforms.
Secure 'La Pampa'
Following the defeat at Rosario, we should send the army to secure the Pampas plains and root out all remaining opposition. However, the Pampas plains are one of the biggest swaths of arable land in the world, so it won't be an easy fight.
March on Cordoba
The province of Cordoba has always had trouble aligning with the views of the capital, Buenos Aires. As the leaders of the coalition against Carlés, and due to its distance from the capital, the people of Cordoba have proven to be tough to deal with and will require specialised forces to keep them in check.
Consolidate Mendoza
Famous for its wine production, the region of Mendoza is a key economic and strategic area for our nation, considering the largest and safest mountainous passage towards Chile lies there, and thus has to be brought back under our control at all costs.
Temor Rojo
Even though almost all socialist sympathisers fled south after the FOP proclaimed its independence, some have remained amongst us, waiting for the time to backstab us and finish what the FOP started, giving us the perfect excuse to eradicate dissidents amongst the opposition with national security in mind.
Eradicate Conservative Resistance
As our grasp on the nation becomes stronger by the day, there are still those who see our regime as an offence to Argentinian democracy and Argentinian values, and who plot in the shadows to overthrow us. Punitive actions and propaganda against these traitors should bring the population back in line and quell any possible resistance.
Fall of Tucuman
Tucuman is not a key industrial centre in our nation by any stretch, but it's a city held dear by Argentine patriots. It's the city where our declaration of independence from Spain was finally signed, and where our country was born. Now, the very same city shall bear witness of a national rebirth when we finally take control over it.
Start the Corrientes Campaign
Tensions with the Paraguayans have forced us to be extra careful in handling this province and failing to do so may provoke Paraguayan aggression, especially in our time of weakness. However, Corrientes is our gateway to Misiones, and we refuse to surrender these provinces to any foreign foe!
Retake Santiago and Salta
An important mining district and our main production centre for the precious sugar cane, these provinces are an important vessel for our economy and it is our duty to retake them from rebel hands. While they are fairly underdeveloped for now, we have plans for these provinces. Time will tell if they will come to fruition.
[ARG_Political_Dominance_name]
[ARG_Political_Dominance_desc]
Successful Countercoup
Carlés and his fanatics have been deposed and the people are once again free to choose their own destiny! Let us all rejoice for the greatness of our Republic!
Safeguard Democracy
Military coups and oppressive policies from populist parties like the LP have left us bled dry and drifted away from democracy. We shall install legal safeguards so that never again can our rights be venerated by extremists. The Constitutional Supremacy Principle shall not be questioned anymore!
Stability on the Streets
Even though the main force of the LP has been defeated, supporters of the movement are not willing to give in so easily and have openly challenged their rivals on the streets of Buenos Aires. Riots, brawls, shootouts and assassinations have become commonplace and it's now our duty to restore law and order to our country!
Crack Down on the Liga Patriótica
Failing to achieve their ambitious goals for Argentina, it is time to rid ourselves of their pathetic remnants and to rise from the ashes reborn and stronger than before.
Free Elections of the Republic
The people have spoken and it's full democracy that they desire! While not everyone may be content with the results, all agree that democracy is the way forward and the government shall respect the will of the people.
Start Social Reforms
Labour disputes between the government and the working class have been a red line throughout our predecessors' rule. Based on the example of progressive European nations whilst combining it with a distinct Argentinian nature, we hope to provide a strong social solution to the issues that have plagued the nation and hopefully learn from the mistakes of the past.
Continue Social Reforms
Labour disputes between the government and the working class have been a red line throughout our predecessors' rule. Based on the example of progressive European nations whilst combining it with a distinct Argentinian nature, we hope to provide a strong social solution to the issues that have plagued the nation and hopefully learn from the mistakes of the past.
Stepping Stone towards the Welfare State
The State is here for the people and not to please faceless capitalists organisations. Through a continued social programme, we will try to strive towards a so-called welfare state where our citizens can rest assured that the government will help them subsist in this harsh world.
Power of Capital
Since our nation was born, Argentina has had a meteoric rise to the top amongst some of the wealthiest nations in the world. The unpaid debts the British left after their collapse and the subsequent rebellion by the FOP may have delayed us, but nothing shall not stop us in our way towards prosperity! After all, money makes the world go round and Argentina is part of this world.
Attract Foreign Investment
We lack the capital and technical know-how to fully develop our industrial prowess and we should thus search for foreign assistance and attract ventures by relaxing some of the industrial laws.
Uphold Civil Liberties
Individual Freedom is guaranteed by our constitution and should always be our number one priority. Never again shall a movement like the LP be allowed to infringe upon these rights!
Encourage Free Thought
Our Youth is the future of Argentina and we should not hamper their intelligence and inventiveness with government restrictions out of fear for the future.
Uphold the Status Quo
The recent developments in our country have left our populace really distrustful of radical politicians. Our people need solid ground to stand on and the radical ideas other parties encourage might be the chance we need to secure our popularity. As a bonus, plenty of officers in the army support us, which allows us to move a bit more freely without the fear of a treacherous coup.
Church Ties
Faith is a key pillar of Argentine society and our ties with the church are vital to staying in power. Encouraging their development projects and allowing them near unlimited freedom will surely prove to be a wise decision.
Long Live the Republic!
We've had a few tough years behind us but the spirit of the republic has survived and we stand stronger than ever before! We shall uphold the system for which our forefathers fought! ¡Viva Argentina!
Rigged Elections
Our people don't know what good is for them, they might even throw themselves at the hands of the FOP or LP radicals if allowed! They need a strong guardian to protect them in their time of need... like General Ramírez!
Restrict the Press
Fake news has engulfed the press, with smearing campaigns towards our government running wild, and should be put to a stop... for the greater good of the country of course! We only seek to protect the truth from those who seek to twist it in their favour.
Military Supremacy
We should show the world that Argentina will not be toyed with and that our army stands amongst the strongest in the world. We have looked up to Europe in the past, and we shall do so again until our military is on par with their standards.
Cracking down on Socialism
Red is the colour of these vile rats and also the colour of their blood flowing through the streets once we're done with them!
Conservative Values
We should get inspiration from our grand past when we showed our enemies who rules the Southern Cone and tighten our ties to the Catholic Faith to ensure our people follow a moral code.
Ties with Germany
As our primary trade partner, it only makes sense that Germany is our first pick for an alliance. While Ramírez is a fan of seeking closer ties to the Germans, especially considering the huge amount of German migrants Argentina has received over the years, others have voiced their concerns and could act if we would risk Argentinian neutrality by joining a faction that might draw our peaceful country into war.
First Five-Year Plan
Even though we pursued rapid industrialisation in the last decade to cope with the loss of British imports, our economy is not on par with our European examples. The Black Monday Crisis has shown this vulnerability to parliament which is likely to approve a so-called 5-year plan to propel Argentina into the 20th century.
Reduce Reliance on Textile
We have routinely relied on our agricultural and textile products for decades but competition with the other nations has become tough, forcing us to adapt the industry to a more modern equivalent and diversify the economy.
Renegotiate with Our Trade Partners
Tough terms have been presented by our trade partners but we have no other choice but to accept if we wish to keep our economy alive.
Budget Cuts
Black Monday severely cripples our economy, and unfortunately, without budget cuts we can't overcome it. Social payments and army funding have to be reduced until the economy is stable enough to support them.
Railway Expansion Plan
While Argentina already has a railway network, to continue the industrial growth our industry railways should be expanded and modernised. This will also help with supplying our troops during the war.
War is coming to Argentina and we must be prepared. As the hammer strikes the metal and the factories work overtime, the Argentinian war machine is taking shape, ready to meet any challenge.
FM Investment Programme
To further provide the necessary arms for our growing army, the government has announced a programme to fund and create the 'Fabricaciones Militares', capable of providing our army with all the small arms they need.
Strive for Autarky
To power our factories we need iron ore, coal and steel which we sorely lack. Rumours of reserves, however, have surfaced and we could try to investigate the value behind these and thus work towards creating a more self-sufficient system.
Export to South America
Our agricultural products and consumer goods are flooding the South American markets granting a major boost to our national economy and an increased reliance of our neighbours on us.
Economic Reinvigoration
The woes of Black Monday seem to be nearing their end and even though our economy has had it rough, government intervention seems to have taken the brunt of the damage.
Import New Industrial Technologies
Modern industrial methods and widespread machine usage can considerably enhance production output and quality of created products.
Shift to Consumer Goods
Recent inventions like the SIAM Family Fridge and other small appliances are making headway on the global market and have led to increased interest worldwide in the Argentinian consumer goods industry.
Banco Central de la Republica Argentina
To replace our currency board and its failure to deal with the Black Monday crisis, a new national bank will be created in Buenos Aires to serve the nation and allow us to fund our state projects.
Halt the Economic Downturn
Massive state interventionism and the growing war industry due to the mobilisation have enabled us to mitigate the effects of the Black Monday Crisis somewhat.
Open Universidad Nacional de Cuyo
With the recent events regarding the LP takeover, old rivalries between the Capital and the interior cities have been revived, and now the people of the provinces of Mendoza, San Juan and San Luis are unhappy that they're forced to move to Buenos Aires in order to get a higher education. We consider their demands as fair, and as such, we have decided to found the 'Cuyo National University'.
YPF Expansion
Now that we control Patagonia, we shall let the state-owned 'Yacimientos Petroliferos Fiscales' expand their operations there. General Enrique Mosconi has shown plenty of interest in the project and has asked us to put him charge of YPF. Considering his experience in engineering, we believe that he can lead YPF to new heights, so we shall name him 'Director General' of YPF.
Economic Control over Argentina
With riots crushed and all provinces secured by the ruling government, we can start fixing the economy that has been struggling to function since the end of the Weltkrieg.
Dispersed Military Production
Centralising our military production could prove to be detrimental to our nation in times of war since the loss of our industrial centres would mean the end of Argentina. Therefore, the planning committee has decided to spread out the manufactories and secure supply lines even in the worst situations.
Reduce Reliance on Foreign Equipment
Tanks, Planes, Guns and so much more are being imported from abroad with limited domestic manufacturing. If we are to stand up to the other powers of the world, we need to start bringing this production home.
Domestic Aircraft Manufactories
American and German aircraft compose most of our air fleet and while they are capable planes, they are produced outside of Argentina and thus are an unreliable source. To amend this, we shall fund the new 'Instituto Aerotecnico', which shall provide us with the latest aeroplane models.
Attract Foreign Manufacturers
Our nation has a massive untapped potential which could be exploited by foreign investors. Reducing the requirements for these companies to settle here and offering them extensive subsidies will surely bring these to our nation and boost our industry.
Mitteleuropean Panzer Deal
Close partnership with our allies abroad has given us access to their technological know-how in the form of Panzers. Purchasing some of these and investigating them on Argentinian soil could boost our own research.
Increase European Export
South America is an unstable mess and does not provide a large enough market for our products. Our partners in Europe, however, are desperate for our resources and will surely buy more if we up our production.
War Profiteering
With war waging on the European Continent, neutral powers like us look on and smell an opportunity to sell our products to the struggling nations... for a certain price of course.
Modernise Wheat and Cotton Farms
Now that the country has been reunited, we can concentrate on expanding, modernising, and mechanising our agricultural sector. With wars looming in Northern America and Eastern Europe, the world needs our food exports more than ever.
Modernise Livestock Farms
Now that the country has been reunited, we can concentrate on expanding, modernising, and mechanising our agricultural sector. With wars looming in Northern America and Eastern Europe, the world needs our food exports more than ever.
Modernise Forestry
Argentina has a lot of potential in the forestry industry because of its variety of climates, land quality, and consistent precipitation, which allows for the cultivation of various tree species at high growth rates. Creating a cycle of planting forests, harvesting wood, and exporting cellulose, paper, and furniture made from our wood can significantly benefit our economy.
Expand Fishing Industry
Expansion of our fishing industry may provide a large number of jobs for our people as well as a reliable source of food for both domestic and export needs. With wars looming in Northern America and Eastern Europe, the world needs our food exports more than ever.
Expand Excavation Industry
Our land is rich in resources, including iron ore. Expansion of local excavation and steel production can reduce our reliance on steel imports while also creating new jobs.
FOP Debacle
The Rio Negro has been the unofficial border between us and the rebels for years. While skirmishes occur regularly, no decisive actions to solve the crisis have thus far been successful.
Build up Defences
Our southern border is unprepared for any FOP counterattack and should be reinforced before we attempt any offensive actions. We still have some left-over forts from the time when President Roca had to deal with the raiding Mapuche savages, so modernising them would be a wise choice.
Mobilise the Reserves
The time for war has come and nations all around the Southern Cone are mobilising for what is deemed to be unpreventable now. Argentina has acquired a lot of manpower in the last 50 years with the open immigration policies, so if we mobilise faster than our rivals, we may gain the upper hand.
Look for Allies
While the Argentine Army is a formidable force, it may be wise to look for allies in our neighbours who share the same distrust for Socialists and Brazil.
Sign a §YPact of Lima§! with Peru
To ensure a mutually beneficial pact between our two nations, we should sign a defensive pact between our two nations where we will protect each other should war come to our shores.
Bolivian Negotiations
After their humiliating defeat in the Chaco war, Bolivia is more than eager to retake their lands from Paraguay which could come in handy should those criminals attack us while we're busy elsewhere.
Strike Now!
All Diplomacy has failed, the moment to strike has arrived!
Reintegrate Patagonia
The Patagonian rebellion has been terminated at last and the reintegration of their lands will prove to be a tricky task for our government. While the Patagonian population is completely exhausted, they will still prove to be a thorn in our side unless we take drastic action.
Infrastructural Expansion
To improve relations with the Southern provinces and to connect them to our rail network, we have plans for a major upgrade to the infrastructure of the underdeveloped region.
From Shore to Shining Shore
From the Atlantic to the Pacific, our armies stand supreme. Like San Martin before our time, we have crossed the Andes and delivered the killing blow to our enemy. This is clearly a great day for Argentina and therefore the World!
Eradicate Syndicalist Insurgents
As our agents work on eradicating Chilean resistance to the regime change, internally the secret forces are working overtime to ensure a united and socialist-free Argentina!
Islas Malvinas Naval Expansion
While they prove to be a strategic location for our fleet, the Islas Malvinas are mostly a symbol for Argentine patriotism and further expanding their facilities will show our people and the world that the Armada stands armed and ready for any possible invasions!
Confederate States of the River Plate
The Syndicalist menace has been shown their place and the Argentine State rules supreme. The time has now come to rally the people of the Southern Cone and unite them into a Catholic Federation under our wing.
Punish Paraguay
Paraguay cannot be trusted and their mere existence is a disgrace to our nation. We should strike fast and hard to rid the world of this plague.
Military Occupation of Paraguay
The Paraguayan population has proven to put up tougher resistance than we expected and are forcing us to spread our garrisons thin. Others, however, have shown eagerness to join our ranks and fight for the Federación.
Ideological Persecution
Some of our new citizens seem to have the strange idea that their ideological ideas are relevant to Buenos Aires. A gentle little push in the right direction should change their minds.
Expand Agriculture in Paraguay
Paraguay is mainly agricultural economies but its mechanisation process has barely started which has dragged output down drastically. Our experience and know-how will be used to assist these lands and enrich them like we have our own. Cotton production and animal farms can greatly benefit from our investments.
Expand Agriculture in Uruguay
Uruguay is mainly agricultural economies but its mechanisation process has barely started which has dragged output down drastically. Our experience and know-how will be used to assist these lands and enrich them like we have our own. Animal husbandry and crops production can greatly benefit from our investments.
Uruguay is Ours!
Uruguay is an artificial construct and has no reason to be independent. The time has come to bring them closer to our sphere of influence and reduce their reliance on Brazil.
Integrate Uruguay
We should remove the last few obstructions that are blocking the full integration of the Uruguayan lands and make them full Argentine citizens.
Connect the Railroads
Our railway network is quite advanced but connections to our newly acquired territories are limited at best, slowing down our integration and troop movements in the area.
Improve Economic Ties with New Provinces
After successfully developing themselves into large companies in the Argentinian homeland, we should enable the smaller industries of our acquired territories to develop themselves into powerful players.
Yacuiba Dispute
Ceded to Bolivia during the Atacama border dispute in exchange for their part of that region, the region of Tarija is closely aligned to Argentina and has proven to be in favour of reunification with our nation. Persuading Bolivia to see it this way, however, will be a challenge.
Pacify Peru
With socialists controlling Peru, we have no other choice but to invade them and install military government instead. We cannot allow the disease to spread any further!
Expand Mining Facilities
Massive tin and tungsten deposits can be found under the Bolivian ground but due to their corrupt and inefficient government have been mostly left untouched. Our expertise and rigid bureaucracy can provide the means to fully exploit these reserves.
Mitteleuropean Resource Industrialists
Our access to the Bolivian reserves has attracted resource industrialists from all across Mitteleuropa who are interested in the Tungsten reserves, a resource they desperately lack.
Break up Socialist Revolters
Socialist supporters are still have a strong ground on conquered territories and can potentially cause instability in puppet regimes. These will have to be cleared up if we wish to establish full control over the region.
Misiones Orientales
While our claims on Brazilian territory are shaky at best, we need to break up the behemoth before he grows out of control.
Coordinate the War Effort
Brazil is numerically superior to us and has a large industrial base to back them up. The only way we can have a chance at defeating them is by a tactical advantage and coordinated planning efforts. We will conduct a joint war planning with our allies to prepare invasion against Brazil.
Ensure Supply Lines
The Brazilian wast territories will make supplying our troops a tough challenge, so our engineers are working all day round to prepare the necessary infrastructure near Brazilian border. New railroads and supply hubs should make the initial part of the invasion easier.
Ultimate Confrontation
The time has come to beat the green giant into submission. The last time we fought against them was in 1825. They had the same advantages they have today against us, and we prevailed with resounding victories like the Battle of Ituzaingó. Let us pray that God is on our side this time as well!
Seize Brazilian Rubber Plantations
With the Brazilian hegemon demolished, we can use its resources to achieve economic dominance throughout South America. One of these resources is Brazilian rubber plantations, which we will take as well as build a new port to transport rubber to Argentina.
Impose Heavy Reparations
Brazil lays beaten at our feet and can now be forced to support our economy through a programme of severe war reparations. Those will weaken Brazil and ensure our sweep afterwar recovery.
Tighten Ties with Peru
The defensive alliance between our two nations should be expanded to form a more concrete and offensive pact to oppose Brazil and syndicalists across the continent.
Joint Research Efforts
To better prepare ourselves we should pool our research resources and work together in the fields of science and innovation.
Subjugate South America
With Brazil beaten there is no one left to oppose us on the continent, and it is our opportunity to unite South America under our protection. We will ask them once to join our great pact - some may agree out of our military strength or because we have good relations with them, and if somebody don't agree - we can force them.
Economic Dominance in South America
With Brazil beaten there is no one left to oppose us on the continent and our economy is the prime motor of development for thousands of square kilometres. We can now achieve the greatness our forefathers foresaw for us and become the most important hub of commerce and industry of South America, and one of the most important of the world.
Neutralise the Threat
With radicals ruling the United States, we can't be sure that tomorrow they will not attack us, justifying their invasion with 'world revolution' or 'destiny' or any other nonsense they come with. Our only chance to guarantee the Argentinian Age in South America is to eliminate this threat while we can.
Secure The Frontier
Socialist disease has been purged in South America, but our northern neighbours are still suffering. We can cure them and secure our northern frontier.
Catholic Brothers around the World
All around Catholics are feeling the heat under the yoke of socialist tyranny. The only thing standing between the Syndicalist apocalypse and them are the brave Argentinian volunteers fighting across the world to preserve the faith.
Encourage Spanish Immigration
As Civil War grips all around the peninsula, thousands of Spaniards are fleeing the nation heading to safer places... such as Argentina. We should openly accept these refugees and welcome them to their new home.
Fallout of the American Civil War
As darkness overtakes America, thousands of refugees are flooding our nation hoping to escape the killing in their homeland. This could, however, be seen as a diplomatic move the possible victor of the civil war would not appreciate so we should tread carefully.
Protect the Heart of Christianity
In the heart of Holy See\nIn the home of Christianity\nThe seat of power is in danger.\n\nAs the Socialists march down to snuff the Papal resistance, we should send all we can spare to help the Pope in his struggle.
Refuge for Italian Scientists
All around Italy refugees from the wars are leaving their homes behind, searching for a better tomorrow. Amongst these are some of the finest intellectuals and scientists of Italy which could be persuaded to settle in our country.
Rapid Militarisation
After Carlés' coup, the military was in chaos. Now, that we have the country back under control, we must rapidly rebuild our military capabilities. If we fail to rebuild our once glorious army, our neighbours might assume that they can take over rightful Argentine territory.
Eradicate Military Cliques
Our army isn't a homogeneous structure, instead there are many different rivalling cliques dividing it. If we wish to render our army more efficient, we have to eradicate these cliques before their pointless power struggles and schemes weaken our army structure.
Expand Secretaría de Inteligencia
With syndicalists plotting near our borders, expanding our spies network should provide valuable information about enemies' movements.
Study the Weltkrieg Doctrines
Although the Weltkrieg ended long ago, valuable lessons can be learnt from strategies invented during the war.
Interwar Doctrines Development
After the Weltkrieg there were a lot of regional conflicts - infamous campaign in Patagonia in 1923, the Northern Expedition in China in 1926, Fourth Zhili-Fengtian War in 1928, the Chaco War in 1929 and so on. All they carry a lot of strategical lessons and it will be a waste not to learn them.
Import German Equipment
Argentina can maintain army but it doesn't have the resources to make everything on her own. By importing some equipment from Germany, we will be able to fill in the holes. It will be pricey but this equipment can be crucial on the battlefield.
Infantry Weapons Improvement
We must always remain ahead of our enemies in technology. The bulk of our army is made up of infantry, therefore we should invest more effort into the development of improved infantry weapons.
Artillery Advancements
Before engaging the enemy, we should soften their formations up. Georg 'Durchbruchmüller' Müller's performance during the Great War impressed both Peron and von der Becke by proving that huge barrages with large artillery can effectively pierce enemy lines if used in coordination with the infantry corps. Large artillery pieces should do the job quite well.
Focus on Support Companies
A lot of potential battlegrounds our military has to prepare for are difficult to reach and to traverse. If we wish for our military to be able to be adequately supplied in every terrain, we should form specialised battalions dealing with logistics.
Request German Attaché
With Argentinian annexation of [299.GetName], our relations with the Entente become very cold and the United States facing major internal problems, German colossus is the only strategical power that both has an interest in our region and has resources to spare. We should request the German attaché to bolster our army and navy tactics.
Military Complex Expansion
With country reunification, we are ready to expand our industry, and military complex is not an exception. Our generals suggest to construct new factories dedicated to munitions, guns and artillery production.
Doctrinal Innovation
While our industry might not be on par with that of Germany, we nonetheless possess a decent industrial capacity. We should put it to use to make our military more mobile and harder fitting on the battleground. We should adopt a doctrine focusing on speed and firepower.
Focus on Infantry Doctrines
Every military needs a coherent military doctrine to guideline how the army should fight. Many generals suggest sticking with proven methods which have already shown their effectiveness in wars all around the world.
Experimental Tank Designs
A new type of vehicle has seen its first combat in the Weltkrieg: The tank. We should build our experimental tank designs to incorporate this promising weapon into our military.
New Mechanised Equipment
Our new experimental mechanised designs have proven to be able to reach speeds unimaginable with foot infantry and even cavalry. If we put this speed to our advantage, we will be able to have the strategic upper hand on the battlefield.
American Civil War Doctrines
In the aftermath of the Second American Civil War, the bloodiest conflict in the New World, a lot of military lessons can be learnt in such spheres as urban warfare, armour tactics, widespread militias usage and land-air coordination.
Second Weltkrieg Warfare Studying
The Second Weltkrieg is over - and it completely changed the nature of warfare. Trench warfare evolved into something completely different. Mobile warfare, widespread aviation usage, massive naval invasions - all lessons of the war will be learnt for decades, but the first ones can be learnt already.
Mountaineers Equipment
South America has a lot of hills and mountains, and to succeed in local conflicts, our forces should be prepared for war in mountains.
Jungle Combat Training
With jungles covering a huge part of South America, our infantry should be trained to fight in jungle warfare to be ready in case they have to fight there.
Republican Air Force
Previously, only the birds flew above Argentina. With the Weltkrieg, the aircraft has proven to be a vital military piece of equipment. In order to control the skies above Argentina, we must fund the FAA, which stands for 'Fuerzas Aerea Argentina'. While it shall be subordinate to the army until it consolidates, we hope to make it as strong as our army and navy are at the moment.
Rain down Hell
Not only does the aircraft permit leisure flights over the Andes, but it also permits to penetrate deep into enemy territory. By constructing large bombers which can carry a large payload of bombs, we can damage and destroy vital enemy infrastructure from the air.
Fighter Focus
Our bombers can bomb enemy infrastructure, but so can the enemy bomb ours. We must develop more advanced fighters to intercept and destroy enemy aerial formations.
Close Air Support
Bombers don't have to be large and heavy, they can also be as small as a normal fighter. These more agile planes will be perfect to support our ground forces on the battlefield with precision bombing strikes.
Doctrinal Advances
Ever since the creation of the 'Fuerza Aerea Argentina', it has greatly developed. In order to render it an equal military force to the army and navy, we must develop new aerial doctrines.
Combat Experience
In theory, our bombers can easily bomb enemy ground forces while our fighters stop any hostile aircraft. In practice, the situation in the air can become quite chaotic. With air combat experience gathered during the Second American Civil War, we can improve our aerial doctrine.
Pilots Training
Getting modern aircraft is not enough to succeed in air combat. With providing extensive training for our pilots, we increase their chances to achieve combat goals and return alive.
Paratrooper Corps
Our bombers can penetrate deep into enemy territory. What if we were to repurpose these bombers to transport army units to positions behind the enemy lines?
Armada Argentina
The Armada Argentina (Argentine Navy) is currently the 8th most powerful navy in the world, preceded only by the European powers, the US and Japan. We also have the current largest navy in South America, and it'd be in our best interest to maintain this naval hegemony.
Fleet on the Open Seas
With most of our trade depending on sea lanes and many of our cities sitting on the Atlantic's shores, we need a fleet capable of maintaining control in the Open Seas, no matter the foe they might face
Escort Ships
Argentina is considered to be the 'Granary of the World'. However, this reputation would be ill-founded if we allowed our transports to be sunk by rogue enemy ships. In order to protect these ships and their valuable cargo, we have decided it will be smart to invest in escort ships
Quick but Powerful
Sea Warfare is changing. It's no longer enough to fit huge guns into large armoured mechanical sea monsters, it's also necessary for them to be able to catch up and flank enemy fleets effectively and to be able to dodge enemy fire that would otherwise be lethal.
Submarine Focus
Naval High command acquired three Sicilian submarines 4 years ago. Since then, the 'Tarantinos', as they've been called by their crews, have performed remarkably well, and naval commander Ramón A. Poch insists in the potential this invention has for the future of naval warfare and that we should continue to invest in them.
Battlecruisers
Our ten-year long investment in our navy is paying off with the presence of several battleships in our docks. However, we realised we lack a middle ground between our heavily armed but slow battleships and our lightly armed but fast cruisers. To fill this gap, we've decided it'll be best to invest in modern Battlecruisers.
Coastal Protection
Our people's prosperity depends on keeping an open route to the sea. With that in mind, we can't allow the enemy to mine our shores and ports, so we need to invest in minesweepers and better spotting mechanisms for our navy.
Light Cruisers
The 'Trento' class cruisers we bought a few years ago from the Sicilian Dockyards have become great additions to our fleet. Unfortunately, they are way too heavily armed for our current needs. However, our engineers have been hard at work to develop a better and lighter version that will give their bigger cousins a run for their money.
Naval Aviation
Aeroplanes have risen to prominence in the last decades and that is something we cannot deny. While we might be hard-pressed to match any of the top naval powers in the world, we could compensate our lack of strength with planes that might tip the odds of a naval battle in our favour.
Expand Talleres Navales de la Marina
Rising tensions with the other naval powers of South America and the necessity to stay competitive have forced us to consider an expansion of our dockyards and who better to do this than Talleres Navales de la Marina?
Fleet Movements
It's not enough that we have a fast, sturdy and powerful navy if our officers don't know how to take advantage of their ships capabilities. We will take our officers into the sea with these ships and perform naval exercises.
Protecting the Coast
Our three main port cities, Buenos Aires, Mar del Plata and Bahia Blanca are currently unprotected from a naval invasion if our foes managed to tie down or destroy our fleet. To guard us against this eventuality, we have decided to focus on making strong fortifications in the cities and some light forts all along the coastline.
Comando de Infanteria de Marina
While the Argentinian Marines haven't had many chances to prove their worth, the exploits of Captain Hipólito Bouchard back in the day have proven the value of a landing force. If we ever hope to match and surpass other modern marine forces, we need to expand our separate command for our Marines, the 'Comando de la Infanteria de Marina'
Oficina Central de Hidrografía
In naval warfare, it's not just about having better ships and officers. We need to expand the Oficina Central de Hidrografía (Central Office of Hydrography) in order to better analyse weather, naval geology, oceanography and nautical cartography not just of our home waters but also those of our enemies. Our enemies will find we're at home wherever we may encounter them.
ASTARSA Expansion
The 'Astilleros Argentinos Rio de la Plata S.A.' (Argentinian Dockyards of the La Plata River S.A.) is one of the most important naval companies we have in our country. Expanding their facilities will help us produce a navy that will make the socialists tremble!
Naval Academy
Expanded courses for naval officers should give our fleet advantage, especially when operating in home waters.
New Ship Equipment
New ships will not be effective enough without new guns, torpedoes, mines and other critically important modules. Our engineers are focused on improving existing equipment and creating new.
Five Year Plan
To help our economy recover from Black Monday and create a rejuvenated sense of Argentine nationalism, the government has decreed a so-called Five-Year Plan to improve our national infrastructure and accommodate our growing population.
Project La Mesopotamia
Project Neuquén
Project Jujuy
Project Mendoza
Completion of the Five-Year Plan
La Viña Dam construction project
To further boost Cordoba's industrialisation process, the local administration has proposed the construction of a large hydro-electric installation to not only power the region's evolving industry but also to provide irrigation for thousands of acres of agricultural land, the province's main economic engine. Even with governmental support, the construction will take time to complete, but the investments should pay back in the long run.
European Immigration
The collapse of nations all over Europe after the Weltkrieg and the rising tensions between the socialist block of the Internationale and the rest of Europe have given rise to an increased level of immigration towards our great nation. Further crises throughout the continent could even further boost these numbers and could prove an opportunity to further boost our population. To attract new immigrants directly, we should end the long-lasting civil war first.\n\nProjected Immigration Report for [GetYear] : §G[?ARG.arg_im_factor]%§!
Attract [FROM.GetAdjective] Immigrants
Adds $RIGHT|Y0%%$ to the §GImmigration Factor§!.
Removes $RIGHT|Y0%%$ from the §GImmigration Factor§!.
Striving towards Self-Sufficiency
While the agricultural power of our nation goes without saying, much of our raw resources and industrial equipment is shipped in from abroad, making us dependent on our trade partners to meet our needs. To combat these issues, the government has outlined 5-year plans in which we will build up and develop our heavy industry and most importantly fix our steel deficit.
Found the Universidad Tecnológica Nacional
Purchase German Railway Companies
Purchase Canadian Railway Companies
Seize Canadian Railway Companies
Seize German Railways
Foreign Policy
Pressure Uruguay
As the Brazilian grip on the region has suddenly become ideologically opposed to that of Uruguay, we should offer them our protection to deter any possible Brazilian escapades.
Apply for the Reichspakt
Apply for the Entente
Import Foreign Equipment
Purchase Interwar Rifles from Germany
Purchase Support Equipment from Germany
Purchase Interwar Artillery from Germany
[ARG_integrate_state_decision_scripted_loc]
[ARG_integrate_state_decision_scripted_loc_desc]
Integrate [FROM.GetName]
[FROM.GetName] was annexed after a successful military campaign. To make the state a proper component of the country, we must crush the partisans while also installing a loyal civilian administration and integrating them into our national identity.
Reintegrate [FROM.GetName]
After many years of Patagonian rebellion of 1922, [FROM.GetName] is returned back to Argentina. A lot of work lies ahead to reintegrate [FROM.GetName] - the socialist uprising left deep wounds that we must heal.
Economic Reinvigoration
The economic potential of [ROOT.GetName] is immense due to its natural resources and hard-working people. Additional investments in the economy can boost our growth.
Build Dockyard in [FROM.GetName]
Mass Dockyard Construction in [FROM.GetName]
Modernise Wheat And Corn Farms in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Cotton Production in [FROM.GetName]
Modernise Livestock Farms in [FROM.GetName]
Land Reform in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Forestry Industry in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Fishing near [FROM.GetName]
Construct New Arms Factory in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Military Production in [FROM.GetName]
Expand YPF Operations in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Oil Extraction in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Local Roads in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Tungsten Excavation in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Tungsten Excavation in [FROM.GetName]
Expand Coal Mining
Found Acindar
Expand Iron Ore Mining in Patagonia
Buenos Aires-Lima Axis Decisions
The increasing power of the socialists on our continent has left Argentina vulnerable. To combat this threat as well as to counter Brazil, a pact of mutual support between Argentina and Peru has been proposed to bolster up our defences. This pact is also the stepping stone for expanding and solidifying Argentinian influence over the continent.
Dismantle Faction
It is time we reconsidered leading our own military alliance, and instead look to join others who fight to end the scourge of syndicalism.\n§CNote:\nThis decision permanently dismantles the [ROOT.GetFactionName]. Doing so will allow us to join the Reichspakt or Entente, but will remove foreign policy options available to us as faction leader.§!
Invite [FROM.GetNameDef] to a Research Group
§7Unlock decisions to invite members of our faction to a research group.§!
Subjugate [FROM.GetNameDef]
$ARG_Subjugate_South_America_desc$
§nUnlock decisions to 'invite' countries in South America to our faction, with use of force if needed.\n\nIf target county is independent, is not in faction and doesn't have socialist government, they will receive an ultimatum. The chance of them accepting depends on our military strength compared to theirs and on their opinion on us.§!
Neutralise the Socialist Threat in [FROM.GetNameDef]
Enable decisions to topple socialist regimes in §YCentral America§!.
All countries in §YSouth America§!:\n   Is in faction with §YArgentina§!
Chaos reigns supreme in Argentina as the LP under Manuel Carles is in the midst of a military coup to take full control of the country. Meanwhile, syndicalist supporters are still holding on to their rump state in Patagonia, thwarting all offensives thus far. Pressured by the fact that war is all but unavoidable, industrialisation has been kick-started in the nation out of necessity. While initial reports indicate some success, there is a long way to go...
GFX_ARG_intro
Status of Argentina
By the early 20th century, Argentina was enjoying a booming and fast-growing economic prowess based on its meat and cereal exports. Immigrants from all over Europe flooded towards the Republic and vigorous entrepreneurship and a nascent industry quickly propelled Argentina forwards as one of the most prosperous nations on the planet. Trade relations were secure and exports to the United Kingdom and Germany kept increasing.\n\nWhen the Weltkrieg however struck, Argentina was forced into neutrality unwilling to side with either its most important economic partner, the UK, or its second most important one, Germany. By steering between the two, sanctions were brought down by the British, enforcing an embargo on trade with Germany. While Argentina tried circumventing this by selling through third countries, the sales were not the same and the pre-WK miracle slowed down.\n\nAs the last years of the Weltkrieg approached, it became apparent to the UK that it was fighting a losing fight and ordered the Argentinian government and companies to ramp up production and exploit the nation to the fullest. Discontent with the increased demands and sick of British exploitation, the workers started to organise, protest and finally rise up in an armed revolt. Unable to fully contain the situation, the control of the Argentinian government on the uprisings went from bad to worse and by the mid-20s Argentina had lost control of Santa Cruz, Chubut and Rio Negro Provinces to the newly formed Frente Obrero Patagonico.\n\nThree subsequent democratically elected governments were tasked with solving the crisis but failed one after another. In response to their incapacity to rule, General Uriburu rose up in 1930 to attempt crushing the revolt. A reign of terror spread across the nation with socialist and syndicalist sympathisers massacred and pushed southwards. His dictatorship is however short lived as he dies from cancer two years later, forming a power vacuum and once more no large-scale intervention in the South.
The Christmas Coup
Elections are written out and through electoral fraud, the PAN under Roca successfully takes power, prompting a slow recovery from Uriburu's dictatorship and a changing attitude towards the FOP (Patagonian Workers Front). Small skirmishes into FOP territory are launched and the navy successfully retakes the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. Intervention from Chile, however, stops the government from achieving victory and temporarily ends the conflict with the FOP.\n\nWhen in 1935, rumours started surfacing that Roca may be attempting to end the conflict and leave the FOP alone, outrage across the nation erupts, enabling the Liga Patriótica under Manuel Carlés to gain the support they need - culminating in the Christmas Coup. Supported by the Navy and various military elements, Carlés coups the government on Christmas 1935, takes control over the capital region, and starts solidifying his hold on the nation.\n\nOn the first of January 1936, Carlés is still in the midst of his attempted coup - with success far from certain. Aside from the Buenos Aires capital region and a few small inland provinces, his control is nihil. Support from the ARA or 'Argentinian Armada' is guaranteed, but many of the military commanders in the Army doubt Carlés' potential and are organising to put down his coup.
§MLiga Patriótica§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
War in the Southern Cone
The war has begun between socialist Chile and Patagonia on one side, and Argentina on the other. Revolution or Counter-Revolution; which ideology will govern the Southern Cone? We must strike fast in order to ensure victory!
Patagonian War Plan
The war has begun between us and our Chilean comrades on one side, and Argentina on the other. Our generals have prepared battle plans to smash our enemy; we must move quickly to succeed!
Argentinian War Plan
The war to crush socialism in South America and finally reunite our country has begun. Our generals have prepared battle plans to smash our enemy; we must move quickly to succeed!
§OA small percentage of §Y[FROM.GetAdjective]§! units defect to the enemy!§!
§7Some units of §Y[FROM.GetNameWithFlag]§! defect to §Y[ROOT.GetNameWithFlag]§!!§!
§OThis will be our only opportunity to strike §Y[ARG.GetNameWithFlag]§! and retake §YMisiones§! and §YChaco Austral§!. §Y[302.owner.GetNameWithFlag]§! is closely watching our movements, and no doubt will strike when we are weak.§!
§O§Y[CHL.GetNameWithFlag]§! will be busy soon, so we can repay them in kind for taking our territories in past. Our spies in §Y[PAR.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]§! are also reporting that they have started mobilisation; it is possible that they will involve themselves in a war.§!
northern government now demands
southern rebels and their Chilean backers now demand
Manuel Carlés
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1875, in Rosario, Santa Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel Carlés began his political career when he joined the Union Civica Radical in 1891. He then climbed through the ranks of the party. He was assigned in 1918 as 'Interventor' of the Salta province. His methods granted him enough experience to be allowed to become a teacher in the 'Colegio Militar de la Nación' and the 'Escuela Superior de Guerra'.\n\nIn 1919 Carlés was appointed as a commander of the paramilitary volunteers that were sent in to end protests of the workers on English-owned plant. 'Liga Patriótica Argentina', as they called themselves, were responsible for the murder of hundreds of striking workers. In 1921 and 1922, during rebellion in Patagonia, LPA forces caused gruesome acts of violence against strikers both in Patagonia and during a general strike in Buenos Aires. It was at this time that the once idealistic, moderate Carlés turned into an ice cold & ultranationalist political hardliner with no regard for left-leaning elements within the state.\n\nIn 1926, Carlés was shot by an anarchist on open street in Palermo, Buenos Aires, but survived. In 1930 Carles actively participated in Uriburu coup who installed military dictatorship. In 1932, the military regime collapsed after Uriburu's death. After a power struggle, UCR member Julio Roca become the new head of state. Roca began to seek a peace settlement with the Patagonians. Carlés took advantage of the popular outrage and launched a coup d'état on 24 December 1935 when Liga with the support of navy and parts of the military captured the capital.\n\nUnlike Uriburu in 1930, Carlés doesn't have the full support of the Argentinian people, as many had been enjoying Roca's liberalisation attempts. This would make it much harder for the new junta to establish their control over the country in the direct aftermath of the regime change. Whether he'll be able to secure power and accomplish his promises of expansion and prosperity remains to be seen...§!
Juan Domingo Perón
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1895, in Lobos, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Domingo Perón, having grown up in the rural Patagonia, entered the 'Colegio Militar de la Nación' In 1911 thanks to a scholarship paid by Antonio M. Silva, a close friend of his grandfather. Despite becoming a national fencing champion, which turned him into a celebrity for the oligarchy, he's hardly had any relevant political position in his life, but the FOP's secession from Argentina has caused him great concern. After a short trip to Europe, he has changed his point of view regarding politics, and has returned to Argentina motivated by a will to help the working men of the country and take the nation to new heights. Now, with many in the lower classes, the trade unions and even in the Oligarchy desiring Peron's leadership, it remains to be seen if he will truly be able to achieve his promises...§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1895, in Lobos, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPeron entered the 'Colegio Militar de la Nación' in 1911 thanks to a scholarship a close friend of his grandfather, the doctor Antonio M. Silva, got him. In 1918 he won the national fencing championship and wrote several texts for the military regarding sports. He entered the 'Escuela Superior de Guerra' in 1926. During his years inside that school, he wrote several books regarding the military history of both Argentina and foreign countries, including a detailed analysis of the Eastern front during the Weltkrieg. For his work, he was assigned as a History teacher in the military school and has climbed the ranks steadily with his literary works on military theory and history.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the GOU.§!
Pedro Pablo Ramírez
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1884, in La Paz, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPedro Pablo Ramírez went to military school at a young age, even managing to serve in the German Army until 1913. He was one of the most active members of the 1930 Uriburu's coup d'état, and was his head of the information service of the general staff until Uriburu's death in 1932. Has a deep ties with the GOU, since his son is one of the founders, granting him a wide array of military and political contacts that he can use if the situation requires it.\n\nNow that Ramirez has managed to become a new dictator, he shall rule Argentina with an iron-fist, trying to enforce the discipline, nationalism and faith in Catholicism he was taught to the Argentine society at large. However, members of GOU still wield enough power to oppose Ramírez if his actions betray their nationalist and 'neutralist' views...§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1884, in La Paz, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from the Argentine military college in 1904 as a second lieutenant, Ramírez was promoted in 1910 as first lieutenant of the cavalry. Ramirez went to the German Kriegsakademie, where he joined the German Army in 1911 as Oberleutnant and left in 1913 to return to Argentina. Participated in a failed campaign during the Patagonia Rebelde in 1922. Served in General staff and by 1930 he was a head of Intelligence services of the General staff. Actively participated in the preparation of the 1930 Uriburu's coup d'état. After Uriburu's death in 1932 he avoided prosecution and continues to serve in General staff as he is one of the most competent and experienced officers. Has Catholic-Hispanist views, opposed to the secularism adopted by Argentina since the 1853 Constitution.§!\n\n§YNotes: Has a deep ties with the GOU, his son, Emilio Ramirez, is one of the founding officers.§!
Roberto M. Ortiz
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 24th, 1886, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRoberto Marcelino Ortiz signed up into the 'Universidad de Buenos Aires' to study medicine, but he was forced to change his career to Law due to a strike from the student's centre which caused the medicine section to be closed down temporarily. He affiliated the UCR and participated in the failed 1905 revolution. When the UCR split, he joined the UCRA and became public works minister for Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear.\n\nDespite his support for the democratic process, he supported Uriburu's coup, although he despised Uriburu's economic policies. After the Carlés coup, Ortiz has become convinced that the political corruption in Argentina has to end once and for all if democracy is ever to survive in Argentina, and will endeavour all of his efforts from the 'Casa Rosada' to strengthen the democratic process and end local corruption, with intervention if needed.§!
Alicia Moreau de Justo
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1885, in London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlicia Moreau de Justo was born in 1885 in the city of London, England. Her father, Armand Mureau, was a member of the French Paris Commune during the 1871 uprising and Her family was forced to move to Argentina in 1890. She met Hipólito Yrigoyen, who was professor of moral and civic instruction in her school, where they kept a friendly relation, with Yrigoyen beginning to inspire the young woman towards political activism. In 1906 she founded the Argentine Feminist Movement, joining the Socialist Party and later entering the 'Facultad de Medicina de la Universidad de Buenos Aires' in 1907, where she graduated as a Physician a few years later.\n\nHowever, with the Great War raging on and the anarchist uprisings, her views began to conflict with the more radicalised Ugartistas in the PS. As the Red Scare ran through the nation, she was forced to go underground until very recently. Always valuing democracy and pacifism, now Mureau has managed to become Head of State, where she is bound to try to take the country towards her vision of a new, equal and peaceful Argentina.§!
José P. Tamborini
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1886, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJose Pascual Tamborini joined the 'Union Civica Radical' when he was still in highschool. He was one of the mediators between the workers at the 'Taller Vassena' and the national authorities, where he failed to successfully reach a compromise, which lead to a major crackdown in the events leading up to the dreaded 'Semana Tragica'. His party didn't fare much better, as the increasing authoritarianism of Yrigoyen began splitting the party into the old 'UCR' and the new 'Union Civica Radical Antipersonalista'.\n\nTamborini joined the latter while he was minister of the interior during Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear's presidency. In 1935 he was chosen as national deputy, and his political experience has managed to allow him to get enough support to run for presidency. Now that he's head of state, it falls to him to bring about the reforms that Leandro N. Alem, founder of the 'UCR' back in 1891, had envisioned for Argentina, and end once and for all the corrupt practices that have plagued Argentinian democracy!§!
Robustiano Patrón Costas
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1878, in Salta, Salta Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRobustiano Patrón Costas graduated from highschool in 1895 and by 1900, he had graduated the 'Facultad de Derecho y Ciencias Sociales de Buenos Aires' as a Lawyer with a PhD in jurisprudence, accomplishing one of his father's last wishes before he died. Robustiano took over his father's company, 'Patrón Hermanos' and then went on to become involved in Salta's Politics until he was elected governor of the same province between 1913 and 1916 with an independent party. His government in that province was characterised by great political stability and financial balance, and became one of the first provinces to fully embrace the Saenz Peña law.\n\nIn 1932, with the death of Uriburu and the upcoming elections, he formed among other independent leaders the 'Partido Democratico Nacional', where he was chosen as head of the party. Now that Robustiano has managed to achieve presidency, his entrepreneurial spirit, fiscal responsibility and compromise skills will surely usher in a new age of economic prosperity for Argentina.§!
Nicolás Repetto
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 21st, 1871, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LNicolás Repetto graduated as physician from the 'Universidad de Buenos Aires' with plenty of experience in surgery thanks to a European internship which lasted until 1897. He was very active in politics from a young age, participating in the 'Revolucion del Parque' in 1890. Afterwards, he founded with his friend, Juan B. Justo, the 'Diario del Pueblo', one of the first socialist newspapers in Argentina. In 1900 he finally decided to affiliate to the 'Partido Socialista' which Justo had helped found, and then both founded the cooperative 'El Hogar Obrero' in 1905.\n\nWith the recent pass of the Roque Sáenz Peña Law in 1912, Repetto won his seat as national deputy with 48.778 votes for him at the City of Buenos Aires. He officially was national deputy on July 21st, 1913. There, he supported assistance to family farms and worked to expose abusive labour conditions on plantations throughout the north of the country.\n\nDue to the events of the Patagonian Rebellion between 1920-1922, Repetto went on a fishing vessel alongside other syndicalist and communist leaders to Puerto Madryn, the capital of the new Patagonian state which had seceded from Argentina. He is still part of the Partido Socialista, an alternate name to the Federación Obrera Regional Argentina (FORA), one of the three main factions in the FOP\n\nAfter the death of Juan B. Justo, he became the obvious candidate of the now more moderate Partido Socialista, but didn't manage to win the 1932 national elections. Now that he has managed to become president, he'll strive to turn Argentina away from the exploitative practices of the past and into a better, more egalitarian tomorrow.§!
José Peter
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1895, in Estación Lazo, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Peter, like many other 'Gauchos' from rural areas, was forced to move to the big cities in search of work, more specifically to the city of Zarate in 1923. His first political experience was in 1927, when he signed up with the 'Sindicato de Frigorificos de Zarate', where he helped create the 'Federación Obreros de la Industria de la Carne' with other trade unions of Zarate and Berisso.\n\nWhen Uriburu came to power, he was sent to the Ushuaia penitentiary after organising a successful strike where he demanded the company 'River Plate de Zarate' to pay their worker's wages which had been delayed for two months. Now that he's free and in control of Argentina, he'll make sure to provide justice for the workers from the exploitation of the bourgeoisie.§!
Ángel Borlenghi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1906, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LÁngel Borlenghi became involved in politics with the local socialists of Pompeya's neighbourhood at a very young age, joining the 'Gremio de Empleados de Comercio'('Trade Employees Syndicate') and the Socialist Party as soon as he came of age. Unlike the leadership within the Socialist Party, he liked to keep direct contact with the workers, which gained him a lot of support among the trade unions. Despite having an illustrious performance within the 'CGT' ('Central General del Trabajo'), he never managed to climb up the ranks within the Socialist Party.\n\nAfter Uriburu's coup and the subsequent crackdowns on anarchist, syndicalists and socialists, he was arrested and taken to the Ushuaia penitentiary. Now that he's free and sits within the 'Casa Rosada', He'll use his connections within the Trade Unions to lead Argentina to a better tomorrow with the worker's consent.§!
Arturo Frondizi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1908, in Paso de los Libres, Corrientes Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArturo Frondizi was a strong supporter of the UCR and a defender of democracy when Yrigoyen managed to win the presidency, but refused to participate in any sort of political activity. However, Uriburu's coup forced him to change his point of view regarding democracy, where he even refused attending his own graduation ceremony which Uriburu would attend to give him an Honour Diploma in Law.\n\nHe was arrested in a democratic demonstration in 1931. This very detention has made Frondizi decide to leave his work as a law professor and begin a career as a politician. At the end of 1932, he was arrested at another rally, and when he was released he joined the UCR.\n\nHe has since then joined a faction within the UCR that considers the approach of Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear to be too conservative, and he has made promises to bring more progressive reforms to Argentina and return to the economic policies Yrigoyen enacted. Now that he sits in the 'Casa Rosada', it remains to be seen if he'll be true to his word.§!
Ricardo Balbin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1904, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1922, when he became 18, Ricardo Balbín joined the UCR and moves to La Plata, where local political activism drove him to sign up in the 'Facultad de Derecho de la Universidad Nacional de La Plata', where he graduated as a lawyer in 1927, but hardly ever using his title as he has since then fully committed to his political career.\n\nHe was chosen as provincial deputy in 1932 and 1940, however, he resigned his last post in condemnation to the fraud that plagued local elections. He has since then left the UCR and joined the more moderate 'Partido Democrata Nacional', where he has promised to bring an end to the corruption that plagues Argentine society and finally usher in a new era of prosperity.§!
Edelmiro Julián Farrell
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1887, in Villa de los Industriales, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to an Irish migrant family, Edelmiro Julian Farrell enrolled in a military school and graduated in 1907. While no one doubts of his military ability and personal charisma, he was never prepared to be a politician. Now that the role of presidency has been thrust upon him after overthrowing Ramirez, he has become a mere puppet of the GOU's control over the country. He relies mostly on his vice-president, Juan Domingo Perón, to do most of the political work, where Farrell only ever appears in public ceremonies and signs public documents in the name of the GOU.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1887, in Villa de los Industriales, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of Irish migrants, Farrell graduated from the military school in 1908 as an infantry second lieutenant. He volunteered in 1924 to go to the Italian Republic in a mountaineer exchange programme, where he learned plenty of techniques of asymmetric warfare from the Alpini. He's got a distinguished service record, especially with his exercises with the 'Tropas de Montaña Andinas'. He's well-liked by his troops, who even call him 'Godfather Colonel Farrell', despite him having reached the rank of general.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the GOU.§!
Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1868, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMarcelo Torcuato de Alvear became involved in politics at a young age, helping organise a meeting in Jardin Florida which would lead to the 'Revolución del Parque', after which he became secretary for Leandro N. Alem. He continued serving Alem until his suicide, after which he left to France for a time and got married. He was elected deputy between 1912 and 1916 without even residing in the country, forcing him to return to Argentina during the Sáenz Peña regime, after which he became Argentinian ambassador to France, even donating a large amount of wealth for the construction of front line hospitals.\n\nDue to Yrigoyen's tumultous presidency between 1916 - 1922, with the secession of Patagonia, de Alvear replaced him as the Radical Civic Union's candidate for the 1922 elections and won the elections. Argentina saw slight economical improvement right until the British Revolution occurred, which led to the crash of the New York Stock Exchange in April of 1925. Despite this, de Alvear managed to turn the situation around by ordering the navy to capture the Falkland Islands and South Georgia, which were disputed territories between both countries. This increased morale and trust in the government, though as well as radicalisation of the military which had been previously humiliated by the Patagonian Rebellion between 1920 - 1922 and now stood in the shadow of the popular navy. He tried to reduce the FOP's influence in Argentina at large by granting better rights for workers in the country, although he had kept a hardline stance towards the FOP, mostly due to militaristic influences in his staff. Like his predecessor, Yrigoyen, he tried to intervene provinces that had their elections rigged by wealthy local elites, but his methods polarised the UCR and the UCRA even more. Nevertheless, his progressive social, educational and economic reforms have left a positive impression in the Argentine people, and now that he's been re-elected as president, he'll try to re-enact and continue the reforms for which he stood for in his first presidency.§!
Miguel de Andrea
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 5th, 1877, in Navarro, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMiguel de Andrea began his career after being ordained in 1899 by the Bishop of La Plata, Juan Terrero. He climbed steadily the ranks of the church until becoming the Head Priest of the San Miguel de Arcángel Church, and being named director of a Social-Christian Trade Union, the Circulos Obreros Catolicos, after the death of its founder, Federico Grote. However, unlike his founder, Miguel de Andrea took a hardline stance against the rising anarchist movements growing in the city of Buenos Aires, and as such quickly found himself aligning with the Liga Patriótica, taking part in their rallies and putting them into contact with the most reactionary sectors of the Argentinian branch of the Catholic Church.\n\nHowever, his views never aligned with the league, and he found himself coinciding more with the Portuguese Integralists who catered to his anti-liberal, ultra-Catholic and Corporatist mindset. While originally sceptic of a Brazilian victory, he quickly abandoned the Liga Patriótica as the defeat seemed imminent, and began pushing his contacts in the Brazilian church in order to proclaim his loyalty to the Integralists. Without any solid military or civilian leaders willing to obey Brazilian commands, Miguel was chosen as the provisional President of Argentina until a more stable government can be settled in favour of the Integralist doctrine, which Miguel believes will finally bring faith in God, the Church and the government back to the workers.§!
Agustín P. Justo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1876, in Concepción del Uruguay, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJusto went to a military school at the young age of eleven, where he joined the artillery corps. As a cadet, along with many other students and UCR members, he took part in the 'Revolución del Parque' which asked for greater democratic representation and the end of fraud that plagued Argentinian elections. He was arrested and then amnestied, managing to graduate in 1892 with the rank of second lieutenant and keeping many of the UCR contacts he met during the revolt. Without leaving his military career, he began studying engineering in the 'Universidad de Buenos Aires', becoming a military engineer in 1904. He was appointed as Headmaster of the 'El Palomar' military school in 1915, and minister of war in 1922 thanks to his connections within the 'UCRA'. He took part in the 1930 coup that Uriburu staged against Yrigoyen and has since then remained an influential figure within the army, with many looking up to him within the armed forces as he remains one of the few officers who wants the army to stay out of the political landscape.§!\n\n§YNotes: His son, Liborio, ran off to the FOP when they rebelled. While it is clear that he loves his country and his son, it's not clear which one he would choose over the other. Rumoured to be a member of the GOU, but no substantial evidence has been found to support this claim.§!
Juan Pistarini
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1882, in Victorica, National Territory of La Pampa, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a family of Italian migrants, Pistarini joined the military school in 1895. Despite the prevalent prejudice against Italian immigrants within the officer corps, he graduated as one of the top students in his class. He later proceeded to study engineering in Europe and, after graduating, returned to Argentina continue his military career. His climb through the ranks was meteoric, as he had reached the rank of major by 1921 and has now managed to become a general. He was sent to Germany to secure arms deals, where his expertise with the German language led him to leave a good impression to German Government officials, which led him to a promotion and further travels across the world where he was able to experience first-hand military breakthroughs and development, both in theory and in practice with war games. He was later assigned in 1934 as the garrison commander of the 'Campo de Mayo', the biggest military base in the country. With his knowledge of Engineering, and some concern for the environment, he managed to plant a million trees in the surrounding area of the base with the help of General Ricchieri.§!
Pedro Eugenio Aramburu
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1903, in Río Cuarto, Córdoba Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAramburu went to the military school as soon as he got out of high school, and achieved the rank of second lieutenant as early as 1922. His role in quelling up the FOP's insurgent groups has granted him a lot of respect within the armed forces, allowing him to reach the rank of General, while also granting him a lot of infantry combat experience.§!
Enrique Mosconi
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 21st, 1877, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMosconi, born to a half Irish, half Italian family of migrants, entered a military school when he finished Elementary school, and graduated with the rank of Second Lieutenant in 1894, when he was as young as 17. He was tasked to administer the 7th infantry regiment of Rio Cuarto, where he began writing 'Reglamento para la Infanteria en Camapaña', which was a manual detailing handling of explosives and the construction of improvised bridges. His work got him a promotion, and he was sent back to Buenos Aires, where he began studying Engineering in the 'Universidad de Buenos Aires'. In 1908 he took part in a graduate's commission to Italy, Belgium and Germany, where he got involved in the Pioneer troops Reichsheer, more exactly in the 'Battaillon Zehntes von Westphalia', while he did a PhD in the Artillery and Engineering Superior school of Charlottenburg. He returned to Argentina permanently in December 1914, after the outbreak of the Weltkrieg. He was named General Director of YPF in 1922, where he displayed a clear disgust for foreign companies exploiting Argentinian oil, and has since then gathered plenty of knowledge about oil usage.§!
Manuel Savio
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1892, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSalvio entered military school in 1909, graduating as second lieutenant in 1910. He was promoted to first lieutenant in 1915 and to captain in 1920. He graduated as an engineer in 1931 and has achieved the rank of General very recently. He has specialised during the last few years in the functioning of heavy industries.§!\n\n§YNotes: Prime candidate to become the next General Director of 'Fabricaciónes Militares'.§!
Humberto Sosa Molina
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1893, in Guaymallén, Mendoza Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHumberto joined a military school in 1909 and graduated in 1912. By 1927, he had already become a Captain and was an instructor of the Military School and other military institutions. He has managed to rise to the rank of general due to his involvement in containing FOP aggression in the south.§!\n\n§YNotes: Believed to be a member of the GOU but no substantial evidence has been found.§!
Arturo Rawson
§YBorn:§! §LJune 4th, 1885, in Santiago del Estero, Santiago del Estero Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LArturo got into the military in 1903, where he specialised as a cavalry officer and graduated in 1905. In 1923, some natives from the Toba tribe attacked the 'Nuevo Pilcomayo' fort, causing heavy casualties to the defenders. Rawson gained field experience as he was sent in a successful punitive expedition against those natives. He was also sent as a military attaché to Bolivia during the Chaco War.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the GOU.§!
Bernardo Alberte
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1918, in Avellaneda, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduated from military school in 1939, Alberte is a young yet enthusiastic officer. However, he's seen with distrust by other members of the GOU due to his contacts with the Partido Socialista, but his close relation to General Peron has made him stay within the ranks of the GOU and quickly climb the chain of command.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the GOU. Close to General Peron.§!
Manuel Domecq García
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1859, in Tobatí, Caraguatay Department, Republic of Paraguay§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel lost both of his parents in the War of the Triple Alliance when he was just 9. He was rescued by his uncle, and was sent to Argentina to be taken care of by another of his uncles. However, he split off accidentally from the group and deviated far away enough for his guardians not to be able to find him. He found a Brazilian horse in a field and managed to ride it, and the horse took him to his rider. The Brazilian cavalry officer thought of adopting him, but his Argentine maternal uncle, Manuel García Ramos, arrived just in time to reclaim him before the officer finished the paperwork. In 1877 he entered the Naval Military School, where he graduated as an officer cadet. He was afterwards sent abroad on several occasions to oversee construction of Argentinian ships in foreign countries. He got military experience when he was sent as an observer to Japan during the Russo-Japanese War. Manuel was amongst the founders of the Liga Patriótica, distributing weapons to the Liga during the anarchist uprisings in the '20s.§!\n\n§YNotes: Deeply connected to La Liga Patriótica.§!
Eleazar Videla
§YBorn:§! §L1881, in San Juan, San Juan Province, Argentine Republic§!
Isaac Francisco Rojas
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1906, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Council of Buenos Aires
§YFounded:§! §Lin Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Elpidio González
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1875, in Rosario, Sante Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!
Ramón Antonio Castillo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1873, in Ancasti, Catamarca Province, Argentine Republic§!
Argentine Parliament
§YFounded:§! §LMay 1st, 1853, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Miguel Ángel Zavala Ortiz
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 24th, 1905, in San Luis, San Luis Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe earned a law degree from the University of Buenos Aires and graduated as a lawyer in 1927. Miguel resided in Ro Cuarto (Córdoba), where he blends legal practice with political activism as the founder of the newspaper 'Tribuna,' which promoted democratic values. Ortiz met the 1930 coup with open hostileness and harshly criticised the José Félix Uriburu dictatorship. In June 1930 he was arrested and imprisoned, being released with Uriburu's death in early 1932.§!\n\n§YNotes: Went underground after Carlés' coup. Opposed to any dictatorship regime.§!
Segundo Rosa Storni
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1876, in Tucumán Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStorni graduated from the Argentine Naval School on December 29th, 1894. Served in the Argentine Navy and achieved the rank of Vice Admiral. In 1916 he published 'Intereses argentinos en el mar' (Argentine Interests in the Sea), an important reference work on defence and maritime interests.\n\nStorni left the military service in 1926 and began working in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, pushing the doctrine that claims Argentine rights over the continental shelf of Argentina and all its resources. He helped establish the Argentine Oceanographic Institute at Mar del Plata. Storni has a broader vision, which includes the need to grow marine interests in regard to maritime transport and the fishing sector, as well as all of its supporting businesses. His other published works are: 'Hydrographic works and Argentine limit in the Beagle Channel' (1905); 'Ballistics and explosives for the navy' (1908); 'Project of the regime of the territorial sea' (1911) and 'The territorial sea' (1926).§!
Luis Podestá Costa
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1885, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of Luis Podestá and Ana Costa. He received his law degree from the University of Buenos Aires, where he now works as a professor and dean of the Faculty of Economic Sciences.§!
Juan Isaac Cooke
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1895, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a dentist from the city of La Plata. He received his law degree from the National University of La Plata and has taught at the University of Buenos Aires for many years, becoming well-known among his students and for his books such as Politica Argentina (1927), Por la Democracia (1933), and Towards the Political and Economic Unity of the Nation (1935). He has been a member of the Union Civica Radical since his youth. During the José Félix Uriburu dictatorship in 1930-1932, he was imprisoned due to his pro-democratic views but was released shortly after Uriburu's death in 1932.§!
Diego Isidro Masón
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1887, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDiego Isidro Mason graduated from the Colegio Militar de la Nación in 1906 and the Escuela Superior de Guerra in 1921. Participated in unsuccessful campaign during Patagonia Rebelde in 1922. In the following years he was an instructor officer at the Colegio Militar before becoming the commander of the 9th Infantry Regiment stationed in Mercedes (Buenos Aires). He has been a director of the Arsenal Esteban de Luca since 1934.§!
Carlos Sylvestre Begnis
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1903, in Alto Alegre, Córdoba Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Sylvestre Begnis finished his secondary education at Rosario's Colegio Nacional. Together with a group of Colegio friends, he established the first night school for adults to combat illiteracy. His further studies were completed at the National University of Rosario.\n\nHe is a rural doctor who has worked as a surgeon at hospitals in Rosario, Santa Fe province, and currently he oversees the Surgery Room of Rosario Hospital. He is a master surgeon, and his surgical skills have gained him international acclaim, with him going to Europe and the United States to teach people.\n\nSince his adolescence, he has been a member of the Radical Civic Union and a great admirer of Leandro N. Alem and Hipólito Yrigoyen.§!
Alberto Gilbert
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1887, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn 1909, Alberto Gilbert graduated from the Colegio Militar de la Nación and served in several cavalry battalions. He afterwards attended the Escuela Superior de Guerra. Participated in a failed campaign during the Patagonia Rebelde in 1922. Between 1925 and 1930, he was a military attaché in Bolivia, and from 1930 to 1932, he was a military attaché in Portugal during the dictatorship of José Félix Uriburu.§!
José María Sobral
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1880, in Gualeguaychú, Entre Ríos Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LExplorer, soldier and geologist. The most notable period of his life is connected with 1901-1903 Antarctic expedition.\n\n16 October 1901 Otto Nordenskjöld, a Swedish geologist and geographer started an expedition to the American Antarctic quadrant on the 'Antarctic' ship, leaving the Port of Göteborg. On the way to the targer of the expedition - Snow Hill Island, Nordenskjöld had passed through Buenos Aires, where the Argentine government gave him supplies on the condition that he include in his wintering-over party a young Argentine naval officer, Lieutenant José María Sobral. In 1902, the expedition landed to Snow Hill Island in the Weddell Sea, where they planned to spend one winter.\n\nThe ship that was to return to pick them up, the 'Antarctic,' under Captain Carl Larsen's command, was crushed by ice and sunk, leaving the expedition to spend a second winter on Snow Hill Island. The survivors, including José Mara Sobral, spent two winters isolated from the world and were rescued in 1903 by the Argentine corvette 'ARA Uruguay'. Despite the great hardships endured, the expedition would be considered a scientific success.\n\nAfter returning home, Sobral left the army and moved to Sweden to study geology at Uppsala University, where he received his doctorate in 1913, making him the first Argentine to do so. He returned to Argentina in 1914 and served as National Director of Mining and Hydrology until 1924. He was appointed Argentine consul in Norway in 1930, but he returned to Argentina two years later to work for the Argentine national oil corporation YPF.§!
Carlos Sanchez Viamonte
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1892, in La Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHe graduated from the National University of La Plata as a lawyer in 1914, at the age of 22. He then taught Public Law and Constitutional Law at the same university. Once in practice, his studies concentrated on civil, commercial, and labour issues, but especially on the preservation of public liberties and the battle against human rights violations.\n\nDuring Uriburu's reign, his zeal for civil and political rights led to his persecution. On June 6, 1931, he was fired from his job in National University of La Plata and was forced to flee to Montevideo. After Uriburu's death in 1932, he returned to Argentina and is still a professor at the National University of La Plata.\n\nHis published works include 'Political Law' (1925), 'The law, like the knife' (1928), 'The last leader' (1930), 'Social defects of the constitution of 1853' (1933) and 'For civil and political freedom' (1934).§!
Alberto Teisaire
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1891, in Mendoza, Mendoza Province, Argentine Republic§!
Carlos Daireaux
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1871, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Héctor Vernengo Lima
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1889, in Goya, Corrientes Province, Argentine Republic§!
Antonio Parodi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1890, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Bartolomé de la Colina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1894, in Ciudad de Todos los Santos de Nueva Rioja, La Rioja Province, Argentine Republic§!
Pedro Castex Lainfor
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1898, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Marcos Zar
§YBorn:§! §LMay 31st, 1891, in Venado Tuerto, Sante Fe Province, Argentine Republic§!
Eduardo Lonardi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1896, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduated from the National Military College. In 1922, he took part in an unsuccessful campaign during the Patagonia Rebelde. He was appointed as a military attaché in Spain in 1930 and quickly established himself as a skilled intelligence officer. He was able to acquire intelligence about Communard actions, notably military and industrial help offered by France to Patagonian insurgents. Returning home in 1935, he now teaches at the Colegio Militar de la Nación.§!
