Italian Federation Focus Tree
FAR
Fascio d'Azione Rivoluzionaria
CGL-USI (IOS)
Confederazione Generale dei Lavoratori - Unione Sindacale Italiana (Sezione Italiana dell'Internazionale Operaia Sindacalista)
PdA
Partito d'Azione
LDR
Lega Democratica Riformista
PLD
Partito Liberale Democratico
PLI
Partito Liberale Italiano
PPI
Partito Popolare Italiano
MNDS
Movimento Nazionalista per la Democrazia Sociale
Governo Militare
ANI
Associazione Nazionalista Italiana
Consiglio Federale
Consiglio della Federazione Italiana
Agip
[ROOT.GetAdjective] State Railways
Danieli
Italcementi
Astaldi
Ansaldo
Industrie Belliche Liguri
Ducati
Ilva
Edison
Società Meridionale di Elettricità
Beretta
Armiguerra
Fabbrica d'Armi di Torre Annunziata
Breda
Ansaldo
Industrie Belliche Liguri
Acciaierie di Terni
Officine Meccaniche
Lancia
FIAT
Ansaldo
Industrie Belliche Liguri
Cantieri Navali Riuniti
Cantieri Navali di Livorno
Cantiere Navale di Ancona
Stabilimenti Navali e Meccanici Napoletani
Cantieri Navali Tosi di Taranto
Arsenale di Venezia
Macchi
Savoia-Marchetti
Caproni
Piaggio
IMAM
FIAT Aviazione
Reggiane
CMASA
Air Race Pedigree
Special Aerotorpedoes Unit
Remote-Operated
High Altitude Fighter Development
Italian Civil War
The Precarious Balance
As it stands, Italy is perched uncomfortably between the great powers of Europe. Each of the various governments have foreign sponsors who could potentially intervene in a renewed Italian civil war - but all of these sponsors understand that to do so would provoke their rivals, and risk drawing the entire continent into conflict. Their mutual unwillingness to take this gambit has helped ensure the peninsula's continued division.\n\nThis balance of power persists: all foreign aid to Italy thus far has been kept at arm's length, only to the level of material and expertise. As long as no state directly enters an Italian conflict, it will remain this way. However, if a foreign alliance does enter such a war, then all bets are off - and all other sponsors can be expected to join suit.
The Unstable Republic
When our nation was saved by Austria in 1920, the Habsburgs forced us to give much power to our constituent states, especially Veneto, as part of the Italian Federation. However, this has been adjourned for six years, effectively disbanded, creating a confusing bureaucratic situation. The opposition also causes no end of trouble, with some calling for the Federation's restoration and some calling for an end to democracy and Austrian influence altogether. The political situation is unlikely to stabilise any time soon.
The New Unitary State
The power of the states has been curtailed, and all authority now rests with the central government - a government which has eliminated elections and declared itself above responsibility to the people, for the good of the entire country. While the ANI enjoys a great deal of support, there is still considerable resistance to this new government - particularly from the republicans and regionalists in the country's former states.
The Federation Restored
Now that the power of the Federation Council has been restored, we face the long and difficult task of getting the people and civil service to accept as their government what they once thought of as a museum piece.
The Federation Rejuvenated
The authority of the Federation Council is mostly undisputed, both internationally and internally. The Council now looks to the restitution of its members' former lands.
Austrian Influence
Austria's influence is felt at every level of our nation, from its ownership over many of our companies to the loyalty owed by many of our most highly-placed politicians. Resentment against that influence is high, for even if they have protected us against the syndicalists they are still responsible for our loss in the Weltkrieg. Even so, cutting ties with Austria will prove a difficult and costly task.
Effects of Nationalisation
Our economy will need time to recover from our so-called 'divorce' from Austrian domination.
Economic Opportunities in Decentralisation
The ideals of the Italian Federation promote strong regional governments. This should make investing in local governments much easier.
[ita_navy_focus_name]
State of Emergency
Aviation Industry
Carina Massone Negrone's School
New Farms
Economic Miracle
Italian Research Institutes
Black Monday Hits Italy
Austrian and German companies selling stock at fatally low prices have ruined our economy. The government must act quickly to restore order to the markets.
Long Term Economic Planning
Market Protection
Combined Arms
Planning Schools
Armoured Cars
Subsidised Automotive Industry
Recovering Economy
Worker's Rights
Defend Italia
The Federation stands ready to defend the good people of Italy against any who might assail them!
Rebuilding Proletarian Italy
Nationalist Land Recovery
Tutti Eroi!
Corporate Alliance
Business Connections
Work Programmes
Church Ties
O la Vittoria o Tutti Accoppati
Blueshirt Attacks
Blueshirt Attacks
Blueshirt Attacks
Blueshirt Attacks
Opera Nazionale Dopolavoro
OVRA
The Italian Republic
Italy is Always Right
The Italian Federation
Black Monday is over
Italy has been reunited
Elections will be held later in the year
The 1937 General Election has occurred
Years of Lead
The ANI have taken power within the Republic
The Republic has held onto its democracy
The Federation Council has been Reinforced
Dissent in Venice has been eliminated
May use §YIrredentist§! decisions to claim territory\n
Historical 'Nautilus' Class Submarines
Historical 'SLA' Class Submarines
Historical 'F/H/N/X' Class Submarines
Historical 'Giacinto' Class Submarines
Historical 'SEI' Class Submarines
Popes
§LIf §Y[SRD.GetNameDef]§! does not exist, we are not already a §Ymonarchy§! and we are at peace with the §YEntente§!:§!
The §YPrince of Piedmont§! will become King of Italy as §YUmberto II§!
The §YDuke of Aosta§! will become King of Italy as §YAmedeo I§!
We will offer the §Yrestoration of the Monarchy§! under §YAmedeo I§!
We will offer the §Yrestoration of the Monarchy§! under §YUmberto II§!
[Italy_GetIrredentistFocusTriggerLoc]
Foreign Policy
It is crucial that we begin to shift our focus outward and forge alliances and/or establish ties with other nations so as to solidify our position on the world stage.
Remove Austrian Influence
The Austrians still hold a strong hold over the [Root.GetAdjective] economy - too strong, in fact. While it may cause some short-term pain, in the long term it would be worth our while to nationalise Austrian-owned corporations in [Root.GetNameDef] and declare our complete economic independence.
Attack the Austrians
Like a vampire of legend, [AUS.GetNameDef] has slowly drained the life from us. If we are to ever truly reassert ourselves internally and internationally, the Austrians must be vanquished.
Call on [From.GetNameDef] for Help
With [SRI.GetNameDef] at war with us, [From.GetNameDef] has to know they will be their next target should we lose. If they are wise, they will answer our call for help now before it is too late.
Venice in Revolt
The Venetians have risen up against the [Root.GetAdjective] government. We must prove that we are able to deal with them quickly, lest our neighbours grow confident that we are weak enough for them to step in and interfere.
Venice in Revolt
We have lost control of the situation in Venetia. Now we must deal with foreign intervention, on top of conquering the rebellion itself. If we fail to wrap this up within a few months, it is likely that the ANI government will collapse.
Ally with the Austrians
Austria has formed an alliance to protect southern Europe, or more correctly her sphere of influence. As we are within said sphere it would be to our benefit if we join their alliance.
Unite Italy
Italy is once again united! We must work on reintegrating our nation.
The time has come for Risorgimento to be completed - we must destroy [From.GetNameDef] and liberate the Italians living under their rule.
[ITA_GetInviteName]
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into [Root.GetNameDef]
Propose Restoration of the Monarchy
With the threat of the socialist republic now eliminated, perhaps now is the time to heal the rifts caused by the civil war. Since we are in a clearly dominant position on the Italian peninsula, it falls to us to lead the way.
Rally Support Within the SRI
There exists a network of resistance to the syndicalists within [SRI.GetNameDef], those who would rise up if called. They've been working ever since the civil war, and while their forces might ultimately not tip the balance in our favour, we can use all the help that's available.
Claim Libya
Until Italy's loss in the Weltkrieg meant our Libyan colony was restored to Ottoman rule, it was our most important colony - an extension of Italy itself, rather than some far-flung estate. We had great plans for the region. Now that our nation is restored, the time has come to claim what is rightfully ours.
Declare War on [From.GetNameDef]
The time has come to reclaim Libya, and that means a war with [From.GetNameDef] in order to get it. Viva l'Italia!
Demand Libya
[From.GetNameDefCap] is the current overlord of our Libya territory, and the time has come to demand that they return it to us... or it means war, just as it did in 1912.
Join the Reichspakt
With Austria now out of the picture, we stand as the strongest southern ally possible for the Germans - and we theirs.
Join the Entente
In 1915 we chose to side with the powers of the West, and we do so again! We'll let the exiled King return, and join the Homecoming for the restoration of order to Europe.
Align with Russia
The cursed Italian syndicalists are no more, and with their fall, so too leaves any reason for us not to join forces with the Russians, and crush the German-Austrian bloc for good.
Risorgimento
Italy has been divided since the Italian Civil War of 1920. Monarchists, Socialists, Republicans, and exiles glare at each other from behind their fortifications. In the face of this division, few are certain of Italy's swift reunification. God willing, however, we shall soon reunite all Italians in a new Risorgimento, like that of Cavour and the Savoyards seventy years ago.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Ticino
Ticino is a region of Switzerland primarily inhabited by Italians, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Nice
Annexed by France in 1860, Nice is properly part of the Italian domain, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Savoy
Annexed by France in 1860, Savoy is properly part of the Italian domain, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Upper Savoy
Annexed by France in 1860, Upper Savoy is properly part of the Italian domain, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Trentino
Once Italian territory, Trentino was passed to the Austrians after the Napoleonic wars, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Southern Tyrol
While our claim over the area is weak, Southern Tyrol is an extension of Trentino and was once part of the Roman domain. It is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Trieste
Long dominated by the Austrian Empire, Trieste is still a proper Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Gorizia
Once part of the domain of Venice, Gorizia is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Istria
Once part of the domain of Venice, Istria is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on the Dalmatian Coast
Once part of the domain of Venice, the Dalmatian Coast is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Cattaro
Once part of the domain of Venice, the port of Cattaro is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Fiume
Once part of the domain of Venice, Fiume is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Malta
The island of Malta is an integral part of Italy, and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Corsica
Once part of the realm of Genoa, Corsica is properly Italian territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on [From.GetName]
Once part of the domain of Venice, [From.GetName] is properly [ROOT.GetAdjective] territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
Establish Irredentist Claim on Albania
Once part of the domain of Venice, Albania is properly [ROOT.GetAdjective] territory and it is in our interests to establish a more permanent claim on the region.
The Republic Survives
Despite the lure of the ANI and foreign machinations the Republic has survived. While the ANI still exist, we can take comfort in knowing that the republic is safe and secure from domestic enemies.
Protect Democracy
At last, we may breathe a sigh of relief - the election is over, and with it, internal tension has at last begun to dissipate. Our Republic has endured.
Contain Extremism
While our republic has so far persisted despite challenges from radicals of all stripes, any moment of weakness could become an opportunity for tyrants. Liberty cannot be allowed to perish. We must suppress socialist and ultra-nationalist organisations.
Banking Reform
The inherent vulnerability of the current global banking and financial system can no longer be denied. We should pass emergency legislation to stabilise failing banks and pass the most noncontroversial reforms to the system.
Work Programmes
Unemployment threatens both our people's welfare and the stability of our country. To combat this, we should put the unemployed to task constructing new buildings and infrastructure.
Workers' Rights
Italian labourers should never again be tempted by the insidious siren song of socialism, nor crushed beneath an employer's boot. Let us stamp out abuses against workers.
Economic Recovery Act
Our initial recovery efforts have alleviated some of the hardship brought on by Black Monday. We should now implement a comprehensive plan along the same lines as our previous initiatives to ensure that this depression is put fully at an end.
Good Business Relations
Many wrongly fear that our government holds sentiments not unlike the socialists across the Po. To calm these misplaced worries, we should arrange for regular meetings with prominent business leaders to discuss matters of policy.
Union Ties
While many trade unions supported the socialist insurrection, the Partito Liberale Democratico worked closely with moderate unions to consolidate our republic's authority during its tumultuous early days. We should reaffirm our commitment to continued cooperation with the unions.
Christian Democracy
Christianity espouses compassion for humanity and establishes sound moral principles. These values are integral to our nation's democracy and should officially become our party's creed.
Urbanisation
Our cities have stagnated due to the Weltkrieg's unfavourable conclusion and the ravages of the Civil War, and with them, our industrial capacity has also plateaued. With Black Monday at an end, we now have the ability to renovate our centres of industry and jumpstart urbanisation.
Stable Democracy
The economic crisis is at an end and extremist political challenges have been defeated. Italian Democracy now functions like never before, and our nation has become noticeably more stable.
ANI in Power
The Associazione Nazionalista Italiana have taken power within the Republic and have begun to transform Italy into a Legionary State as they promise to destroy all of Italy's enemies and restore Italy to greatness.
Purge Red Menace
The old republic was a sham, and its institutions were incapable of withstanding socialist infiltration. All civil servants must be comprehensively evaluated, and if any association with a socialist organisation of any kind can be found, they must be immediately removed from their post.
Italian Militarism
Our nation could be attacked at any moment. All true sons of Italy must always be vigilant, ready to defend their nation at a moment's notice. We should do whatever we can to remind the people of their duty.
Four Economic Battles
Our nation lies in ruin, not for the failure of any nationalistically minded Italian, but for the actions of so many buffoons the world over. We must never again be vulnerable to foreign incompetence. Each of four of the most major issues facing our nation should be fought and defeated in turn.
Eliminate Anti-Italian Institutions
The Republic granted too much autonomy to its member states, relics of the vestiges of Austrian influence and the Federation. The time has come to abolish their rights and place all power within the central government's hands - even though this might very well mean a fight with those whose autonomy we strip away.
Corporate Alliance
The natural human urge to profit and succeed is by no means bad, but it must be harnessed to serve the interests of the people and the nation. We should approach businesses large and small which have shown themselves to be patriotic and begin to integrate them into the apparatus of the state.
Corporate Militarism
Our corporate allies should be put to work building a series of new state armaments factories.
Purge Opposition
Whatever opposition to the nationalist project remains must be quickly dealt with. Socialists and anti-Italians will be left no quarter - we won't allow them to lose us another war.
Building of Empire
With the regionalists dealt with, no one can now oppose our Imperial project. Italy must be allowed to breathe, and her proles will have the land they need to prosper.
Hail to the Heroes
For far too long the men in green in our armed forces have been sidelined and blamed for the losses of 1919. Are they not the same heroes that so valiantly gave their lives for the country on the Isonzo? We shall recognise the primary role of the Army not just in Italian history, but in our society as a whole.
Avenge Caporetto
One name has, for two decades, weighed on Italy's soul: Caporetto. Today however, with the great cities of Trento and Trieste finally redeemed, we can finally move forward in making Italy one of the World's foremost powers, avenging the death of the heroes who fought for Italy's greatness.
Italy is Reborn
Like a phoenix rising anew, Italy has been reborn. Now, the very identity of our nation must be cemented. Italy will be reshaped and reformed into a new State that is National, Proletarian, Social and above all Italian.
Restoration of the Federation
Though republicanism guided our country for seven years, the time has come for a return to the decentralised aristocratic rule of the Italian Federation.
Invest in the Countryside
Rural areas preserve tradition and morality, unlike any city. The devastated countryside must be restored if our government is to have popular support.
Decentralising Ideals
The Italian Federation promotes economic freedom among its member states, with the central government helping out when needed and staying out when not. This attitude should make our member states richer.
State Intervention
The free market has clearly failed, for if it had succeeded the liberals would have stayed in power. Only through state intervention can we end our markets' plunge.
Build Legitimacy
To many, the Italian Federation was no more in their lives than a foreign imposition. They view our government as an irrelevant anachronism that will soon collapse. We must assure them that this is not the case.
Fight Republicanism
We now have the political clout to more actively fight republican influence in our government. Through political manoeuvring, the dismissal by the Head of the Federation of the most hostile republican politicians can be justified.
Traditional Values
The revolutionary ideals that have taken hold throughout the world are distasteful and an affront to morality. We must establish ourselves as a bastion of traditionalism in Europe.
Church Ties
Stable Institutions
Though liberals and socialists accuse monarchies and conservative governments of failing to adapt to the times, it is they who act too hastily. We, who have overseen too many changes to count and survived them all, say there is power in traditional institutions, and we shall prove this to the people.
The Catholic faith provides strong moral values and a solid foundation for the proper conduct of governments. We must reaffirm our dedication to Catholicism and draw closer to conservative elements within the Church.
Return of Prosperity
After many initiatives, some successful and some failures, we have ground the economic downturn to a halt. We can finally claim to have ended the negative affects of Black Monday, and our people can regain economic stability and look to a prosperous future.
Defend the Federation
Our nation will never be completely safe from attack. We must construct new fortifications and other defences to prevent the success of any hostile invasion.
Towards a United Italy
Now that we have proven to our people the justice of our rule, we are ready to unite Italy. May all those who stand in our way on the global stage fall just as our domestic rivals have! Viva l'Italia!
Fund Italian Industry
The Institute for Economic Reconstruction was formed in 1924 to reconstruct our heavy industry after the civil war. We should give it more funding, so that it may continue to help our nation's industry.
Industrial Improvements
Much of our nation's industry lies in disrepair and those factories which still function have become increasingly archaic. To deal with this problem, we should initiate a state-sponsored programme of factory modernisation.
Create the Autostrada
The Autostrada was envisioned as a system of wide roadways linking major cities. While the civil war halted plans for its construction, we now possess the ability to build at least part of the original system.
Support the Auto Industry
Italy has been a hotbed for automotive innovation since the industry's birth. We should seize this advantage and implement substantial subsidies for the auto industry with the aim of increasing production.
Modernise Agriculture
The many small farm estates of the countryside not only still bear damage from the Civil War but have also been unable to adopt new agricultural technologies and methods of cultivation. We should subsidise the import of modern agricultural equipment to jump-start this process.
Create the Istituto Luce
Many dissidents would surely put aside their anger if only they could be shown the truth. To show to them our undeniable benevolence, we should establish a department dedicated to popular enlightenment and morality through means of new forms of mass media.
Economic Planning
With the depression brought on by Black Monday at an end, we must make certain that such a collapse never happens again. To do so, we should establish a governmental organisation focused on long-term economic policy.
New Defence Contracts
Armaments facilities in the newly liberated parts of Italy can be easily expanded. By issuing contracts to these facilities, we can encourage their enlargement.
Military Contracts
To spur economic activity while simultaneously arming our military, we should issue additional small arms contracts to smaller armaments facilities.
Defence Contracts
The arms industry is an important economic sector. By working closely with contractors and offering new contracts, we can encourage the expansion of many armaments facilities.
Militarised Economy
The economy and the military must not be at odds, they must be like two complementary gears in a greater machine.
New Economy
With Italy united, we should now focus on the economic development of those parts of the country which were once lost to us.
Research Institutes
Our research and development apparatus has fallen into disrepair. We must not allow our enemies to possess a technological advantage. Let us found new state research institutes.
New Venetian Arsenal
Venice was once home to one of Europe's largest shipyards, and its dockyards are rife still for expansion. Let us found a new naval arsenal in Venice.
Market Protection
To stimulate domestic production, the economy must be protected from the predatory trade policy of foreign nations. We should apply heavy tariffs on certain finished goods.
Synthetic Research
Our nation lacks domestic sources of oil and rubber. We can, however, produce these from the great bounty of natural resources on the Italian peninsula.
Expand Research Institutes
Our newly founded research institutes have been effective in closing the technological gap between our nation and the other powers of Europe. Let us reform those parts of our research apparatus which have proven ineffective and streamline the entire system.
New Industry Programmes
With Italy's factories now once again in a position to serve Italy. We should now work to integrate them into our nation.
Expand Dockyards
The ports of much of the country lie in ruin, we must expand and renovate them.
Expand Airports
The aviation industry is growing rapidly the world over. We should be at the forefront of this new economic sector.
Expand the Autostrada
The Autostrada has been a boon to northeastern Italy, and with the rest of the land now under our control, we can expand it throughout the peninsula.
Industrialise the South
The South has always lagged behind in its industrial development. We must work to close this gap.
Factories for Italy
Much of Italy remains underdeveloped. If we are to truly become one of the great powers of Europe, this must change.
Italian Miracle
Italy, reunited, has recovered from her previous troubles and surged forth onto the world stage as one of Europe's largest economies.
Begin Risorgimento
The time has come. Italy, this wonderful land of abundance, shall again be united. Viva l'Italia!
Naval Exercises
As a display of power and to promote naval morale, we should organise a series of naval exercises in the Adriatic Sea. Let our nation's enemies tremble.
Military Exercises
As a display of power and to promote the morale of our army, we should organise a series of near-combat training exercises near the Po River. Let our nation's enemies tremble.
Italy is United
It is done, Italy, beautiful Italy, is whole again. In the hearts of all patriots, this moment shall forever be remembered.
Recruit Sicilian Generals
The Sicilian officer corps, however detestable its former King may have been, undoubtedly has many competent generals. Should these generals be allowed to serve Italy?
Recruit Sardinian Generals
Many good men fought and died for Sardinia. Now, with the wounds of war beginning to heal, the fate of Sardinia's generals must be decided.
Italian Irredentism Policy
With Italy united and some of the most pressing issues of domestic policy resolved, we can look outwards, especially at those lands which, by right, should be Italian.
A Stable Italy
Our politics have been unstable since the civil war ended, but now, with an Italian Republic ruling over all Italy, we can finally end the instability that has been plaguing us for years.
Graziani's Manoeuvre
The army which is most agile possesses a significant advantage on the battlefield. While our enemies may claim countless millions among their ranks, if our forces are quick enough to fully exploit tactical opportunities, we shall triumph.
De Bono's Planning
Maintaining operational integrity and executing well-developed plans is key to victory in modern warfare. Italy's failure in the Weltkrieg can be most easily attributed to incompetent planning and a disregard for overall strategy. This shall never happen again.
Bastico's Firepower
Modern weapons enable an enemy's destruction from afar. We must augment our armed forces with a plethora of artillery and other support equipment.
Begin Modernisation
With our army now guided by a central doctrine, we can begin to overhaul its structure and composition.
Modernise Alpini
Were it not for the bravery and skill of the Alpini, Italy would surely have fallen sooner to the Central Powers during the Weltkrieg. These incredible mountaineers, however, have fallen into disrepair since the Weltkrieg's end. We should focus on bringing the Alpini back into fighting form.
Reform the Arditi
The Arditi represent the best of that Italy has to offer. These elite units specialise in infiltration, especially through unconventional means and in harsh environments. Let us reorganise the Arditi to better represent the rapidly evolving role of special forces in modern warfare.
High Command Reforms
The Italian Military High Command was left fractured with the division of the land itself. Yet, in the time since, its structure has remained unchanged. Let us reorganise the High Command to the demands of our current situation.
Italian Armoured Cars
Armoured cars proved effective during the Weltkrieg both as a way to increase troop mobility and provide cheap and effective fire support. With our army now focused on mobility, our armoured cars must also be refitted and their doctrine modified to better suit this new fighting style.
Cruiser Tanks
Cruiser tanks are specifically designed to support motorised infantry. They are cavalry for the modern era.
Artillery Effort
Our artillery and other support equipment must be flawlessly integrated into our ground units. No attack should be made without support.
Infantry Tanks
Armoured vehicles must coordinate closely with infantry, so that both may fight more effectively.
Planning Schools
All NCOs, must be offered some degree of formal officer training, and not left to rely on experience alone. To accomplish this, we should establish several new officer academies oriented at providing short additional training courses to NCOs. This, we figure will greatly improve the ability of individual units to properly interpret and execute orders.
Commander Initiative
Officers must be given the opportunity to respond to changes in their units' tactical situations. We should encourage officers to plan and to act as the situation on the ground dictates.
Modernise our Guns
Our armed forces largely still rely on the same outdated weaponry as during Weltkrieg. We must bring our small arms up to par with the rest of Europe.
Servizio Ausiliario Femminile
The potential of Italian women to contribute to the war effort still remains largely untapped. By establishing all-female volunteer units to serve in support roles within the army, we can begin to harness the abilities of our honourable sisters.
Finish Reforms
The army has now been all but completely reformed. Our soldiers and officers now stand ready to reestablish Italy's rightful place among the great powers of Europe.
[ita_navy_focus_name]
Marina Nazionale Italiana
Regia Marina
Our navy is still organised in much the same impromptu structure it was upon the outbreak of the Civil War. We should centralise our naval administration under a new structure.
Merchant Marine
During the Weltkrieg, the Atlantic became a graveyard for our allies' merchant ships, and with success in the next war certain to be no less dependent upon the ability of our merchant ships to traverse dangerous waters, we must have a central merchant shipping administration to oversee convoys.
Grand Navy
Our navy must be rapidly expanded with a focus on the production of new capital ships.
Battlecruisers
Battlecruisers are both fast and armed with sizeable guns. While battlecruisers may not be sufficient to form the core of our fleet, they fill a valuable role.
Italian Battleships
Battleships are the pride of any navy. Large, well armoured and armed, and expensive to produce, new battleships entering our naval service will undoubtedly signal to the world that we seek to regain our place in the world.
Defend the Coast
The new navy should be oriented towards the protection of our coastline and disruption of enemy merchant fleets.
Italian Submarines
Submarines were used to great effect by Germany in the Weltkrieg. We must have a submarine fleet of our own if our navy is to be effective.
Italian Coast Guard
A new branch of the Navy should be created which is focused on the protection of our territorial waters.
Light Cruisers
Light cruisers are versatile support platforms which can greatly assist ships both large and small.
Reinforce the Coast
The northern coast of the Adriatic is our lifeline to the markets of the world, and thus cannot be allowed to fall into enemy hands. We should construct new coastal fortifications so that no enemy shall land upon these shores.
Expand the San Marco Brigade
To wage war upon foreign shores or to land behind enemy lines and disrupt their organisation, we will need to invest in new amphibious equipment and training methods.
Rule the Seas
Our navy is now at least a match for the old Regia Marina, and is fully prepared to defend Italy and crash upon her enemies like a great wave.
[ita_air_focus_name]
Aeronautica Nazionale Italiana
Regia Aeronautica
Our small air force consists of volunteers using what few planes can be scrounged together from foreign surplus. We must establish a formal air force and prepare to train new pilots.
Pilot Training
The volunteers who currently make up the bulk of our military pilots are largely former amateur enthusiasts with ample skill in the air. We should put these experienced flyers to work to establish a training regime for new pilots.
Upgrade Airports
To accommodate a true air force, the various small civilian aerodromes that dot the countryside should be nationalised and expanded.
Aviation Industry
Italian aircraft manufacturers have been stunted by the turbulence that has plagued the peninsula since the end of the Weltkrieg. To bring them back up to par with foreign companies, they must have state support.
Strategic Focus
Our air force should be focused on dealing damage to the enemy's industry and military capacity - offence is key, not defence.
Bomber Efforts
To truly assist the army, our air force must be capable of destroying fortified positions and disrupting enemy infrastructure. To accomplish this, we should focus on the development of new tactical and strategic bombers.
Air Supremacy
The skies must be free from enemies and our armies unmolested by hostile aircraft. Our air force should primarily be focused on establishing and maintaining control of the air.
Fighter Support
Fighters are the backbone of any air force, and to wrest control of the skies, we must develop new models.
Paracadutisti
Paratroopers are a new type of unit which will allow for the deployment of units to otherwise inaccessible areas. By developing more advanced airborne equipment, we will possess a unique tactical advantage over our enemies.
Female Pilots
Many patriotic women with flying experience find themselves unable to directly contribute to our military effort. Female pilots should be permitted to volunteer for aerial transportation and support roles.
Radar Effort
Radar is a promising new technology which, with further development could provide a wealth of information about enemy tactics and positions and reveal the course of enemy aircraft.
Rule the Skies
The air force is no longer a rag-tag collection of volunteers, but a fully functioning organ of our military. Let us rule the skies of Italy and beyond!
After Italy's defeat in the Weltkrieg, the country was left to the mercy of the Austrians - and it would have been reorganised into an Italian Federation had it not been for the outbreak of civil war. The socialists would have overrun the peninsula had the Austrians not swallowed a bitter pill and cooperated with the republicans... and, after the fighting stopped, were forced to maintain the relationship into the current day. Italy remains unstable, however, and its eventual reckoning with the socialists across the Po appears inevitable.
GFX_ITA_intro
The History of the Republic of Italy: Defeat and Civil War
In 1919, Italy concluded an armistice with the Austrians, permitting Austrian forces to occupy Lombardy and Venetia pending a formal peace settlement. The subsequent §YTreaty of Vicenza§! was a humiliating affair, disgracing both the nation and the old political order. Within mere days, enraged nationalists proclaimed the new Republic of Italy in Milan, which maintained that all treaties signed by the House of Savoy were to be considered null and void.\n\nAll over Italy republicans and nationalists rose up against the old political order, pushing royalist forces out of much of Central and Northern Italy. However fractures soon became apparent in the fledgling republic and what started as small scale conflicts turned into an uprising of §rRed§! forces against the republican §gWhites§!, grinding the conflict against royalist forces to a halt.
The Status of the Republic of Italy: The Federation Failure
As the civil war dragged on, the tides of war turned against the Whites, and when Austria offered the republicans help in exchange for joining in a common state with the royalists in the south, the republicans had no choice but to accept, or face destruction. After a victory at the Po against the Socialists, the White and Austrian forces found themselves forced to swallow the bitter pill of prolonged cooperation. The Republic was obliged to legally join the Italian Federation under Austrian protection. They also granted significant autonomy to Veneto and much influence in the government to the Austrians and the Council of the Italian Federation. In exchange, however, the Prime Minister of the Republic was granted the title Interim Head of the Italian Federation.\n\nThis carefully balanced arrangement fell apart in 1926, however, when the Union of Britain joined the Third Internationale. The Socialists were emboldened and there was talk of war, but the Austrians made it clear that their forces would make no move to attack the socialists if the south came under attack. This threw the peninsula into chaos, and gave the Sicilians and Savoyards, long dissatisfied with the pro-Milan balance in the Council of the Italian Federation, the chance to walk out. Though the socialists never attacked, the Council now clearly served no purpose, and its ten-year term was allowed to expire in 1930. While the halls of civilian power in Milan bustle with activity and ambition, the Council Chamber now stands empty.
The Status of the Republic of Italy: Recovery and Risorgimento
Though at considerable cost to national pride, the Austrian connection slowly improved the economic standing of the Republic, which drew strength from the German Mitteleuropa and Austrian investment. As Italy recovered from the civil war's destruction, however, many in the Republic began to rue their government's deal with the Habsburgs, and popular support for the anti-Austrian Associazione Nazionalista Italiana (Italian Nationalist Association) grew in Lombardy and Friuli.\n\nIvanoe Bonomi's centre-left coalition has ruled the country since 1927, but their popularity is mainly due to the economic stability, and should that end other parties such as the staunchly republican Partito Liberale Italiano or conservative Partito Popolare Italiano might gain enough support to form a government. Should matters get completely out of hand and Federation-aligned forces restore order in the north by force, even the old Council of the Italian Federation might take power. One thing all parties have in common is a desire for a free, united Italy, however, and many are sure a second Risorgimento is coming.
§MLiberal Democrats§! / §MLiberals§! / §MPeople's Party§! / §MDemocratic Reformists§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1936 snap election, choose to elect either §lPartito Liberale Democratico§!, §mPartito Liberale Italiano§!, or §cPartito Popolare Italiano§!.\n£white_dot After the election, §nAssociazione Nazionalista Italiana§! will dispute the election and ultimately aim to overthrow the government.\n£white_dot To prevent this either ban the §nANI§!, or keep an eye on them and when they eventually march on Milan choose for their coup to fail.\n£white_dot Afterwards there will be a no confidence vote in the government, surviving the vote will allow democracy to survive and in the 1941 election §SLega Democratica Riformista§! will be able to be elected if desired.\n\n§MNationalists§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot During the 1936 election choose to elect the §nANI§!.\n£white_dot Alternatively, win the elections as any other party without banning the §nANI§! and allow their march on Milan to succeed.\n£white_dot After their rise to power £KR_game_rule_flag_VNC  Venice will soon revolt against the government, win against this revolt to consolidate your power.\n\n§MItalian Federation§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect a democratic government during the 1936 election without having the §nANI§! seize power.\n£white_dot During the no confidence vote against the government, have the government lose the vote and fall.\n£white_dot This will allow you to restore the Italian Federation, either under the rule of Pietro Ferdinando I or Marcello I.\n£white_dot Alternatively during the Venetian revolt, switching to £KR_game_rule_flag_VNC  Venice and winning will allow you to restore the federation.\n\n§MThe Republic is Disbanded§! (£KR_game_rule_flag_LOM  / £KR_game_rule_flag_VNC )\n£white_dot Follow the above guide for restoring the Italian Federation, but during the event to restore the Federation instead choose to disband the Republic completely which will dissolve the Republic into an independent £KR_game_rule_flag_LOM  Lombardu and £KR_game_rule_flag_VNC  Venice.\n- If this is done as the Republic you will swap to £KR_game_rule_flag_LOM  Lombardy, otherwise if done as £KR_game_rule_flag_VNC  Venice you will remain as them.\n
Black Monday Hits the Republic
The economic crisis that started in Germany has spiralled out of control and has spread to Italy. The Republic of Italy's prosperity has been shattered by Black Monday and the confidence in the government has been shaken.
May God Protect us!
Ivanoe Bonomi calls for a General Election
With Black Monday hitting the Republic of Italy, Prime Minister Ivanoe Bonomi has decided to call for an early general election. Elections will be held in 1936 instead of 1937 as was scheduled. Hopefully, with this election, the Prime Minister will be able to shore up support for his policies to resolve the economic crisis.
Hopefully...
Ciano's Speech
[ITA_GetNatPopLeader] of the Associazione Nazionalista Italiana delivered a speech in the city of Verona today. During the speech, the old admiral blamed the government of the republic for causing the economic crisis. Moreover, he went on to describe Austria's role in keeping Italy divided and weak, and that the syndicalists were only allowed to continue to exist as a foil to the Republic. Ciano promises that it is only the ANI that is able to restore Italy to glory and destroy all her enemies. In spite of his radical and anti-republican views, the Hero of Buccari commands large influence - which makes him particularly dangerous to our young Republic.
We should keep an eye on him
The Church Comments on the Crisis
A number of influential figures within the church have been rallying support for political figures during their sermons. Of particular note are the Archbishops of Milan and Venice, who have urged parishioners to follow traditional Catholic values during this crisis, a none too subtle nod of support for the conservative Popolare Italiano party. However some bishops, though not as influential as those in Milan and Venice, have instead urged support for Catholic Social Teaching and the ruling Liberal Democratic party. In both cases, people are listening to the advice of the church.
Let us hope the Church is right
Matteotti Supports Bonomi
Giacomo Matteotti, leader of the Lega Democratica Riformista, the Social Democratic party in coalition with Ivanoe Bonomi, has given a speech in Milan supporting the prime minister. This has given valuable support to the besieged ruling party.
Thank you, Matteotti
Protests Against Farm Auctions
The current economic crisis has caused a lot of farmers to default on their loans and mortgages, and their livestock and property are normally auctioned away to the highest bidder by local authorities. The practice is deeply unpopular among Italian farmers, but its proponents claim that debts must be repaid and that the auctions are a necessary evil in a free market economy. Yesterday, the Italian People's Party proposed a bill that would ban the auctions. What is the government's position on the issue?
Allow the auctions to continue
Pass the bill and ban the auctions
Influence in the Italian Government
In 1919, we signed an armistice with the Kingdom of Italy, which allowed us to garrison Lombardy and Venetia until a treaty was signed. The Italians were hardly pleased with the subsequent Treaty of Vicenza, and rose up in revolution against their Savoyard monarch. Soon, he and his son abdicated, and there was a power vacuum in Italy, as socialist rebels seemed primed to overrun the entire nation. We offered the desperate Italians the aid of our armies in stopping the socialist advance, in exchange for joining a new Italian Federation, a legitimate government we could deal with. The Savoyards, White republicans, and southern forces agreed to our terms, and our armies pushed the socialists out of Lombardy. We did concede to the republicans that a republican leader would be the interim head of the Federation, though the Federation Council would retain some power behind the scenes. However, when the socialists made moves to attack the southern states of the Federation in 1926, we were embroiled in the Illyrian crisis, and could not promise to attack the socialists in support. Outraged, Sardinia, the Bourbons in Naples, and even the Holy Father himself abandoned our Federation, leaving us with only Milan. Unfortunately, the Federation Council there was allowed to lapse in 1930, and has not been renewed since. Even worse, we recently withdrew our military from their nation due to the Black Monday crisis, leaving them far more independent than they were.\n\nNow the current liberal government under Ivanoe Bonomi has pushed forward the election in a bid for more support in the legislature. However, their victory is not a sure thing, and we have some leeway to influence the election. The three moderate parties that have a real chance at winning are the Liberal Democrats, currently in power, the People's Party, a conservative party who has enjoyed our support in the past, and the Italian Republicans, hostile to monarchy but also vehemently anti-ANI and anti-socialist. We can give our support and backing to one of the pro-Austrian political parties to ensure that the right one takes power in Milan. Some ministers, however, are concerned that overt involvement might result in further support for the far right and anti-Austrian Italian Nationalist Association.
Support the Liberal Democrats
Support the People's Party
Overt influence would merely empower the ANI
Austria Supports the Liberal Democrats
The Austrians have given support to the ruling Liberal Democrats in an attempt to help them win the election. While this has indeed had the intended effect, and encouraged more support for the ruling Liberal Democrats, it has also drawn far more attention to the far right and Anti-Austrian ANI party.
Hopefully this helps us stay in power
Austria Supports the Partito Popolare Italiano
The Austrians have given support to the Partito Popolare Italiano in an attempt to help them win the election. While this has indeed the intended effect, and encouraged more support for the Popolares, it has also drawn far more attention to the far right and Anti-Austrian ANI party.
Even our allies want regime change, it would seem
The General Election
Today, the Italian people choose a new parliament. The election is tightly fought and very likely will decide the course of Italy for the near future, with four predicted outcomes. Firstly, the liberal democratic coalition under Prime Minister Bonomi can continue, or a liberal coalition led by the anti-autocratic and centre-left Liberale Italiano party could ride to victory. Alternately, the conservative coalition led by the Popolare Italiano could be victorious, but few can afford to forget the surprisingly popular Associazione Nazionalista Italiana. Who do the Italian people choose?
Partito Liberale Democratico
Partito Liberale Italiano
Partito Popolare Italiano
Associazione Nazionalista Italiana
Partito Liberale Democratico Leadership Conference
Today the Leadership Conference of the Partito Liberale Democratico begins. While Prime Minister Ivanoe Bonomi holds the vast majority of the party's confidence, some are wondering if he should step down and let Feruccio Parri lead the party. How shall the party vote?
Today the Leadership Conference of the Partito Liberale Democratico begins. While party leader Ivanoe Bonomi holds the vast majority of the party's confidence, some are wondering if he should step down and let Feruccio Parri lead the party. How shall the party vote?
Ivanoe Bonomi!
Feruccio Parri!
Partito Liberale Italiano Leadership Conference
Today the Leadership Conference of the Partito Liberale Italiano begins. While Prime Minister Luigi Einaudi holds the vast majority of the party's confidence, some are wondering if he should step down and let Marcello Soleri lead the party. How shall the party vote?
Today the Leadership Conference of the Partito Liberale Italiano begins. While Party leader Luigi Einaudi holds the vast majority of the party's confidence, some are wondering if he should step down and let Marcello Soleri lead the party. How shall the party vote?
Luigi Einaudi!
Marcello Soleri!
The [GetYear] Elections
The [GetYear] Elections are now upon us. Will President [From.GetLeader] remain as the head of the Italian Republic or shall a new party win the election?
Partito Liberale Democratico
Partito Liberale Italiano
Partito Popolare Italiano
Lega Democratica Riformista
The ANI Holds a Rally
Though our Federation government has gained a great deal of popular support, the ANI have continued to encourage illegal violence and political action against our government. Now, they have re-appeared in Udine, where [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] has called yet again for our removal from 'his great nation.' The local police were unwilling to arrest the man, and now some in our government are calling for military intervention.
Send the military in
His support will fade in time
The Social Democrats Refuse to Participate
Speaking in Venice, Giacomo Matteotti and other leaders of the Lega Democratica Riformista party have denounced the cowardly liberal parties for agreeing to the deal that restored the Federation, and have declared that they will boycott the elections as a 'farce' and a 'blight against democracy'.
Traitors!
Dealing with the Syndicalist Economy
Now that we have taken control of the territory of the Socialist Republic of Italy the question of what to do with the Syndicalist factories and farms has been brought forth to the Parliament. Those on the left believe in largely leaving the collective farms and factories alone, and letting new companies be private enterprises. This notion has already been denounced by right-wing members of parliament as 'siding with syndicalism', and suggest they should be de-collectivised and privatised. Those in the centre believe that the economy should be de-syndicalised, but slowly, as to not arouse the anger of the syndicalists.
Leave them alone
Slowly de-syndicalise the economy
Immediately de-syndicalise the economy
Intervention in Italy?
It has become increasingly clear that the ANI cannot control the situation in Italy - though neither can the Venetian revolt get the upper hand. If we were to consider intervening, now would be the time to do it - though with an eye towards restoring the power of the Italian Federation under a Habsburg Head, and not towards restoring the failed Italian Republic. Of course, it would require Venetian agreement, but surely they would not refuse our help?
Offer help to the Venetians
They are on their own
Help from the Austrians?
[AUS.GetNameDefCap] has offered to help in our battle against [ITA.GetNameDef]. If they intervene, and succeed, it will mean submitting to Austrian influence once the war is over - they will want to dispense with the Italian Republic, and instead restore the power of the Italian Federation of old... no doubt under the domination of a Habsburg ruler, such the Grand Duke of Tuscany. However, we have been assured that our autonomy will be restored to what it was before the election
It doesn't matter - we need the help
No, we can handle this on our own
The Venetians Refuse
Apparently too wary of our future interference, the Venetians have refused our help and are determined to fight the civil war on their own. We are forced to watch the situation unfold from the sidelines.
So be it!
The Time Has Come
It is clear that [ITA.GetNameDef] has lost control of the situation in their country, unable to gain the upper hand against the Venetian rebels. This has brought [AUS.GetNameDef] into the war on the side of the Venetians, and it prompts a question for our government as well: should we make a move to attack? It will mean a race against the Austrians to be the first to capture Milan, and runs the risk of direct contact with Austrian units on the battlefield... a situation which could escalate, if we are not careful.
It is clear that [ITA.GetNameDef] has lost control of the situation in their country, unable to gain the upper hand against the Venetian rebels. Perhaps good news for us is that the Austrians have refused to intervene, something which possibly leaves an opening for us to attack. Should we make a move while our enemies are weak?
It is clear that [ITA.GetNameDef] has lost control of the situation in their country, unable to gain the upper hand against the Venetian rebels. Even better news is that the Whites have no Austria to protect them this time. They are fighting amongst themselves and vulnerable. Is now the time to strike?
Now is our chance
We can't risk it
The Socialist Republic Attacks
[SRI.GetNameDefCap] has reacted to our intervention in the Italian war by launching an assault on [ITA.GetNameDef]. It will mean a race to see who is the first to capture Milan! Let us hope this does not spiral out of control.
[SRI.GetNameDefCap] has reacted to our decision to not intervene on behalf of the Venetian rebels by launching an assault on [ITA.GetNameDef]. Perhaps we will grow to regret our decision, though the possibility of meeting the socialists on the battlefield is not something we would relish.
We'll be keeping a close eye on this...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Peace
Our attempts to sue for peace with [From.GetNameDef] have been rebuffed. They intend to fight with us until the very end.
So be it!
The Occupation of [759.GetName]
With the annexation of [ITA.GetNameDef] by [SRI.GetNameDef], the state of [759.GetName] has been left cut off - and the locals have cried out to [Root.GetNameDef] to step in and save them from socialist control.
A good idea
The Occupation of [759.GetName]
With the annexation of [ITA.GetNameDef] by [SRI.GetNameDef], the state of [759.GetName] has been left cut off from our forces - and the locals there have apparently appealed to [From.GetNameDef] to step in and save them from our control. There is literally nothing we can do, at present.
We will deal with them in time
Venetian Victory!
We have control over the whole of Lombardia, and the ANI resistance has been all but crushed. Now we must decide what comes next for the country. Support is high for the restoration of the old Italian Federation in full - member states with broad powers of autonomy, with all but Venice itself returned to rule by the monarchy, all governed by the Federal Council. Who heads that council will have considerable power, and the main candidates are the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, Count Visconti of Milan, and Venice's own leader of the revolt, Giuseppe Volpi. Even so, there are others who say that Venice should remain independent, and has no reason to join a federation at all.
We have control over the whole of Lombardia, and the ANI resistance has been all but crushed. Now the time has come to live up to our agreement with the Austrians - a restoration of the old Italian Federation in full. Its member states will have broad powers of autonomy, with all but Venice itself returned to rule by the monarchy, all governed by the Federal Council. Some say we should remain independent, but truly we should thank the Austrians for once again stepping in and defending us. If not for them, likely we would not have achieved victory at all.
Restore the Federation under the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Restore the Federation under Count Visconti.
Restore the Federation under Giuseppe Volpi.
We shall remain independent as [Root.GetName].
We shall remain independent as [Root.GetName]. (Play as Lombardy)
The Italian Federation Restored
The old Italian Federation has been restored, casting aside the republic in favour of autonomous states ruled by the aristocracy and headed by the Federal Council... with the Habsburg Grand Duke Pietro of Tuscany sitting at its head. The Grand Duke has reached out to us, welcoming friendly relations between the Federation and [Root.GetNameDef]. It is truly the best outcome we could have hoped for.
The old Italian Federation has been restored, casting aside the republic in favour of autonomous states ruled by the aristocracy and headed by the Federal Council... though they have elected to put Count Visconti of Milan at its head rather than the Habsburg Grand Duke. Even so, it is perhaps a good sign that the Count has reached out to [Root.GetNameDef] and suggested that our countries continue their good relations.
The old Italian Federation has been restored, casting aside the republic in favour of autonomous states ruled by the aristocracy and headed by the Federal Council... though they have elected to put the president of Venice, Giuseppe Volpi, at its head rather than the Habsburg Grand Duke. Even so, it is perhaps a good sign that Volpi has reached out to [Root.GetNameDef] and suggested that our countries continue their good relations.
We welcome them into our alliance
We will restore our guarantee of their independence, for now
We look forward to future cooperation
Lombardia Has Fallen
Despite Austria's intervention, it was not enough to prevent Lombardia from being overrun by [SRI.GetNameDef]. Now [Root.GetNameDef] is on its own, with even less ability to protect itself against the socialist hordes than before.
It appears our civil war provided [SRI.GetNameDef] exactly the weakness they were looking for. They have overtaken Lombardia, and now we are on our own with even less ability to protect ourselves against the socialist hordes than before.
Turn to the Austrians for protection
We will figure it out on our own
Venice Asks For Protection
Our intervention was not enough to prevent Lombardia from being overrun by [SRI.GetNameDef]. Now [Root.GetNameDef] is on its own, with even less ability to protect itself against the socialist hordes than before. They have asked for our protection... though offering it might bring us into war against the Third Internationale.
It appears the civil war in Italy provided [SRI.GetNameDef] exactly the weakness they were looking for. They have overtaken Lombardia, and now [VNC.GetNameDef] has been left defenceless. They have asked for our protection... though offering it might bring us into war against the Third Internationale.
Of course we will protect them however we can
They are on their own
Austria Offers Protection
Thankfully, the Austrians have seen our value and have offered their protection. If the socialists come after us, they will be in for a bigger fight than they bargained.
What a relief
Austria Refuses Protection
Austria has refused to offer us protection, at least for the time being. We are on our own.
So be it.
The Battle for the Lira
The first of Four Economic 'battles' designed to fix the economy, the battle for the Lira will stabilise the currency of the State. As all battles are, it may be a struggle, but by stabilising the currency of the Republic we will be able to fulfil our Italian destiny.
Viva l'Italia!
The Battle for the Land
The Second Economic Battle, the Battle for the Land, will bring a transformation to the land itself. Swamps and marshes shall be drained, farmland will be irrigated, and the people will be encouraged to move to the countryside in order to help our agriculture thrive.
Viva l'Italia!
The Battle for the Grain
Following the success of the Battle for the Land comes the Battle for the Grain. The new farmlands will be made to support the growing population of Italy and her armies. An army marches on its stomach after all and the Italian army will be marching to war.
Viva l'Italia!
The Battle for the Births
The final of the economic battles is the Battle of the Births. This is a programme designed to help couples have more children. The policies include paid maternal and paternal leave for families and tax benefits and loans for having children, while at the same time the government will only hire men and women who are married. Through such a policy the future generations of Italy shall be created and secured.
Viva l'Italia!
The Unitary State
The laws have been passed swiftly in the capital, rescinding the rights and autonomies enjoyed by Lombardy and Venetia - or, indeed, any state that is part of the republic. The ANI party line is that this is 'for the good of the country', an explanation which also applies to the suspension of future elections. Italy cannot afford to weaken itself to greed and outside loyalties, not now and perhaps not ever. This news has not gone over well in Venetia, however, where the state legislators have expressed fury as what they see as a power grab by the central government. Already people are taking to the streets, and we may expect more formal action to be taken in the days to come.
Let's hope this amounts to nothing
Riots in Venice
Opposition to the unitary state has grown throughout Italy, with much of it concentrated in the city of Venice. There, Partito Repubblicano Veneto leader Giuseppe Volpi has given fiery speeches denouncing the ANI and calling on 'loyal Venetians' to rise up and fight against its tyranny. Riots have broken out throughout the city, with violence concentrated against central government offices and troops. Officials fear it is just a matter of days before the state legislature takes a vote on whether or not to withdraw from the republic.
As if we would allow such a thing!
The Venetian Revolt
As predicted, the vote in Venice - with the controlling Partito Repubblicano Veneto voting unanimously in favour - has led to the declaration of their opposition to the unitary state. Until, and if, state rights are restored they will see the Republic of Venice separated from [ITA.GetNameDef]. Last-minute talks are being held, but at the moment all government troops are being ordered out of Venetia, and militia forces are quickly being assembled - most likely with aid and assistance by the Austrians.
This cannot be allowed to stand
Fight for La Serenissima! (Play as Venice)
The Venetian Revolt
It appears the experiment of the Italian Republic is truly over. With the ANI having won the Italian elections, they have attempted to turn the nation into a unitary state, stripping the composite states of their rights - and now Venetia has rebelled against them. Venetia has called for our help, though we must wait at least a few months before we can directly intervene without it appearing like we are interested only in conquest. If we do intervene, many within the Austrian government are suggesting that our only interest would be in restoring the old Italian Federation, this time under a Habsburg ruler. Indeed, the Italians are so fed up with this failure of democracy, they might welcome such an option with open arms.
We will need to watch this carefully
The Verona Trials
Today in the city of Verona the trial for the leaders of the Socialist Republic of Italy is has begun. Unsurprisingly Mussolini and his lot are found guilty of betraying Italy and sentenced to death. This turns out to be the fate for the rest of the leadership of the false republic. Syndicalism is now dead.
Death to Mussolini and his traitors!
Let Carina Massone Negrone Fly?
With the republic now at war, Carina Massone Negrone has asked to fly for the Republic's Air Force. It is highly unusual that a lady would make such a request, and a number of ministers believe that she should be refused. However, as a personal friend, the great statesman [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] believes that a compromise could be reached where she can lead a force of female aviators to fly non-combat missions. This would allow more men to actually fly.
Let her fly!
She should stay at home.
Let her set up a school.
The Order of the Roman Eagle
The order of the Roman Eagle has been created to reward people who brought merit to Italy. It is considered the highest reward that any person can receive in service of the country. This new order will help inspire people to do their all for Italy.
Let us honour these men.
The Corporatist State
By decree of Il Duce himself, the National Council of Corporations has been created. The council is to be organised along corporatist lines with ten different sectors, with ministers representing the various sectors of the economy. In the official decree it was described as - 'the National Council of Corporations is to the Italian economy what the Staff is in the Armed Forces - the thinking brain which prepares and coordinates.'
Avanti Italia!
Opera Nazionale Balilla
The Opera Nazionale Balilla was recently created by order from Il Duce. Taking its name from the nickname of the Italian boy which started a revolt against Hapsburg forces during the war of Austrian succession. The organisation is similar to a scouting group for children. The organisation has two similar structures one for boys and the other for girls with both being divided into three groups for different age brackets. The organisation is to help prepare the future youth to the roles that they will have within society as well as make sure that they are loyal Italians.
Book and rifle, perfect Italian.
Opera Nazionale Dopolavoro
The Opera Nazionale Dopolavoro (National Recreational Club) has been created by decree from Il Duce. The OND supports a number of recreational activities for the people to help boost tourism, as well as help ensure the loyalty of citizens to the Italian State. Italian culture from Opera, plays, and music to book clubs and vacations through the countryside are sponsored by the OND. It has quickly proven to be highly popular throughout the Republic.
Avanti Italia!
Creation of OVRA
In order to protect the Republic and all Italians from all threats, the Organizzazione per la Vigilanza e la Repressione dell'Antinazionalismo (Organisation for Vigilance and Repression of Anti-Nationalism) or, OVRA for short, has been created. The OVRA will function as the secret police for the republic and make sure that all those within the republic that dare betray the Italian State will be severely punished.
Everything within the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state.
The ANI and the House of Savoy
Since its origins, the ANI has been a monarchist movement, coming from the liberal institutions of the Kingdom. With its few republican members following d'Annunzio and later on betraying anti-Socialism in the name of anti-Austrianism, the ANI under the old admiral Ciano made its monarchism a point of pride.\n\nHowever, being now empowered in Milan, we are in an awkward position; the royalist government in Cagliari refuses to recognise us, and many civil servants who have sworn their loyalty to the Republic have some reservations with our hails to the King. We remain in a limbo, an effectively republican government with clear monarchist sympathies; the question now is whether we continue hailing a King who might not sit on our throne in the foreseeable future.
Tone down the monarchist slogans.
We remain true to our convictions!
Blueshirt Brigades
The Blueshirts, founded during the Civil War, are formally the Sempre Pronti per la Patria e per il Re (Always Ready for King and Fatherland) or SP for short, but are most often called by their informal name due to their distinctive blue shirts. The Blueshirts are organised in a military fashion modelled on the Arditi soldiers, which also extends to the Uniforms. While they have been muscle for the ANI for some time, now that we are at war, they have stepped up to defend the nation from all enemies.
Death to the enemies of Italy!
Empower the Federation in Italy?
The Italian Republic is a threat, whether they admit it or not. Though they may claim to be part of the Federation, they could easily betray us after taking Torino, thinking themselves powerful enough. We must request that they reorganise their government to be more like the Federation they ostensibly are.
With the godless syndicalists in the Socialist Republic of Italy now destroyed, the question of what to do about the Republic of Italy has arisen. The threat of the Socialist Republic of Italy has always kept the alliance in check and the Republic acted as a bulwark against the tide of Syndicalism. Now that threat is gone, and the question is whether should we send an ultimatum to demand that the Republic reform into a Federation, something that will be more acceptable to Vienna. Alternately, we could always drop the matter.
Send the Ultimatum
Drop the Matter
The Austrian Ultimatum
The Austrians have renewed active foreign policy, and as part of this new drive has demanded that we reform our government to be more like the Italian Federation we claim to be. With [SRI.GetNameDef] watching us hungrily, we can hardly afford to squabble with our protector.
The Austrians have sent us an ultimatum. With [SRI.GetNameDef] no longer around, we are no longer a necessary bulwark against syndicalism, and so they seek to make us empower the long behind the scenes Federation Council. We can, of course, accept and crown Peter Ferdinand as Head of the Italian Federation, or we can say no and risk war.
We accept
We refuse!
The Italians Accept
The Italians have accepted our ultimatum and Peter Ferdinand will soon be crowned Pietro Ferdinando of Tuscany and Head of the Italian Federation.
God save Italia!
The Italians Refuse
The Italians have rejected our ultimatum. Should we show them what a foolish mistake they made, or drop the matter?
War it shall be!
Drop the matter
Death of Costanzo Ciano
News reach us that admiral Costanzo Ciano has died suddenly last night. The old Admiral had been hailed a hero due to his actions in Buccari during the Great War; a nationalist and a monarchist, he refused to follow Badoglio in Cagliari and instead remained \
Admiral Costanzo Ciano, the Hero of Buccari, the new Duce of the Italian Nation, died suddenly during an official state dinner. While already in advanced age, the Admiral had not shown signs of disease prior, and his unexpected death caused great outpourings of grief from the proletarian masses of the country. A monarchist and a nationalist who did not compromise the nation's safety for political convenience, Ciano had refused to follow the cowardly Badoglio in Cagliari and instead remained \
A fine patriot, ruined by his terrible politics.
Let us mourn one of Italy's great heroes.
Restore the Monarchy?
With Italy unified, only one thing remains to be done before we can claim to have fulfilled the will of the Nation and brought it back from the brink of destruction; that is, the restoration of the Monarchy.\n\nOf course, despite our monarchist allegiances things are not so simple. For several years the State has gone on without the King at the helm; and the King in Sardinia made no overtures to our regime. However, now that Sardinia is no more we can restore the rightful King to the throne - that is Prince Umberto, who was illegally deprived of his titles in 1919. Still, in our years of rule many have cozied up with the idea of informal republicanism, and some even question the need to put any kind of roadblocks to the absolute power of the Italian Nationalist Association - which the Monarchy would eventually end up being.
We shall reinstate the rightful King.
We have grown beyond them.
The Anni di Piombo
A number of Blueshirts of the Associazione Nazionalista Italiana, led by their leader Alessandro Sardi, have denounced the government and proclaimed war against [ITA.GetNameDef] and her \
They shall pay.
Assassination Attempt Foiled
Today an attempt on life of the head of the Federation, Grand Duke Pietro Ferdinando, was foiled by the brave men of the Carabinieri. The news has shaken the government and the people have already declared their wish for the ANI to be found. However, a spokesman for the ANI has declared that next time they will not fail at ridding the world of the 'Austrian lapdog'.
Today an attempt on life of the head of the Federation, Count Marcello Visconti, was foiled by the brave men of the Carabinieri. The news has shaken the government and the people have already declared their wish for the ANI to be found. However, a spokesman for the ANI has declared that next time they will not fail at ridding the world of the 'false king'.
Today an attempt on life of the head of the Federation, Giuseppe Volpi, was foiled by the brave men of the Carabinieri. The news has shaken the government and the people have already declared their wish for the ANI to be found. However, a spokesman for the ANI has declared that next time they will not fail at ridding the world of the 'Venetian poof'.
Thank God!
Minister assassinated
Today a member of parliament, known for his outspoken royal views, was assassinated by one of the ANI as he was giving a speech in Padua. While the Assassin was caught, the leaders of the ANI still remain at large.
Damn ANI.
The ANI Strike
Today the Blueshirts of the ANI managed to capture the city of Brescia. The fall of Brescia to these terrorists represents the greatest victory for the ANI in their war against the regime so far. The people of Brescia have welcomed them as liberators, flying a flag of Italy with its centre coat of arms cut out. Blueshirts patrol the streets of the city and violence against anyone suspected of being a monarchist has already begun.
We must reclaim Brescia!
Liberation of Brescia
We finally were able to liberate the city of Brescia from the ANI scum. The battle was bloody and fighting was block by bloody block but we were able to drive them out of the city. Though the ANI were welcomed at first as liberators, the terror the Blueshirts inflicted in their purge of monarchists soured their opinions. Today the Army is being welcomed as the real liberators of the city.
They're on the run.
Ringleaders caught
Earlier today, several of the ringleaders behind the ANI organisation were apprehended by Carabinieri investigators. This is a serious blow to the nationalistic terrorists, and brings the country one step closer to eliminating them for good.
It's only a matter of time.
The Anni di Piombo is over
Today, we have declared victory against the ANI terrorists. They are finally destroyed. No more will these far-right nationalists trouble our country.
Finally they are destroyed.
Creation of the Mille Miglia
With Italy once again reunited a number of automotive companies and auto-enthusiasts have come up with what they believe will be the premier racing competition in Italy - The Mille Miglia. The Mille Miglia or 'Thousand Miles' starts in Brescia and goes all the way down to Rome before returning via a different route to Brescia.
See them go!
The Palazzo Mezzanotte
In Milan, the Palazzo Mezzanotte was unveiled today. The Palazzo Mezzanotte is to be the replacement for the old Stock Exchange of the Republic, designed with a tasteful mixture of neoclassical and modern architecture. With Black Monday now dissipating, the Palazzo Mezzanotte is already being considered the principal stock exchange in Italy.
Money is good.
Legnano
Today, the Historical Epic film 'Legnano' was released across the republic to widespread acclaim. The film tells the story of the Holy Roman Emperor Barbarossa and his attempt to control Italy, leading to the creation of the Lombard League and the Battle of Legnano. It was directed by Romolo Marcellini, and stars Fosco Giachetti, Luisa Ferida, and Osvaldo Valenti and funded by the ANI. Due to obvious parallels with the Austrian Empire, it has drawn criticism from the Austrians, despite that the Italian public seems to enjoy the film.
Today we expel the Black Eagle from Lombardy!
1936 Cansiglio Earthquake
In the early hours before dawn, the regions of Northeastern Italy on the Cansiglio were shaken by a terrific earthquake. Tragically 19 people were killed and countless more injured. Many of the smaller towns in the region were destroyed or damaged.
May God save them.
Anniversary of the Golden Ambrosian Republic
500 years ago in Milan, the citizens of the city chased out the Visconti and set up a Republic in the city. Though the city would be betrayed and become a monarchy again, the ideas of the Republic still resonate with the people in and around Milan. Within Milan, there is a big celebration and a week-long festival celebrating the 500th anniversary of their attempt at a republic.
Long live the Republic!
Milan Fashion Week
With the economy strong, a number of fashion designers in Milan have decided to set up a week-long event in the Spring so that Milan, and with her Italy, can become the fashion capital of the world. Already a number of the various fashion companies are working to make sure that Milan takes pride of place among the cultural and fashion capitals of the world.
Milan shall be the fashion capital of the world!
Carina Massone Negrone Sets a New Record
The famed Italian aviator Carina Massone Negrone has set a new record for aviation by flying up to 12,043 metres (39,402 feet) in her biplane and breaking a new record. A personal friend of [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] himself, her new record has made her popular within the republic, especially in nationalist circles.
A new record for Italy.
Gabriella Angelini's Solo Flight
Gabriella 'Gaby' Angelini has just completed her solo trip from Delhi. Already famous for visiting eight different countries, the young Aviator has become one of the most popular figures within Italy. At 25 years old she has captivated the people within the republic and even from outside of the republic. The Corriere della Sera was quoted as writing, 'This young Italian girl showed how females can be daring and not lose any of their truly exquisite femininity'.
Three cheers for Gaby Angelini!
The War Against Italy
We are losing badly in the war against [ITA.GetNameDef]. While it's possible we might still be able to turn things around, we do have another option: offer them our lands in southern Tyrol and the Littoral, and hope they will take that offer and leave us be. If they do not... it is entirely possible they might reach all the way to Vienna, and then our empire is lost to us for good.
Let's end this while we can.
Surrender to the Italians? Never!
Austria Proposes Peace
The Austrians are on the run, and have clearly realised they stand no chance against our forces. They have offered to turn over all our claimed territory, though there are some in the [ROOT.GetAdjective] leadership who are suggesting that now might be the time to defeat them utterly and force their subjugation. That option does not enjoy popular support, though it does hold some appeal.
The Austrians are on the run, and have clearly realised they stand no chance against our forces. The question before us now is how far we push our demands. Push too far, or refuse to make peace at all, and [GER.GetNameDef] might decide to intervene on behalf of their old ally. Defy them, and we could end up at war with the entire Reichspakt. That is, of course, if the Germans agree to intervene at all.
The Austrians are on the run, and have clearly realised they stand no chance against our forces. Forced to attend peace talks, we are the ones who find ourselves in a conundrum. Austria is unwilling to give up anything they hold, and should we push our claims or refuse to make peace they have threatened to turn to [GER.GetNameDef] for support. Defy them, and we could end up at war with the entire Reichspakt. That is, of course, if the Germans agree to intervene at all.
§Y[AUS.GetNameDefCap]§! will call on §Y[GER.GetNameDef]§! to intervene in the peace talks\n
We will keep our land claims limited
No, we will push for all our claims!
Let us end this now
We intend to wipe out the Austrians completely
Venetia is Lost
The war against [ITA.GetNameDef] has definitely not gone as planned. We were unable to prevent them from overtaking Venetia, and now we must make the decision whether to continue the war or pull out completely and leave Italy to its own fate. Any peace could be temporary, of course - it's not impossible that the Italians could turn around and attack us again, but perhaps the breather would be worth it?
We must pull out at once
Surrender to the Italians? Never!
Austria Withdraws from Venice
We have taken control over Venetia, despite the Austrian intervention, and now they are busy pulling their troops out as quickly as they can. So much for their lordship over Italy.
We will come for them later.
Venice Has Fallen
Venice has fallen to the forces of [SRI.GetNameDef], and now they threaten [Root.GetNameDef] itself. Should we call an end to this war, while we still can?
Austria in Trouble
[From.GetNameDefCap] has pushed far into Austria, and apparently intends to conquer the entire thing instead of sticking to its claims. It is clearly dangerous.
We should help Austria!
There is nothing we can do
The German Intervention
It seems that [From.GetNameDef] has become alarmed by our aggressive invasion of [AUS.GetNameDef]. Fearing our intention is to conquer it outright, the Germans have come to the aid of their former Weltkrieg allies.
Damn it!
The Italian Demands
The Italians have demanded every bit of land they have a claim on, owned either by us or our subject states. We do have the option of turning to our old allies in [GER.GetNameDef] and asking for their intervention... that would, at least, force the Italians to keep their demands more limited, even if it would make [Root.GetNameDef] look weak.
We ARE weak - appeal to the Germans
Give the Italians whatever they want
No German Intervention
It seems the Austrian threat was as much hot air as their military capabilities. There will be no German intervention in the peace talks, and we will get all the land we claim.
Excellent!
The Austrians are in Trouble
Amazingly, it appears as if [AUS.GetNameDef] is incapable of holding [ITA.GetNameDef] at bay. The Italians have forced them into peace talks. The Austrians have approached us, however, saying that the Italians have demanded too much territory, and are asking for our intervention. Doing so makes us look good, but it does mean we risk war should the Italians refuse.
Of course we will help our old allies
The Austrians are on their own
The Germans Have Refused
It seems our ties with [GER.GetNameDef] do not run as deeply as we thought. They have refused our request, and we are left with no choice but to submit to the full Italian demands.
Alas!
The Germans Have Agreed
The German government has agreed to our request for an intervention! Surely the Italians will back down on their unreasonable demands and make peace now?
How humiliating for us, even so
The Germans Have Intervened
While it is outrageous that they would stick their noses where they're not welcome, the Germans have agreed to aid their old Austrian allies. Their diplomats have informed us that either we restrict ourselves to modest gains only or they will turn the power of the entire Reichspakt upon us.
Very well, we accept their terms
Never! Bring on all their armies!
Withdrawal from the Italian Republic
Black Monday has hit [AUS.GetNameDef] hard... hard enough that many of our companies have been forced to withdraw from [ITA.GetNameDef]. Not only has our economic hold over the Italians weakened, we also cannot afford to maintain our occupation forces there. For good or ill, [ITA.GetNameDef] is now effectively independent. We will have to maintain a working relationship with them, at least until we can restore our own strength.
Our sphere of influence retracts.
The Austrian Withdrawal
Black Monday has hit [AUS.GetNameDef] hard. Their markets have plunged so low that many Austrian stockholders of Austro-Italian companies have panicked and sold countless bonds to native Italians, weakening the Austrian stranglehold over our economy. Not only have we rid ourselves of foreign economic influence, the Austro-Hungarian Reichskriegsminister has recalled the divisions stationed in our territory, unable to afford the financial burden of keeping us safe from what many in Vienna foolishly believe to be an empty Socialist threat. For good or ill, [ITA.GetNameDef] is now effectively independent of Austrian domination, at least until they regain their full strength. Many Italians are worried about whether or not this will leave us exposed to attack by [SRI.GetNameDef]. A war right now would be a terrible prospect.
Is this a step towards a free Italy?
ANI Protests Elections
Massive demonstrations were held today in Milan as well as other cities throughout [Root.GetNameDef], with ANI leader [ITA_GetNatPopLeader], undoubtedly incited by the radical leadership of the Blueshirts, accusing the government of rigging the elections with Austrian assistance. Austrian influence is felt everywhere throughout the country, Ciano said, and suggested that Italians would never have true independence until they overthrew their oppressors. While Ciano has yet to show any true evidence of rigging, his words still found many eager listeners... and there is a growing concern that his cadre of followers might cause trouble for the government.
Outlaw the ANI and shut them down.
Keep a close eye on him - this is still a democracy.
Blueshirts Wreak Havoc
In response to the recent government crackdown, [ITA_GetNatPopLeader]'s most ardent supporters within the Associazione Nazionalista Italiana, dubbed 'Blueshirts' by the media, have been spreading chaos throughout the nation. Led by \
How long will this go on?
Anti-Government Demonstrations
As the terror campaign by the Associazione Nazionalista Italiana continues, protests against the government's inept handling of the violence have erupted throughout the country. The largest of these drew well over a hundred thousand in Milan, bringing the nation to a standstill as protestors threatened to start a national strike if the government does not round up the ANI ringleaders soon. Despite the protests, it is clear that the police actions against Ciano's group are having limited effect - indeed, he appears to be gaining as many followers as he loses to the mass arrests.
We are doing what we can!
The March on Milan Fails
With the government crackdown growing more severe in recent days, Consul-General Sardi called on the Blueshirts to march on the parliament building in Milan today - provoking a massive demonstration which turned into a full-on battle in the middle of the city as the police and military took prompt action. With hundreds of casualties, Sardi and his supporters were eventually dispersed. Sardi himself remains at large, however, and despite his failure to enact a coup there are now calls for the government to step down. Opposition parties claim the republic is in chaos and intend to force a vote of confidence in the Italian parliament as soon as possible. On the upside, the whole affair has left the formal leader of the ANI [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] completely politically isolated, as he struggles to retain control of his own party.
At least Ciano is out of the picture.
The Vote of Confidence
Today the vote of confidence will be held in the Italian parliament. At stake is the very survival of the republic - if the government falls, it will be a clear sign that the system is considered dysfunctional, and many are reluctant to turn to yet another chaotic election campaign. Indeed, members of the nobility have been gathering supporters around them and are already suggesting that an empowerment of the monarchical Federation Council might be preferable. The threat of this has pulled other officials to call for votes in support of the government, no matter what.
The government narrowly survives the vote.
The government falls.
Return to the Federation?
With the government fallen and faith in the republic destroyed, there are two options for how the government can proceed. One is to restore the power of the Federation, where members of the nobility would take up administrative posts on the Federal Council, to be led either by the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, Pietro Ferdinando, or Count Marcello Visconti of Lombardy. Elections would be restricted throughout parts of the country and democracy as we know it would end. While many favour the stability that route would bring, there are others, among them Venetian nationalists, who suggest disbanding the Federation in its entirety - the states of Venetia and Lombardy would become independent entities, even though such a separation might only prove an opportunity for outside forces to pounce.
Restore the Federation under the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Restore the Federation under Count Visconti.
Disband the Republic completely. (Play as Lombardy)
Disband the Republic completely. (Play as Venice)
ANI Recruiting in the Military
The popularity of the Associazione Nazionalista Italiana continues to grow unchecked, and now it appears [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] has been campaigning hard amongst the generals of the Republican army. It is unknown whether any have agreed to join his cause, but rancor against the government has been increasing and many officials fear a coup could be in the offing. Taking a stand against the ANI now, however, could provoke the kind of violence which might drive the army towards supporting Ciano even if they weren't already considering it. What shall we do?
We must act now, no matter the consequences.
Campaign for our own support and prepare for the worst.
Massive ANI Demonstrations
As support for the ANI increases, and violent riots in [ITA.GetNameDef] become commonplace, protests against the government's inept handling of the situation have erupted throughout the country. The largest of these drew well over a hundred thousand in Milan, bringing the nation to a standstill as protestors threatened to start a national strike if the government does not deal with the ANI ringleaders soon. Protestors are suggesting that the government's inaction is tantamount to incompetence.
We are doing the best we can!
The March on Milan
Alessandro Sardi, leader of the Blueshirts, today called for a massive march on the royal palace in Milan, suggesting that a show of force is the only way to force the government to resign and clear the country of Austrian influence and corruption. Though Ciano himself doesn't seem to be directly involved in the plot, suggesting a potential collapse of his authority in his own party, Sardi's calls for a \
Sardi's coup is successful.
Sardi and his supporters are dispersed.
Blueshirt Ringleaders Finally Caught
After a long manhunt, it appears the leadership of the Blueshirts, including Consul-General Sardi, have been caught and arrested. Most are now awaiting trial, while the country breathes a sigh of relief. [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] has condemned the arrest of the leader of his party's militia; though its independent actions collapsed his authority in the ANI, Ciano has now regained control of a party that is a shadow of its former self. Some call for Ciano's arrest; but the collapse of the ANI as a political force put the government on the track to leniency, if only to avoid reopening this can of worms. Many consider this to be a sign that the worst of [ITA.GetNameDef]'s political struggles are over.
It's about time!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims [claimed_state.GetName]
With a resurgence in irredentism since reuniting the country, [From.GetNameDef] has laid claim to the state of [claimed_state.GetName], currently held by [Root.GetNameDef]. [Root.GetAdjective] citizens in the region are understandably alarmed, although native Italians have already started protesting in the streets and demanding that they be reunited with the motherland.
They dare!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Abandons the [Root.GetFactionName]
With a resurgence in irredentism since reuniting the country, [From.GetNameDef] has laid claim to the state of [claimed_state.GetName], currently held by [claimed_state.Owner.GetNameDef]. Since the state is already claimed by a member of the [Root.GetFactionName], the [From.GetAdjective] government has decided that its goals are incompatible with those of the alliance and has elected to withdraw. Whether this means a war with [From.GetNameDef] is in the offing remains to be seen.
A foolish move
Anti-Syndicalist Partisans Rise Up
We've always had suspicions that there was an underground network preparing for the day when we and [ITA.GetNameDef] went to war. Their numbers are not overwhelming, but their appearance behind our lines is unexpected, and they have caused a fair amount of disruption throughout the country.
It will change nothing
[From.GetNameDefCap] Claims Libya
Citing the fact that their Libyan colony was only unjustly wrested from Italy thanks to their loss in the Weltkrieg, the [From.GetAdjective] government today announced that it was now claiming the entirety of Tripolitania as their own. Whether that will mean a demand is forthcoming, or even war, remains to be seen.
How dare they!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Demands Libya
The [From.GetAdjective] government has issued an ultimatum to us: turn over all our territory in Tripolitania at once - which they claim, in its entirety - or they will be forced to invade. Already, [From.GetAdjective] ships are crossing the Mediterranean and making their intentions rather obvious.
The [From.GetAdjective] government has issued an ultimatum to us: turn over all our territory in Tripolitania at once. This includes cutting [LBA.GetNameDef] loose from our control. which [From.GetNameDef] would presumably then invade. Already, [From.GetAdjective] ships are crossing the Mediterranean and making their intentions rather obvious.
Fine, give them what they want
If it's a war they want, they'll get it!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Abandons Us
[From.GetNameDefCap] has responded to a demand by the [From.From.GetAdjective] government, which claims Tripolitania as its own, by agreeing to cut us loose - already [From.GetAdjective] officials and [From.GetAdjective] forces are busy leaving [Root.GetNameDef]. One assumes that a declaration of war from [From.From.GetNameDef] will be forthcoming shortly.
We shall see!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Relented
Apparently too terrified at the prospect of starting a war with us over the territory, [From.GetNameDef] has relented to our ultimatum and turned over all their owned land within Tripolitania. Diplomacy has won the day!
Apparently too terrified at the prospect of starting a war with us over the territory, [From.GetNameDef] has relented to our ultimatum and cut [LBA.GetNameDef] loose. They are no longer responsible for the [LBA.GetAdjective] government and will not protect them. We are free and clear to invade, if we should so wish.
Excellent
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has utterly refused our ultimatum. It seems we have little choice but to go to war.
So be it!
The Italians are Winning
The war is going poorly. [libya_italy.GetNameDefCap] has succeeded in occupying Tripolitania, and we are so far unable to dislodge them from it. Nor have we been able to occupy any of their mainland territory. Many within the [Root.GetAdjective] government feel that now is the time to sue for peace and stop this war before it goes on any longer.
End this now
We must keep fighting!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sues for Peace
It seems the [From.GetAdjective] government has decided it would rather sue for peace than keep on defending Tripolitania. If we end the war now, they will hand it over - and that will be that.
That's all we want
No, we shall pursue this to the end!
We Are Losing
Our attempt to regain Libya has led to disastrous results, and now we are in danger of losing the entire country. Perhaps if we offer to simply give up our claims on Libya entirely, and hand over any lands claimed by [peace_country.GetNameDef] or its allies, they might be willing to simply end things now?
We must try
No, we can still win!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sues for Peace
It seems the [From.GetAdjective] government has decided its pursuit of Libya has come at too high a price. They have offered to give up their claims on Tripolitania entirely, and hand over any land that we or our allies claim (if any exist), if we will simply call off the war now.
Yes, let's end this now
They started this, now we will see it through
The War Drags On
The war against [peace_country.GetNameDef] and the [peace_country.GetFactionName] has dragged on for months, and considering we've already defeated their Italian allies it seems pointless to continue. Perhaps we can suggest they agree to a simple truce, where all we gain is the land we already have and any claims of ours held by [peace_country.GetNameDef] or their allies. Nothing more.
Let's make the suggestion
No - we will fight this to the bitter end!
The [From.GetAdjective] Proposal
[From.GetNameDefCap] has approached us suggesting peace - we end this war now, with them walking away with whatever they've already taken and any claimed lands still held by us or other members of the [Root.GetFactionName], and call it even. The alternative is to continue this war even longer, one where we have made absolutely no headway.
Let's end this now
No - we can still fight this!
Italy United!
Today His Holiness Pope [PAP.GetLeader] declared that Italy had finally been reunified and made whole. \
A new power arises.
Italy United!
Today the King of Lombardy, [LOM.GetLeader], declared that Italy had finally been reunified and made whole. \
Today the Duke of Lombardy, [LOM.GetLeader], declared that Italy had finally been reunified and made whole. \
Today the Prime Minister of [LOM.GetNameDef], [LOM.GetLeader], declared that Italy had once again been reunified. \
A new power arises.
Italy United!
Today the Doge of [VNC.GetNameDef], [VNC.GetLeader], declared that Italy had finally been reunified and made whole. \
Today the Doge of [VNC.GetNameDef], [VNC.GetLeader], declared that Italy had once again been reunified. \
A new power arises.
ANI Wins Italian Elections
The Italian Republic has been under the protection of Austria since the Italian civil war ended fifteen years ago. After Black Monday, however, Austria withdrew much of its influence and military from the nation, and left the Italian Republic to deal with their economic troubles themselves. In order to gain more support in the parliament to deal with Black Monday as they saw fit, the ruling Liberal Democrats under Ivanoe Bonomi called for early elections. These elections have concluded in the election of the anti-Austrian Associazione Nazionalista Italiana.\nThe new Prime Minister, [ITA.GetLeader], stated today in a speech in Milan that nothing shall ever stand in the way of Italy's greatness, and Black Monday was the direct cause of vile Austrian interference and colonialism, which will be eradicated by the new legions of Italy.
Interesting.
A new enemy, it seems.
We will be stronger than ever!
The Venetian Revolt
With the recent electoral victory of the right-wing and vehemently anti-Austrian ANI party in the Italian Republic, there has been open sedition in the Veneto region by moderates opposed to the new government. Many regional rebels are openly calling for the restoration of the Serene Republic of Venice, the famous state that had been conquered in the Revolutionary Wars and ruled alternatively by France, Austria and Italy ever since.\n\nThough it is as yet unclear whether this is part of an Austrian scheme to further their influence on the peninsula or represents legitimate efforts by rebels to free themselves from ANI rule, already fighting is breaking out across northern Italy posing a substantial risk to the Milan government, surrounded as it is by enemies on all sides.
Can the Queen of the Adriatic survive?
The Italian Federation Restored
Carried to victory by Austria in their revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by the Republicans. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the Council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states that comprise the Federation.\n\nThe Head of the Federation Council is, once more, Grand Duke Pietro Ferdinando of Tuscany. Many believe his return to power is no small coincidence, considering he is a Habsburg and Austrian influence in northern Italy has plainly been restored.
Aided by Austria in their successful revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by Republicans. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states within the Federation.\nThe Head of the Federation Council is Duke Marcello Visconti of Modrone, a surprising move, since the nation's Austrian protectors would have preferred the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany. Anti-Austrian sentiment remains high in the country, however, and thus the move was thought safer.
Aided by Austria in their successful revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by the Republican Whites. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the Council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states within the Federation.\nWhile some assumed the Head of the Federation Council would, once again, be the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, the Venetians instead opted to put their own Prime Minister, Giuseppe Volpi, in the position. Considering his instrumental role in the revolt against the ANI, many in Italy consider him a national hero.
Successful in their revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by the Republicans in Milan. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states that comprise the Federation.\n\nThe Head of the Federation Council is once more the Habsburg Grand Duke Pietro Ferdinando of Tuscany, a move that will be sure to please neighbouring Austria.
Successful in their revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by the Republican Whites. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states that comprise the Federation.\n\nThe Head of the Federation Council is Duke Marcello Visconti of Modrone. While this is a surprising move to some, anti-Austrian sentiment remains high in the country and the government did not wish to return to Austrian influence.
Successful in their revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced the restoration of the Italian Federation - the system of government put into place by Austria after the end of the civil war but allowed to lapse in 1929. This time the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, will not be led by the Republican Whites. Too many, it is said, have lost faith in democracy, and thus the council will hold full power and be led by a leader of one of the states that comprise the Federation.\nWhile some assumed the Head of the Federation Council would, once again, be the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, the Venetians instead opted to put their own Prime Minister, Giuseppe Volpi, in the seat. Considering his instrumental role in the revolt against the ANI, many in Italy consider him a national hero.
Let's see how long it lasts this time.
Dissolution of the Italian Republic
Successful in their revolt against [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the radical ANI, Venetian leaders today announced that they would not restore the Italian Republic, and that instead both it and the new state of Lombardy would go their separate ways as independent nations. Lombardy is currently under military rule, though the government is being assisted by Duke Marcello Visconti and most expect he will take the reins as the country's leader.\n\nThis is unsurprising, considering that faith in democracy has been severely shaken, and the military is concerned that ANI support has not yet been crushed. Whether this move will mean a new status quo of Venetian leadership in the region or leave both nations vulnerable to foreign threats remains to be seen.
The old order fragments further.
Austria Forces Italy to Restore Federation
While the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, the governing body of the Italian Federation, had lapsed in 1929, today the [AUS.GetAdjective] government announced its restoration as the official government of Italy... though this time without the Republicans, the leader of which the Austrians had been forced to accept as the Federation's head following the civil war. Though demonstrations throughout Italy signify this as an unpopular move, elections have been suspended and all power placed in the hands of the Council and its aristocratic members - with the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, Pietro Ferdinando, becoming the new Head of the Council.\nWhile Austria claims that it does not consider the Federation a puppet, this does very much signify a restoration of Austrian influence, lost after the events of Black Monday in 1936.
Let's see how long it lasts this time.
[ITA.GetNameDefCap] Defies Austrian Ultimatum
While the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or Federation Council, had lapsed in 1929, [AUS.GetNameDef] has given Milan an ultimatum, insisting that the Council's rule in [ITA.GetNameDef] be restored - with or without the Republicans at the Council's head, as it was before the dissolution. The ultimatum has now expired, and it is clear the Italians mean to keep their newfound freedom.\n\nAlready, Austrian and Italian troops have begun skirmishing at the borders, and Italian Prime Minister [ITA.GetLeader] has held a speech in Milan, calling on all true Italians to fight the Habsburg Empire's \
A dangerous move.
[AUS.GetNameDefCap] Withdraws From Italy
It is clear that Black Monday has hit [AUS.GetNameDef] hard. The Austro-Hungarian Reichskriegsminister today announced he was recalling divisions stationed in [ITA.GetAdjective] territory, unable to afford the financial burden of keeping them safe from [SRI.GetNameDef]. For good or ill, [ITA.GetNameDef] is now effectively independent of Austrian domination, at least until the Austrians regain their full strength and decide whether or not their interests in the Italian peninsula are worth regaining.\n\nMany in [ITA.GetNameDef] have expressed worry about whether or not this will leave them exposed to attack by [SRI.GetNameDef], a move which would plunge Italy into civil war once again.
Austrian influence wanes further.
An opportunity, perhaps?
Italian Democracy Survives
After many months of terrorist acts by the ANI rocked [ITA.GetNameDef] and caused many within the nation to doubt the government's ability to maintain order, a vote of no confidence was held in Milan today - if passed, many feared it would have signalled the republic's collapse.\n\nBy the narrowest of margins, the motion was defeated, and Prime Minister [ITA.GetLeader] has announced from the steps of the government buildings that democracy in Italy had survived its greatest challenge, and that the republic would live on.
So it would seem.
Italian Government Falls
After many months of terrorist acts by the ANI rocked [ITA.GetNameDef] and caused many within the nation to doubt the government's ability to maintain order, a vote of no confidence was held in Milan today... a motion which passed, by the narrowest of margins.\n\nAttentions have now turned to the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, the old government of the Italian Federation, which lapsed after 1929 but still technically existed, and it has stepped in to fill the void left by the republic. The Council, consisting of aristocrats from the states of the Federation and led by the Habsburg Grand Duke of Tuscany, Pietro Ferdinando, has suspended elections and declared the restoration of the Italian Federation in full.
After many months of terrorist acts by the ANI rocked [ITA.GetNameDef] and caused many within the nation to doubt the government's ability to maintain order, a vote of no confidence was held in Milan today... a motion which passed, by the narrowest of margins.\n\nAttentions have now turned to the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, the old government of the Italian Federation, which lapsed after 1929 but still technically existed, and it has stepped in to fill the void left by the republic. The Council, consisting of aristocrats from the states of the Federation and led by Marcello Visconti, Duke of Modrone, has suspended elections and declared the restoration of the Italian Federation in full.
After many months of terrorist acts by the ANI rocked [ITA.GetNameDef] and caused many within the nation to doubt the government's ability to maintain order, a vote of no confidence was held in Milan today... a motion which passed, by the narrowest of margins.\n\nAfter much acrimony in the government's chambers, it was clear the republic had fallen and there was going to be no resolving the differences among politicians and the people. It seems Venice and Lombardy have elected to go their separate ways, each lead by their own governments and in charge of their own destinies.
Interesting.
ANI Overthrows Italian Government
After failing in their attempt to take power in the 1937 elections, [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] and the ANI today overthrew the Italian government following months of insurrection and bombings. The republican government's attempts to keep order failed miserably enough that sentiment turned against them, and the ANI pounced on this weakness and gained considerable support within the Italian military.\n\nWith demonstrations filling the streets, particularly in Venice, [ITA_GetNatPopLeader] today announced that the ANI had taken complete control and would see that the nation remained strong in the face of the syndicalist threat.
Seems like a recipe for instability.
Italy United!
Today the leader of [ITA.GetNameDef], the self-styled \
Today the Head of the Consiglio della Federazione Italiana, or the Federation Council, [ITA.GetLeader], declared that Italy had finally been reunified and made whole. \
Today the Prime Minister of [ITA.GetNameDef], [ITA.GetLeader], declared that Italy had once again been reunified. \
A new power arises.
Italy
Italian
Italy
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian Republic
the Italian Republic
Italian State
the Italian State
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Italian Federation
the Italian Federation
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
Kingdom of Italy
the Kingdom of Italy
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 15th, 1904, in Racconigi, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen the war turned on Italy and his father abdicated for both himself and his son, then Prince of Piedmont Umberto had thought everything lost. Going into exile in Canada before returning to Sardinia in the mid 1920s, he would go on to build a military career away from the spotlight, while his uncle and cousin the Dukes of Aosta stood on the throne he had once been destined for.\n\nThe throne, however, eventually came for him. When the ANI sought to restore the Monarchy they turned not to the Duke of Aosta, tarnished by his reign in Sardinia, but to the former Prince of Piedmont, whom the old admiral Ciano always saw as the only true pretender to the throne.\n\nThis throne is however a gilded cage for the constitutionally-minded Umberto: with his every move watched by the Prime Minister and ANI leaders Federzoni and Sardi, he's forced to sit and wait for new political developments, while the Blueshirts build him an Empire.§!
Costanzo Ciano
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1876, in Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn unassuming sailor, a terrible public speaker, no one would have thought the Tuscan officer would have ever amounted to anything much; and yet, there he is.\n\nAfter years of service in the Navy, Ciano was shot to national relevance due to his actions in Buccari in 1918; Decorated with a golden medal to valour, his fifth, he would watch in horror as the war turned on Italy. He would fight for the White side in the civil war, ensuring their superiority at sea in the Adriatic; he also became one of the few monarchist officers not to follow Badoglio in Sardinia during his evacuation.\n\nHailed as a national hero and one of the few men in the Northeast to be able to oppose both Austrian hegemony and Red infiltration, he rose to ANI leadership with the support of both party secretary Luigi Federzoni and Blueshirts leader Alessandro Sardi, becoming the figurehead of the movement.\n\nWhen the ANI was carried to power in the aftermath of the chaotic 1936 elections, Ciano was seen as the natural leader of the country, a true Duce to follow in the footsteps of Garibaldi and free Italy from tyranny.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1876, in Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gian Galeazzo Ciano
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1903, in Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe firstborn son of admiral Costanzo Ciano, Gian Galeazzo had been a diplomat for most of his life when the sudden death of his father forced an extraordinary leadership conference within the Nationalist Association.\n\nWith neither Sardi's Blueshirts nor Federzoni managing to gain control of the organisation and straining its unity, they turned to the son of their Duce; the younger Ciano accepted, and was given the reins of government.\n\nPersonally a monarchist and a known anglophile, Ciano doesn't have much of an opportunity to put his views into action; the very same forces that put him in power control his every move, making his government a puppet show of Sardi and Federzoni. Still, the two pillars of the ANI will not be around forever; and who knows, one day the younger Ciano may finally step in the shoes of his father.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1903, in Livorno, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pietro Ferdinando d'Asburgo-Lorena
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1874, in Salzburg, Duchy of Salzburg, Austria-Hungary§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile many in Italy dream of great change, others look back to the past - back when things were different. For many of such nostalgics, they look to Garibaldi or Mazzini, for a time when Italy was strong and united. But, there is a minority that look back even further. It would appear that their dream has come true: Grand Duke Pietro Ferdinando d'Asburgo-Lorena has assumed the title of President of the restored Italian Federation, a collection of pre-Risorgimento Italian states. His ascension is no doubt in part as a reward for Austria's loyal patronage of Italian aristocrats and conservatives.\n\nPietro Ferdinando was born in Salzburg to the former Grand Duke Ferdinand IV of Tuscany, one of the larger states in Italy. His father had been deposed, and in exile abdicated his claim to the throne in favour of the Austrian Emperor. The third son of his family and given the political circumstances, Pietro Ferdinando did not expect to be restored to Tuscany and enrolled in the Austrian military.\n\nDuring the Weltkrieg, he served as an infantry commander and aided in the occupation of Northern Italy. As the armistice was first signed, Austrian planners began drafting up plans to restore the old status quo with a small twist: there would be a loose federation led by the Pope to govern Italy and quell Italian nationalistic sentiment. Since his brothers both married morganatically, General Pietro Ferdinand was chosen by Charles to become the new Grand Duke of Tuscany.\n\nThese designs proved to be too ambitious. The Austrian advance never made it to Tuscany, and socialist rebels have overrun the region. Moreover, by 1930 the Federation had collapsed: Sicily and Sardinia left while Austrian troops pulled out of the north. A republic was declared, and Pietro Ferdinand effectively stuck in a legal limbo. At least until now.\n\nTo keep himself entertained, the Hapsburg prince has been known to appreciate the arts. He is distantly related to the House of Bourbon-Parma through his mother's side.§!
Arturo Michelini
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1909, in Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of a liberal lawyer, Michelini was 10 years old when his family escaped the advancing Socialist armies and settled in Milan. Imprinted with anti-syndicalism from an early age, he briefly worked as an insurance agent before becoming assistant secretary to Augusto de Marsanich in the \
Marcello Visconti di Modrone
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1898, in Macherio, Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to Duke Uberto, Duke Marcello's family hadn't ruled Milan for almost five centuries by his birth; however, they had been heavily active in local politics through the entire period. With his grandfather having led the modernisation of the famous Scala Theatre and his father having been a notorious industrialist, the Viscontis of Modrone were already well known when the Austrians handpicked them to lead the new Duchy of Lombardy in the Italian Federation.\n\nWith his father's death in 1923, Marcello became Duke of Lombardy for the next four years; when Bonomi eventually declared the birth of the Italian Republic the Duke was involved in the negotiations for Lombard and Venetian autonomy, as well as ensuring the survival of the Council of the Italian Federation together with the Austrian Peter Ferdinand. Through the years of the Republic, the Duke of Modrone remained socially active, chairing the Milan Exhibition and briefly serving as Mayor of Milan with the support of a conservative coalition.\n\nOnce again propelled to the position of Head of State, Marcello remains a \
Emilio de Bono
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1866, in Cassano d'Adda, Bergamo, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTimes have not been very kind to Italy, and it would appear that the life of democracy in the Italian Republic was fleeting. Defeated by foreign powers and with the legacy of Italy's civil war still fresh on the occupiers' minds, Emilio de Bono has been tasked with establishing a provisional military government for Italy. Given the circumstances, it would appear that General de Bono will remain in office for some time to come.\n\nEmilio de Bono was born in Lombardy, a distant descendant of Lombardy nobility. He followed in his father's footsteps and enrolled in military school, studying at Milan and then Modena. An officer in the Bersaglieri, de Bono fought in Eritrea and Libya during the high period of the new Italian kingdom, a time that sadly could not last.\n\nWhen Italy fatefully cast their lot with the Entente in 1915, the then Colonel de Bono was sent to fight against the Austrians. Promoted quickly to Major General and leader of the \
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1866, in Cassano d'Adda, Bergamo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Gronchi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1877, in Pontedera, Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn a country dominated by Roman Catholics, it was perhaps no surprise when Giovanni Gronchi and the Italian's People's Party (PPI) took charge of the young Italian Republic. This coalition, dominated by Christian Democrats, promises to guide the Italian nation using Christian social teachings - contrasting with anti-clerical factions on the left while still promoting welfare and labour issues opposed by the right.\n\nThe man at the helm of the PPI is Giovanni Gronchi, a Tuscan-born follower of Father Romolo Murri, one of the early founders of Christian democracy in Italy. Initially a highschool teacher with a degree in literature from the University of Pisa, when the Weltkrieg broke out Gronchi fought as an infantry officer\n\nWhen the war ended, Giovanni Gronchi returned as a decorated soldier to a deteriorating political situation at home. Fearful of anti-Catholic violence, he fled Tuscany and went to Milan. There, Father Luigi Sturzo began to organise the PPI for the first time with the blessing of Rome and Vienna. Unlike the other Christian Democratic parties emerging in post-civil war Italy, the PPI found themselves under a Republic and proved to be comfortable serving both under the Austrian imposed federation and Bonomi's republican system.\n\nGronchi's activities as a PPI activist and representative have been varied. In addition to being a reasonably successful businessman, industrialist and salesperson, he was also notable for helping organise Catholic trade unions in an effort to undercut syndicalist influence and win better concessions for the workers. One of the more left-leaning members of the PPI, his ascension into leadership was not a sure thing. When Luigi Sturzo resigned as leader of the PPI, Gronchi took power as part of a triumvirate with Giulio Rodinò and Giuseppe Spataro. Together they formed a front against the rising Legionairism in Italy, hoping to organise the remaining democratic parties against them.\n\nGronchi's election as President of Italy now confirms the influence of the PPI in Italian politics. While some have criticised him for actions seen as conciliatory to socialists and syndicalists, his commitment to parliamentary democracy and his willingness to engage in some economic reform makes him a stable candidate to guide Italy for the near future.§!
Luigi Einaudi
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 24th, 1874, in Carrù, Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSometimes, despite all the chaos and all rapid changes engulfing a nation, it is easier to go back to the way things used to be. The triumph of the Italian Liberal Party is proof of that fact, and with the reemergence of the dominant party of the early 1900s, it would appear that the status quo of old has returned. But not everything is the same - Luigi Einaudi is a new man promising a new day in Italy. Under his careful eye, liberalism will flourish in Italy and will be more than just a capitalistic vehicle for political control. Rather, it will be an expansive ideology reflecting integrated approach to moral, economic and social reasoning.\n\nBorn in 1874 to a small town in Piedmont to a minor bureaucratic family, Einaudi was orphaned at age 14. He went to school in Turin, studying economics under Salvatore Cognetti de Martiis. A socialist in university and a collaborator with Critica Sociale, his time as a magazine contributor ended with a move towards liberal thought. He spent a significant portion of his life in academia, teaching finance at schools in Turin and Milan.\n\n1919 changed everything, not just for Italy but also for a young Einaudi. The middle aged professor found himself at Bocconi University in occupied Milan as socialist and nationalist revolutionaries began to overrun major cities and towns across the country. With many of his students dropping out to join a cause, Einaudi became inspired to find a movement of his own. He was introduced to national politics by Francesco Saverio Nitti during the chaotic early days of the Italian Federation, and soon became an outspoken member of the PLI\n\nAlthough Nitti remained with the Sicilian government after the Federation collapsed, Einaudi stayed with Federation leadership in Lombardy and joined the Republican government. He helped to reorganise the liberals, rallying them against the aristocratic influence of the Austrians and their Federationist allies as well as the nationalistic legionaires under Ciano. Instead, he has chosen to offer a vision of an Italy with the utmost respect for human liberty and encouraging the individual to pursue a form of self actualisation away from the dominance of the state. He also dreams of a European federalism, distinct from the false and exploitative \
Marcello Soleri
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1882, in Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEven as times change and politicians come and go, it can be reassuring for many that a familiar face is at the helm. Marcello Soleri is one of those faces, a long time political figure in the Italian Liberal Party from even before the Weltkrieg. Before the chaos that engulfed Italy. His vision for Italy marks a return to the old, liberal dominated order - challenging the Catholics to the right and the socialists to the left.\n\nSoreli was born in Cuneo, a small town near Turin. His parents were active in local politics, and instilled a powerful sense of duty into their sons. After studying at the University of Turin and receiving a degree in law, funded in significant amounts by family friends such as Giovanni Giolitti, Soleri became a part time journalist and a lawyer.\n\nHis early career was marked by a leftist turn, admiring socialists and joining a Masonic Lodge. However, he remained connected to Giolitti - a Liberal party grandee - and helped him campaign to rally moderate Christian opposition to socialism. Soleri became a mayor of Cuneo at age 30 in 1912 as the leader of a liberal-democratic coalition. He began an aggressive job-creating infrastructure development scheme, but transitioned to national politics within a year or so.\n\nAs a member of the chamber of deputies, Soleri frequently broke with the Liberal party, especially when it came to intervention in the Weltkrieg. Initially a \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 28th, 1882, in Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ivanoe Bonomi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1873, in Mantua, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTraitor. Sellout. Puppet. Failure. Ivanoe Bonomi has heard it all, but he still diligently fights every day for Italy and the Republic. Being a Prime Minister isn't an easy job for most countries, and certainly not in a divided Italy. When the Sicilians and Sardinians withdrew from the Italian Federation in 1930, then Prime Minister of the Federation Bonomi dissolved the Federation, a bold move that established a new republic and sidelined the foreign-raised monarchs nominally ruling Italy. Subsequently, he was elected Prime Minister of the new Italian Republic, and his willingness to work with the much-maligned Austria, while economically beneficial, continues to draw great internal scrutiny. Bonomi struggles to weather these increasingly virulent criticisms while cementing the republic's political institutions.\n\nIt would be unwise, however, to write off Bonomi as just another Austrian collaborator or political suit. The father of this new Italian Republic actually had his origins as a socialist deputy from Mantua. Born 1873, a generation after first Risorgimento, he grew up a scholar and a journalist as Italy transitioned from a wartime state to a new Kingdom. His moderate views and support for Giolitti's war in Libya saw him expelled from the PSI in 1912, and opted to co-found the Italian Socialist Reformist Party (PSRI).\n\nWhen the Weltkrieg began, he volunteered to go to the front. After a short stint however, he quickly assumed a series of high ranking cabinet positions, with portfolios including Public Works, War, and Treasury. With many other Italian politicians fleeing into exile or retiring from politics in 1919 after the humiliating armistice, Ivanoe Bonomi was one of the few who dared to remain in the government as the Austrians began drafting their peace terms. The deteriorating political situation saw Italy collapse into civil war and Austrian occupation of northern Italy\n\nRealising things have gone out of control and in a desperate bid to attract some liberal support, the Austrians allowed Bonomi to form a compromise provisional democratic government in Milan parallel to their Aristocratic federation project. Bonomi, for his part, dropped his openly socialist views in favour of joining the newly formed Liberal Democrats.\n\nHaving outflanked the Austrians for now, it is up to Bonomi to navigate the treacherous waters ahead if his Republic is to survive.§!
Ferruccio Parri
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1890, in Pinerolo, Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs one star fades, another rises in its place. After decades of leadership under Ivanoe Bonomi, the Liberal Democrats have emerged renewed under Ferruccio Parri. With the support of a wider coalition, Parri hopes for a new era of unity in a tumultuous Italy.\n\nInitially a school teacher in Milan and an editor at Corriere della Sera, the Weltkrieg changed Parri's life forever. Joining as an officer, he was decorated for bravery and was wounded on three separate occasions throughout the war. During the closing days of the war, he was an officer of the Italian General Staff, and was dismayed as the Italian military suffered defeat after defeat at the hands of the combined Austro-German offensive.\n\nParri was part of the Italian military remnant released by the Austrians to help stabilise the situation in the Italian homefront as Italian revolutionaries deposed the monarchy and sought to oust the Austrians from the peninsula. While suspicious of Austrian aims, he feared the rising tide of socialism and used his influence in Milan to organise partisan groups to counter red infiltration. He became moderately known locally for being a staunchly republican editor of the Corriere della Sera, promoting a liberal democratic alternative to syndicalism.\n\nInitially lukewarm towards the Italian Federation imposed by the Austrians, he became an avid supporter of Bonomi's Italian Republic when it was declared in 1930. By that point, he was a manager of Milan's largest electrical company and joined up with Bonomi's newly formed Liberal Democrats.\n\nNow, it is up to Parri to take up the torch of the party and safeguard the democratic, moderate ideals of the Republic.§!
Giacomo Matteotti
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1885, in Fratta Polesine, Rovigo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Rodolfo Graziani
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1882, in Filettino, Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ettore Bastico
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1876, in Bologna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Annibale Bergonzoli
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1884, in Cannobio, Novara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alberto Pariani
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1876, in Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ugo Cavallero
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1880, in Casale Monferrato, Alessandria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gabriele Nasci
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1887, in Cordignano, Treviso, Kingdom of Italy§!
Italo Gariboldi
§YBorn:§! §LApril 20th, 1879, in Lodi, Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Venanzio Gabriotti
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1883, in Città di Castello, Umbria, Kingdom of Italy§!
Fedele de Giorgis
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1887, in Chivasso, Turin, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alessandro Sardi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1889, in Sulmona, Aquila degli Abruzzi, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alberto da Zara
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1889, in Padua, Kingdom of Italy§!
Gino Pavesi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1888, in Pisa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Raffaele de Courten
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1888, in Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Carlo Bergamini
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1888, in San Felice sul Panaro, Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Meuccio Ruini
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1877, in Reggio nell'Emilia, Kingdom of Italy§!
Federico Comandini
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 11th, 1893, in Cesena, Forlì, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Uberti
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1888, in Verona, Kingdom of Italy§!
Augusto de Marsanich
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1893, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Luigi Federzoni
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1878, in Bologna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Cesare Forni
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1890, in Vespolate, Novara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Abbiate
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1872, in Genoa, Kingdom of Italy§!
Carlo Schanzer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1865, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austrian Empire§!
Luigi Gasparotto
§YBorn:§! §LMay 31st, 1873, in Sacile, Udine, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonio Mosconi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1866, in Vicenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Duccio Galimberti
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1906, in Cuneo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Alessandro Pavolini
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 27th, 1903, in Florence, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ezio Maria Gray
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 9th, 1885, in Novara, Kingdom of Italy§!
Nicolo Carandini
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1895, in Como, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ezio Vanoni
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1903, in Morbegno, Sondrio, Kingdom of Italy§!
Roberto Tremelloni
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1900, in Milan, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Conti
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1882, in Montegranaro, Ascoli, Kingdom of Italy§!
Arrigo Solmi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 27th, 1873, in Finale Emilia, Modena, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Tellera
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 14th, 1882, in Bologna, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ferruccio Ranza
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1892, in Fiorenzuola d'Arda, Piacenza, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Stoppani
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1895, in Lovere, Bergamo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Marziale Cerutti
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1895, in Brescia, Kingdom of Italy§!
Pietro Piacentini
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 26th, 1898, in Varmo, Udine, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Castoldi
Giovanni Giorgi
Nationalist Poster Boy
Nationalist Poster Boy
Hero of Buccari
Hero of Buccari
