Sweden Focus Tree
Intends to restore the monarchy.
Refused to restore the monarchy.
Revolution in Sweden
LKAB
Ericsson
AGA
Carl Gustafs Stads Gevärsfaktori
Husqvarna Vapenfabriks Aktiebolag
Bofors
Scania-Vabis
Volvo
Landsverk
Svenska Aeroplan AB
AB Thulinverken
Götaverken
Kockums
State Subsidies
Bofors Fly Swatter
Bofors Anti-Tank Gun
Advanced Armour-Piercing Rounds
Forefront of Aeroplane Development
High Capacity Dockyards
Statare
Statare are contract workers on annual basis of the lowest class of Swedish society. They are paid in kind with foodstuffs rather than with money and their continued existence as a relic of the pre-modern era has become somewhat of a national embarrassment due to their poor conditions.
Political Instability
With the retirement of the popular prime minister Arvid Lindman and the ascension of the hardly charismatic Gösta Bagge in his stead, the General Electoral League are in a dip, failing to energise voters where opposition leader Per Albin Hansson seems to be more successful. And naturally, not everyone is excited with the prospect of social democratic rule.
Black Monday
The hardships that hit Germany as a result of the Black Monday stock exchange crash did not spare Sweden from its effects. With exports to Germany plunging and German companies liquidating their Swedish assets more and more Swedes find themselves unemployed or in financial trouble.
[SWE.GetSWEprefixSW] Tekniska Högskolan
The [SWE.GetSWEprefixEN] Institute of Technology was established in 1827 and is still seen as one of the best academic institutions in engineering in Europe.
Landstormen
Landstormen are Sweden's territorial militias to be mobilised in times of war throughout the country.
Conservative Army Leadership
The Swedish army has fallen in somewhat of a doctrinal slump, failing to catch up to the rapidly changing tactics of war. It will be up to the government to bring them up to speed.
Infantry Army
The Swedish army is being reformed according to the ideas of general Holmquist, with a focus on supplying our soldiers with the most modern weapons and on the doctrines of our staff officers.
Mobile Army
The Swedish army is being reformed according to the ideas of general Douglas, with a focus on motorisation and the creation of a mobile force capable of swiftly conquering large swathes of land.
Army Investments
Navy Investments
Air Force Investments
Admiral Tamm's Plan
General Nordenskiöld's Plan
Industrial Sabotage
The syndicalists in Norway are attempting to destabilise the Swedish government by funding militant trade unions throughout the country.
Kompani Linge
Kompani Linge is a band of commandos lead by former actor Martin Linge. They are currently engaged in different forms of sabotage in Sweden.
§HWill be removed if:§!\n$TRIGGER_OR_STARTS$\n   $SWE_kompani_linge_SWE_is_socialist$\n   $SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_does_not_exist$\n   $SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_has_capitulated$\n   $SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_is_not_socialist$\n
[SWE_kompani_linge_SWE_is_socialist] $government_is_loc$Socialist.
[SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_does_not_exist] §H[NOR.GetNameWithFlag]§! $TRIGGER_DOES_NOT_EXIST$
[SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_has_capitualted] §H[NOR.GetName]§!: $TRIGGER_HAS_CAPITULATED$
[SWE_kompani_linge_NOR_is_not_socialist] §H[NOR.GetName]§!: $government_is_not_loc$Socialist.
Unity Cabinet
Military Work Battalions
STAPOL
Hostile Church Relations
Support of the Church of Sweden
Riksledare on the Front
The dire strategic situation has had the Swedish Riksledare worried and compelled him to join the forces loyal to his Sweden in its defence. The unusual situation of having their leader fight amongst them makes for a great morale boost, although everything will become normal after some time.
Dead Riksledare
Axel Gyllenkrok died a glorious death on the battlefield, but as a result hope has fallen lower than ever on the question whether Sweden will recover from the blows it has taken.
Radical Socialist Military
In the Radical Socialist military, the men pick their own officers through a council vote. They then put faith in the executive power of their elected officer and follows them with an outstanding loyalty.
Radical Socialist Economy
The current economy is wired to primarily assure our citizen's good living standards, and it is governed from a central state with some freedom for the local communes to adjust budgets as they see fit.
Radical Socialist politics
In our socialist society, people organise in strong unions which in turn represent them and their needs. Their chance to influence them is strong enough for people to feel like they are part of something important.
Radical Socialist People
The people of our nation feel encouraged, knowing that no matter what ills befall them, the state will be there to protect them, in sickness and in health.
Radicalised Army
The new revolutionary Military would appear to the onlooker a very traditional, imperialist army. A strict hierarchy and a focus on offensive campaigns. But now they call their sergeants Comrade.
Nationalisation of Industry
The current economy is designed to support grand projects initiated by the state, in particular in the military, and the power is more or less completely centralised to the party.
Totalist Hegemony
Political life revolves around a strong leader who will guide the rest of us to greatness.
Totalist Indoctrination
The people of our nation have been informed that there are spies and enemies around every corner. Only their vigilant, watching eyes can safeguard the revolution.
Unionised Military
The new Syndicated army is primarily organised for very local, defensive tasks and lacks a common command-structure. They fight fiercely, especially in home territory, but the lack of a traditional high commander hurts the efficiency of far-stretching plans.
Worker-Labour Economy
Our economy is very autonomous and is designed to strengthen local communes, no matter their size. With full power established locally, we put the power in the hands of the people who know their own backyard.
Workers and Labour Councils
Our politics are primarily focused on the commune and it lacks a strong, central authority.
Syndicalist Indoctrination
The people of our nation don't really feel like people of a single nation, but rather as people of a commune where everyone will look after each other.
Hotel Lockout
As a result of an employment dispute regarding strikes, not a single hotel in all of Sweden may be found that is properly staffed.
Reassured Business
Agricultural Reforms
Folkhemmet
Market Reforms
Statare
Aggressive Foreign Policy
Rapid Collectivisation
The True Folkhemmet
Reactionary Resistance
Patriotic Fervour
Agricultural Production Board
Allmänna Säkerhetstjänsten
The General Security Service is the common command structure over the Swedish intelligence and security services that has been established because of the war, greatly increasing the efficiency of these agencies.
Rocketry Setback
Norwegian Resistance
The decision to reunite the crowns of Sweden and Norway was met with significant backlash in the latter. It might take some time before Norwegians accept a return to a union that ended over three decades ago.
The Issues at Hand
While we enjoy relative prosperity compared to other countries in Europe, the people are still not satisfied. We cannot ignore the issues, both economic and social, that we face as a nation. As our term winds down, we must be sure that we have done everything we can for the Swedish people, especially as we seek reelection.
Reassure Big Businesses
We must ensure the continued support from corporations for our cabinet. They are an essential cornerstone of Sweden's economy and must be reassured that we are on their side, and don't intent to hinder them with pointless regulations. A few investments will suffice. In exchange for their loyalty.
Address the People's Pleas
The social democrats do not have a monopoly on charity! We must use our position to work towards the betterment of our citizens, especially as economic downturn and a divisive upcoming election seek to tear the intricately woven social fabric. We must ensure the safety and wellbeing of our citizens.
Agricultural Reforms
As we continue modernising Sweden, we must ensure that nobody is left behind. While urban industry is vital to our success, rural farms and towns are important as well. We shall touch up some of our laws to assist them, and some investments as well!
Elections at Last!
Sweden is and always will be a nation of democracy! The elections will be held on time, and many are expecting this to be a close and contentious election between the incumbent conservatives and social democratic SAP.
Opposition Victory
Much like the situation in Denmark, social democracy has succeeded in Sweden! Long has the conservative government fail to properly address the economic and social inequality in Sweden. The government will no longer represent big business, but instead the people. The SAP has a long road ahead of it, but it is a step on the way to a more prosperous future.
Forced Abdication
Due to the extensive support from the socialist SSV, they have asked us to implement one of their major policies - Abolishing the Monarchy. It is inconceivable that a man can wield power simply through having the right lineage rather than vote or skill. However, we must practise extreme prejudice, for the conservatives may take action if we abolish such an important institution in our society.
A Coalition of the Likeminded
The social democrats did not win the election on our own. Our coalition and compromise helped us secure a majority. We must take advantage of our ideological diversity!
Public Healthcare
One of the worst offences of the previous government was keeping health care in the hands of private companies. Companies that care about making a profit over keeping people happy, healthy and alive. We seek to mitigate this, by leaving healthcare to the government, which is not blinded by absurd motives like making profit.
Education Reforms
The Swedish education system has been long since neglected by the conservatives, and requires intervention! We must ensure widespread literacy and education, and will settle for nothing less!
An Equal Society!
The reforms of the SAP has transformed Sweden from a hierarchical society where the power rests in the hands of the few, into one where all men and women are truly equal. Fairness and equal opportunity are now important parts of the Swedish identity!
Folkhemmet
The SAP's ideal of Folkhemmet has now been applied nationwide! Sweden has now become the good home for its people it always should have been. The reforms of the SAP have mitigated the inequalities of a previously flawed system, into one where nobody is neglected by the government.
Abolish Statare
Statare is by no means a popular or proud programme existing in Sweden. The conditions of those under it are less than ideal. We should use our position of power to formally abolish it. We predict it will not be missed.
Basis of Democracy
The people have spoken and we have answered! These elections have been fraught with worry between the rising tensions from both the right and the left. Nevertheless, we have managed the walk the narrow line and keep our democratic traditions pure that have served our nation so well in the past.
Conservative Victory
Thankfully, the Swedish conservatives have maintained our power, and averted the disaster that would have been caused by the SAP. It's clear the people did not want Sweden to go the way of Britain or France, and have renewed their faith in conservatism. Now we can continue to take advantage of the market, and improve the quality of life of our citizens, without resorting to dangerous ideals of Syndicalism.
Free Trade Economy
It is time we wise up and realise that tariffs hurt far more than they help. Many nations would like to buy some of the vast amount of resources we have, and it is best that we stay out of this process with pointless protectionism.
Lower Taxes
We are at a point now economically when we can lower taxes and reduce government spending. We do not need to and should not control the economy, as a further intervention would just hinder economic growth. But we also have to reduce the social welfare spending - we don't have enough money for now. Without a doubt, this will be unpopular among people, but hopefully, this will pay back.
Resource Investments
Sweden is rich in natural resources - namely, precious iron ore is a valuable good on the European market. We can invest in mines and improve the excavation process - this will create more working places and generate revenue.
Foreign Investments To Arms Industry
'Bofors' artillery and 'Landsverk' tanks are popular not only among our military, other countries are also interested in them. By attracting foreign investments to the arms industry, we can produce more tanks and guns - and gain more profit!
Social Reforms
Now, after promised market reforms are finished and are successful, we need to invest in welfare and redirect here some of the profits. It will reduce social tensions and influence of socialist ideas.
Temporary Military Government
Disaster has been avoided! In our darkest hour, the military has stepped in and prevented the brutal transformation of our government into a syndicalist hellhole. Before the military relinquishes power, we must ensure the stability of our nation. We are not despots!
Return of the King?
The SAP's foolish abolition of the monarchy is what laid the course for the military intervention. We must fulfil our original mission to restore the monarchy. On the other hand, some of the more hardline members of the military propose that we do away with the restoration, and instead move towards direct military rule.
A New King
It was clear that by letting the socialists come to power, Gustav V has shown us all his failure to lead Sweden. As for the new king, his grandson shall suffice, and will hopefully never make a mistake of the magnitude of his grandfather's.
Stabilise the Nation
As things are more or less returning to normal, we must use our last measures to combat the widespread instability we face.
Protectionist Economy
Sweden has vast access to coveted resources, necessary for building ships, infrastructure and all other great things. If other nations seek to use our mineral wealth, we must make sure tariffs are placed to ensure our safety and profit. Foreign nations will not be able to run amok, taking what they want!
Swedish Red Scare
We have narrowly avoided going the way of France and Britain, but the threat is not gone. In fact, now more than ever we must ensure that socialism doesn't spread to our nation like a plague. We must remind the people what a socialist Sweden would truly look like. Breadlines, godlessness, economic ruin, collapse of the social order! We cannot afford for this to become our reality.
Unity under God
For nearly a millennium, Christianity has been the dominant religion in Sweden, and for good reason. The lord brought his wisdom upon the Earth, and instilled values of kindness, generosity and piety amongst the people. In this present crisis, we cannot forget these values, and must have a government truly ordained by God!
A New Constitution
The old Swedish constitution had its fair share of flaws, so there are proposals to draft a new one. One that prioritises Sweden first, and doesn't go too far in providing freedoms. Stability is the most important thing at the moment.
Big Businesses Sponsorship
While the social democrats flirt with nearly syndicalist policies, we are free to enjoy the benefits of free market capitalism. The corporations responsible for our success as a nation should endorse our leadership.
Corporatise Statare
Statare is a problematic system, but instead of removing it entirely like some suggest, we should place it under the purview of corporations. This is a surefire way to improve those working under it.
Permanent Military Government
While our intention at first was to place Swedish power back into the hands of the monarchy, we cannot let this happen. The monarchy refused to step in at the hour of our need and overthrow the social democrats, we did that for them! We can ensure our continuous stability by making military rule permanent.
Military Crackdowns
The country is filled with insubordination! Many protest the temporary military government, but we can use our position of power to crackdown on the more unsavoury protestors.
Loyalty to the Flag
For 500 years, the beautiful blue and yellow cross of Sweden has inspired millions and placed faith in our country and values. It should bring tears to the eyes of the average Swedish citizen. The people should stand for the flag as much as the flag stands for them. As well as there should be undying loyalty to the state, there shall be undying loyalty to the flag!
For Our Nation!
Patriotic fervour can be a rallying point to increase the stability in Sweden! Those who care about the nation will help us keep it together!
Ehrensvard Cabinet
Taking permanent military power is general Carl August Ehrensvärd. His power is being taken as a preventative measure against the more hardline military faction turning Sweden into an even more extreme stratocracy. He will co rule with his brother, Gösta Ehrensvärd, and is expected to make concessions to the Swedish people who are still pro democracy.
The Swedish Thaw
We cannot ignore the influence democracy still holds in Sweden. We must dissuade the extremists and ensure the support of democratic forces. We did not rescue Sweden from one disaster just to become another!
The Balancing Act
We find ourselves in a difficult situation. We must appease both conservative militarists who led to our rise to power and average republicans, who make up the majority of the Swedish population. If we manage to succeed, we will be in a very comfortable position.
Jung Junta
Helge Jung was content working under a democratic system, but its failure to safeguard the monarchy and capitalism made him play his hand. He is an open supporter of military rearmament, who has a decent sized base of support.
Extend Martial Law
The advantages of martial law are very apparent to us. There is no greater way to ensure stability, but we can also take it a step further. Just as the military guards the streets of Stockholm, it should guard the streets of every town!
Military Industry
As a nation ruled by the military, we must make large strides to ensure that it thrives. Factories shall be constructed that make weapons to contribute to the war effort!
Gyllenkrok Regime
By far the least likely of the three military leaders has come to power, Axel Gyllenkrok. He is known to be aggressive, rude, sarcastic and almost abusive to his subordinates. An intelligent man, and a proponent of aircraft and military budget, he will ensure that the Swedish military will thrive.
Domestic Threats
Our young military regime is by no means invincible. People who seek to undermine it are everywhere, and we must be sure this rebellion is extinguished!
Military Work Battalions
There shall be no such thing as a useless citizen. We can ensure loyalty to the military state as well as construction improvement by drafting civilians that do non-combat jobs to put their labour to use by building.
STAPOL
Let us not forget how close we came to socialism. Some citizens may still harbour sympathies to godless syndicalism. We need to keep a constant eye on the people we rule over by establishing a secret police force. This force can double to protect us abroad, by thwarting foreign agents who seek to belittle and destroy our social order.
Enemies Abroad
We are surrounded by the evils of the 20th century. Syndicalism, dangerous democracy and the like. We can take extreme measures to ensure our continued safety by eliminating the threats that surround us.
The First Congress
The plutocratic fatcats have bit the dust. For Sweden, a new era is about to break of true economic and political democracy. It is up to us to organise a conference to decide what Sweden's future will hold under the proletariat.
Union of Government
One of the first questions to be addressed is how the new government of Sweden should be organised. The several socialist factions have lined up with their proposals and the conference will have to make a decision.
The Swedish Red Army
While the capitalists in Sweden have been vanquished, enemies of the new Swedish order are omnipresent. To defend ourselves from these vultures, a properly loyal Red Army will have to be assembled, its exact form to be determined by the congress.
Socialist Economy
With the New Sweden comes a new economic system. The rotting capitalist system will obviously not do, as it is both unethical and bound to eventually collapse to ever larger economic crisis, by which Black Monday will look like peanuts, so a new form will have to be adopted.
Rebuilding our Society
Our society has been heavily impacted by the events during the last few years. It is important to recognise and reshape our vision on our society and to reconstitute it into a new socialist way of life.
The New Sweden
With the congress about to close, a new Sweden has been born. Let us elect a General Secretary to lead Sweden domestically and on the world stage, who can show that the barbaric capitalist state of old is truly a thing of the past.
World Revolution
The Swedish proletariat may be free and secure, but this is not the case everywhere; it is our sacred duty as revolutionaries to liberate workers still under the capitalist thumb until all of the human race shall co-exist in an equal and perfected world.
Restore the Public Order
The revolution has in the first place caused the falling away of authority in large parts of Sweden, especially the more remote parts where few socialists may be found. We should send out the militias and quench anarchy-induced injustices as soon as possible.
Control the Press
The Swedish press is in large part a tool of the plutocracy to keep the worker in check. Unsurprisingly, some of these news media have taken to criticising the socialist utopia in the making on behest of the caviar-eating overlords and something ought to be done about it.
Establish the Stasä
Fackföreningen för Statssäkerhet, soon to be known in short as simply Stasä, will be a special police union specifically focused on the arrest and removal of reactionaries trying to undermine the proletarian form of government we achieved.
Crush the last Resistance
With the restoration of order and control over public life, the last reactionaries to resist the socialist regime are about to give up or to flee abroad. The last, most zealous of them who swore to resist our regime shall then be crushed under the boots of the Stasä, the police and the militias.
Seize the Means of Production
Capitalist fatcats, both Swedish and German or even from other countries, are owning the larger part of the means of production of Sweden. We should take these compounds, factories, dockyards, shops and other assets so we shall soon be able to redistribute them to the worker once again.
End Statare
That the capitalists have no ethics at all, can be seen in the continued survival of the cruel Statare system, nothing less than slavery by any objective account. Now that the proletariat is in control, we should abolish this remnant of a feudal past at once.
Redistribute the Wealth
The wealth we seized from their greedy 'owners' ought to be given to the workers that together shaped this civilisation. In our free society, everyone shall be able to enjoy the boons of development equally, not just the richest 10% of the population!
True Folkhemmet
The true Folkhemmet is not the proposal of Hansson. Sweden can only truly be called a Folkhemmet if everyone enjoys complete equality and displays the capability of taking part in society to the same degree as all their comrades.
Fund Statens Järnvägar
The cold, large expanse of Scandinavia has a very clear infrastructure problem, especially as you get further north. The Statens Järnvägar is a long standing government owned railway company, who we can fund to help our infrastructure.
LKAB
Sweden is home to large expanses of steel reserves. One company specialising in extracting this is Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara Aktiebolag. Funding them would be a great way to increase our exports.
The 1936 Crisis Act
Sweden was plunged into economic crisis due to our attachment to the Mitteleuropa economic bloc. The Riksdag has developed a plan to save our economy, by making sweeping economic changes.
Agricultural Production Board
The Swedish Agricultural Production Board or APB will be created in order to help guide our people through this disaster. Through careful government oversight, we can make sure that agriculture products make it to where they need to be.
Light Industry Investments
We must not allow Swedish industry to be left behind. The government must provide economic investment to ensure its continued success.
Oil Shale and the SSAB
Sweden has significant deposits of oil shale, a fact known since the 18th century. Before the Weltkrieg, we had been ignoring these deposits but in the modern day and age, fuel is what wins wars. Let us expand our operations mining it.
[SWE.GetSWEprefixEN] Institute of Technology
The [KTH_abbreviation] is the technical university of Stockholm established in 1827. By supporting them, we can increase our yield in the research department and secure ourselves an edge in this sector.
Support Bofors
Bofor is our go to arms company, specialising in utilising our iron reserves for artillery and big guns. It would be a good idea to partner with them more.
Husqvarna Vapenfabriks Aktiebolag
Husqvarna Vapenfabriks is a purely Swedish arms factory with a long history of producing weapons. We should support them so we can use their presence to our advantage.
Encourage Urbanisation
It is the 20th century, and society as a whole is moving towards urbanisation. It would be a great advantage to us to embrace this as well, as Sweden is home to lots of agrarian societies.
Mobilise Landstormen
The Landstormen are a territorial militia to be mobilised in time of need. With the world becoming ever less stable, it is time for us to mobilise the Landstormen before it is too late.
Build Skånelinjen
Northern Europe has enjoyed relative peace compared to our southern neighbours, who nearly tore themselves to shreds in the Weltkrieg. As things heat up to the south again, we can protect ourselves by building forts against our southern shores.
Military Production Act
We should add some additional incentive to our industry to produce goods relative to defensive purposes and to equip our military with, rather than civilian trinkets with which we can do very little.
State Industry Fund
We should set up a fund from state origins to expand our industrial capacity in order to support a war, lest we be unable to properly defend the nation as a result of being behind.
Trelleborgs Gummifabriks AB
Trelleborg produces rubber products of all kinds, boots, tyres for cars and bikes. It could be very beneficial to support them, their expertise may well help us in an upcoming conflict or to enhance our economy.
The Beurling Commission
We could enhance our technology by forming a commission of scientists under the chairmanship of mathematician and professor Arne Beurling of the University of Uppsala. His knowledge of deciphering could be key in a confrontation by either military or clandestine means.
Establish FOA
It has been proposed to form the Försvarets forskningsanstalt out of the separate FKA, MFI and SUN research groups that make up the technological branch of our armed forces in order to streamline our research.
Försvarsbeslutet 1936
While we have been at peace since 1814, other countries threaten to destroy that equilibrium. We can make preventitive measures by funding military defence.
Modern Infantry
Ivar Holmquist, a senior member of our military staff, proposes we modernise our army by investing in the equipment of our forces and in the leadership of our generals.
Ski Infantry
A unique proposal has been made in the military. Our vast mountains and snowy lands have provided the perfect natural defence, and we can take advantage of this by training our infantry to ski and make great use of snow, both defensively and abroad.
Arméns Jägarskola
Our strategic positioning makes it highly probable that we will be fighting in mountainous terrain. With this in mind, it would be prudent to look into the equipping and training some of our divisions to be optimally prepared for the harsh alpine conditions.
Massed Artillery
Artillery is a beautiful thing, that can save the lives of countless soldiers by using it in lieu of precious manpower. We can continue to modernise artillery to keep us safe.
Ljungman AG-42
The Ljungman AG-42 is an incredibly deadly weapon we can use to improve the military. It is semi automatic and is quite powerful. Just be sure to watch your thumbs around it!
20th Century Caroleans
The Caroleans were elite soldiers of Kings Charles XI and XII. Their achievements during the Great Northern War are legendary, often winning battles when greatly outnumbered. Even today we can learn from their tactics!
Manoeuvre Warfare
[SWE_douglasfocutext] we convert the Swedish army into a mobile force capable of outmanoeuvring the enemy forces to swiftly neutralise our enemies
Our senior staff officer Archibald Douglas proposes
Former senior staff officer Archibald Douglas proposed
Armour Designs Development
Sweden is blessed with a modest but qualitatively superb domestic arms industry. By making use of newest designs we can secure ourselves an edge that the enemy does not have.
AB Landsverk
AB Landsverk is a Swedish producer of mechanised weapons of war settled in Landskrona. By subsidising them and ordering their vehicles we can put additional work into mechanising the Swedish armed forces.
Pansartrupperna
Tank warfare is the warfare of the future: their capacity to break through stalemates such as the western front of the Weltkrieg could in another universe have won the war for the Entente. It would be foolish not to partake in this development.
The 'Blixtkrig' Doctrine
'Blixtkrig' - Swedish for lightning war - is the doctrine of swiftly invading and pacifying potential threats to Sweden, before they have the capacity to strike back. If we can successfully put it into action, this doctrine could be revolutionary.
Integrated Support
Our forces may not be able to defeat the enemy without the presence and extensive support of the supporting brigades. We should integrate them into the divisions to increase their efficiency and to ensure they will not hold us up.
Study Recent Conflicts
Sweden should study recent conflicts to gain valuable military experience - old tactics and strategy are no longer applicable. Thankfully we can learn from the mistakes of others.
Modern Logistics
Best tanks and howitzers are useless without ammunition and fuel. Incorporating special logistics companies should keep our guns firing.
Armoured Personnel Carriers
Infantry support is vital for our tanks and artillery to operate, but enemy fire and machine guns are a death threat to our soldiers. Personnel carriers can protect them and increase their mobility.
Military Research
To win in modern combat, our army should use the latest technology advancements. Dedicating more resources and specialists to military research should be a priority.
Old Naval Construction
During the interwar we have been working on expanding the Swedish navy by starting the construction of new ships, however these projects stalled as it was considered of lesser importance. However with the world becoming increasingly unstable with the years, it might be worthwhile to finish these old projects to protect Sweden's shores.
Modern Naval Tactics
Sweden's naval tactics are woefully outdated. We should focus on the newest doctrinal advances in naval warfare lest we find ourselves outsmarted on all fronts by our foes.
Wolves of the Baltic
The Baltic Sea was once our would-be Mare Internum. Perhaps we can regain some of that dominance by investing in Submarine vessels capable of disrupting the sea's traffic.
The J-9 Fighter
Sweden's air force has a need for a new fighter plane that is up-to-date with the latest aerial technology; our current main fighter plane is already a few years old and we would not want to find ourselves behind on the latest advances.
Flygbassystem 40
Sweden is a stretched out country: if our air force is to be in time everywhere we should have bases all across the country to support and dispatch planes to defend our sovereign airspace.
Swedish Fighter Reserve
If we are to resist air raids we need to build up an extensive reserve of fighter planes to defend our skies. If it ends to be that we run out of them, we are merely sitting ducks by all accounts.
The Air Force Summit
Regrettably, we can not afford to maintain both a navy and an air force of world class. A definitive decision should be made which of the navy or air force will be made the main branch of Sweden's military along with the land army and which will be relegated to a side role in supporting the other.
Navy Supremacy
Regardless of where funding is prioritised, maintaining the navy is vital to national security. The Swedish navy has protected the nation for centuries and will continue to allow us to defend and in the future perhaps dominate our part of the Baltic Sea.
Baltic Battlecruisers
We should invest in 'Pansarskep' battlecruisers to secure our presence in the sea that surrounds our home. These larger ships will ensure we will remain a force to be reckoned with in the future.
Cruiser Escorts
If we are to materialise our naval ambitions, it will be key to have enough smaller cruisers to defend the larger ships in our naval arsenal. By investing in cruiser escorts, our crews on the larger ship need not fear disaster!
HSwMS Karl XII
By investing into the construction of a new battlecruiser sailing under the name of the legendary Carolus Rex, the near future of our naval presence will be more secure than ever.
[SWE.GetSWEprefixSW] Sjökrigsskolan
The [SWE.GetSWEprefixEN] Swedish Naval Academy is specifically focused on the training of lower officers. By investing in this institution, we will encourage the formation of a naval doctrine worthy of the times we live in.
Mode-Class Destroyers
The smallest of ships, Destroyers, hold a crucial role in defending their larger brethren, especially in the struggle against attacks by submarine vessels. We should invest in their development to ensure our own defence.
Air Force Supremacy
Only a few decades from the invention of powered flight, aircraft have turned the skies into one of the primary theatres of war. Irrespective of where funding is prioritised, Sweden must maintain an air force capable of defending its skies and projecting its power beyond them.
FFVS J-22
The FFVS J-22 is a single-engine fighter aircraft designed for the Swedish air force specifically, granting us edge should the war devolve into dogfights where others have to rely on inferior airplanes.
Svenska Aeroplan AB
Formed through the merger of Svenska Aero AB and the ASJA plane producer in Linköping, SAAB makes for a splendid and purely Swedish plane producer. Their plane designs could grant us a major boon in terms of air warfare.
[SWE.GetSWEprefixSW] Flygkrigshögskolan
The [SWE.GetSWEprefixEN] Swedish Air Force Staff College shall be established in Stockholm to provide higher courses in staff service or technical staff service, and additionally, it is planned that half-year general courses shall be provided in the future as well. This research is bound to give us an edge in aerial doctrine.
Fallskärmsjägarna
By training a specialised fighting force capable of being dropped behind enemy lines to secure information or wreak havoc, we can ensure ourselves a tactical edge against our enemy from a corner no one expected it to come from.
RADAR and Jets
RADAR and jet technology are the future of warfare in the air. With RADAR tools and the capacity to damage industrial areas from many hundreds of kilometres away, no one shall be able to challenge our air force ever again!
VPT
Vänsterpartiet Totalisterna (Totalist Left Party)
SAC
Sveriges Arbetares Centralorganisation (Swedish Workers' Central Organisation)
SSV
Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Vänsterparti (Social Democratic Left Party of Sweden)
SAP
Socialdemokratiska Arbetarepartiet (Social Democratic Workers' Party)
Bondeförbundet
Bondeförbundet (Farmer's League)
Folkpartiet
Folkpartiet (People's Party)
AV
Allmänna Valmansförbundet (General Electoral League)
Fosterländska Stiftelsen
Fosterländska Stiftelsen (Patriotic Friends of the Army)
AFV
Arméns Fosterlandsvänner (Army Patriots)
SRNS
Svea Rikes Nationella Samlingsparti (Swedish National Unity Party)
AV
Allmänna Valmansförbundet (General Electoral League)
Högern
Högerns Riksorganisation (National Organisation of the Right)
In the last decade, Sweden developed itself as a bastion of conservatism under the prosperous rule of prime minister Arvid Lindman, profiting from the fruits of the economic growth in Mitteleuropa during the late 1920s and early 1930s. However, clouds are gathering over Stockholm: in 1934, Arvid Lindman retired as prime minister and has been succeeded by the less charismatic Gösta Bagge, while the social democratic opposition is rallying around their popular party leader Per Albin Hansson. This year Bagge's first elections as prime minister will be held. Can he hold his ground? And if not, can Sweden's democracy survive this sudden reversal?
GFX_SWE_intro
Sweden in 1936
After the Germans stood victorious in the Weltkrieg, Sweden had to adjust to a new world order. As such, few considered it surprising when the Swedish government announced that Sweden would join the German organisation of Mitteleuropa. Benefitting heavily from this, Arvid Lindman and his conservatives managed to fend off the social democrat attempts to take over through electoral triumph, cementing Sweden on the map as the conservative bulwark of Scandinavia.\n\nThis may change however as Lindman retired two years ago. This year, the new leader Gösta Bagge, who also succeeded Lindman as prime minister, will lead his first elections. Will he too be able to fend off his nemesis on the opposition, Per Albin Hansson?
§MDemocracy§! - §MSAP§! / §MFolkpartiet§! / §MAV§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect the §SSAP§! or §cAV§! in the 1936 Riksdag Elections:\nIf you elect the §SSAP§! and form a coalition with the §RSSV§!, do NOT take the focus \
Black Monday Arrives in Sweden
Two weeks ago, the German stock market imploded and now the waves have come crashing to our shores as first the Stockholmsbörsen followed the fate that played out in Berlin and soon after the rest of the economy followed suit.\n\nSince the Weltkrieg, Sweden has become highly dependent on German trade, joining its organisation of Mitteleuropa together with Denmark. As such, our trade relations became increasingly one-sided, being aimed at countries in the tariff-free zone: Germany, Denmark and the German puppet states on the Baltic coast, at the cost of other trading partners such as Norway and Great Britain, with whom trading is subject to tariffs, or, in the latter case, even embargoes.
Herre min skapare!
Per Albin Hansson Criticises Our Crisis Response
Per Albin Hansson, leader of the Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Arbetareparti (SAP) and widely considered to be the foremost leader of the opposition, has sharply condemned the Bagge-cabinet's response to the ongoing economic upheaval, calling their faith in non-intervention dangerous and damaging to Sweden.\n\nHe once again has called out in favour of his own ‘Folkhemmet' programme that he claims will actually protect those that have lost their jobs to the crisis originating in Germany.
We are doing what we can!
Rising SSV Membership
Although the opposition is clearly led by the SAP, two smaller socialist parties are active as well: the Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Vänsterparti (SSV) which would identify as radical socialists who are strongly in favour of the cause of the so-called Third Internationale and the Vänsterpartiet Totalisterna (VPT), which partakes this year for the first time in the Swedish elections.\n\nEspecially the former party is seeing sharp increases in its membership over the years as the social democratic failure to dethrone the perpetual conservative government causes radicalisation amongst its ranks.
We can only welcome the left fracturing!
Arvid Lindman Supports the Bagge Cabinet
Long-time prime minister and former leader of the Allmänna Valmansförbundet (AV/General Electoral League) Arvid Lindman has publicly spoken out in favour of the government, declaring his utmost faith in Bagge and rallying voters to support the party he used to lead to the polls.\n\nLindman has ruled Sweden from 1906 to 1911 and then ruled continuously from 1924 until his retirement in 1934. Many consider his charismatic personality the foremost reason that the conservatives did not lose control to the social democrats like in Denmark. Many doubt whether Bagge will similarly be able to conserve General Electoral League dominance in Swedish politics, and many view the elections of 1936 - the first elections with Bagge as the conservative leader - as influential in determining this.
Thank you, old friend!
SAP Refuses to Rule out Cooperation with Radicals
Shocking news as Hansson refuses to rule out the formation of a coalition with the SSV if the outcome would be so that it would be the most democratic to do so.\n\nThe SSV's open desire to end the Swedish system as it is in favour of a socialist form of government like in France and Britain (though with Swedish characteristics as outlined in their party programme) causes the utmost concern amongst those in the right wing.
The SAP shows its true colours!
A Vote for the SAP Is a Vote for Paris!
As a result of the news that the social democrats are open to cooperation with outright radicals, the General Electoral League has started a propaganda war. They openly target SAP voters, claiming the SAP supports the Third Internationale and that any vote for them would directly correlate to a vote for the syndicalist regime in France.\n\nDespite a sharp SAP rebuke of this rhetoric, and while few actual SAP voters will be swayed by this, it does seem to have successfully played on the emotions of the liberal Folkpartiet voters to the League, who start to consider the SAP a very real danger to their fortunes. They start to see the AV as a much more capable faction to stand up against the SAP's wicked plans than the Folkpartiet.
Nothing personal, Andersson...
Debate over the Military Expenses
As the election approaches, and Gösta Bagge and his minister have to consider the very real possibility of a potential defeat, the government has scheduled a debate to approve at least the Swedish budget of 1936 with the current Riksdag. The Bagge cabinet seeks to maintain the heavy investments in the military to which the social democratic opposition is heavily opposed, claiming that there is no direct threat to Sweden at this time and that the money would be better spent elsewhere to make the lives of Swedes better. The conservatives try to counter to this by arguing that the global tensions are rising and that worrisome events in Norway and Finland could directly threaten Sweden in the future. The government holds a majority in the Riksdag so the budget will definitely pass, but the prevailing argument could bring the party that brings it up closer to electoral victory in the coming elections.\n\nExperts agree that...
... the opposition completely trashed the budget proposal.
... the conservatives capably defended their budget for the year.
... the Folkpartiet saved Bagge from a disgrace.
1936 Swedish Riksdag Elections
The election campaign of 1936 has been dominated by underhanded tactics, stirred up emotions and thinly veiled threats. At this point, the only certainty is that whoever will stand victorious after this election will need to cooperate with others to secure a majority. If the Social Democrats stand to be victorious and they would follow through with their threat to cooperate with the SSV, serious trouble is to be expected. If the conservatives win instead, Bagge will secure his position as the carrier of Lindman's legacy, but doubt will undoubtedly be sowed about the legitimacy of this election by disgruntled socialists.
The SAP triumphs!
The AV remains on top!
Cabinet Hansson I
For the second time in history, the first time being in 1919, the Swedish social democrats, united in their SAP party have secured a clear electoral victory over our rivals, especially the General Electoral League of Gösta Bagge.\n\n
$sweden_events.9.d.start$We do not possess an absolute majority, however, $sweden_events.9.d.finish$
$sweden_events.9.d.start$Despite our widespread support among the population, we have achieved not a parliamentary majority, $sweden_events.9.d.finish$
and will need to form an alliance with one of the other parties in the Riksdag. During the campaign already, we left the door open to work together with the radically socialist SSV, which will likely be the most straightforward path to achieving socialism by democratic means, but it would be a major upset and is likely to bring the Swedish right up in arms. Alternatively, we could form an alliance with the agrarian Bondeförbundet: this would likely require compromise on our vision, but it wouldn't nearly polarise Swedish politics as much.\n\nWhichever option we choose, Lindman's conservative era seems finally behind us and a new Sweden shall rise from it!
We will work towards socialism with the SSV!
We shall partner with the Bondeförbundet!
Cabinet Bagge II
Many thought Gösta Bagge incapable of maintaining the legacy of his predecessor Arvid Lindman, but they were proven wrong: once more, the General Electoral League triumphed at the polls, trumping the social democratic SAP.\n\nDespite our glorious but successful defence of our plurality, we have not been able to secure an outright majority and thus the Riksdag is hung. If we are to form a government we shall have to cooperate with one of the other parties: either we could continue the Bagge I cabinet by continuing our cooperation with the liberal Folkpartiet with whom we can find strong agreement on economic matters, or we could agree to form a coalition with the agrarian Bondeförbundet, which might be a better match on the social aspect of governance.
An Agrarian-Conservative government looms!
We shall continue with the Folkpartiet!
The Abolition of the Monarchy
One of the conditions of the SSV was that the monarchy be abolished. According to them, this ancient institution was a mere tool of the reactionaries to hold Sweden back from advancing to socialism. The SAP was mostly indifferent to this standpoint and its outright republican wing was small, but eventually the desire to rule with fellow socialists won out.\n\nSince the instruments of government, which serves as the Swedish constitution, can be amended by a simple majority in the Riksdag, now commanded by the SAP-SSV coalition, this was easily enacted, despite unanimous opposition and the harsh condemnation by the Gösta Bagge and his General Electoral League, now an opposition party.
I hope this will be worth the trouble...
A Cold Morning in [GetMonth]...
It was still early in the morning when suddenly a group of men knocked violently on the door of Per Albin Hansson's house at Ålstensgatan 40. When the door opened, a coarse military voice spoke up: 'Per Albin Hansson, by orders of the new government you are under arrest for treason!'\n\nAll over the city of Stockholm, brigades of soldiers have occupied strategic spots and government buildings: from the many bridges of the city, to the Riksdaghuset, the Swedish parliament, uniformed Swedish soldiers are present. Just after dawn, army general Oscar Nygren read a statement on the national radio, declaring the 'treasonous crypto-syndicalist government with the intent of destroying Sweden's legacy forever' of Hansson neutralised and that a temporary junta directed by an organisation called the 'Arméns Fosterlandsvänner' will soon restore the old order 'from before the fraudulent elections of this year'. He cited several misdeeds that prompted the military to intervene like this, but it becomes increasingly clear that it was the sudden abolishment of the monarchy that convinced the last conservative military leaders that Hansson does not only seek to put them out of a job by reducing spending on the military, but that he also seeks to make Sweden a puppet of Paris.
Sweden shall be cleansed of crypto-syndicalism!
Worker's Militias Form!
A year ago, he would have been ignored and swiftly arrested by a government, but today, Anton Nilson and his several companions' message would be heard. Armed with weapons, this group of socialists seized a broadcasting station of Radiotjänst in the city of Malmö, to send out a message of resistance against the reactionary menace that is attacking the government and undoing the steps that are to be set.\n\nIt worked, despite the militant socialist voice behind it, Swedes from across the country formed militias: from liberals to social democrats to hardcore syndicalists, this violation of the democratic process would not be accepted gladly. Before long, worker's militias in Stockholm, filled with labourers with a brave desire to save their country from military tyranny! Soon the sides stood eye to eye at the first strategic points. The mob was scantly armed, and what happened next would change Sweden forever:
Machine guns were whipped out and the street was cleared in minutes!
The soldiers, common men themselves, joined them against their rogue superiors!
Successful Coup d'Etat
The rest of the day was a blur characterised by scant information; more worker's militias rose, but the soldiers carrying out the coup remained dedicated and lacking arms, they were quickly mowed down by machine gun fire if they refused to disperse. As the sun began setting, Stockholm and most other major cities had fallen to military control. Malmö, the breeding nest of the loyalist resistance and home of the revolutionary radio message, had surrendered to government forces by dawn the next morning.\n\nIn Stockholm, Oscar Nygren as head of the junta officially appointed his cabinet among those backing his coup. With the Arméns Fosterlandsvänner divided into three competing factions, deciding which officer shall be the new prime minister will be key in determining the next steps that are to be taken.
Carl August Ehrensvärd of the reformist faction!
Helge Jung, the balanced candidate!
Axel Gyllenkrok of the extremist faction!
Failed Coup d'Etat
The rest of the day was a blur characterised by scant information; more and more militias rose, and more and more soldiers defected to the worker's cause, leaving their rogue companies outgunned. This naturally culminated in a frenzied charge on the riksdaghuset in the late afternoon, which was occupied by the most loyal putschists, and by the end of the day, the militias controlled all major cities in Sweden.\n\nAs the dust began to settle, two things became clear: first, the social democratic government had completely incinerated during the coup. This became especially clear when a Totalist-aligned militia found the corpse of Per Albin Hansson, murdered by the military, they clarified. He was immediately declared a martyr of the Swedish revolution. Secondly, a syndicalist republic based on the models of Britain and France has been born. While it was true that many militiamen had been liberals and social democrats, the death of Hansson convinced many of them that a firmer hand was needed, and those dissenting that policy fell prey to the first Totalist tactics in hunting the reactionaries, with the silent acceptance of the other socialists.\n\nMost members of the Royal Family fled abroad to seek asylum. Meanwhile, numerous leaders of the attempted coup, including General Oscar Nygren and the majority of his staff, retreated to rural areas. From there, they initiated a prolonged resistance war against the newly established regime.
A new Sweden has been born today!
Totalist Reign of Terror
The dust had been settling after the failed attempt of the forces of reaction to chain the people in the fields in the following week. Still, the early days of the socialist republic were tumultuous and bloody. The totalist paramilitary organisations that had been making moderates disappear in the late stages of the violence, shifted their scope from crypto-reactionaries, skilfully posing as loyal comrades to subvert the worker's momentum, to the open reactionaries that had been ruling Sweden for decades, years, centuries and that had never been pretending otherwise than to control the working class. In the other factions, voices started to arise to put a stop to these practices, often executed with vicious tactics, although it was clear that in the anarchist atmosphere following the establishment of the worker's state, not everyone could be saved.
Let them have their fun, it can only safeguard the revolution!
Restrain them for as much as we can, we are not barbarians!
Swedish Refugees
Sweden has fallen prey to the socialist scourge that has been encroaching on Europe for a while. Following the successful establishment of a socialist state the place for capitalists, politicians, priests and other men of the old regime has disintegrated while radical agitators harass suspected traitors of the new order. As such many Swedes now seek refuge in [Root.GetNameDef]. Several groups have already arrived at our border, and we must decide: should we accept them?
Welcome to [Root.GetNameDef]!
Our economy cannot handle this.
Militant Socialists
The motorcarriage belonging to General Oscar Nygren is travelling in the countryside of Stockholm when it comes to a sudden halt. The road has been blocked by a fallen tree, and the driver explains to the General that they will have to make a slight detour on an isolated dirt road.
Very well.
Militant Socialists
After less than half a league on the small path, the motorcarriage gets stuck in the mud and was ambushed by militant socialists! They send the driver on his way, explaining that their interest lies with General Oscar Nygren. General Nygren try to call for his guards, but they merely laugh at this - his guards too want his blood.
They're not socialists!
Gyllenkrok Declares Himself Riksledare
Following the unfortunate discovery of the death of our dear leader Oscar Nygren at the hands of militant socialists, Axel Gyllenkrok has taken over his status as head of the junta. Gyllenkrok immediately merged the post with his post of prime minister he already held under the name of 'Riksledare' and declared over national radio that 'considering the apparent strength of the socialist menace, the restoration of the old government would henceforth be suspended for an undefined time and that the military regime would stay in control for the foreseeable future.
The socialists are vicious, but our Riksledare is strong!
Military Tribunals
After order was swiftly restored, the first military tribunals were formed. While a large part of the judges in the normal judicial system had been appointed by conservative ministers of justice, the junta was wary that those given a permanent mandate by the social democratic ministers of justice in the early 1920s would deliver their fair share of embarrassing acquittals to traitors, some of whom were affiliated with said party.\n\nTo prevent this from happening, this new instance will convict everyone the military needs out of the way regarding the coup, from socialists who had been resisting the coup in the streets to those that were part of the Hansson government.
First trial...
Hansson v. Sweden
The first man to be brought before the tribunals was now-former prime minister Per Albin Hansson. This traitor had been seeking to subvert Sweden and misused the trust of the people to take their freedom away by establishing a syndicalist tyranny. Luckily his wicked plans have been disrupted by the brave and selfless actions of the military. Unluckily for Hansson, the prosecutor is part of Gyllenkrok's faction and not forgiving: he demands the death penalty for this syndicalist, but according to Swedish law the death penalty may only be imposed in times of war. As such, the main argument between prosecution and Hansson's defence is whether the coup could identify as times of war, which would decide whether Hansson could be executed or would merely be imprisoned for life for his crimes. After that, the tribunal brings in the verdict which likely sets the tone for the other trials to come...
... that Hansson be imprisoned for life.
... that Hansson be executed.
Restoration of the Monarchy?
The original intentions of the military men who seized control of the apparatus of state was to restore the government as it was before that faithful day of 20 September 1936, with perhaps a few extra safeguards to make sure that these tragic syndicalist infiltrations would never happen again. As such, it would be necessary to prevent the social democrats from partaking in future elections and the king, who has been painfully passive in the whole crisis, will not be brought back. Instead we shall put the grandson of the king on the throne, the duke of Västerbotten, who is known to harbour strong anti-syndicalist opinions, is an officer and who will therefore keep the nation safe.\n\nHowever, some in the military government instead consider that bringing back the monarchy and civilian government will only endanger their interests, and they would rather announce an extension of the military control of the country.
Announce the imminent restoration of 'democracy'.
Extend the suspension of the instruments of state!
Gustaf VI Adolf Swears the Royal Oath
As per the junta's promise, the monarchy has been restored today. In a grand ceremony, prince Gustaf Adolf, grandson of former king Gustaf V, has sworn the royal oath and has officially become Sweden's king as is his birthright, shortly after the law in restoring the monarchy entered into power after being affirmed by the Riksdag.
Long live the king!
The king Appoints the New Government
After the Swedish crown landed solidly on the new king's head, the transition from junta back to democracy swiftly continued. Shortly after his oath, the junta announced their resignation and a civilian government was to be established once more: with the SAP forced underground and their seats vacant, the General Electoral League enjoyed a comfortable majority among the remaining seats in the Riksdag, and thus the king asked Gösta Bagge to form a government once more. One of the last acts of the junta was entrenching the royal reserve powers that got shafted after the crisis, but it remains to be seen whether the new king will actually use them.
Hurrah!
The Establishment of the Ehrensvärd Cabinet
The reality was that Oscar Nygren was just a mediocre authoritative figure. Slowly, control of the factionalised junta was slipping away and taking advantage of this, general Carl August Ehrensvärd was there to help in governing the country. More and more responsibilities of Nygren were shifted to Ehrensvärd and his supporters, to the point where Nygren was little more than a puppet of the clique of Ehrensvärd. His retirement in favour of Ehrensvärd was a matter of time by then. Being much more talented for rulership, Ehrensvärd immediately shuffled the cabinet to be filled with loyalists, and thus the moderate arm of the AFV would be in control for the foreseeable future.
A natural process.
The Jung Junta
Oscar Nygren isn't the most authoritative figure and scheming in his factionalised junta was the order of the day. As a result, Nygren's control was slipping away and general Helge Jung, who was present when the plans for the coup formed and the one to nominate Nygren as a weak candidate all three factions could rally behind. Needless to say, as Nygren, in part because of the tiresome scheming in his government, let it be known he intended to resign from his post, it was Jung who had gathered the support needed to take over in his wake, and quickly filled the brief power vacuum caused by it. Soon, those opposing Jung found themselves replaced by the fresh ruler and the ruling junta became synonymous with the so-called 'Jung junta'.
Helge Jung is the true saviour we deserve!
The Formation of the Gyllenkrok Regime
Oscar Nygren was perhaps not that skilled in ruling, and he realised himself this. Few would fail to notice the slow expansion of the Gyllenkrok clique within the junta, but Nygren indeed did not. Or at the very least, he must have underestimated the threat they posed, because it still came as a surprise when pro-Gyllenkrok soldiers entered his office, pressed a proposal for a law into his hands with the message to pass it: the junta would be finished, and the Riksdag would be extended with the seats which had been left vacant after the coup by the SSV and SAP. All these seats would be transferred to a new party called the 'Svea Rike Nationella Samlingsparti', led by Gyllenkrok. Once the formalities were over, the Riksdag affirmed with a law to amend the instruments of government the office of Riksledare which would be capable of overruling the Riksdag by decree and granted the office to Axel Gyllenkrok, giving him unlimited power within Sweden.
A civil government is back... But it is... Different...
The Dissolution of the Landsorganisationen
It was no secret that the trade unions of Sweden, unified in the so-called Landsorganisationen, as well as those unified in the Central Worker's Organisation of Sweden (SAC), supported the old treacherous government. In the aftermath of the coup, many of these trade unions tried to organise strikes against the new government, with limited success. After some time, the junta did what was necessary and dissolved all trade unions.
Good riddance
The Reestablishment of Trade Unions
The ideologues of the SRNS considered it vital to reestablish worker's interest organisations for the nation to regain the working class' support. Several factions have arrived at the office of the Riksledare: the first one supports the establishment of a Guild System that is unique to Sweden. This would make all labourers members of guilds that will be established for their craft that can be freely joined if one switches careers or starts at the labour market. Companies will be banned from contracting people who are not part of a guild and the guild will represent its members in labour negotiations.\n\nThe second proposal is to allow the trade unions to organise again, albeit under strict government control.\n\nLastly, some argue that trade unions in whatever form or terminology are harmful to Swedish society and should remain banned as it is.
The Guild system faction prevails.
Trade Unions are reestablished under strict government control.
Trade Unions remain banned.
The Guild System
A year into the new 'Guild' system, we can conclude that it is rather successful. Even though critical eyes conclude that is just yet another way of the SRNS to control society, after all the implementation of 'Gilleledares' - Guild Leaders loyal to the regime - means that it allows the regime to exclude dissidents from society by excluding them from their craftsmanship and even the labour market as a whole, the reality that suddenly all Swedish worker's are represented in labour negotiations has made barbarous practices like Statare untenable and the regime, previously considered one belonging to the rich, much more popular among the lower classes of Sweden.
Rich and poor Swedes stand together in the quest for the greater!
The State of the Trade Unions
Half a year after trade unions were, under significant government surveillance, allowed to function again, the results have sadly been disappointing. Instead of taking their new allegiance seriously, we immediately saw a revival of syndicalism in its ranks and the government was soon forced to act. Troublemakers were soon evicted from the trade unions and government control took the momentum once again, but as a result few workers consider the trade unions as they are a legitimate body defending their interests. To many, they are just organisations under the thumb of the bourgeois government and the very bosses they are supposed to oppose.
Cut our losses, ban them again.
Make membership mandatory to force participation!
The Trade Unions
After the government decreed that everyone partake in the unions, they were suddenly packed with uninterested workers who reluctantly attended the union meetings. The legitimacy remained low, but with a lot of government pushing participation started to rise and after some time, some concessions convinced some more workers that there was merit in this system. As a result the controlled union system has become somewhat of a self-sustaining organism but it is probably still not what the Riksledare and the ideologues intended it to be.
Tell the press it's a great success!
A Riksledare and an Archbishop
The SRNS recognised the moral authority held over the Swedish people by the church of Sweden. In fact, gaining the support of this body was one reason the small Swedish Jewish community had seen protection by the Riksledare from the less racially inclusive elements in his cabinet, as the archbishop was known to oppose antisemitism. Because of these reasons, it was no surprise that Axel Gyllenkrok and the archbishop of Uppsala, Erling Eidem met regularly. Gyllenkrok was willing to pass substantial laws favouring the church of Sweden, for instance to restore the legislation that rendered it illegal to leave the church as well as cracking down on sinful activities. In return however, the church would have to actively remove progressive anti-government clergy and openly support the Riksledare. Based on his conversation with the Riksledare, Erling called a synod to discuss the issue.
Let the synod run its course...
Help the decision-making by visiting anti-government clergy.
The Synod of Uppsala
The synod of the church of Sweden has concluded and the priests have agreed that no earthly government the likes of that of the SRNS can have unequivocal support, and that in this light the democracy that existed before suffered from a lesser moral deficit. In addition, they agreed one can't bargain for God's support with legislation in support of His values. People need to open their hearts for it themselves after all. The clear outcome of the synod is a rejection of the SRNS doctrine.\n\nThe Riksledare ignited in outrage by the news and by the end of the day the Church of Sweden was no longer the state church, nor could many priests of the organisation, including Archbishop Erling, enjoy their freedom anymore.
B-but wroth is a sin?
The Synod of Uppsala
Strangely, many progressive clergymen did not arrive at the synod or suddenly changed their minds on the matter. However, the synod went ahead as planned: The clergymen that were actually present agreed that the execution of God's will was worth some concessions and that SRNS government was already carrying out God's will by persecuting heathenly syndicalists and protecting Sweden from this scourge.\n\nThe Riksledare was delighted by the news and from that point on the church of Sweden became an integral if at times somewhat reluctant part of the SRNS propaganda machine, with a topdown enforcement of orthodox government support and heavy government support for the church in return.
We shall hold our end of the bargain too!
Transition to a Civil Government
As time passed on, the military form of government became increasingly tenuous to maintain. It was therefore no surprise that at some point, the Riksledare declared all seats in the Riksdag to be part of his own party the 'Svea Rikes Nationella Samlingsparti'. Once this was done, power was transferred to the Riksdag, which immediately moved to permanently affirm Gyllenkrok's status as Riksledare in a law that allowed the holder of said office to bypass the Riksdag itself in the Swedish instruments of government. At this point, the Riksledare possessed almost unlimited power and Sweden as it was known before the coup would be forever gone.
It's different but still the same.
The New Instruments of Government
The Riksdag has passed a new set of instruments of government which serves as the Swedish constitution. The new document explicitly excludes parties subscribing to Marxist or syndicalist thought, and entrenches the right of the Swedish monarch to exercise its reserve powers, as well as other minor amendments that heavily favour the conservative government.
Hurrah!
Sweden Wants to Join the Internationale
The Swedish revolutionary government has petitioned us with their desire to join the struggle for the world revolution. Shall we crush the bourgeoisie together with the Swedish worker?
Definitely!
We shall never stand in battle with those sockpuppets!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts!
We have received word from the [FROM.GetAdjective] government that we are welcome in the struggle against the forces of reaction and the dark forces of financial capitalism. Together we shall crush the bourgeoisie!
Hurrah!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Rejects Us!
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has let us know that we are not welcome on the battlefield against the forces of reaction. Apparently they consider us just another front that will not be held.
Curse those snail-eaters!
A Statue for a True Revolutionary
While Per Albin Hansson was not without his faults - he was very strongly in favour of the rather hopeless strategy of working within the bourgeois government to amend it - the man has shown himself to be a true hero of the revolution. After all, it was clear that he was most definitely intending to bring about the establishment of this republic as evidenced by the abdication of the king he pushed. Sadly, this great hero of the revolution perished at the hands of the military at the opening stages of a coup. If it wasn't for the heroic actions of a VPT militia, we may never have been able to find back his body.\n\nOf course, such a glorious revolutionary needs to be remembered, and for that reason we have commissioned a large statue in the city where Hansson grew up: Malmö.
A great statue for a great revolutionary!
First Day of the Revolution
Exactly one year ago, the vicious capitalist tyranny was washed away with the blood of the proletariat. Since it is important for Sweden's people to remember that Sweden's freedom does not come free, we have decided to declare the day of the revolution a national holiday. On this day, all workers will have a day off and the state will organise activities for the next generation while the adults have a chance to socialise!
This will become a yearly event!
Day of the Revolution
Once more, it is the birthday of the revolution. The state has commissioned activities for the children of Sweden in honour of the revolution while the adults, who are let off work, use their free day with the children gone to socialise!
Leve vår Revolution!
Norway in the Internationale
Many within the government considered the neutrality that has been de-facto maintained by Sweden since 1815 holy. However, Norway has fallen to the syndicalist menace, and, not only that: they joined the Third Internationale of the French Commune and the Union of Britain. In addition, aggressive rhetoric towards 'the liberation of the evil capitalist tyranny of Sweden' is almost a daily occurrence among some in the rogue state that has spawned in the place of our western neighbour.\n\nWith these threats and keeping in mind that their formal ascension to the Third Internationale alliance may mean that the Norwegians will let loose their Anglo-French attack dogs on us, many consider it wise to abandon our neutrality, dear to us it may be, as the syndicalists won't have problems violating it and it would make us only vulnerable to attack, in favour of an alliance with the Germans, our avid trade partners and known rival to the Third Internationale.
We should join the Reichspakt!
Our Neutrality will hold, even in face of these new challenges!
Sweden Petitions to Join the Reichspakt
With heavy concerns, Sweden has been watching as their Norwegian neighbour collapsed to Syndicalism and started openly affiliating with the regimes in Paris and London. While the Swedish government values Sweden's tradition of neutrality, this was too great a threat to ignore and now they petition to stand with us as a combined vanguard against the red menace. And with their steel reserves at our disposal.
The government of Sweden has been eyeing the recent developments in Europe with concern. While the Swedish nation has long prided itself on a tradition of neutrality, the growing threat of revolutionary socialists and the resurgent Russian state have ultimately pushed Stockholm to reconsider its isolationist stance. In a bid to secure its future, Sweden has petitioned to enter the Reichspakt - bringing their steel reserves with them.
Welcome to the fight, Swedish Brethren!
They would be a mere burden to protect.
Germany Accepted Our Proposal
We have received word from our embassy in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] that the imperial governments has approved of our petition to join their alliance as a vanguard against syndicalism!
We stand together against anarchy!
Germany Rejects Us
The imperial government sees nothing in our proposal to stand together in alliance. It seems that we are on our own.
Neutrality it is, after all...
The General Electoral League Changes Its Name
Since their defeat in 1936, the fate of the conservative General Electoral League has been one of misfortune. The party has been seeing much of its support defecting to the Social Democrats of Hansson, and those who supported the League in opposition to the Social Democrats are going back to the Folkpartiet if the polls are to be believed.\n\nIn an attempt to rebrand the party that is now the bastion of right-wing opposition and to reverse its fortunes once more, party leadership has elected to change the partyname into the National Organisation of the Right (Högerns Riksorganisation). Whether this tactic will be successful in attracting more voters once again, remains to be seen.
Interesting...
The King Intends to Send a Letter
His royal majesty has let us know his intention to send a letter to the German Kaiser. It seems he wants to thank the Germans for taking care of the syndicalist pest that is haunting Europe. Such a letter could potentially become embarrassing and damage our neutrality, so some in the government would like us to stop his majesty from sending this letter.
Strengthening our bonds with others can never hurt!
We can't jeopardise our neutrality like this, forbid it!
A Letter from the King of Sweden
We have received a letter from King Gustaf V of Sweden. He thanks us for taking care of the syndicalist pest in France and congratulates us with the victories achieved so far. A most kind gesture from the Swedes to express their support for our cause like this.
Instruct our ambassador to thank them for this!
A nice gesture indeed!
German Thanks!
The German ambassador has passed on his nation's thanks to one of our cabinet's ministers for the kind letter from our king supporting their cause against the syndicalists. They say it was a most kind gesture and that they consider us too to be good friends.
It was nice wasn't it? His majesty's own idea even!
But we forb... No matter, splendid!
Folkpartiet Rises in the Polls
For a while, it seemed like disenfranchising the social democrats had made conservative control over Sweden unopposed. It seems however, that in their absence, the liberal Folkpartiet has risen to prominence, with much of the old social democratic support base now putting their weight behind them, knowing that while they do not espouse the same economic ideals as them, they do support bringing the SAP back into the legality and restoring freedom like it used to be before the conservatives made their control virtually impenetrable using the law.
A new challenger arises...
The Folkpartiet Controls the Opposition
For an extended amount of time, the conservatives have been the most influential party in Sweden, but this seems to be over. First they lost the government to the social democrats, and as they continued to fail to decisively recapture it, their performance at the polls has been declining. Last elections it has finally happened: with the conservatives once again winning the least amount of seats since the establishment of the modern Riksdag, they have lost their standing as the second-largest party and dropped to the third place in favour of the liberals, who will now take over the leadership over the Swedish opposition.
A dark day for Swedish conservatism.
[GetYear] Swedish General Elections
The campaigning season has run its course again and the Swedish people have gone to the polls to elect the government they consider to be the best for Sweden. All that is left is for the ballots to be counted before we can declare the winner...
The Social Democrats triumph!
The Conservatives stand victorious!
The Liberals will rule!
Social Democratic Government Formation
Once again, the social democrats have been victorious in the elections, and it is their right to form a Swedish government. The press eagerly wonders what kind of government will rule Sweden the coming years...
A unity cabinet of all centrist parties.
An agrarian-social democratic coalition.
A one-party cabinet leveraging the acquired majority.
Conservative Government Formation
The elections have been a clear victory for the conservatives, and as such it is only right that we will be the ones to form the Swedish government. The press is eagerly awaiting an announcement from the party as it will be instrumental in determining what kind of government will rule Sweden in the coming years.
We shall rule with the agrarians!
The liberal Folkpartiet is our natural ally!
Liberal Government Formation
The liberals have decisively won the Riksdag in the elections, and as such it falls to the Folkpartiet to form the Swedish government. Many wonder what kind of government the liberals will cook up, and the press is eagerly awaiting the announcement.
A true liberal coalition with the Bondeförbundet.
A coalition with the conservatives, but under liberal leadership!
Constitutional Amendments
Many within both the liberal and agrarian parties had been agitated when the conservatives changed the instruments of government to disenfranchise a large part of the nation. Now that the Folkpartiet rules Sweden - ironically arguably due to the forceful exclusion of the social democrats - it is therefore no surprise that they roll back these changes. In addition, they have entrenched the instruments, so that henceforth a two-third majority will be required to amend the instruments.
Democratic integrity has been restored!
Sweden Implements Tariffs
The Swedes have implemented tariffs against us, despite the fact that they are part of the Mitteleuropa Free-Trade Zone and thus in principle banned from implementing such measures. Many economists feel we should retaliate against this measure, lest the integrity of Mitteleuropa be harmed and other members get ideas!
We shall retaliate!
We have bigger fish to fry right now!
Germany Retaliates!
The Germans have not taken lightly to our attempt to bend the rules in our favour: they have instituted their own sanctions against us and due to their economic weight, this hurts our companies - mainly specialised in raw resources - a lot more than our sanctions hit them. New lay-offs are being announced as Swedish companies now need to pay tariffs to reach the German and Danish markets.
Blast!
The Crisis Situation Improves
The unemployment level has fallen below 24%. As a result, the Swedish economy is starting to show its first signs of recovery as more people work and they start spending their salaries again. Although the worst is over, we remain far from pre-crisis levels.
It's a start!
The Crisis Situation Improves Further
The unemployment level has now fallen below 20%. With more and more people starting to find work again, the Swedish economy is recovering at an ever-increasing rate. Despite this, the effects of the crisis can still be felt clearly and full recovery will still require a fair amount of effort.
Prosperity shall return with time!
The Crisis Situation Improves Even More
The unemployment level has now fallen below 16%. Many people who were previously stuck at home are finding jobs again and the situation looks a lot better already compared to earlier. While the effects of the crisis can still be felt, a full recovery seems closer than ever!
Sweden will survive this!
The Crisis Is Over!
With the unemployment level at or below 12%, the Swedish economy is running once more at the speed it once used to before the disturbing events of Black Monday. We successfully resolved the economic downturn!
Hurrah!
The Crisis Commission Reports!
The Crisis Commission that was set up in the 1936 Crisis Act has delivered the reports of last year's balance. They have been left on your desk.
Ah, splendid! I will have a look!
Sovereign Debt Crisis
Terrible! It was known that the commission had been unorthodox with the usage of loans, but no one had expected that it would be this bad! The enormous debt the commission has incurred in their attempts to counter Black Monday's effects can't be accounted for with the rest of the Swedish budget and we are forced to declare that our debts can't be repaid, bankruptcy in effect! Domestic and foreign investors alike will lose their money and surely not be happy!
Oh no!
Sovereign Debt Crisis in Sweden
Sweden had long been considered a safe haven for investments, but not quite so anymore: this morning they have officially declared bankruptcy, apparently as a result of Black Monday: they are no longer capable of fulfilling their debts. Many [Root.GetAdjective] investors who invested in Swedish bonds have now lost their money.
Blast!
Unemployment Decreases
As a result of our policy of devaluing the Swedish Krona, it has become quite cheap to buy the raw resources we export. As a result, our exports skyrocketed and this is having a positive effect on our domestic employment!
Hurrah!
Hyperinflation
Our decision to keep devaluing the Swedish Krona after it started to have an effect on our economy may have been a mistake. The inflation now started snowballing and everything is showing that the domestic price level will double twice this year. As everyone's monetary possessions are melting away before the sun, we have basically no choice but to abandon our sovereign currency and start again with a new one.
The Krona is dead! Long live the Krona!
The Death of King Gustaf
The Death of Gustaf V
The Death of Gustaf Bernadotte
Our dearest sovereign, king Gustaf V of Sweden, has died today in the Stockholm palace as a result of flu complications. A century ago, the crown prince, Gustaf VI Adolf, would be crowned king of Sweden; like his father however, his majesty has opted not to be crowned and instead to take only the Konungaförsäkran - the regal assurance.
The former royal sovereign of Sweden, Gustaf Bernadotte, has passed away in the estate the Bernadotte family bought some 40 kilometres outside Stockholm after the loss of the Swedish throne. His Majesty king Gustaf VI Adolf, who had been restored to the throne after his grandfather lost it, has personally assured that he will be buried along with the other former kings of Sweden since Gustavus Adolphus in the Riddarholmskyrkan.
The former royal sovereign of Sweden, Gustaf Bernadotte, has passed away in the estate Bernadotte bought some 40 kilometres outside Stockholm after the loss of the Swedish throne. Still hoping for a restoration, his son Gustaf Adolf Bernadotte has taken over as the pretender to the Swedish throne.
The nefarious symbol of reaction, Gustaf Bernadotte, who acted as the figurehead for his German reactionary-capitalist puppetmasters' exploitation of Sweden for almost 30 years, has died in exile, while still hoping to some day mend the chains that once shackled the people of Sweden. His son has taken over the mantle as pretender for the 'Swedish throne' and as figurehead for the Swedish exiles.
The king is dead, long live the king!
Rest in peace...
The Propagandaspeakers
The communal government of the capital - probably with encouragement of certain elements in our cabinet - has approved a motion to install loudspeakers with music and state propaganda in all public buildings encouraging the workers to do their part for the Swedish Revolution as well as advocating ideological purity. Many think this would be a great testing environment to see the effectiveness of such a doctrine of total propaganda, but some fear that the effects will be limited and that the enthusiastic approach of the communal government will only be counterproductive.
Who would we be to meddle with the local government?
Tell them to cancel it, this won't work!
Mediocre Effect of the Propagandaspeakers
The extensive use of propagandaspeakers we let the communal government implement has had a mediocre effect it seems: while indeed the membership of totalist unions has increased marginally more than in the rest of the country, there have been several complaints that the loud noise of the loudspeakers keeps them out of their concentration (at work) or sleep (at night). Several loudspeakers have even been damaged and required replacement. It seems the experiment is moderately unsuccessful.
Extend the usage to all of Sweden!
Have the experiment be abandoned!
The Fate of the Press
Following the establishment of the worker's state, an imminent problem was the press: most newspapers and as well as the national radio service remained active in the aftermath of the Swedish revolution and some of them even had the gall to criticise the new order.\n\nWhile all factions among the revolutionaries agreed that blatantly bourgeois propaganda stations like the capitalist Svenska Dagbladet can obviously not remain active as it is, they all proposed a different approach. The Flyggists of the VPT proposed their plan of 'Likriktning': all media in Sweden ought to be put under strict government surveillance to ensure the revolution remains well-protected from reactionary lies. The syndicalists of the SAC had a different proposition: all media should be reorganised in a single newswriters union under the general Swedish Landsorganisationen, which will ensure the content will be objective and not spread falsehoods to the detriment of the socialist order. Finally, the radical socialists of the SSV propose cautiousness; while they agree that obviously reactionary news media should be dissolved, they want us to leave the rest of the media alone.
Likriktning: protect the revolution!
Reorganisation: seize the means of information!
Cautiousness: save the freedom of press!
The Establishment of the Stasä
Many non-totalist socialists were rather dissatisfied with the actions of the VPT's paramilitary organisations against reactionaries. By their accounts, the hunt has cost the lives of many who could not even be considered a threat to the revolutionary order, and made it a lot harder to convince Swedes that did not yet subscribe to the revolution that this was really the best way forward.\n\nAs a result of this, they proposed to establish a new agency that would receive the sole authority to protect Sweden from counterrevolutionary activity and with official government support. Somewhat to their surprise, the totalists jumped right on this idea and propose far-reaching powers for this new 'Sekretariatet för Statssäkerhet' - it seems like they are hoping to gain control over it.
Let the hunt restart with new resources!
Institute proper checks and balances.
Socialisation of the Economy in Practice
With the decree from congress clear, the wealth that we took from domestic and foreign capitalist pigs around the Swedish nation is ready to be returned to the Swedish people with interest. Henceforth, the average Swede shall enjoy the prosperity it deserves without being a serf to plutocratic interests!
Establish a strong union-based economy!
Establish a single union to represent the working class!
Establish an autonomous commune-based economy!
The Centralisation of Power
After having been installed into power by the worker's mandate, the Totalisterna and now their general secretary immediately went to work. Some of the first actions of Nils Flyg as the general secretary was to relieve those senior officials that were hostile to the totalist thought and the doctrine of total commitments to the revolution from their duty and replacing them with loyal members of the movement.
You don't belong there if you aren't totally committed!
Pacifying the Unions
It didn't take long until the apparatus of state had been cleansed of anti-totalism. With the different positions around the government under totalist control, the main political threat to continued unity of Sweden were the unions, that could technically enforce a congress to force a change of government. To prevent crypto-reactionary revisionism from taking root again, the General Secretary announced that union leaders were to be subjected to political tests lest they lead their herd to the wrong end of the spectrum.
Swedes may not be deceived by revisionists!
The Start of Something Greater!
After a few months, the hold of the totalist movement over Swedish society had become near total.\n\nGeneral Secretary Nils Flyg often held speeches to rouse the Swedish people in favour of the national-revolutionary doctrine with his perfected talent as a public speaker. One day, after such a speech, the 'Folkets Dagblad' which the Swedish leader once redacted started with a front article lauding the great leadership of the General Secretary so far and his wisdom.\n\nThe Article has caught the attention of the leader and his cabinet, who start to consider that letting the media focus on the qualities of Nils Flyg could be politically beneficial.
Start to work on this 'Cult of Personality'!
Our focus should be the revolution, not comrade Flyg!
The Creation of a Cult
During the last year, news has exacerbated the role of Nils Flyg in the revolution. Comrade Flyg's role in the revolution has become legendary, and it is widely portrayed that it was his decision to defend the revolution from liberals that made it possible to happen. In addition, schools have been instructed to portray Nils Flyg as a true Swedish hero and an example for all to follow and official photographs of the General Secretary adorn the carriages of public transport!
Excellent, Comrade Flyg is an example to us all!
The Writer's Union Wants to Write a Biography
The Writer's Union has let us know that they intend to write a biography about our great leader Nils Flyg, from childhood to today. This is of course a great way to further the popular knowledge about their general secretary, but some discord started to boil over whether we - and comrade Nils in particular - should hold a tight leash on what is being written. Some in the cabinet want us to subject this endeavour under close government control, while others believe that in the knowledge that the Writer's Union is known to be politically correct means it wouldn't become a character assassination, and that if it would turn out in such a way we can always censor it before it is released.
We need to make sure the truth is written down!
Let the writer's write as they would.
The Life of Nils Flyg
The Writer's Union has finished their biography of Nils Flyg: the book describes the life of comrade Flyg in great detail, like how the general secretary already made remarks about the inherent unfairness of the contemporary feudal-capitalist system that held Sweden in chains at the tender age of 8 years old and how bourgeois spies that infiltrated the workers movement constantly tried to hinder Flyg's career, recognising that he would liberate the Swedish worker if they couldn't control him, which eventually of course, they couldn't. The book ends in describing the instrumental role Flyg played in the Swedish revolution, which could be considered a departure from the government stance that had been held since the revolution, where the ultimate sacrifice of Per Albin Hansson was accredited as the main event that sowed the seeds for a revolutionary regime.
An excellent literary artwork!
Lies upon lies, cancel the biography!
The Life of Nils Flyg
The Writer's Union has finished their biography of Nils Flyg: the book describes the life of comrade Flyg in great detail, telling the story from his birth to his rise to power in the present day. In general the book is positive about Flyg's endeavours, praising for instance his capacity to self-educate in his early youth allowing him to rise among the many workers in the socialist movement at the beginning of the 20th century, but also strikes a critical tone at times: for instance the implication is made that the strength of the socialist movement was hurt a lot by Flyg's decision to move forward with his own party, which contributed to the fracturing of Swedish socialism. Indeed the book also puts some weight in criticising the absence of Flyg during the most uncertain hours of the revolution while totalist paramilitaries roamed the streets.
Criticism is healthy, go ahead!
Oh no, I think not!
The General Secretary Visits a Workplace
In order to bring the touch of the regime closer to the people, the General Secretary, a former industrial worker himself, has arrived to visit a factory where Sweden's industrial heart beats the strongest. One of the civil servants of the secretariat of economics has in the meanwhile drafted a plan to increase the efficiency of factories such as these. One of the junior members of the General Secretary's entourage proposes disposing of the civil servant and bringing the idea as comrade Flyg's own in the ending speech he will give, which would show the wisdom of comrade Flyg to the Swedish people.
A cunning plan! Make the arrangements.
Laud the Civil Servant for his achievement!
Nils Flyg has a Heart Attack
Tragedy: our General Secretary, Nils Flyg, has been hit by a heart attack today. Fortunately, he survived the calamity, but after being rushed to the doctor the doctor explains that Flyg will never be the same again. He will likely suffer from short breath henceforth which will likely become progressively worse in the future. And there is a risk that he will suffer a second heart attack. The doctor recommends that comrade Flyg takes as much rest as possible.
Rest? The General Secretary of Sweden never rests!
The General Secretary's Ill Health Starts to Become Public!
Since comrade Flyg's heart attack, his short-breathedness has progressively become worse as the doctor predicted. As a result, the General Secretary eventually caved and dialled down his public appearances, which in turn is feeding the rumour among the Swedish populace that something is wrong with their General Secretary - with the news about the heart attack carefully being censored.\n\nBecause of our... zealous investment in the cult of personality of Nils Flyg, words are spreading that this is the proof that the government is deceiving the Swedish populace, trying to portray Flyg as a God when he is really just a man that can also fall ill.
Hold a Rally to prove that Flyg is just fine!
Time to switch to damage control!
The Rally Is Unsuccessful
The rally we organised to prove the health of our eternal general secretary has not been able to end the doubts; in fact, the situation has worsened as a result because while the speech started relatively smooth, it was easy to observe that the General Secretary was not well from the very beginning and as the speech continued a clear fatigue overcame the General Secretary. It made one journalist even feel bold enough to want to write that Nils Flyg's life has been shortened by three months by this event. Naturally, this counterrevolutionary scum has swiftly been taken care of.
I tell you, he is in good health!
A Hotel Room Has Been Requisitioned
As the condition of our General Secretary slowly deteriorates, he has become unable to make the daily travel from villa Tomtebo, the home of Flyg he acquired in 1924. As it is important for his duties as General Secretary that he is able to convene with congress and other officials of the Swedish state, he has requisitioned a hotel room close to the Stockholm castle, where the assembly convenes and he has his office. Reportedly he is distressed by the fact that he will, for the time being, live in a hotel room.
It's for the good of the country...
The Motion Linderot
Since the totalist seizure of power, the Swedish congress had become a mere rubberstamping institution for General Secretary Flyg, with little in the way of upsets. The congress was filled with committed totalists, except for about ~30% of the delegates, who were not removed to retain the pretence of democracy and had rallied around Nils Flyg's former associate Karl Kilbom and basically unsuccessfully vote against almost every proposal, with every proposal getting the exact same amount of seats in favour and against since the consolidation of VPT control.\n\nThis morning, this atmosphere of political apathy was suddenly crushed: Sven Linderot, the leader of a faction within the VPT in favour of greater internationalism and a lesser (European) nationalist doctrine with the party, suddenly pitched a motion to establish a 'Politiska Byrån' - political bureau - to take over the General Secretary's duties on behalf of congress as long as his condition will not allow him to properly exercise said duties. This was swiftly condemned by Flyg loyalists, headed by Arvid Olsson, yet the Kilbommare, witnessing this split in their nemesis, capitalised and supported the motion. For the first time since 1937, a motion against the will of the Flyggists passed.
How dare they!
The Appointment of the 'Politiska Byrån'
Following the passing of the Linderot Motion through congress, congress had to elect the delegates that would become members of the bureau. Unsurprisingly, Linderot had pitched his own list with himself as the chairman of the bureau and loyalists for the rest, which would essentially give him all power Flyg previously possessed. The Kilbommare did not cave to that however, and moved to present their own alternative list of syndicalist democracy proponents headed by Kilbom himself. Olsson and the Flyggists were wary of being left the opposition incapable of stopping the motion again, and resolved it would be better to help one of the two sides to the majority they require to take the bureau - hopefully the side that would be the least capable of removing Flyg from power.
Support Linderot - at least he is Totalist!
Support Kilbom - at least he didn't betray us!
Politiska Byrån Orders Flyg Be Moved Home!
With his hold over the Political Bureau of his own creation, Sven Linderot was given de-facto in control over the country. The first act of the bureau is to have Flyg be moved back to Tomtebo. According to the bureau, this is so the General Secretary can rest, but most consider the real underlying reason is to render Flyg politically pacified. After all, without his hotelroom Flyg can't easily get to the halls of power in a good condition and thus it will be significantly easier for Linderot and his companions to control the country and Flyg's omnipresent supporters. Unsurprisingly, the General Secretary resisted with all the power he had, but the police officers 'to protect him' were relentless.
It is for your own good, Nisse!
The Political Bureau Gathers for the Next Move!
With the General Secretary out of the picture, the control of the Political Bureau is unlimited. Now a choice lies before Linderot: either he could announce Flyg's resignation now while Flyg is incapable to react and in poor health, or he could hold his horses, ruling the country for the foreseeable future, taking the gamble that Flyg will not recover and possibly go after him in the future for what he just did.
Announce Flyg's resignation!
Let us remain just where we are!
Electing a General Secretary
With Nils Flyg 'resigned' Linderot's own ambitions have been exposed. The Flyggists and mixed totalists, now firmly aware of what Linderot is trying to do and that Flyg's resignation wasn't his own decision, pitch comrade Flyg and exclaim that they will never support 'the rat' Sven Linderot for General Secretary, saying they'll put in even Kilbom into that office before Linderot. The Kilbommare opposition meanwhile, seek to do exactly that, but also among them it is clear, that by the guise of 'better the devil you know' and the consideration that Flyg is in poor shape, they are inclined to support Flyg. It seems Linderot has overplayed his hand; he has lost the race before it even began and knowing that either side won't be soft on him for his attempted powergrab, his supporters are bailing out left and right. The question is however, which side will cave to the other first?
Flyg is reelected in the third round!
Kilbom is elected in the third round!
The Purge of the Linderot Faction!
With the removal of Flyg, the Political Bureau was automatically dissolved too as it was a kind of regency for the General Secretary. As such, Linderot and his loyalists had been planning to invoke the articles included in their motion to reestablish the political bureau. However, these plans were cut short when the authorities arrived at Linderot's doorstep and arrested him on the suspicion of reactionary sympathies. In a show trial the same day he was with hastily convicted to thirty years of hard labour and sent on his way to a prison complex in the north of Sweden specifically designated for enemies of the regime. He was not seen again in Stockholm.\n\nSeveral other staunch Linderot loyalists have been put into custody too. The power of Linderot and his internationalist totalists has been broken.
Good Riddance!
Politiska Byrån Dissolves Congress!
With Kilbom in control of the bureau that takes care of the duties of the most important office of the country, the bureau has decreed that the political barriers imposed by General Secretary Flyg earlier are to be removed and had the congress dissolve. In a month's time all delegates of the congress shall face a free election, with no political barriers holding you back from partaking. It is obvious that the Kilbommare are out on getting a congress hostile to totalist rule to commence a recall vote on General Secretary Flyg, to then restore democracy.
Time to start campaigning!
Recall Vote on Nils Flyg
After vigorous campaigning, free elections have been held and changed the composition of congress. As such, we are now pitching a recall vote to try and remove Nils Flyg from power, which will let us in turn elect a new General Secretary and safeguard revolutionary democracy in Sweden.
The recall vote passes, Nils Flyg is removed!
The recall vote fails, Flyg remains in power.
Electing a General Secretary
The syndicalist-democratically aligned congress removed Nils Flyg from his office as General Secretary, which probably helps him more than it hurts him, considering his fragile health. Congress must now elect a new General Secretary however. Most agree that Karl Kilbom - now the saviour of Swedish revolutionary democracy - should become the new General Secretary on behalf of the SSV. The SAC did nominate Frans Severin however and members from both parties have formed an alliance in the hopes of abolishing the office of General Secretary altogether, considering that it only leads to tyranny.
Kilbom is elected General Secretary.
Severin is elected General Secretary.
The End of an Era
Nils Flyg Passes Away
The first Grand Secretary of Sweden has been hit by a second heart attack today. This time, he was not quite as lucky as in January '41, and passed away after the calamity. His wife was rushed to his hotelroom as fast as possible but when she arrived it had already been too late - the General Secretary passed away alone. While she lost her husband, Sweden lost its leader, and chaos overtakes congress as a vacuum in power has suddenly spawned out of this as a result. This vacuum was soon filled however: with Linderot and Kilbom having been outplayed earlier and the VPT faction reunited, it seems clear who shall become the new chairman of the VPT.
The first Grand Secretary of Sweden has been hit by a second heart attack today. This time, he was not quite as lucky as in January '41, and passed away after the calamity. Flyg had spent his last months grumbling and raging against Sven Linderot, who as chairman of a 'Political Bureau' had him moved home 'to rest' as a result of which he could do nothing against the chairman's de-facto exercise of power that technically belonged to him. For better or for worse though, he was at home at his Tomtebo villa; had he remained in the hotel room that he had been assigned at first, he might well have died alone, without his wife and closest supporters by his side.\n\nCongress was swift in declaring Sven Linderot the second Chairman of Sweden, who had discretely been consolidating his power while ruling in Flyg's place. A new wind blows through the streets of Stockholm now.
The first Grand Secretary of Sweden has been hit by a second heart attack today. This time, he was not quite as lucky as in January '41, and passed away after the calamity. Flyg had spent his last months grumbling and raging against his former comrade-in-arms Karl Kilbom, who as chairman of a 'Political Bureau' reinstituted the socialist democracy that had been in place just after the revolution, which violated the principles of the totalist charter as established in 1938 and then weaponised it to oust him from office. For better or for worse though, he was at home at his Tomtebo villa; had he remained in the hotel room that he had been assigned at first, he might well have died alone, without his wife and closest supporters by his side.
The first Grand Secretary of Sweden has been hit by a second heart attack today. This time, he was not quite as lucky as in January '41, and passed away after the calamity. Flyg had spent his last months grumbling and raging against his former comrade-in-arms Karl Kilbom, who as the second General Secretary reinstituted the socialist democracy that had been in place just after the revolution which violated the principles of the totalist charter as established in 1936, and Sven Linderot, who engineered Flyg's retirement. For better or for worse though, he was at home at his Tomtebo villa; had he remained in the hotel room that he had been assigned at first, he might well have died alone, without his wife and closest supporters by his side.
The characteristic leader of the VPT, Nils Svante Flyg, has been hit by a second heart attack today. Ever since his first heart attack in January '41 he had been known to be of ill health, and to allow him to remain politically active, the party had secured him a hotel room in Stockholm. To this second heart attack however, he succumbed. The chairmanship of the VPT has moved on to Arvid Olsson.
We have received reports on one of the most infamous of Swedish syndicalists, Nils Svante Flyg, to have succumbed to a second heart attack while in exile in [getFlygsRefuge]. His leadership of Sweden's totalist faction has been taken over by his associate Arvid Olsson.
Long live General Secretary Olsson!
Long live General Secretary Linderot!
He was flawed but a great revolutionary regardless!
Rest in peace!
Good riddance!
The End of an Era
As the enemy closes in on Stockholm, we had to conclude that the ill health of the General Secretary renders us unable to evacuate him. As such, the totalist leader had no choice but to wait out the enemy forces, and had been given a cyanide pill to prevent himself from being taken into enemy custody. Sweden is now without a leader in this critical time; we need to select a new General Secretary at once!
Olsson is the new General Secretary.
Linderot is the new General Secretary.
Kilbom is the new General Secretary.
The End of an Era
Nils Flyg has been hit by a heart attack today. While perhaps, under proper care, the man would have survived, Flyg was thanks to the fall of Stockholm in a military camp, where the doctors were already overworked with wounded soldiers, lacked the supplies to help Flyg. He went out peacefully.
Make Olsson is the new General Secretary.
Second Swedish Invasion of Åland
For a second time, the perfidious Swedes have sent military forces to the Åland archipelago in the Baltic Sea, with the hopes of annexing it. This is a blatantly illegal act, considering our victory in the arbitration of the dispute during the 1920s. However, now that we're under full-scale attack and the verge of collapse, Sweden saw its chance to take what is rightfully ours!
There is nothing we can do!
Request that Germany forces the Swedes to retreat!
They must retreat or it is war!
Invasion of Åland Successful
While the Finns are unsurprisingly rather angry about our rightful takeover of the Åland isles, our move has been successful. The limits opposed in the German arbitration in the 1920s, in which they foolishly ruled in favour of the Finns, meant that military installations on the islands were limited, and we took control over it with little resistance!
Welcome back, Åland!
Finland Requests Our Support!
The Finns have been under severe pressure in the ongoing war, and Sweden has ruthlessly taken advantage of that, much like during the Finnish civil war two decades ago. The Finns are imploring us to show that our ruling in the 1920s is to be enforced, and to force the Swedes to retreat, but can we really afford to antagonise the Swedes in the current situation?
We can't help here!
Demand that Sweden retreats!
Germany Demands Our Retreat!
Just as we thought that we secured the isles, the Germans arrived again. And of course, biased to the Finnish side as they are, they demand that we retreat from the Åland isles. We could of course refuse in the hopes that it is a bluff, and that Germany is not really prepared to support Finland with military means. Ending up at war with the Germans however, could spell disaster.
Retreat, we'd stand no chance!
Stand firm, this time we will not surrender Åland!
The Swedes Back Down!
The Swedish government has given in to the pressure that was put on them following their illegal occupation of the Åland islands. They are retreating and returning the archipelago to us.
Hurrah!
The Swedes Refuse!
The Swedish government has refused to retreat from Åland, claiming they have a popular mandate to annex the islands from the islands' inhabitants, and that they will not abandon them again!
We didn't want to resort to violence...
Uh, well I guess it's fine then...
The Germans Can't Help Us
The Germans have let us know that they can't help us get the Åland islands back. It is clear that they want to avoid antagonising Sweden at our cost.
Nefarious Swedes, misusing the situation!
We'll push them back ourselves!
The Finns Demand Our Retreat!
The Finns have let us know that our military must vacate all their sovereign territory within 48 hours or they will consider our states to be in state of war.
Almost overrun by their enemies and still issuing threats, hah!
We concede, we can't afford a war with Finland.
The perfidious Swedes don't seem to take us seriously because of our current military situation and refuse to return the Åland islands to our control.
War it is then!
Then there's really nothing we can do...
Sweden's Ragnarök?
Disaster! [From.GetAdjective] hordes are descending on Stockholm, the designated Asgard of Gyllenkrok's empire while our patriots mount a desperate defence to salvage the nation from their tyranny.\n\nOur beloved Riksledare, Axel Gyllenkrok, is seeing it all from a position of inactivity from his office in [SWE.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and, as a former front line officer, contemplates fighting for the survival of the Swedish identity with the young men struggling against the [From.GetAdjective] menace in a last attempt to stave off this blatant attempt to end our nation. Reality is however that it is possible that the Riksledare will die in this endeavour, and wouldn't losing the Riksledare leave Sweden hopelessly lost?
I shall not witness our demise from an office chair!
The risk would be too great!
The Death of a Tyrant!
A patrol has been inspecting the ruins of a house in Stockholm in the aftermath of the battle, when they found the remains of a Swedish officer in a most unusual uniform as well as several of his presumptive guards. Upon further inspection, it has been deduced that this officer was in fact once the nefarious Swedish dictator Axel Gyllenkrok. Clearly he and his guards had remained trapped in the building for a fairly long while, as the bodies are showing their first signs of disintegration. Regardless, the confirmation of the death of their dictator must come hard on the Swedes.
A Tyrant has fallen!
The Riksledare Is Dead!
We have received confirmation that the body of the Riksledare, who fought among his troops in the battle of Stockholm and who had been considered to be missing since several days, has been found by the enemy. He has had honours bestowed upon himself in absentia on the orders of Archibald Douglas, Gyllenkrok's friend and former superior who has been declared the new Riksledare as per the orders of Gyllenkrok.
The Riksledare is dead. Long live the Riksledare!
The great guide of our nation, Riksledare Axel Gyllenkrok, has passed away peacefully in his villa. Of course, all of Sweden will now enter into a week of sorrow, but while respects are being paid, his power is immediately contested. Gyllenkrok was quite open in his desire of being succeeded by his friend, nobleman and former superior Archibald Douglas, but his ascent of the role of leadership is being contested by the ideological extremists within the SRNS who instead desire Martin Ekström as the new Riksledare. Then there are some within the army who have seen enough of the totalitarian tactics employed by the SRNS and who are plotting to install Helge Jung as a moderate candidate.
Douglas was Gyllenkrok's own choice!
Ekström shall safeguard Swedish ideological purity!
Jung shall bring back normality!
Rocketry Accident
One of our rockets that was being tested in our bid to extend our knowledge surrounding rocketry has been in somewhat of an accident: the trajectory of the rocket, which was supposed to drop into the Baltic Sea to be recollected by us, had been miscalculated. As a result of this, the rocket has only crashed almost 200km north of its original planned target. Needless to say, local authorities are all over it already.
I fear that rocket is lost...
The Bäckebo Bomb
A German missile has crashed in the Swedish woods near Bäckebo, part of one Robert Gustavsson's land, where it left a detonation crater that is five metres wide. Our military has already arrived and taken possession of the wreckage, and it is being transported to Stockholm as we speak to be examined.
Finders, keepers!
Gustaf V of Sweden Abdicates the Throne
In a press release in front of Stockholm Palace today, His Highness King Gustaf V shocked the world by stating he has abdicated the throne of Sweden, dissolving over 115 years of rule by the House of Bernadotte. His Highness is quoted as saying \
The northern lights dim further.
Swedish Army Declares Martial Law
In the aftermath of the reformation of Sweden into a socialist republic under the SAP-SSV coalition and the abolishment of the monarchy, General Oscar Nygren and the Swedish Armed Forces under the cover of night swiftly occupied Stockholm this morning, declaring Martial Law across the city. Military Police battalions have been ordered to arrest all socialist politicians related to the Hansson cabinet, as the National Security Forces have mobilised to secure any pockets of socialist resistance. While there have been reports of some bloodshed, it seems the coup has been relatively unopposed. One of General Nygren's first decisions at the helm of the Swedish state was to reinstate the Royal families titles, as well as invite back Gustaf Adolf, grandson of Gustaf V. While Sweden might once again be stable, it remains to be seen what their future holds.
One way or another, order returns to Sweden.
The Air Force Summit
The Swedish economy is unable to fulfil the demands recently presented by the navy and air force. The navy is large, but most of the ships are old and in need of replacement. The Naval Board wishes to build new armoured ships, in addition to modern escorts and submarines. The goal is threefold. The navy must be able to protect Sweden's long coast, control the Baltic Sea and project power. Although it has only been suggested, it is clear that marine management is thinking of Åland, Finland and the Baltics.\n\nAt the same time, the Swedish air force has presented plans for drastically expanding the service. The Swedish air force has proposed drastically expanding the service. Sweden could have a large air force consisting of modern, indigenous designs.\n\nIt is clear that the Swedish economy cannot support the development of both a modern navy and a modern air force. Both military leaders and ministers have demanded that the government makes a decision. Which service should receive priority in the future?
We need a strong navy.
We need a modern air force.
The Revolutionary Committee Assembly - Governmental Status
The Revolutionary Committee has been assembled for its first session. Tensions are high as all three parties are vying for power in this new, strange political climate. Membership numbers for all parties are exploding, although Sveriges Socialdemokratiska Vänsterparti (SSV) is the largest one by far.\n\nFrom his podium, Karl Kilbom of the SSV advocates that in the new Sweden, we (the state) look after everyone who needs it, without prying into the affairs of common citizenry. Nils Flyg of Vänsterpartiet Totalisterna (VPT) claims that citizenry police needs to be established, to 'safeguard the revolution' while Albert Jensen of Sveriges Arbetares Centralorganisation (SAC) claims that every commune should look after their own.
Jensen has the right of it.
Kilbom wins this round.
Nils Flyg controls the debate.
The Revolutionary Committee Assembly - Economic System
The Revolutionary Committee has assembled for a second time. The initial belief that seizing power in Sweden would unify the left has now completely waned. Reforming the economy of Sweden is the topic of the day, and speaking sharply for the SSV is Anna Johansson Visborg, claiming that strong unions and government influence will secure worker's rights.\n\nThe VPT representative, Sven Linderot, claims that all workers should be gathered into a single, large union, and the focus should be on massive state funded projects. Finally, Gustav Sjöström of the Syndicalists proposes the idea of commune based economy, where every region should strive to be self-sufficient.
Sjöström has the right of it.
Visborg wins this round.
Linderot controls the debate.
The Revolutionary Committee Assembly - Military Matters
For a third time the Revolutionary Committee holds session. With the current military disloyal to the red cause, the various leaders are discussing radical army reforms. Zeth Höglund of the SSV wants to reintegrate the Swedish army through education of staff and soldiers, where soldiers council's should elect officers out of their own ranks.\n\nGustav Johansson from VPT claims that a strong army needs a strong central command, and that a National School for politically indoctrinated officers must be the backbone of our new army. The SAC representative, Nisse Lätt, believes armies should be trained and used for local, defensive deployment and only summoned elsewhere for extreme situations.
Lätt has the right of it.
Höglund wins this round.
Johansson controls the debate.
The Revolutionary Committee Assembly - Societal Doctrine
Our fourth session has been assembled. Outside the doors, Sweden lies in chaos, but inside we are assured we can sort it out. Our new society must build upon equality, a strong union and compassion for your fellow man, or so claims Östen Unden of SSV.\n\nHilding Hagberg from VPT believes that we must put faith in a strong man to lead us all into an era where Sweden isn't just a strong nation, it's a great nation, rivalled by none and feared by all! The most passionate of all speakers however is the SAC representative Elise Ottosen Jensen, who envisions her dream of a society free of oppression, where one cares and shares with your local community.
Jensen has the right of it.
Undén wins this round.
Hagberg controls the debate.
The General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly
The Totalists have achieved a total victory in the revolutionary assemblies. With a majority of our latest proposals having been approved, it turns out that our strategy of talking the loudest during the debates has been successful. With a new Totalist regime ready to rule Sweden with an iron fist, it is clear who will become the General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly: Nils Svante Flyg, undisputed leader of the totalist movement shall rise to power and stand at the top while Sweden shall rise in this new age!
Nils Flyg will raise Sweden to the sky.
The Radical Socialists have won in the revolutionary assemblies. With a majority of our latest proposals having been approved, it turns out that our strategy of talking the loudest during the debates has been successful. With a new radical socialist regime ready to climb to the seat of ultimate power as General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly we have a single, last decisions to make.\n\nWho should sit there? Many thought of Kilbom, a former sailor and journalist, as the obvious choice, but the famous and incredibly popular poet and writer Karin Boye has soared in the party ranks as of late.
Karl Kilbom is what Sweden needs.
And the day is you, Karin Boye.
The Syndicalists have won in the revolutionary assemblies. With a majority of our latest proposals having been approved, it turns out that our strategy of talking the loudest during the debates has been successful. With a new syndicalist regime ready to climb to the seat of ultimate power as General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly we have a single, last decisions to make.\n\nWho should sit there? The last draw has come down in between Elise Ottesen-Jensen, a former sex-educator and agitator and wife of Albert Jensen, another major figure in the syndicalist movement, and her adversary Frans Severin, another influential member of the SAC congress.
Elise Ottosen-Jensen is our choice.
Frans Severin is our first pick.
The battle has been hard fought in the revolutionary assemblies. The Totalists and the Radical Socialists have both gained and held ground. With a new regime ready to climb to the seat of ultimate power as General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly we have a difficult decisions to make. Who should sit there?\n\nEither the Totalist option of Nils Flyg, a former editor in chief and undisputed leader of the totalist movement, will shoulder the responsibility or perhaps Kilbom, the former sailor and journalist is a better choice? Either way, one side is doomed to feel left out, and Sweden might suffer from this split.
The battle has been hard fought in the revolutionary assemblies. The Syndicalists and the Radical Socialists have both gained and held ground. With a new regime ready to climb to the seat of ultimate power as General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly we have a difficult decisions to make.\n\nWho should sit there? Either the Syndicalist option of Frans Severin, a senior member of the SAC congress, will shoulder the responsibility will shoulder the responsibility or perhaps Kilbom, the former sailor and journalist is a better choice? Either way, one side is doomed to feel left out, and Sweden might suffer from this split.
The battle has been hard fought in the revolutionary assemblies. The Syndicalists and the Totalists have both gained and held ground. With a new regime ready to climb to the seat of ultimate power as General Secretary of the First Swedish Worker's Assembly we have a difficult decisions to make.\n\nWho should sit there? Either the Syndicalist option of Frans Severin, a senior member of the SAC congress, will shoulder the responsibility or perhaps Nils Flyg, the former editor in chief and undisputed leader of the totalist movement, is a better choice? Either way, one side is doomed to feel left out, and Sweden might suffer from this split.
Nils Flyg is our man.
Frans Severin is our first pick.
Karl Kilbom is what Sweden needs.
Karin Boye Releases För Lite
Karin Boye, a prominent author, poet and female rights activist coloured by socialism has just released her latest piece. It's a novel called För Lite (Too Little or For Little) and centres around the themes of working to achieve your dreams or make your ends meet, and your responsibility to yourself as a person and to your family and friends. Boye is very popular and her new novel is a success.
I shall have to read it sometime.
Greta Garbo Stars in Camille
Greta Garbo stars in the American produced movie Camille, a romantic drama. Greta Garbo is one of the biggest names in the movie industry, both in Sweden and in the world. The movie is rather harmless and holds a high quality production but some of the more conservative elements of our society are most upset... Her clothes are a bit revealing! They are calling for a censorship. What should we do?
That outfit is too revealing! Censor it!
It seems most entertaining. Send me a ticket!
Five Year Commemoration of Ådalen
In May 1931 a large march of strikers marched towards barracks for blacklegs who were working at local factories. The police had called in the military for support and before the day was over, the riots had ended in five strikers being killed by military fire. Ever since then yearly marches are held in memory of the dead workers among socialists, although conservatives claim that the workers were armed and attacked them first. The strikes of this year are unusually large. What should we do?
Let them. They'll tire eventually.
Wasn't once enough? Send in the military!
Final Sentence of the Sala-gang
In the summer of last year a gang led by a name called Sigvard Nilsson-Thurneman (a name he added himself, presumably because it is an anagram for Manhunter) was arrested for a murder. Soon the investigations reached nationwide front news as it turned out that the gang was not only guilty of murders dating all the way back to 1931, but also because it was ran more or less like an occult group and went under the nickname \
We must respect the court's decision. Closed case it is.
Arrange for this monster to be relocated to a prison.
Manhunter on the Loose!
Two years ago, Sigvard Nilsson-Thurneman was sentenced to closed psychiatric care but our politicians overruled the decisions and put him in prison. In prison his mental state reportedly worsened, and just after Christmas last year he broke out and murdered a taxi driver and stole his car. The police lacks any good leads and fear he may have gone underground or even left the country...
What have I done?!
Major Hotel Strike!
After failed negotiations with the unions a major hotel strike has caused a hotel lockout in Sweden. From Stockholm to Göteborg to Malmö you won't find a single hotel which is properly staffed. Striking down at the protestors violently could disperse them... or set off a backlash, while negotiation with them could make the red parties grow. We could just ignore them, but that might hurt our economy, at least for a while.
Let's replay Ådalen, send in the military!
Let's negotiate with them.
Ignore them. Surely it will stop?
City Massacre
Our brave soldiers nobly defended the government directives when the strikers, reds and other rabble started throwing bottles and rocks. The turmoil and riots lasted for the entire day and over a dozen workers have been killed before the protestors were fully cleared. For some reason a couple of journalists managed to leak pictures of bleeding civilians in the streets of Göteborg, and now Sweden is in shock!
If they had only stayed home...
The Hotel Strike Ends
For several months the strike has been going on, hurting our economy and our prestige, but eventually we tired them out. The strikes have ended and things are back to normal... For now.
Thank Goodness!
Funeral of Gösta Ekman
The legend of Gösta Ekman, Sweden's most popular actor and theatre-director, passed away at age 47 after a period of sickness. In the last eleven years, Ekman was part of no less than twenty three productions. Following his funeral train in the streets of Stockholm, over 100 000 (!) people, roughly a fifth of the city, watched the coffin pass and mourned the end of a Swedish legend.
We all mourn today.
Astrid Kindstrand on the Radio
A few days ago, Astrid Kindstrand read the news on Sweden's Radio, the national radio channel, the first woman to do so in Swedish history. In the following days, hundreds of angry phonecalls and letters reached the state and various newspapers across the country to complain that a woman is allowed to read state news.
Don't they have anything else to be upset about?
Landstormens Lilla Lotta
A new Swedish comedy movie has hit the theatres and reached a surprising amount of popularity. It plays a bit with the traditional story of Romeo and Julia but also throws things of order upside down, such as making the bank director a private when he joins the army and the groundskeeper a commander. Everyone fools around and no one takes their military training seriously while falling in love with one of the pretty women of the Lotta-corps.
Oh ho ho! I love me some jolly movies!
How dare they mock the Swedish military like this?! Censor it!
Garbo Skrattar - Ninotchka!
Garbo laughs - That is how the movie is marketed all across the world, as the Swedish, beautiful mega-star Greta Garbo does her first attempt at a comedy movie. The movie centres around Garbo in the role of Ninotchka, an ice-cold syndicalist who finds love and abandons her political ideas to move to a capitalist society. Even though it is tongue-in-cheek, and makes fun of the capitalist society too, it is clear that it mocks all forms of syndicalism.
She is so beautiful! Get me a ticket!
How dare they mock the glorious Swedish revolution?! Censor it!
Kallocain Released
Kallocain is a novel written by the ever busy Karin Boye. It takes place in a dystopian, fictive nation where criticising the state is strictly illegal and the state controls every single part of your life. It reflects on men and women, on class issues and the conflicts that arise from these issues. It is, ultimately, a depressing read. It takes brutal stabs at any totalitarian regimes, left or right.
A fascinating and disturbing read!
How dare she mock the strong, glorious state? Censor it!
Death of Karin Boye
Karin Boye was found lifeless on a hill north of Alingsås after she had, seemingly intentionally, overdosed on sleeping pills. The poet and author was known for her emotional instability, in particular over the last few months. Even more so perhaps since one of the women she loved, Anita Nathorst, was dying of cancer. Her sexuality was a public secret, and the pressure of it all might have been too much.
Visst gör det ont när knopparna brister...
IKEA Founded
The other day a seventeen-year-old lad named Ingvar Kamprad founded a small company for selling everything from pencils and fishing tools, to stockings and belts. It is run from his parent's private farm as a mail order company and apparently he will personally bike out to your home and deliver the goods to your front door.
Seems like an ambitious young man.
New Malmö Theatre Opens
The recently opened Malmö City Theatre is one of the largest theatres in Europe, and offers and impressive display indeed. For the opening night it will show the classic of 'A midsummer night's dream', the Shakespear classic.
Get me a ticket!
Arvid Lindman Passes Away
Arvid Lindman was a conservative politician, a member of the navy staff and considered among many as a father of the Nation. The former admiral reigned as prime minister in between 1906 to 1911 and then again, more or less as a permanent head of government, from 1924 until 1934, when he stepped down in favour of the younger Gösta Bagge.\n\nIt is said that Bagge rarely took any decisions without asking for advice from the senior Lindman, but no longer. A public funeral will be held and attended by the King and other people of fine birth.
Arvid Lindman was a conservative politician, a member of the navy staff and considered among many to be a tyrant who did everything he could to kill democracy and socialism in its cradle. He reigned as a prime minister in between 1906 to 1911 and then again, more or less as a permanent head of government, from 1924 until 1934, when he stepped down in favour of the younger Gösta Bagge.\n\nWhen our revolutionary government proclaimed Sweden to be a republic, he was among the first to flee abroad and he died, alone and unwanted, in a flat in Berlin.
A great statesman is gone.
A great tyrant is gone.
Valkyriorna Formed
With war coming to the shores of Sweden, the stunt-pilot Elsa Andersson, known for her daring parachuting in the twenties, has requested to form a women's only air brigade. The project has adopted the name 'Valkyriorna', after the winged women of ancient norse mythology who oversaw which warriors would be slain on the battlefield. Women have gathered in droves to sign up, wanting the chance to fight for Sweden, but the idea is not undisputed. Many feel that women in the army is not fitting with a modern civilised nation.
Everyone who wants to fight for Sweden is welcome!
Ladies! We need you on the homefront...
Granted Asylum to Reactionaries
Sideline Support
Trade War
Defaulted on Debts
§YOscar Nygren§! dies!
§GThis focus will bypass if the 1936 elections are won by the social democrats.§!
§GThis focus will bypass if the 1936 elections are won by the conservatives.§!
All remaining §YTotalist§!, §YSyndicalist§!, §YRadical Socialist§! and §YSocial Democratic§! influence will be stamped out.
§RThe §YSocial Conservative§! party will henceforth be considered §YAuthoritarian Democrat§!§!.
The SAP will be able to take part in the elections again and this will almost ensure that the right wing of government will be led by the liberals in the future.
A series of decisions to reverse the §Yeconomic downturn caused by Black Monday§! will become available.
The Riksbank will be relieved of its duty to convert Swedish Kronor into gold. You can now decide to print extra money.
Black Monday arrived in Sweden!
We will print extra money: this will increase our budget by §G2 million Kronor§! but our inflation will grow!
We will take a loan of §G2 million Kronor§!. §RWe will have to pay interest over the sum until we repay it!§!
Has §Y2 million Kronor§! of debt that may be repaid.
We repay §G2 million Kronor§! of debt.
We save §G5 million Kronor§! of military funding that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
We will collect §G2 million Kronor§! of taxes that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
We save §G5 million Kronor§! of welfare funding that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
Kr. §H2 million§! Kr.
§R2 million§! Kr.
It costs $SWE_tt_two_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
Kr. §H3 million§! Kr.
§R3 million§! Kr.
It costs $SWE_tt_three_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
Kr. §H5 million§! Kr.
§R5 million§! Kr.
It costs $SWE_tt_five_million_kronor_blocked$ to take this decision
Unemployment will be lowered by $RIGHT|G0%$.\n
Unemployment will increase by $RIGHT|R0%$.\n
We collect §G1 million Kronor§! of tariffs that will be added to our budget to combat Black Monday.\n
§RThis is a violation of the rules of Mitteleuropa!§!
Unemployment will increase by §R2%§! thanks to the natural tendency of the unemployment to move towards the equilibrium.\n
We do not experience the effects of Black Monday anymore.
Our inflation is below §Y8%§!.
We have less than §Y10 million Kronor§! of related debt.
The decisions and mechanics involving the solving of Black Monday will be §Rdisabled§!!
We pay §R[?SWE_var_interest|1] million Kronor§! in interests over our loans!\n
Insofar we can't afford this, we will take additional loans to fill the gap.\n
Unemployment will be lowered by §G2%§! thanks to the natural tendency of the unemployment to move towards the equilibrium.\n
This will reduce inflation by $RIGHT|G0%$.
§Y0§!
§G[?SWE_var_budget|1] million§!
§R[?SWE_var_debt|1] million§!
Our inflation exceeds §Y5%§!
With the new currency, inflation will be reset to §Y2%§!.
§RThis modifier will be removed when we redistribute the wealth.§!
Response to Black Monday
The Swedish economy is tightly connected to the German one, and as such, the economic downturn in Berlin soon found its way to the purses of the average Swede. As such, the prime minister has appointed a Crisis Commission under the minister of finance to prevent Sweden from ailing away under the effects. With unemployment rising and tax returns shrinking this will surely be a daunting task, however.\n\n§YNote: Black Monday will be over if the unemployment rate is 12% or lower.§!\n\nFree Budget: [swedishBudgetAmount] kronor.\nInflation: [?SWE_var_inflation|%-0].\nUnemployment: [?SWE_var_unemployment|%R0].\nRelated debt: [swedishDebtAmount] kronor.
Drop the Gold Standard
The Swedish national bank, the Riksbank, is held to convert Swedish Kronor into gold at standardised value by law. We can suspend the standard however, as per the instruments of government in times of financial ruin, which will make Swedish goods easier to sell internationally, but also cause inflation.
Print extra money
We can order the Riksbank to print us extra money to spend. However, this may cause the value of the Kronor to drop.
Borrow 2 million Kronor
We can take a loan of 2 million Kronor to add to our budget, but this can not be done indefinitely.
Repay 2 million Kronor
We can repay 2 million Kronor from our budget, so we won't have to pay interest over it anymore.
Cut Military Funding
We can save quite a bit of money by cutting the funding of the military. The world is becoming ever less stable however, so such a decision should not be taken lightly. In addition, the Swedish conservatives are heavily opposed to such a measure.
Raise Taxes
We can bring in some extra money to spend on countering Black Monday by raising some extra taxes. This may stifle the market even further however, and the Swedish liberals are heavily opposed to such a measure.
Cut Welfare Funding
We can save quite a bit of money by cutting on welfare expenditure. Such a move may deny those that have been hit the hardest by the crisis a much-needed lifeline, and, unsurprisingly, the Swedish Social Democrats are heavily opposed to such a measure.
Start a Public Works Programme
The most straightforward way to combat unemployment is to kickstart large public works projects the unemployed can participate in. They can then use the money they earn with this to take care of their families. As an added bonus, the money they spend will enter the economy and help it recover.
Subsidise Raw Resource Export
A large part of the Swedish economy relies on the export of raw resources such as iron ore and tungsten. By subsidising these exports, we will find our fair amount of foreign currency flowing our way, which will aid our recovery significantly.
Nationalise a Major Company
Fact is that the goals of major companies are often aimed at making the most profit rather than providing as many people as possible with a living. To that end it might be worthwhile to nationalise one of these major companies and redirect it towards that goal. This will not be cheap, however.
Implement Tariffs
We can try protecting our own economy by implementing tariffs against the cheap goods that enter Sweden while bringing in some money as well. We are part of Mitteleuropa however, which is a free-trade area; as such, this is technically a violation of our international obligations.
Wrap up the Crisis Commission
The Crisis Commission was established in the 1936 Crisis Act to help Sweden combat the effects of Black Monday. Once the crisis is over and everything has been properly dealt with, we can wrap up the commission.
Increase the Riksbank Interest
Banks in Sweden take loans from the Riksbank. By increasing the interest over these loans, we can influence the money supply and lower our inflation once.
Geopolitical Actions
Join the Reichspakt
With the dangers of syndicalism ever encroaching towards Swedish borders, it would be prudent to look to likeminded powers. The Kaiserreich is the champion of the status quo, and a fellow Germanic nation withstanding the tides of Latin anarchy. Let us stand together in battle!
Join the Third Internationale
The dangers to the young revolutionary republic are many, with the fat kaiser viciously looking to end the worker's freedom in its neighbouring countries in its cradle. We should stand together with our Comrades in France and Britain against this menace!
Invade Åland
We tried to secure Åland at the end of the first Weltkrieg when Finland and Russia's fate were still not clear. German pressure eventually forced us to retreat, despite our righteous mandate with over 80% of the archipelago's population wishing to join Sweden, and resolved the dispute in their Finnish puppet state's favour. An opportunity might arise to bring the islands into their rightful homeland once more, be that for strategic or nationalist reasons.
Subjugate [FROM.GetNameDef]
The Norwegians have enjoyed their independence long enough. It is time for Sweden to reclaim its birthright as the country that dominates and shapes the Scandinavian geopolitical scene and a Norway that doesn't bend the knee to Stockholm does not constitute a proper part of the new Nordic order.
Finland has historically been under Swedish dominion ever since the Northern Crusades in the 13th and 14th century, until we had to surrender it to the Russians in 1809. Now is time to strangle the decadent Finnish state that was born out of the poor Russian administration and restore the rightful order over the Finnish lands once more.
Operation Rädda Danmark
Denmark formed an alliance with the Germans against the syndicalists, a most probably fatal decision for the country: the German eagle has fallen and the torch and cog now rules Europe. As part of the debris of the German sphere, by all accounts it is expected that they will be destroyed by syndicalist forces soon. For Sweden, this situation is highly inconvenient as a syndicalist regime in Denmark could potentially allow a separate syndicalist invasion of our own homeland, and therefore our officers have made a plan: we invade Denmark first and depose the Danish government in favour of a regime friendly to us, thereby creating a buffer zone between us and the syndicalists of mainland Europe.
Create LKAB
Sweden is home to large expanses of steel reserves, with one company specialising its extract being Luossavaara-Kiirunavaara Aktiebolag. Funding them would be a great way to increase our exports.
Oil Shale and the SSAB
Sweden has significant deposits of oil shale, a fact known since the 18th century. Before the Weltkrieg we ignored these deposits, but in the modern day and age, fuel is what wins wars. Let us expand our operations in mining it.
the large villa he had been assigned in Norway
a beautiful house in France
a misty farmstead in Britain
a modest home in Mexico
a wooden shack in Colombia
his hiding spot in the anarchic lands of Africa
Republikanska
Kungliga
Republican
Royal
KTH
RTH
Sweden
Swedish
Sweden
Swedish Commune
the Swedish Commune
Swedish Commune
the Swedish Commune
Swedish Commune
the Swedish Commune
Sweden-Norway
Swedish-Norwegian
Sweden-Norway
Nils Flyg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1891, in Södermalm, Stockholm, Södermanland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe figurehead of Swedish totalism, Nils 'Nisse' Flyg, is considered by many to be a colourful character. Born in the Stockholm working-class neighbourhood of Södermalm, Flyg has been active in the Swedish radical left since a young age. In 1917, he split off from the SAP with Zeth Höglund and Karl Kilbom to form the Swedish Communist Party, a brief experiment that soon failed when the Russian Revolution was crushed. Nonetheless, the young Flyg would prove to be a force to be reckoned within the Swedish left.\n\nIn more recent years, Flyg distanced himself from his less radical comrades and took on the doctrine of total commitment to the Revolution propagated by the Sorelians in the Commune of France and Oswald Mosley in the Union of Britain, though adding his own unique values to it as well: Flyg is known to oppose notions of an indigenous socialist revolution in America and, ironic to his previous positions, Russia, believing that the revolution has to originate in Europe as it would otherwise take the shape of anti-European imperialism, noting on the side that neither Russia nor America harbours an orthodox totalist movement.§!
Arvid Olsson
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 14th, 1888, in Ramundeboda, Närke Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Sven Linderot
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1889, in Skedevi, Östergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Frans Severin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1889, in Ystad, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Elise Ottesen-Jensen
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1886, in Høyland, Rogaland, Kingdom of Norway§!
Karl Kilbom
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1885, in Österbybruk, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Karin Boye
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1900, in Gothenburg, Västergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Per Albin Hansson
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 28th, 1885, in Kulladal, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Carl Lindhagen
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1860, in Stockholm, Södermanland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Nils Quensel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1894, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Carl Gustaf Ekman
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1872, in Munktorp, Västmanland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Ivar Andersson
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1891, in Kalmar, Småland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Carl August Ehrensvärd
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1892, in Karlskrona, Blekinge Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Helge Jung
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1886, in Malmö, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Axel Gyllenkrok
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1888, in Karlskrona, Blekinge Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Martin Ekström
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 6th, 1887, in By, Dalarna Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Gustaf Bernadotte
Gustaf V
§YBorn:§! §LJune 16th, 1858, in Drottningholm Palace, Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGustaf V Bernadotte was born in 1858 and was the crown-prince of Sweden and Norway from 1872. It is no wonder that he is a man of the old ways, as during his father's reign the King of Sweden acted both as head of state and head of government, with ministers held responsible only to him. However, just two years before Gustaf's ascension to the throne, in 1905 his father had been forced to accept a government chosen by the majority in Parliament.\n\nWhen Gustaf first took the throne in 1907 he also ended a Swedish tradition of roughly 700 years when he refused a coronation. As such, during his reign as a king, he never wore a crown. While at first ambivalent about the Swedish politicians he angered in February 1914, when the Swedish liberal government wanted to cut in military spending. After holding a speech condemning their actions, the liberal government stepped down and was replaced by civil servants appointed by Gustav himself. In the following 1917 elections the Liberals and Social democrats made heavy gains, but Gustaf still attempted installing a conservative government. However, they were unable to form a coalition and Gustaf realised he could no longer appoint governments of his own choosing. During the following reforms, he found himself forced to act upon his minister's advice, and not the other way around.§!
Gustaf Adolf Bernadotte
Gustaf VI Adolf
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1882, in Stockholm Palace, Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1906, in Stockholm Palace, Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
The Revolutionary Committee
§YFounded:§! §Lin Stockholm, Södermanland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFollowing the chaos that ensued the failed coup d'etat by the military against the social democratic government, a new Revolutionary Committee rules Sweden, until which point a more permanent leader is chosen.§!
Olof Thörnell
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1877, in Söderhamn, Hälsingland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Oscar Nygren
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1872, in Gävle, Gästrikland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Per Sylvan
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1875, in Malmö, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Archibald Douglas
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1883, in Stjärnorp, Östergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Axel Bredberg
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1884, in Jönköping, Småland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Axel Rappe
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1884, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Erik af Edholm
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1878, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Erik Testrup
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1878, in Landskrona, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Ernst af Klercker
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1881, in Kristianstad, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Folke Högberg
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 20th, 1884, in Helsingborg, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Harald Malmberg
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 26th, 1879, in Tryserum, Småland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Ivar Holmquist
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 22nd, 1879, in Helsingborg, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Nils Rosenblad
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1888, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Claës Lindsström
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1876, in Visby, Gotland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Fabian Tamm
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1879, in Film, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Gösta Ehrensvärd
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1885, in Skabersjö, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Gunnar Bjurner
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1882, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Harald Åkermark
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1873, in Gothenburg, Västergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Gösta Bagge
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1882, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Fritiof Domö
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1889, in Jönköping, Småland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Bertil Ohlin
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1899, in Klippan, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Tage Erlander
§YBorn:§! §LJune 13th, 1901, in Ransäter, Värmland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Zeth Höglund
§YBorn:§! §LApril 29th, 1884, in Örgryte, Västergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
John Andersson
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1886, in Masthugget, Västergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Ernst Wigforss
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1881, in Halmstad, Halland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Carlos Adlercreutz
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1890, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Sigurd Erixon
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1888, in Söderköping, Östergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Gustav Cassel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1866, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Karl Schlyter
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1879, in Karlskrona, Blekinge Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Per Edvin Sköld
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1891, in Svedala, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Elof Eriksson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 30th, 1883, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Marcus Wallenberg Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1899, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Eric von Rosen
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1879, in Stockholm, Uppland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Folke Fridell
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1904, in Lagan, Småland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Fredrik Ström
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1880, in Breared, Halland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Östen Undén
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 25th, 1886, in Karlstad, Värmland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Eric Virgin
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1876, in Skövde, Västergötland Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Torsten Friis
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1882, in Malmö St. Petri, Skåne Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Bengt Nordenskiöld
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1891, in Sundsvall, Medelpad Province, Kingdom of Sweden§!
Yngve Schoerner
Bo Lundberg
Albert Björkeson
