Montevideo Treaty
Revolution in Brazil
T-Class Submarines
ED
Esquerda Democrática\n§LThe labour movement in Brazil is small and incredibly fractured among regional and ideological lines. In an attempt to improve the livelihood of Brazilians, several moderate leaders have spent the past few years attempting to organise a broad, united left front to run for the elections and show the will of the proletariat in a democratic fashion. While the aptly named Democratic Left did have presidential candidates before 1936, those were of middling importance and appeal, and could not even gather support among major unions. It would take a major shake-up in the political landscape of the labour movement as a whole to allow the broad front to gain traction, but if such a feat could be achieved, it could be a credible threat to the predatory crony capitalists who currently hold power in Brazil.§!\n
PR
Partido Republicano\n§LThe new political order that arose from the war between the states is one almost entirely moulded by the Republican party and its members, who led the opposition to the federal government on that occasion. While not technically a party (since it's actually more akin to a federation of parties that exist on a state level) the high ranking members of the Republicans have nation-wide notoriety and wield equally immense political power. They have held this power in Brazil for a long time, due to the powerful men that support them. Figures anywhere from industrialists to plantation owners ensure that the voting tends more often than not to be in their favour. While things may yet change, these political elites are anything if not adaptable, and will always be considering ways to regain or maintain their power.§!\n
PPF
Partido Parlamentarista Federal\n§LWhile the concept of the Military taking control of Brazil may seem unrealistic to the average Brazilian, they have always been the primary power brokers since the fall of the empire. To keep its power, a transitional military government would have to be on the prowl for dissenters, while keeping a facade of democratic representation to gain legitimacy, especially after the immense chaos that would be necessary for such a state of affairs to come to be.§!\n
PR - C
Partido Republicano - Centralista\n§LWhile traditionally decentralised for decades, and even with major armed opposition against any kind of overt centralisation, a new kind of state is often purported to defend and maintain Brazil's sovereignty in the chaotic situation the world, where crisis and recession looms at every corner. Strong and bold leadership, with one man to be father of Brazil's poor and downtrodden; and to act with a firm hand against those who would do Brazil harm.§!\n
PPB
Partido Popular Brasileiro\n§LWhile traditionally decentralised for decades, and even with major armed opposition against any kind of overt centralisation, a new kind of state is often purported to defend and maintain Brazil's sovereignty in the chaotic situation the world, where crisis and recession looms at every corner. Strong and bold leadership, with one man to be father of Brazil's poor and downtrodden; and to act with a firm hand against those who would do Brazil harm. Such a man has arisen now in Getúlio Vargas, and a new kind of state is about to make its mark in Brazil.§!\n
AIB
Ação Integralista Brasileira\n§LIntegralism is a relatively young ideology in Brazil, imported mostly by Portuguese immigrants after the War of '27. A highly reactionary and nationalistic ideology, its Brazilian form is quite peculiar, for it preaches that the character of the nation is both Catholic and racially diverse, and as such faith and unity are Brazil's strength. It abhors democracy on principle, seeing it as weak, and the Republic as the reason for Brazil's fall from grace. While not openly monarchical at first, few doubt this aspect of their beliefs, considering the constant anti-republican rhetoric spouted by propaganda newspapers. The AIB, by far the most important integralist movement, is actually quite homogenous in nature, with especially large portions of its electorate being of colour, and even some 'revolutionary republicans' among its ranks. Most of its core leadership, influenced by Europe's political events, feel that a restoration of the Empire is the only way to restore Brazil's glory.§!\n
PL
Partido Liberal\n§LThe old political order that was dismantled in the war between the states was influenced by many who now are part of the Brazilian Liberal party. Like the more influential and powerful Republicans, the Liberals are closer to a federation of parties that exist at a state level than a proper organisation with a unified vision and set of proposals. The fall of the old party chiefs swayed the balance of power among liberals away from the traditional centres, and thus many of the notables in the party are from South or Northeastern areas of Brazil. In general, they lack the apparatus and personnel the Republicans have used to share their names and their candidates with the common folk, even if they do have many newspapers and intellectuals favouring their party. The ideological heterodoxy of the party is great, and the most common unifying factor is a belief in positivist and classical liberal ideals, but even those concepts are not universal among party members.§!\n
PLD
Partido Liberal Democráta\n§LThe most radical sections of the Liberal Party of Brazil are far less relevant in the current day and age, thanks to the already insignificant role of the Liberal party as a whole. Their socially and economically liberal viewpoints put them at odds with most of the common folk of Brazil, who are more focused on immediate solutions and issues than lofty ideals of equality. However, these men will not give up, and the time for Brazil to be a liberal democracy may yet come, where a man's worth is determined by his skill and talent, not station or birth.§!\n
CGT-FAB
Confederação Geral do Trabalho - Federação Anarquista Brasileira\n§LThe radical left in Brazil is extremely divided over minor nuances in ideology, and few can actually agree on what a Brazil ran by the workers would look like. The Brazilian Anarchist Federation and the Labour Confederation have in many ways attempted to remedy this by reconciling extremely disparate views under the banner of gaining better working conditions right now, rather than seeking utopia later. This simple goal grants it far larger adhesion than rival associations, and it enjoys relatively good membership in large cities like São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. Said large membership allows strikes to be powerful bargaining tools, and the frequent violent clashes have made the FAB and other socialist organisations associated with disorder and street battles in the public eye.§!\n
PSB
Partido Sindicalista Brasileiro\n§LBrazil's cultural and intellectual elites have long held highly francophile views and tastes, and the Revolution after the war certainly brought syndicalism to the forefront of most academic circles in Universities, bars and any other meeting places for these people. In time, press coverage and new literature help spread Syndicalism to several unions in Rio and other cities. Most of these orthodox syndicalists are either high ranking union figures or upper class intellectuals who seek to combat the extreme social inequality plaguing Brazil. The ideology's popularity is restricted, a consequence of its leadership's lack of political clout outside of labour circles. As of the late '30s they are a frequent target from far rightists who see them as foreign agents attempting to subvert the nation to become an atheist nation.§!\n
MMN
Movimento Maximalista Nacional\n§LMaximalism as a political doctrine in Brazil dates back to the first few meetings of socialists in the country, meetings that were held in Porto Alegre decades before the ED was born. Rejecting lofty ideas of peaceful transition, the movement has explicitly stated their goal of purging Brazil of its slavery-ridden capitalistic past and industrialising it into a better tomorrow, to ensure socialism can exist for future generations of Brazilians.§!\n
The strike is successfully dispersed
The strike ends in violence
Had the 1936 elections\n
The §cSocial Conservatives§! win, and will take power next month\n
The §lSocial Liberals§! win, and will take power next month\n
The §nNational Populists§! win, and will take power next month\n
The §SSocial Democrats§! win, and will take power next month\n
The §mMarket Liberals§! win, and will take power next month\n
A special election will be held in one month's time\n
All party support for left-leaning ideologies will be removed\n
Vargas will begin consolidating power in Brazil\n
Vargas's plan to expand his power in Brazil ends\n
Vargas's political clout is increased\n
Controls any Brazilian core state that is next to a neighbouring, controlled core state of ours
The Integralists will reach power
A Socialist Coup has occurred
The Autonomists emerge victorious
The Orthodox Syndicalists emerge victorious
The Maximalists emerge victorious
§YUniting the army under federal control is a deeply politically costly endeavour; consider your options wisely!§!
§GWe can boost the power of our reforms by progressing through our focus tree.§!
Once we have dealt with §HInflation§! all focuses in the §CHeavy Handed Development tree§! will be §Runavailable!§!
We have §Csecured control§! of the §HSupreme Court§! and the §HNational Congress§! and have §Rquelled popular dissent§!.
Getúlio Vargas will proceed to establish a §PCentralist Dictatorship§! but be warned, we will face §Rextreme opposition!§!
The event allows for choosing between weakening the §SSocial Democrats§!, the §lLiberals§! or the §nIntegralists§!.
§CAdaptation:§! $RIGHT|+=%%0$.
More than §H60%§! Militia Adaptation
More than §H80%§! Militia Adaptation
More than §H100%§! Militia Adaptation
§CCentralisation:§! $RIGHT|+=%%0$.
More than §H60%§! Militia Centralisation
More than §H80%§! Militia Centralisation
More than §H100%§! Militia Centralisation
§CCompleting all decisions in this category will grant us:§!
Royal Visit
Royal Marriage
Outcome of the Chilean Crisis
Outcome of the Chilean Crisis
CSN Investments
1936 Elections have happened
New State is in Effect
First Congress of Trade Unions was Held
Vargas' centralist efforts continue
Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional
Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro
Ultra
IMBEL
Taurus
Fábrica Nacional de Motores
Companhia Aeronáutica Paulista
Arsenal de Marinha do Rio de Janeiro
Estrada de Ferro Central do Brasil
Somua Brazil
Krupp Brazil
Focke-Wulf Brazil
Morane Saulnier Brazil
Curtiss-Wright Brazil
Electric Boat Brazil
Kaiser Shipyards Brazil
Election Year Tensions
Tensions rise as vastly different factions prepare for what will probably be the most violent and contentious election in the history of Brazil. Political talk is almost synonymous with heated arguments, and an air of ideological extremism looms over the nation's populace.
Extreme Decentralisation
The United States of Brazil has always prized the autonomy of its states. Each has its own president, its own political parties, and its own military, and the people have shown themselves willing to die for these regional rights. However, this does result in a very weak and toothless central government, which cannot act decisively when required.
Wake of the War
Few wounds take longer to heal than a civil war. The War Between the States left thousands dead, and many more orphaned and homeless, as the tensions between the political oligarchies and regional identities finally boiled over to the battlefield after troops from Minas Gerais trespassed into São Paulo. Any actions the central government tries to do are now viewed with immense distrust, and the sheer damage caused on the border between Rio and São Paulo has not yet been fully been repaired.
Forager Squads
Our troops need to have the capacity to strip the land of as much resources as they possibly can, for the logistics of supplying an army in Brazil demand that level of autonomy from our soldiers.
Battlefield Control
Manoeuvre Warfare
Fire Support
Brazil's combat trains are undergoing a modernisation and refitting effort, focusing on offensive support and firepower.
Securing the Way
Brazil's combat trains are undergoing a modernisation and refitting effort, focusing on offensive support and operational speed.
Federal Intervention Corps
The special forces of Brazil are a well trained lot, who spent years practising the art of war to defend their country against foreign invasion. Their numbers and mastery of terrain are certainly a factor to be examined by any would be invader.
Divided Military
Brazil's armed forces are, simply put, a ragtag group of 26 state militias, a so called 'Federal Army' in Rio de Janeiro, and its navy is pretty much the only arm of the military under actual federal chafing. These archaically organised forces have immensely differing quality in both training and equipment, and are simply unsuited to modern combat in any way whatsoever, especially if required to fight for a nation they feel little allegiance to.
Army Reformed
Unification of Air Force
New Generation of Pilots
Extended Reach
Brazilian Merchant Marine
Brazil has always been a nation of international trade, for its very name comes from its very first export, brazilwood. Our capacity to import goods is an important strategic factor, and expansion of the merchant marine is officially state sponsored.
Refited Ports
Stray Dogs
Stray Packs
Better Screens
Submarine Hunters
Mastery of the Sea
Shore Bombardment Coordination
Centres of Higher Learning
A great deal of funding is being diverted to increase the number of people in our country who complete college education. We hope to turn what was once a privilege into something that is accessible by all.
Native Protection Legislation
The first Brazilians are protected under harsh, but fair laws, and if they wish to live in isolation from the rest of the Empire, it's well within their rights to do so. Who are we to taint their noble and pure lifestyle?
Advisory Parliament
The parliament now has a simple advisory role, and the word of the monarch is final and absolute, the way it was always meant to be.
Curbed Provincial Power
The powers of the so-called states, little more than tools of the republicans to dismantle Brazil, have been properly dealt with. Brazil is one step closer to a government that works for its people.
Organic Rulership
A truly organic and decentralised state, properly representing the will of the people, is now a reality, as each city has more freedom than a syndicalist slave could conceive. God has truly blessed our Empire.
Imperial Greenguards
The Imperial Greenguards are more than resourceful and loyal; they are the first line of defence against both foreign spies and syndicalist lies.
Imperial Dragoons
We have restored both the traditions and the funding of the army's cavalry corps, and now these mighty defenders of the empire have the training and equipment they always deserved.
Syndicalism with Brazilian Characteristics
Brazil's unique history and culture means we can't just apply ideas thought for France and Britain, nor that we should be so rigid reading ownership of private property. Ideological orthodoxy can't get in the way of Brazilian progress!
Diminished State Clout
While certainly a difficult process, we are spending a great deal of effort diminishing the impact of the apparatus of state on people's lives.
Field Collectivisation
Farmland has largely been redistributed to local cooperatives both owned and operated by those who toil on the land. Individuals, however, are still allowed to possess the value that they add to the land.
Women of the Homefront
We must ensure that, in the event of wartime, the entire population of Brazil is ready to do its part, on and off the battlefields.
Large Scale Literacy Programme
Grand strikes are being taken in the herculean effort that is to ensure that every Brazilian, no matter where he lives, knows how to read and write.
Christian Socialist Support
Either you will hate the one and love the other, or you will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and money.
Large Scale Literacy Programme
Grand strikes are being taken in the herculean effort that is to ensure that every Brazilian, no matter where he lives, knows how to read and write.
Milicias Populares
The people's militias are the descendants of the state militias of the previous republic, and deal with both law enforcement and garrisoning activities.
Armas Brasileiras
The best defence against tyranny is to ensure that the people can arm themselves, as we are doing right now.
End Hunger
Eradicating hunger will not be by any measure something we can achieve in a few years. But we are doing immense strides towards that goal, and we may in a few short decades ensure that not a single Brazilian, no matter where he hails from, spends a day of his life wanting for food.
Marxist Education
Educating the people properly is perhaps the most important task of our state, especially the children, who must be taught from birth the values of Syndicalism.
Congress of Trade Unions
The Congress of Trade Unions is the new legislative body of the Union of Brazil, a shining example of worker's democracy for the world to see.
Congress of Trade Unions
The Congress of Trade Unions is the new legislative body of the Union of Brazil, a shining example of worker's democracy for the world to see.
Congress of Trade Unions
The Congress of Trade Unions is the new legislative body of the Union of Brazil, a shining example of worker's democracy for the world to see.
Marxist Higher Education
Our grand educational reforms now reach every level of teaching, with a new generation of intellectuals fast rising to bring us to the future.
Congress of Trade Unions
The Congress of Trade Unions is the new legislative body of the Union of Brazil, a shining example of worker's democracy for the world to see
Sanitarianism
The romanticisation of poverty and living in abjectly unhygienic places is a disgusting practice. The personal wishes of individuals most not take precedence to the needs of society, especially in matters of public health.
Union of Brazil
The Union of Brazil is the example of what a Syndicalist state should aspire to be. The chains were broken, replaced with books and bread, as the entire nation now lives an unprecedented era of peace and stability.
O Exército Vermelho
The Army of the Union of Brazil has been reformed and reorganised into the pinnacle of the will of the workers for a better future: The Red Army.
Clergy Support
Our clergy now fully support our new regime, for they know the alternative is to risk the souls of the people.
Foreign Intelligence Advisors
Without any allegiances or ties in the country, these foreign spies are perfect for the cold and necessary work of military intelligence. Worker's solidarity does come in many forms...
Weakened Congress
Powerless Congress
Departamento de Ordem Política e Social
The Department of Political and Social order makes the rounds in universities and other hotbeds of counter-revolutionary unrest, always ready to defend our grand principles.
Departamento de Ordem Política e Social
The Department of Political and Social Order, bolstered also by a specialised counter-espionage and intelligence department, makes the rounds in universities and other hotbeds of counter-revolutionary unrest, always ready to defend our grand principles and to prevent incidents before they happen.
State Propaganda
So much of the state press is propaganda now, that few can even be sure of what is news and what is pamphleteering.
Soft Approach
We are taking a soft approach towards the powerful industrial barons of the country.
Harsh Approach
We are taking a harsh approach towards the powerful industrial barons of the country.
Major Industrial Strike
American Refugees
As chaos and turmoil engulf the United States of America, many of its citizens come to Brazil in search of a better and safer life.
CSN Steel Mills
The National Steel Company brings the state great profits.
Industrial Transition
Black Monday Woes
The Black Monday crash hit our country hard. With the collapse of European credits institutions, our own investments in agriculture and industry have stopped completely. In the meanwhile demand for our goods crashed, and thousands are now unemployed or impoverished as a result. It will take a while to restore our economy.
German Investments
We have succeeded in attracting German capital for our industries. The rich industrialists of Germany are now investing hundreds of thousands of marks into our economy!
Entente Investments
We have succeeded in attracting Canadian capital for our industries. The rich industrialists of the former British Empire are now investing hundreds of thousands of dollars into our economy!
Minor Inflation
Medium Inflation
Major Inflation
Anti-Inflation Measures
Liberal Financial Reforms
The Liberal financials reforms aim to limit the barriers against free enterprise in Brazil and strengthen the regulating institutions facilitating the free market.
Coffee Tax Breaks
The coffee farmers are the backbone of our economy, the industry which pushes Brazil forward! It is only right to encourage them by cutting their taxes a bit and this will ensure a better recovery for our agriculture.
Laissez-Faire Policy
Republicano Political Reforms
The Republican party is both the founder and the custodian of the Second Republic. Prime pragmatics, they hold on to power by adapting both their policies and the laws behind them to suit the needs of the nation, both for its stability and its future development.
Popular Front Political Reforms
The Democratic Left's reforms aim to create a fairer Brazil, in which the workers shall live in peace. Worker's rights will be safeguarded, welfare will be guaranteed and regional powers will be respected.
Liberal Political Reforms
The Liberal party holds on closely to the positivist ideals upon which the United States of Brazil were founded. Order, in strengthening the federal government and preventing disputes between states, and Progress, by supporting the development and recovering economy of the nation
Liberal Democráta Political Reforms
The Liberal Democrats, more ideologically driven than most parties in Brazil, believe not only in a less powerful federal government, but in a less powerful government in each state as well, ensuring minimal meddling in the life of its citizens and its economy. The process of political reform towards that goal is arduous, but ongoing.
Rethinking Federalism
Everyone in the country agrees that Brazil's federal system doesn't work perfectly as it is. The decentralisation is dysfunctional and has already caused many conflicts that no one seeks to see again. It thus has to be rethought and reformed, so that it will not hinder Brazil's future anymore.
Empowered Federal Government
The powers given to regional states were too substantial. The many issues created by their exaggerated importance drained the attention and the resources of the federal government, and prevented the development of Brazil. With the federal government empowered we can focus on the future safely.
Consolidated Regional Power
The powers given to regional states weren't the problem in the system. In truth, the constant intervention of the state in regional affairs prevented the right development of the states along their own interests. Moreover, the common men will benefit from having their government the closest possible to them.
Rejuvenated Federal Bureaucracy
In truth, the problem of Brazil's federal system was neither the power given to the Federal Government nor the power given to the states. The compromise was workable and sensible, but it was never achieved successfully because of a clogged and inefficient bureaucracy, which put itself in the way of progress for all. After a year-long of work on the reform of the Brazilian administration, we can now say however that the future will be bright, because the rejuvenated federal system is here to last!
New Federalism
The Brazilian federal structure prevented the states and the Republic as a whole to reach progress and liberty. Thus, the federal system was reorganised along the lines of \
Constitutional Turmoil
Due to the immediate seizure of power and disregard for constitutional normalcy, our regime is currently suffering from political obstructionism and a lack of consolidation.
Consolidated Power
We are currently in the process of consolidating our power and returning to a sense of political normalcy.
New Electoral Policies
To shore up the Estado Novo, new electoral policies have been implemented, chief among them the use of 'electoral monitors' ostensibly to ensure fair results but in reality to extend our popularity.
New Constitutional Framework
Our power has been consolidated, a new constitution was written for the Estado Novo. Our regime is solid and will not falter to our enemies.
Lingering State Powers
While we have made an immediate power grab and centralised much of the state's apparatus, some areas remain under state control and the state's themselves continue to obstruct our regime.
Police State
As part of the Vargas reforms, we are drifting closer and closer to what has been termed a 'police state'. Interference by the security services increasingly permeates the peoples' lives and surveillance reaches all sectors of society.
Developmentalist Economics
As part of the Estado Novo's bold plans to industrialise Brazil, developmentalist and corporatist economic practices have been adopted.
Vocational Training
New vocational courses are helping train a new generation of technicians, engineers and skilled workers improving our industry.
Academic Subisidies
New academic courses are helping train a new generation of doctors, teachers and scientists improving our research capacity.
Federal Projects
As part of the new economic plan, President Vargas has engaged in various federal development projects.
The Brazilian Youth
As part of a massive popular campaign, Brazil's young are massively joining the Brazilian Youth to encourage national spirit. Though this has caused something of a tumult in the workforce.
Military Support
Via a mixture of concessions to the army and removing certain officers whose loyalty was lacking, we have solidified our support among the rank and file soldiers as well as those higher up the chain of command.
Media Propaganda
By utilising the media for propaganda purposes, we can ensure the populace remains compliant and strengthen our grip of daily life. He who controls the news, controls the people.
Black Monday's devastation upon our economy is on a colossal scale. We can do little but to weather the storm and attempt to make ends meet with our fast diminishing budget...
The new government has taken proper measures to deal with the crisis on our economy, and the worst is over. However, the damage is still done, an open wound on our markets, and further measures must be taken.
Brazil Focus Tree
Bridge the Brazilian Archipelago
To many of our military analysts and theorists, Brazil is akin to an archipelago, with cities and major centres being its islands. The vast, inaccessible unknown of the nation can greatly hinder our reaction speed to an invasion, but also may come to save it from invasion in the near future. What we need is a series of radio stations, for our army can always be ready act at a moment's notice!
Infantry Support Elements
While its often said an army marches on its stomach, it also marches on its bandages, its shovels, its radios, its boots, its belts and its buckles. Modern warfare's protracted campaign have vastly increased the need for support equipment and experts for infantry divisions, but to meet their rising needs, we need to focus our efforts on obtaining the basic tools needed for the training of said experts.
Logistic Battalions
An army is made of more than just guns and uniforms. Medics, engineers, officers and scouts are of vital importance, but their effectiveness is hindered by our sheer lack of equipment.
Battlefield Control
The United States, Brazil's closest partner in diplomacy and in trade, is unparalleled in its economic and naval strength, but also in its military, whose more modern outlook on war would far better fit our plans of army reform than the German Empire's brutish discipline, which is unlikely to ever be instilled in our loose army institutions. A focus on modernisation of equipment, artillery support and combined arms will ensure Brazil will have an edge over local rivals
Queen of the Battlefield
The biggest deficiency in terms of equipment all armies in our nation possess is a lack of proper artillery pieces, made with modern warfare in mind. Such a glaring fault would doubtlessly, and ruthlessly, exploited by the enemies of the nation, and as such, measures must be taken to remedy, be it with the acquisition of foreign models, or with the expansion of our own domestic production of pieces to more significant levels
New Model Artillery
All forces in an army must act in conjunction for a successful engagement, but proper usage of Artillery is much more than simply firing at the enemy's general direction. The army must be prepared and trained to use our cannons to maximum efficiency in a combat situation, regardless of previous doctrine, with a focus on objectives; Our nation cannot afford to waste shells, even if it has plenty of men, after all.
Off the Beaten Path
Artillery, especially the European models we have long used in our armed forces, are heavy, cumbersome pieces of equipment that expect flat, well maintained roads to keep their operational mobility at their highest. This, however, is not exactly the situation in most of Brazil, especially in the exceedingly rough terrain surrounding the federal capital. We must keep our artillery near the battlefield regardless of how unorthodox the methods used for that end.
Theory of War
No plan of battle survives contact with the enemy, however, few battles are successful without a plan behind it. In order to safeguard national security, the overarching doctrine of the National Army, until now varied on a commander to commander basis, must be organised and enforced from the top all the way to the operational level.
Renovate Armoured Trains
As the shadow of war looms over the entire world, even here in South America, we must be ready to not just repair and refit older combat locomotives, such as the ones dating from the years of the War, but also to purpose build new ones to ensure the safety of our major supply arteries linking the borders to the large cities of the Southeast.
Manoeuvre Warfare
It's only natural a significant portion of our army officers seek to model our nation's army after the German one, the so called 'Young Turks' of Brazil, and said officers have extensive contact with peers in Germany, including Brazilian liaisons. Following their advice and re-organising the army in a modern, disciplined fashion is a logical choice.
Fatherland Volunteers
Honouring the legacy of our army in its great history, the Fatherland Volunteers are more than a force raised from common Brazilians, but it is a symbol of their willingness to die for the nation and its freedom.
Forager Squads
When you lead a grand army, supplies are always a colossal issue. In order to aid in that endeavour, scouts and forager battalions will be trained specifically to gather food, in addition to some survival training to our troops so they can feed off the land.
Planning Staff
Our general staff will now have a hand in preparing every major operation our troops perform on the field. While some criticise this as an over-centralising move that could potentially diminish operational autonomy, we cannot simply assume every officer knows his Grand Strategy.
Strategic Battlelines
The age of pitched battles is long gone; now, operations occur on a strategic level, with fronts going for hundreds of kilometres as the battlelines of war extend themselves. We must ensure that our generals can think and plan in such a scale.
Unite the Army
Our army has traditionally been more decentralised than even the state itself, with local regiments and militias operating in a nearly independent fashion from each other. The civil war broke almost any semblance of federal authority over the army, and now our forces are truly a mess of commanders and officers. Serious steps must be taken to overcome this, no matter the political cost.
Military Science
Tanks, submarines, planes, radar; the battlefield is ever changing, especially in the interesting times we live in. We must ensure that our military not only gets up to date equipment, but also that our generals and admirals can keep up with this age of ever changing warfare.
Adapt State Militias into Hierarchy
While heterogeneous in efficiency, our militias have the same rankings and order of battle as the regular army does. Direct integration is possible and desirable, but we have to remember many still don't trust the Federal Government and such a move may be unpopular.
Joint Staff
Centralising the very top of the military hierarchy should be our utmost priority in our task to unify our armed forces. This will no doubt be a complicated process, but it's a necessary one.
Joint Exercises
Not only military exercises are not common, but they also most often feature just a few members of a given state militia practising a mock war against their fellow Brazilians. To create a sense of unity, these exercises must be reorganised to more productive and realistic outcomes.
Federal Intervention Corps
The forces of the federal government nominally don't exist, but this could be used to justify the creation of an elite force, the Federal Intervention Corps, as a national guard doubling as special forces. Naturally, we'll need to hand pick soldiers from every state for this endeavour.
Jungle Warfare
The vast jungle that runs through most of our coastline has massive military implications. Its mountainous terrain is too rugged and forested for usual land combat to occur. We must train special units to properly garrison and for effective counter operations if need be.
The Federal Army
The armies of states should be abolished formally, and as soon as possible; they are nothing but a scar reminding us of troubled and uncertain times.
Modern Army Corps Organisation
More than just being centralisation for its own sake, we need to end the fragmentation of the army to build proper, modern divisions based on the great armies of Europe.
Promote Innovators
Traditionally, officer positions were just tools of political bargaining or for those whose families could pay for one. But innovation and forward thinking must prevail if our army is to evolve, and ensuring promotions are based on merit is always easier said than done.
Stronger Together
Brazil's strength lies in its unity! We have not shattered like our neighbours into squabbling warring states, but we stood firm and united against the enemies of our great nation. This principle, too, will be true for our army.
Regionalist Recruiting Tactics
In a country as large as ours, convincing folks to fight for far away lands can always be complex, especially for those to whom cities are an abstract context. We will make sure to adapt our recruiting and propaganda efforts to each and every region possible, and ensure every soldier knows they are fighting for their families as much as they are fighting for Brazil.
Military Equipment Effort
Clothes, food, shoes, guns; if an infantryman needs something, chances are Brazil cannot supply that thing properly to its soldiers. Changing this sad state of affairs, while an admirable goal, will be expensive.
Brazilian Small Arms
In order to properly ensure our national security, we must ensure the capacity of our nation to produce armaments here, in Brazilian factories for Brazilian soldiers.
Automotive Expertise
Our nation has been producing automobiles for a while now, and we have the greatest such industry in the Southern Hemisphere. However, it's important to note that thus far this expertise has not been properly capitalised on by our regular forces. It's time to change that.
Project Tamoio
The tank changed the Weltkrieg, and the face of warfare, irreversibly. We need a steady supply of a home-made tanks if we want to not be behind our rivals in matters of modern warfare.
Artillery Renewal
Artillery is an extremely vital part of any modern military. Our models, outdated and overused, will certainly be no match for what the world has in store for us, hence the need for bigger, better guns!
Rocketry Projects
Long range rocketry is highly experimental, and as such, we expected our high command to be unmoved by the concept. However, they see the need for the capacity to strike back at our enemies in zones simply outside the reach of the air force.
Renew State Arsenals
While we do have several plants dedicated to production of military goods, many are more apt to produce museum replicas than proper military hardware. The need for new arsenals is urgent, we must act and quickly.
Military Industry Expansion
Our military industry is currently an industry first, and military second, with most manufacturers simply improvising plants for military use as the need for such material arises. Dedicated military industry is rare, and if we want to sustain it, it will require state backing to stay afloat in peacetime.
Fabrication Incentives
Perhaps one of the best way to make industrial manufacturers help our military production is to grant them substantial incentives to do so. While a change in line of business may be difficult for industrialists, especially since industrial material in Brazil is quite expensive to acquire in the first place, we are ready to spend the necessary funds and make them an offer they cannot refuse.
Military Engineering Advancements
More than just the capacity to produce equipment, we must ensure our forces can get said equipment, and that they do not lose it. Logistical concerns regarding our infrastructure must be solved as soon as possible.
The Needs of War
The need for resources is more than rhetoric, it's a fact of war. We must establish steps so that our army has all it needs, from food to cold steel.
Establish the FAB
The Brazilian Air Force, or FAB, must be organised as a single, centralised command structure, in order to keep the skies of Brazil safe and under her control.
Lessons of the Civil War
The limited air combat of the civil war did not give rise to aces or a developed military science on the matter, but it did create a generation of young officers who realised the immense value of air combat, and we will ensure they are prepared to lead our air force into glory in the skies.
Watching the Skies
We can't assume that we will control our airspace at all times, our lands are too vast and airports too scattered. To protect our cities and soldiers, we will ensure that our anti air capacity is on part to those of the most advanced systems of the sort in Europe.
Plano de Aeródromos
The vast dimensions of Brazil mean that its impossible to properly establish air superiority from only existing bases and airfields. A plan of expansion and establishment of new bases in strategic locations has been for a while now being discussed by officers of the newly organised FAB, and it'd not only greatly increase operational range, but also provide much needed work for people in remote areas, helping them recover from the lingering effects of the recent crisis.
DEDIPRA Initiative
While methods of detection via radio communications have been theoretically known for some time, military application is far from widespread, especially so in Brazil. Radio Detection and Ranging technology, acquired at great cost from other nations before Black Monday, will now be reverse engineered into our own devices in the DEDIPRA programme, ensuring we are capable of renewing and hopefully improving the system without foreign help.
Fighter Renewal
The most important aspect of aerial combat is to keep control of the skies, and make sure any of our planes is safe, and that our enemies on land are not. We will spare no effort so our fighters are the pride of the FAB.
Bombing Aircraft
The most important aspect of aerial combat is to damage targets on land, in order to have a tangible impact on the war on the ground. We will spare no effort so our bombers are the pride of the FAB.
Escola de Aviação Naval
The School of Naval Aviation has been at sad state of disrepair. Renew and redouble their funding, and ensure that foreign fleets cannot encroach on our home's coastline.
Establish Paratrooper Corps
In order to avoid costly stalemates on the front line, we must ensure that we are capable of dropping especially trained troops behind the main enemy lines to disrupt their forces. Such strategic potential cannot be underestimated.
Marinha do Brasil
The Brazilian Navy has long been the dominant force in the continent, and every time we expand it, our fearful rivals scurry towards their suppliers to attempt to catch up to us. The truth, as always, is that Brazil is simply more capable than our neighbours in every way.
Stray Dog Doctrine
We cannot hope to wrestle full control of the seas; we can, however, make sure to starve Argentina from the goods it so desperately needs.
Fleet in Being
We already have two capital ships and several powerful and modern ships; we not only could, but should, establish utter dominance over the South Atlantic, for even the great powers of the world do not have a presence in the region that can properly rival our might.
Naval Infrastructure Expansion
Our plans to keep expanding our navy were cut short by other budgetary priorities, but now war is coming and we must prepare our navy accordingly. Expansion of specialised facilities must happen.
Naval Variant Experiments
Sometimes, a few millimetres can make our guns gain the extra range they need to win a battle. Or that can make them explode. That's why the budget for these tests is so big!
Battleship Renewal
The Minas Gerais class would have performed well in the Weltkrieg, but that was decades ago; we need a proper, modern capital ship capable of sweeping all opposition aside!
Naval Dominance
Mastery of the seas is about more than having more tonnage, it's about how you use your capital ships in a proper way to ensure strategic goals are achieved.
Carrier Experiments
Air superiority is the key to naval supremacy in the modern day. In order to ensure that our battleships are well protected, we will start to build an aircraft carrier of our very own, the first of its type, to spearhead Brazil's mighty fleet.
Amphibious Warfare
Our capacity to attack across rivers and seas is currently limited at best. We must ensure that our special forces have the training it takes to make the impossible possible.
Submarine Prototypes
We will start production on Brazilian made submarines, to ensure that we can keep a campaign of asymmetrical naval warfare going on indefinitely, at least in theory.
Stray Packs
Small groups of submarines, or packs, will roam the South Atlantic for prey, quickly overwhelm the enemy and disappear in the deep; just as planned.
Submarine Modernisation
Submarine technology in Brazil has been so far to simply copy the technology in the models we bought recently; if we are to truly gain the upper hand in the long term, we have to advance on our own.
Modernised Screens
Our screen ships have a very vital function, and one that needs to be performed by state of the art ships. We have the technology to improve them, but we need the funding for it.
Cruiser Renewal
Our capacity to build cruisers is even more limited than other types of ships, and seen as secondary by some due to our recent purchases. However, we would do well to prepare to the next generation of Brazilian cruisers.
Submarine Hunter Squadrons
Destroying enemy submarines is more than just laying mines and patrolling the coastline, we must train our crews and improve our ships to achieve our goal of a safe Brazil.
Escola Superior da Marinha
We need more than armchair admirals if we are to defeat the navies of the powers that be. A school for only the best of the best will ensure our naval officers know what do, and when to do it, when the time finally comes.
Sovereign of the Seas
Brazil is a giant by its very nature, and our navy is supreme south of the Equator. Even the Kaiserliche Marine would be wary of the majesty and prowess of our glorious fleet, dominant over all others!
The Republican Government
The Republican party is less of an ideological grouping and more of an odd alliance of the so-called New Oligarchy in Brazil. Farmers, industrialists, officers and intellectuals hoping to steer the nation slowly, but surely, towards the future.
Public Works Projects
In Brazil, you rule by opening roads. And other pieces of infrastructure, things that the people can see and touch; it's a natural product of the years of empty promises faced by the people. If we want to hope for re-election, we need a magnum opus.
Moral & Civica
By ensuring that children across the country receive a proper Christian education, with religious classes and festivities, we can both please sectors of our society and ensure a better future for our future generations.
Promote Economic Nationalism
Buy Brazilian! Our dependence on foreign goods is part of the reason for the disastrous collapse of our economy after Black Monday. It is mad that Brazilian companies go bankrupt because of their loss in German buyers when even the Brazilians don't buy to them! We have to encourage the purchase of local goods as much as possible.
Crush Interstate Banditry
Bandits, terrorists and all kinds of miscreants have for too long taken advantage of the lack of proper federal law enforcement to evade justice. Close cooperation between often clashing oligarchs will be needed to end their rampage.
Industrialist Measures
Let us hear what our captains of industry suggest to deal with the current economic situation; after all, who would be more qualified?
Formalise State Power Boundaries
States within our union still have a significant amount of attrition between them. Many issues face legal limbos and impasses, and such disputes divert the government's attention from other matters. Thus, changing this is needed, albeit such an endeavour will be significantly hard.
The Grand National Accord
For many years now, Republican leadership has juggled local interests, powerful industrial moguls and military officers to keep stability and progress in Brazil. We have to keep this going.
Automotive Subsidies
Our friends in the automotive industry have long requested for tax breaks in their important and vital business, and we will oblige, for we desire nothing but the best for the nation.
Protectionist Economics
Our main idea towards what we see our future is to ensure our true independence from foreign powers. This is to be achieved via a method known as Import Substitution: we will gradually replace all imports with goods manufactured by Brazilians for Brazilians. An expensive and expansive endeavour, but one that will truly develop Brazil.
Protect Our Industry
In order for our programmes to succeed, we must protect our goods from disloyal foreign competition, ensuring our capacity to industrialise as planned.
Seek German Capital
The greatest superpower of the age, Germany, has many private individuals who know a good deal when they see one. Investing in our industry in its early stages will give the few adventurous folks who do it huge returns in the long run.
Regulate Imports
A vital step in our PSI programme is to protect Brazilian goods from competition of larger economies. In addition to tariffs, we will limit the amount of certain products that can be imported, to ensure that the people buy Brazilian goods.
Seek British Capital
While not exactly the greatest of nations, Canada is full of great men with great fortunes, itching for a chance to get richer. Investing in our industry in its early stages will give the few adventurous folks who do it huge returns in the long run.
Establish New Engineering Colleges
If we want our economic independence to be total, we have to stop relying on foreign specialists when building new projects. Why recruit Germans to build a bridge when Brazilians can do it? Why recruit Americans to build a new railway when Brazilians can do it as well? The first step towards this goal is to create and support new engineering colleges accessible to most.
O Petroleo é Nosso
Popular support for complete state control of oil has always been there, but it has in recent years skyrocketed to a massive public issue, especially due to the efforts of children's book author turned rabble rouser Monteiro Lobato. By abiding to what is now the demands of the public, we also ensure control over this vital asset of war.
The Democratic Left Government
The Democratic Left alliance is eclectic and decentralised, united only by the wishes for a better and fairer Brazil. Our government will be a balancing act, but one that must succeed if our homeland is to thrive.
The Workers' Rights Charter
For too long workers have lived at the mercy of their employers, with gruelling work shifts and lack of basic rights such as paid vacations. In order to change this, we must create new laws and override existing ones, and save Brazil's people from greedy interlopers. These laws shall be enshrined in a new charter.
Create a Welfare State
The poor of Brazil are unable to pay for a minimal health treatment while the rich oligarchs wonder how they could even spend all their money! We have to introduce a redistribution system, a welfare which would be more or less financed by every working individual in society and which would serve to pay for free minimal healthcare for everyone.
Support Market Cooperatives
In some factories in the country, the workers have taken over their factory themselves after their former boss left, and are now running it themselves together. Such successful experiences are inspiring for a new economic model. While not destroying the basis of a market economy, the workers should be encouraged to organise in cooperatives to manage their own factories.
The Left Front
Our alliance's vast differences in vision for Brazil have created many discussions, and often we cannot act in unison in parliament. If we seek to change that, we must take an effort to create a proper ED charter for our Left Front.
Heavy Handed Development
Sometimes, the invisible hand needs a light nudge in the right direction. This isn't one of those times, for the state must take greater rein over the economy!
Plano de Metas
We will set a grand strategic goal of industrialisation and economic build up; this so called Goals Plan will be our north that will guide all acts of economic policy.
Support Inter-State Projects
The wounds of the Civil War, both physical and mental, have yet to heal. The states distrust the central government as well as each other and the physical destruction has yet to be properly dealt with. By support inter-state projects we can prove that we will never repeat the mistakes of the Old Republic while fixing the damage.
Conquest of the West
Our infrastructure, much like our populace, is heavily concentrated in the coastline of the nation, leaving inland towns without proper connection to the world at large. Changing this would help bring development to these areas.
Taming the Sertão
The vast dry lands, the weary villagers, the small towns, the scorching sun. A reminder of another time, when Brazil was almost antonymous with progress. Time will wash away these images, after the trains start their routes and bring new industries to these lands.
Tackle Inflation
As predicted, our expansionist monetary policy has created an excess of currency on the market. In order to fix this situation before it escalates further, we will have to take some cautionary measures, and quickly so.
The Liberal Government
While to some a symbol of the Old Republic, the Liberals have little in common to the old marshals who ruled that. Their vision of a future based on republican and humanist ideas may not be shared by many Brazilians, but they will try to achieve it nonetheless.
Positivism
Positivism was the value on which the Brazilian Republic was founded, but that was forgotten as that Old Republic became mired by greed and military ambition. We will renew our commitment to a free and sovereign Brazil that is always progressing forward.
Humanist Ideals
The Rights of Man are a great value of Republicanism and that ever since the American and French revolutions of the 18th century. We will place ourselves in this tradition and let it guide our policies to ensure a dignified living for every Brazilian.
State Taxation Reforms
Too many taxes are kept at a federal level, a clear betrayal of the federal arrangement dating years now. We will ensure that each federal unity has enough income to properly sustain itself.
Restructure the Federal Bureaucracy
The problem with the Federal system is not one of a wrong delegation of power. No, the problem lies in its deeply inefficient and corrupt bureaucracy, which isn't able to support Brazil's path towards progress. We have to make great efforts to reform it, and rationalise the functioning of the Federal system.
Soften Regulations
Overly strict regulations over banks and other institutions, coupled with excessive taxation, are causing issues in these times of uncertainty. We must ensure our economy works smoothly.
Mining Grants
Brazil's vast mineral wealth is ours for the taking. All we need to do is to ensure our prospectors can properly tap into this immense wealth.
Local Tax Breaks
Several items of Brazilians' day to day lives have had their prices altered by the recent economic upheaval. By enacting tax breaks on certain day to day items, we will improve the situation of the country, first locally, and then nationally.
Limit Union Activities
We will ensure that unions are not only not mandatory, but also work towards ensuring they have a smaller participation in political matters, and adding restrictions to striking on vital services.
Strengthen Financial Institutions
Our government lacks many hallmarks of a proper modern economy, from macro-economic planning to basic currency control. If we are to improve our capacity to intervene when needed, we must ensure our tools to do so are properly sharpened.
The Liberal Democrat Government
The so-called Liberals in our nation have no idea what liberalism truly means; their simple opposing of the Republicans is their entire programme. It's high time for Brazil to truly abide by the principles of a free republic.
Coffee Tax Breaks
Our farmers and their noble efforts are what push Brazil's economy forwards. There is no time to waste on rescuing them from the last disastrous few years, for they are vital to our nation's future.
Curb Developmentalism
The concept that state intervention in the economy is the key to development is a folly born of highly unusual times of global instability. The only way a nation can truly become rich is by allowing free enterprises to flourish in a proper fashion.
Flexibilise Work Laws
The fixed laws set by previous administrations are too strict and encourage informal employment. We should modernise and flexibilise contracts with a modern, forward looking mindset.
Loosen Federal Fiscal Controls
As part of our laissez-faire economic approach, it has been proposed that we loosen various fiscal controls imposed at the federal level. While in the short-term it may see some minor dips in revenue, this will go a long way to reminding the states we seek to work with them, not against them.
State Level Fiscal Responsibility
The state governments have for too long spent far more than they gain, mostly in flashy displays of power by elites in form of pointless roadworks. To improve this situation, proper legal safeguards must be put in place.
Entice Foreign Intellectuals
Not only it is important to build up our academic capacity, we must also make sure that Brazil is attractive for foreign researchers and intellectuals. The world is full of well-known intellectuals who wish to flee persecution, or simply study in another country to expand their knowledge. It would be best if they would decide to come here and support our research.
Strict Protection of Liberties
We will not allow anti republican sentiment to rise again, but all non-treasonous thought can and should be heard, and all kinds of press should be respected.
Protect Banking Independence
The banks are the basis of the functioning of the liberal capitalist economy. Without credit, no one would be able to create a company or make any investment. The responsibility of the banks is to make sure to not give credits to anyone and everyone, and it is of great importance that they stay independent in that regard. Any encroachment on their good judgement could heavily destabilise the economy.
Garner Private Capital
By establishing joint ventures with our private sector, we can improve our nation's recovering economic situation
Embrace 'New Federalism'
Liberty and justice for all is the ultimate goal of all republics but Brazil has been mired in pursuing this goal by its unworkable federal structure. However, a new current has began to emerge in the form of 'New Federalism' where the federal government will grant funds to the states and simply leave them to do as they wish. By fostering a cooperative relationship, the administration will soon become more workable.
The Regency
The will of the people has been made manifest, and the Republic now has a President that will do what is needed to save Brazil from itself; Reorganise it back into an Empire!
Massive Rallies
The people's support for a restoration must be shown to all to see! We will rally our supporters across the country, pressuring those who still cast doubt on our popular support.
Ensuring Military Loyalty
Many in our military, sadly, harbour some republican sympathies. We will have to take steps to ensure that the transition to a new system of government goes smoothly.
Propaganda Efforts
The people of Brazil must be made aware of the factual benefits of dismantling the feeble republic, and we shall spare no expense in this endeavour.
Officialise Church Support
The clergy now stands fully behind us, and our efforts to make the nation everything that it's supposed to be. The new Brazil, with the blessing of Our Lady, will be one nation, under god.
Woo the Northern Coronéis
The Coronéis are simple, albeit influential, people. They can be bought for very little, and their loyalty is very valuable to the aspiring monarchy.
The Empire of Brazil
His Imperial Majesty Pedro III lies ready to receive his crown, as Brazil once again becomes what it was always meant to be, a monarchy. Only final preparations need to be taken, such as organising the coronation itself and restoring the palaces His Majesty will live in, and we can begin. The empire has come back to life, with its full power and might intact!
One Nation
The pedantic idea of the separation of the church from temporal power is nothing but proto-syndicalist drivel. The church is the heart and soul of our nation, from its inception to these dark times, and leave it outside the reconstruction projects is short-sighted at best, socialist at its worst!
Protect the First Brazilians
Our natives have long been under neglect of the Republic, even more than the rest of the country. Their villages and communities will be protected, and their lands properly safeguarded against the evils of the world; and they will also enjoy a degree of autonomy we hope to give to every city in the realm in the future.
Safeguard African Culture
The African people of Brazil have long been ignored by the republic; an unsurprising fact, considering how it was founded and maintained by former slave owners, who resented the monarchy for ending the cruel practice. Not only their gatherings and practices will be protected, but they will be encouraged by a state which actually cares for the silent majority of Brazilians.
Criminalise Racist Offences
The elites of Brazil have long lived sheltered and uncaring lives, luxuriating while mocking and ridiculing the less fortunate. These vultures, not content with merely enslaving good Christians, also believe themselves cut from a better cloth than the masses. None can be more equal than others in Brazil! Those who lack basic respect will face the might of Imperial law.
Healing the Chaos
A civil war deals much more serious wounds than those in bodies and buildings. It's the idea that the person beside you might be an enemy, the division and chaos caused by the so called 'democratic process'; all evils that will not be allowed to fester in the Empire of Brazil.
Corporate Power
We must ensure that our men of progress have the tools to continue to industrialise and enrich the nation, and work closer with them to achieve economic prosperity.
Purge the Spectre
A spectre is haunting the world, the spectre of syndicalism. Thankfully, such ill spirits all fear the Cross and what it stands: truth, justice and the Brazilian way of life.
Christian Trade Unions
While we have taken the much needed measures to combat Syndicalism, we should not forbid our workers to associate themselves in trade unions, for we as a society must foster good relations with our brothers of trade. However, they will no longer be cults of Marx, but rather places where the soul can find peace.
Heroic Cult
The great men and women of Brazil's history have been brushed aside by the Republicans, who, in their delusion, picked Tiradentes, a slave master, to be their hero.
National Culture
Brazil has always been culturally diverse, with hundreds upon hundreds of local traditions, festivals and dialects. We will foster a greater level of exchange and raise these traditions where they belong, at the forefront, and ignore the Marxists who insist that popular traditions should be replaced by whatever passes for culture in France this week.
Direct Imperial Prerogatives
Many actions, directives and decrees will now be something under the direct chafing of our wise monarch, as to ensure that His Imperial Majesty can intervene in any matters of importance he believes vital for Brazil.
Curb State Powers
The states in Brazil, as they existed in the republic, were heirs of the alliance of cruel oligarchs who led the coup against the Empire. Pedro II, in his wish for harmony, did not stand his ground against them. We will not make the same mistake, and we will show these local lords the true might of the Empire!
True Education
For decades, the so-called intellectuals of the Republic have been polluting school books with propaganda, fake histories, and slander against the Imperial House. We must not allow this farce to go on for any longer; these pseudo-Marxist books shall all be put where they belong: away from schools.
Brazilian Youth League
Kids these days have no sense of responsibility and duty; naturally due to all the liberal drivel taught to them at schools, and in some cases even by their parents! In order to fix this sad state of affairs, Brazil will have a youth organisation promoting true values to our youngest, so that everyone lives full and good lives.
True Municipalism
Brazil needs true decentralisation, and not just in trivial matters. The crux of our plan for Brazil is for every city, town and farm to protect what's theirs, and manage what's theirs, and for every Brazilian to live his life with God and his family.
Imperial Greenguards
Many of our young have been for a while helping the people through charities, soup kitchens, and dismantling syndicalist roadblocks and other rabbles. These fine young men should not only be celebrated, but their organisation will be brought closer to the state, and the Greenshirts will be truly Brazil's greatest and proudest organisation.
Renew Title Grants
In the time of the Empire, we had many dukes, counts and other nobles, who by their own merit acquired the titles, only for them to be abolished by jealous republicans. By reinstating existing titles and making new ones, we will continue to foster a nobility in this Antarctic Empire.
Sponsor Popular Festivities
Brazil's people have a rich and colourful tradition of festivities and celebrations. Some, like Carnival and the festivities of Saint John, are old, while others, like the great football matches, much newer. The state should be concerned about the well being and happiness of all citizens, and thus we will invest heavily in the entertainment of Brazilians, the happiest people on Earth.
The Organic Empire
An Organic Empire is so called because it works like a body; every cell has a life of its own, each vital for the nation and a part of it nonetheless. In order to keep the body healthy, it must have a good diet, and instantly treat any diseases, and any cells that malfunction...
Imperial Dragoons
The Imperial Honour Guard, long forgotten to time, and other parts of our grand equestrian traditions will be restored to its proper place in our national history and military. Brazil's terrain always was more suited for horses than cars, after all.
Holy Struggle
An army led and protected by our Holy Cross cannot be beaten! Destroy the Internationale, God wills it!
Imperial Splendour
The glory of the empire compared to the feeble republic is like comparing the sun to a candle. The pathetic attempts of the bourgeoisie to inspire awe on the people fell flat, and no one respected the republic's symbols. This will not be the case with the Empire, ever!
Imperial Tenacity
The monarchy fell in the last century without a shot fired. We will not, under any circumstances whatsoever, allow this to happen again. To topple our empire, the foul syndicalists will have to hunt down every last Royal Guard!
Safeguard the Guarani Peoples
The brave folk of the Paraguay have long been chafing under cruel leadership who seek only to bring them destruction. In order to properly protect their lands and culture, we will intervene and restore order in that state, purging the Syndicalists and Liberals festering there.
Cisplatina
Uruguay have in the time since their revolt created an identity of nationhood, that while inorganic will take much time to dissolve. We should, however, safeguard the Brazilian control of the South Atlantic by occupying the Oriental Republic by force, as a precaution against Argentinian aggression.
Rescue the Mapuche Peoples
For decades, the Mapuche natives of Chile and Argentina have suffered under brutal occupation and land theft. Helping them recover should be our utmost priority.
The Estado Novo
Thanks to Vargas' reforms, a new state has cemented itself as the protector and guardian of Brazil. No longer will the inefficiencies plague our state, as Brazil will be led with strength towards a better future.
Political Centralisation
It is impossible to take sensible decisions and lead country-wide plans if the states keep intervening and preventing federal initiatives. The state needs to be centralised and the power of the states weakened, or Brazil will never achieve modernity.
Curb State Powers
The states that have long existed in the Republic serve only one purpose: to weaken it! They keep the people under chains, as feudal lords in all but name and escape federal scrutiny. Their autonomy needs to be rescinded, it is the states that obey the government, and not the contrary. Brazil must come first!
Plan Cohen
Our raid in an AIB headquarter led to a perplexing discovery. It seems the far-right party had access to a secret document, detailing how several key officers and public figures were planning to start a Syndicalist coup! It is our luck that we found this document before the plan could be executed. We now have irrefutable proof of their betrayal, and it isn't the doubts about the veracity of the document that will protect them from suffering Brazil's wrath!
Defang Opposition Parties
The plan in the Estado Novo is of course not to establish a dictatorship! There is no reason to forbid the existence of opposition parties and their participation in elections. We should however ensure that any party capable of participating is kept safely on our payroll...
Expand the CDN
Despite our best efforts at rooting out the dangers against Brazil, the enemy is still everywhere. In this huge country they could be hiding anywhere: in a poor district of Rio, lost in the Mato Grosso, deep in the Amazon forest... To lead the enormous task of finally defeating the enemies of the people we have to expand the funds and scope of the Conselho de Defesa Nacional.
Adopt Developmentalism
One of the goals of the Estado Novo is to lead the industrial development of Brazil, coupled with an ambitious infrastructure and urban project. With the development of modern industry in the largest cities of the country, Brazil will enter modernity and takes its legitimate place in the nations of the world.
Creation of the CLT
The Consolidação das Leis do Trabalho (Consolidation of the Laws of Labour) is the official regrouping in a single document of all the new labour legislations passed in the recent year. Our CLT isn't only a regrouping work however, as we will also give the workers many new rights they rightfully deserve. The Estado Novo serves the poor men of Brazil first and foremost!
Promote Vocational Studies
It is useless for every kid to know what Plato wrote or where in the world is Khiva. To ensure a better future for our country, what we need is to form workers and engineers, plumbers, electricians, clerks, officers. This will ensure the excellent formation of our workers and encourage our industrialisation drive.
New Educational Directives
The current system of education is not bad, but is extremely biased. It is riddled with syndicalist studies, and promotions of the enemies of the Brazilian state. It is however important for every citizen to know our history! The official curriculum will thus change to explain to every kid the terrible situation Brazil found itself in, and how President Vargas saved the country by modernising it.
Work with Business Leaders
The Estado Novo serves the poor Brazilian men, but it isn't to say it should ignore the captains of industry who serve the development of our country! Some of these brilliant men showed their support for the new regime and claimed to want to work with us to create new industrial projects. We will gladly give them our support.
Public Infrastructure Works
Reducing unemployment must be a priority for the economy of the nation. By financing great infrastructure projects we will hit two birds with one stone, the unemployed workers will be able to get work again, and the decaying infrastructure of our country will be rebuilt and expanded to serve our grandiose purposes.
Support Coffee Oligarchs
The coffee industry is the oldest and richest agricultural industry active in our country. Being the leading force of the Brazilian economy, it has however suffered of the Black Monday crisis. They need our support to survive and not endanger the success of our policies.
Modern Urban Planning
With the rapid industrialisation of our cities an important rural exodus of former peasants coming to fill the new jobs offered in the factories. This massive influx of people forces our cities to adapt to provide them housing, services, and a ride to work. We will encourage a new, and modern, development of urban planning.
Consolidate the New Administration
Getulio Vargas succeeded in taking power, the role of the President has already been reinforced and our enemies have not opposed any resistance to our moves. However, we need to make sure that when our momentum ends, our regime will be consolidated enough that it will never be possible to overthrow the Estado Novo.
Introduce New Police Regulations
Too many regulations are burdening the state police. They have to show a good reason to arrest anyone, they can't beat up whoever they like, they have to answer to the justice... This overload of rules is insufferable to our policemen and prevents them from doing their jobs: rooting out the traitors of the people! It is desirable that these regulations be changed to give more freedom to the police, and more control over the suspects.
Election Monitors
This large and populous country, victim of corruption and corporate interests, is particularly at risk of electoral fraud. Against this danger undermining democracy we will place an agent of the state in every voting stations to ensure the vote takes place correctly. It is an added advantage if this agent can encourage citizens to vote the right way, for the good of the Republic.
Guarantee Military Loyalty
The military of our country, dedicated to the protection of the nation, is a force to be reckoned with as proved the latest War Between the States. It is in our best interest to ensure that they support the regime.
Draft a New Constitution
It's now been more than enough time for our regime to consolidate. The opposition papers have fallen silent, as well as the jokers in the Assembly and the Supreme Court. Everyone understood that the path we have taken is unavoidable and of the utmost necessity for the future of Brazil. It is now time to ratify this new order for the years to come by creating a new constitution, adapted to the Estado Novo.
Extend Executive Authority
In the new constitution, the President will have a foremost place. Directly elected by the people, his legitimacy will be unquestionable and thus his power must be the greatest. It is nonsensical than the man elected by the people of Brazil should be stopped by parliamentary disputes!
Limit Dangerous Activities
Security is the first liberty, and sadly we still can't guarantee a perfect security for every Brazilian citizen yet. We thus have to take action and actively prevent the organisation of forces threatening Brazil and the Estado Novo. Civil liberties are guaranteed, but is no excuse to use them for subversive means!
A Voz do Brasil
In order to better educate and inform the people of Brazil on the ongoings of the nation, we will establish a radio show in which the state can properly and directly communicate with the people. Na Guanabara, 19 horas.
Expand Cinédia Studio
The Cinédia studio was founded in Rio de Janeiro in 1930, is it the glory of Brazilian cinema, importing the newest techniques to produce popular dramas for the Brazilian public. While well, loved the studio remains however quite traditional in its functioning. The studio needs to be modernised and expanded, with the help of state funds, to build a large studio worthy of the New Brazil and capable of producing several movies per year!
The Coup
After the serious attack on the people's will that transpired today, a counter-revolution occurred: The people, in one united voice with the army, refused the coup ringleader's calls for legitimacy. Their intimidation and divisive tactics did not save them, and now capitalism in Brazil has its days numbered!
Autonomistas
'Autonomists are better defined by what they are not than by what they are.
Rehabilitate Officer Corps
Capitalism was built on the shoulders of the workers. Many were simply too scared or too weak to rise against their masters. Are these poor pawns of the reactionaries to pay for mistakes they very clearly regret? Are we to punish those who simply were protecting their family?
Brazil's Own Socialism
Brazil's unique history and culture means we can't just apply ideas thought for France and Britain, nor that we should be so rigid reading ownership of private property. Ideological orthodoxy can't get in the way of Brazilian progress!
Shrink the State
The state in Brazil has always been a tool of oppression and centralisation above all else.
End Integralism
Integralism, perhaps the most deranged doctrine known, twists faith to enslave the mind, and seeks to restore monarchies and tyrannies! We cannot allow those who seek to put us in chains to freely roam as if they were innocent!
Stabilisation
The traumatic process of crisis that led us here is most certainly worrisome. We must take a while and simply calm the administrators, and more importantly, the people; the new Brazil is not the end, but a new beginning.
End Banks
Banks are much like castles; by-products of a previous age of progress, that are simply not needed in a modern and socialist society.
Field Collectivisation
Reorganise all arable land into peasant-headed cooperatives in Brazil is no small endeavour, but it's the ultimate goal of the revolution.
Industrial Collectivisation
Our industries and factories are currently owned by corrupted crooks, who ran away from the country as soon as we took power, their factories abandoned. We need to restart them and get to work!
Worker Women
Emancipation of women and rejection of reactionary gender roles will take decades, but we can start now with several steps; chief among them is to allow women to work in our industries, and incentivise that so that every Brazilian is truly a part of the nation.
Educate the Masses
Literacy has never been high on Brazil, and ours was never a nation where the people thought for themselves; as this was by design by the kleptocrats who ran the country then. No more! Our people must know to read if they want to be a part of the future that now lays ahead of us.
Aid the Poor
We have more urgent tasks than bringing jobs to all; we need to save the people! Starving and at the margin of society, the countless poor in Brazil's cities have been forgotten and swept under the rug for far too long. We will assist them in any way possible.
Christian Values
Brazil has always been a land of deeply religious people, and to voice the will of the people is to share in the ideals of charity Our Saviour always defended; for one cannot serve both money and God.
True Equality
Our greatest values in this nation are those of friendliness and compassion, for we would always welcome new people and ideas. As socialism begins in Brazil, we will uphold these values more truly than every before, and every man will be defined by his own merits, not property.
Moving Teachers
Bringing education to the far reaches of the nation is no simple task, but we shall endeavour to do it nonetheless, utilising tailor made mobile schools via land and water ways alike.
People's Militia
Many worker's militias were formed into the war, and some were disbanded soon after. Their experience in the battlefield is invaluable, and thus we will summon some of their leaders to keep training our army.
People's Arms
We must ensure that the workers can defend themselves. As Marx and many other leading thinkers agreed, an unarmed populace is vulnerable to tyranny and worse, and thus we must ensure that we can reach self-sufficiency is that matter, as well.
End Hunger
For centuries Brazil has endured seasonal hunger in areas and scale larger than entire countries in Europe. To remedy this, a vast plan will be put in place to ensure that the number of starving workers reaches zero once and for all.
One People
Uniting Brazil is now our goal; building roads, railways, and tunnels, and reinforce that we are united and equal in our diversity.
Ortodoxos
Between poets, journalists, artists, and intellectuals, the shining beacon that the Internationale represented only added to their already strong francophilia. While not the most widespread ideology among the common people of Brazil, Syndicalism gained ground among military men, and intellectuals, and this is why they are now in a position to finally defend the workers of Brazil from foreign imperialism.
Marxist Curriculum
A full overhaul of the Brazilian curriculum, based on what is the most modern teaching methods in France, is to be implemented as soon as possible. From a young age, we will dispel the ghosts and lies from the minds of children and secure our future.
The Congress of Trade Unions
The old capitalist constitution still stands, a living offence to the workers who bled for freedom. Let us honour their sacrifice and draft a new constitution which properly takes all Brazilians as equals, and set the stage for true democracy.
Deal with the Coronéis
Forever a force against progress, the Coronéis of the northeast will stop at nothing to retain their position of rulers of that region. Time to remind them what the will of the people really is!
Rally the Tenentes
The many low-ranking officers who have historically fought for the rights of the workers will now have a forefront role in maintaining the revolution, especially considering the ever present danger reactionaries present. We must enlist their support.
Disband Parliament
Instead of the old capitalist parliament, we will have a yearly congress of trade unions, which will decide a great many questions of the nation, and the voice of the people will be truly heard at last.
Red Industrialisation
We must ensure that Brazil leaves its feudal past behind and moves forward, towards a bright and industrious future for the workers, by the workers.
Red Army
The army needed a shake up before the coup, for it was filled with cronies of foreign corporations. Now, more than ever, we must make sure that only those loyal to Brazil and its people are in charge of the defence of the fatherland. Fifth columnists will be ratted out.
Deal with Reactionaries
Around us, the traitors lurk. They wait a moment of weakness to strike. There is nothing more they want than us to be meek and indecisive in our resolve. Round them and arrest them, for they must know what happens to those who attempt to stall the march of history.
Red Army Arsenals
Our grand army needs to be well supplied, by products made by the proletarian heroes of the Homefront! We will never allow our revolution to be endangered!
Traitors of the Revolution
Perhaps even lower than capitalists, who at least are honest on their intentions, the foul totalists who constantly try to undermine our every effort are truly traitors of the revolution, ambitious snakes who above all else desire power. They cannot be trusted, and should not be heard.
Modernist Triumph
What was once called a small clique of intellectuals now is at the helm of the nation, culturally and in many ways politically. Whether in the arts or in politics, it seems no aspect of Brazilian life cannot be affected by modernist philosophy.
Local Union Congresses
A key point of Syndicalism, and a part of what makes it a true democracy, is that it seeks to truly bring the will of everyone into motion, a state for the workers. By ensuring more localised administration, we will ensure that Brazil's longstanding over-centralisation issues finally come to an end.
Reorganise Universities
Brazil has a plethora of respected universities, but most of them are run by the church, or simply teach skills pointless in our new society. We will change that and ensure that the new intellectuals in Brazil know right from wrong.
Integrate the Nation
Many Brazilians still live in pockets of savage life, living in a simple communal life. However, for the greater good, all Brazilians must understand and do their part for the nation and the people.
Propaganda Offensive
The people of Brazil, uneducated and starving, have no idea how better their lives will become when the revolution's potential is fully realised. Let us change that and let all be aware of the golden age that dawns!
Cement Congressional Authority
The Congress of Trade Unions have for a while now been the main authority in most matters of state, but they still lack many powers which they need to change the nation. We will wash away the last remnants of the bourgeois government once and for all.
Brazilian Consciousness
The people of Brazil have engaged in class warfare since the very first slave revolt. From Zumbi to the modern day, every single hero will be given the proper respect, and history about Brazil will be properly recorded as one of revolutionary struggle.
Female Pioneers
We must ensure that women are allowed into military service; and to spearhead this programme we will ensure that our ladies will soar through the skies to the defend the people below!
Roads of the Future
Connecting people is also one of our goals, as is to ensure that Brazil no longer relies on dirt roads and rugged paths as the capitalists would have wanted!
Sanitary Measures
The uneducated and unwashed masses live in squalor. We can no longer ignore this situation, and we must ignore the cries of those capitalists who try to stand in the way of progress. Starting with a serious vaccination campaign, followed by through urban replanning, cortiços and other stains of capitalism must be eradicated.
Union of Brazil
At last, we can claim Brazil is no longer a country with a bright future; we are living in a bright future! The significant improvements we have led in the nation are only denied by those who deny logic itself, for Brazil has left its feudalised nobility behind and now marches to the drum of the rest of the world!
The First Maximalist Move
Only a Maximalist dictatorship of the proletariat can keep Brazil truly safe from the gnawing claws of Imperialism. We must act quickly and decisively if the revolution is to survive!
Destroy Reactionary Symbols
Green and yellow are colours of royal houses of Europe. They have nothing to do with Brazil, or its people. Stars and blue skies are nothing but lies to feed the gullible, that by looking up they'll reach the upper classes.
Obligatory Party Membership
Every Brazilian needs to take part in the selection of members for our future party and country. However, Brazilians may need often a slight push to come to the polls, but the advantages gated behind party membership will be too great to ignore.
Coerce the Clergy
The clergy ignorantly accuses us of being atheists. None have more faith than us! The church will be made to support us, otherwise who knows what kind of unsavoury elements might retaliate against them!
Begin the Maximariat
As of the signing if this declaration, the United States of Brazil are permanently turned into the Union of Brazil. The maximalist principles of Marxism will be upheld here, and we will steer the nation towards Socialism with responsibility and fairness.
People's Commissars
The people must know that every action can be important for the greater good of the nation. Even small talk can damage the morale.
Department of Political and Social Order
We shall establish a special department of the government to root out all traitors and unpatriotic elements trying to undermine our great liberating revolution
Foreign Analysts
With the help of foreign and loyal helpers of the Revolution, we can ensure our intelligence officers are up to date in the ultimate forms of information detection and extraction, to protect the people from dangerous ideas and individuals.
Department of Intelligence Operations
We will now have a specialised counter espionage and intelligence department, to ensure internal safety and stability and to disrupt counter-revolutionary terrorism before it happens.
Planned Industrialisation
Brazil must come to the modern age, by force. We will drag it if need be, no matter the cost, all planned for the betterment of all.
Economic Miracle
Our policies have been surprisingly effective when it comes to industrialisation, even to ourselves! Capitalist fools claim we are only taking advantage of external factors, but we know a miracle of progress when we see one!
Industrial Production Quotas
Our industries are now established, but they can do more for us; no slacking off!
Urbanisation Goals
Brazil cannot advance while millions languish in farms doing pointless work. We will encourage urbanisation to improve the situation of all, in a naturally ordered and planned fashion.
To the Mines
Many mineral deposits in Brazil remain severely untapped and its mines undermanned. Many of our jails have many under rehabilitation that need to make themselves useful. We can fix both of these problems.
Infrastructure Effort
The revolution must reach all of Brazil! We will connect every nook and cranny of the nation with glorious railways, and the world will marvel at Brazil's march towards progress and Socialism.
Expand the People's Mines
More vast deposits of mineral wealth have been found! The workers of Brazil rejoice at such a marvellous discovery, as we are for sure to use all men and women available to exploit this wealth.
Trans-Amazonian Railway
Implementing an effective railway across the Amazon jungle to link Manaus and other cities to the rest of the nation has always been a dream for Brazil. But now, we must act on these old plans if our country is to move forward.
Trade Union Congress Centralisation
The Congress of Trade Unions was called in a quite hateful and wasteful fashion, simply to steer the country down the path of true revolution. Now, we will ensure it permanently replaces the parliament, and that it can only work for the betterment of our great nation.
Cult of Personality
Our great leaders not only deserve recognition; they deserve absolute and utter loyalty in all ways.
Powerless Congress
The Congress of Trade Unions should not fall under the facade of bourgeois democracy, lest the people will forever stay unrepresented by their government. Instead, they will legislate minor regards and help allocation of funds within the state, to smoothen the rule of law.
Advisory Council
We shall establish an inner council, from members of the Congress of Trade Unions, to perform advisory and supplementary tasks to our glorious chairman.
Propaganda Broadcasts
Brazil's people have long been fed lies about us, and what the government seeks for the country. We must ensure that, at all times, folk know how much we sacrifice and fight for Brazil.
Clear Succession
In order to ensure an orderly transition after the time of our Chairman ends, we will institute a proper protocol, that in no way is an agreement between generals and officers to appoint their favoured candidate.
Love It or Leave It
Brazil is the greatest country on earth, and our great and wise leaders have spared no effort in making sure of that fact. To those who disagree, the door to the street is at your service.
Needs of War
Our nation, whose size rivals that of continents by itself, has vast natural resources that could turn the tide of not only wars, but our nation's history.
Army Reform
If there is one lesson to be learned from the events of 1927, is that the backlash from attempting to infringe in the military and administrative autonomy of states is instant and quite extreme. Command and operational centralisation does not, necessarily, imply a complete foregoing of existing military structure; after all, the victorious German army worked with several different armies of its constituent states under its national armed forces.\n\n§GCentralisation§!: [?BRA_reform_soft|0+%%]
Army Reform
An army without cohesion is little more than a collection of armed people. Brazil cannot be held back by antiquated notions of decentralised military command; dissolving the antiquated, past century hierarchy of the state armies and militias will not be an easy task, especially so as those in cushy, pointless administrative and officer jobs will suddenly see their lazy career paths at risk, and the soldiers themselves might resent such direct meddling from the top, as they naturally tend to do. However, there is little time to act; Brazil's enemies amass at its borders, and we must be ready, no matter the price.\n\n§GCentralisation§!: [?BRA_reform_hard|0+%%]
The New Army
There is no need for such antiquated, armed mobs in the service of greedy oligarchs in the new Brazil we are working so hard to build. The absurdity of having states within a state weakens and divides the nation, and as such, we will end the charade once and for all. The corrupt leadership who has long gained much ill gotten wealth from this arrangement will naturally lash out; and we must meet them in force and show our resolve. Their wickedness must be stamped out!
Navy Expansion
The Brazilian Navy is currently underfunded, and while ships get built, repairs and refits progress at a snails pace, and docking space is hard to come by. This must not stand, we need to build dockyards, and naval bases all around the country so that the South Atlantic remains our domain.
The Rubber Army
Many in Brazil need jobs. Many in Brazil wish only the best for our country. Let us enlist civilians to collect rubber in the deepest jungles of Acre and Amazons, something that can greatly help our war effort, for even if we have no use for it, we can sell it to the highest bidder, for Germany's control of the Kongo and Malaya ensure a vast market is available.
The Oil Wells of Lobato
We found it! Finally, oil was discovered on Brazilian soil. It's going to be a costly endeavour, but the strategic value of having our very own oil wells cannot be understated.
Establish the CSN
The Compania Siderugica Nacional will grant us with much needed steel for our arms industry. Establishing it will require foreign expertise and a great deal of effort, however.
Chromium Mining
The so called chromium ore is simply untapped in Brazil, and for its reserves would require immense effort to mine for very little gain. However, the situation demands it, and we must ensure that we have these ores under our control no matter the cost.
Dealing with the Mineiro leadership
The traditionally powerful oligarchs of Minas Gerais had a difficult decade, in between wars and a steep loss of prestige nationally, and of course the break up of their power-sharing agreement with São Paulo. Their resentment towards the new federal government is palpable, and their weakened position makes them weary of parting with any of their remaining power. Gathering support for our reforms in the area will be a difficult and troublesome process; the cost of peace, for if we push too hard, too fast, all our efforts to this end might be in vain.
Dealing with the Gaúcho leadership
The political culture of Rio Grande do Sul has long been too closely related with the military to be dealt with forcibly without serious reprisals. Time and time again centralisation attempts have been violently fought against in the state, turning what should be our first line of defence against our enemies into a battleground. Our actions in the region must be deliberate and cautious, but perhaps the best way to convince them is to simply bring the major local to our figures, and paint the reforms as other states contributing for the defence of the South, rather than the other way around, at least for the locals.
Dealing with the Northeastern leadership
In the northeast of Brazil, the state armies have less strength individually, but all generally tend to act in unison, as seen in 1927, according to local interests. In order to make them act against such interests, a strategy of division between the numerous states will be necessary; such political manouvering is costly and time consuming, but it's far better than any violent alternative of rupture with constitutional order.
Dealing with the Paulista leadership
Paulista leaders often see themselves as the locomotive that carries the rest of Brazil as its burden; they value constitutional order and the status quo São Paulo fought so hard to protect quite a bit. Thankfully, as the most recent overtures towards reform have the tacit support of many industrialists from the state, eager to secure stability and safety from a perceived Socialist threat, the task of convincing the traditional leadership of the state, the bureaucrats such as lawyers and judges, might be a possible one, albeit a quite expensive and time consuming endeavour.
National Equipment Standards
Previously, equipping most units was up to the local authorities, which often resulted in each state using different equipment, uniforms and sometimes even calibres of ammunition. Standardisation will smoothe along our army reforms, but we must keep in mind the costs regarding potentially discarded ammunition.
Standardised Officer Curriculum
As with most things in our current army, each state army has somewhat different career paths and expectations for officers than our federal army, or what is to be expected of a modern army in general. Changes in that camp will naturally ruffle many feathers in the old guard, and will be politically costly, however.
Prioritise Local Talent
Each of our states has talents and specialities unique to their geography, culture and military history. Rather than try to stamp out these advantages, we should not just retain, but seize upon them and specialise those local forces for greater objectives.
Reservist Exercises
Most of the men gain little in the way of training before joining the frontlines in Brazil, this sort of hurried up enlistment, voluntary or otherwise, has been tradition in decades in Brazil. However, lack of basic training is a substantial weakness for any army, especially so in open war, which is a distinct possibility now more than ever before. Our reservists might not become Spartans, but at least they will know how to reload a rifle before entering the barracks.
Better Military Conditions
Our armed forces' headquarters have traditionally been not a desirable place to live; to the point where the word barracks is almost a byword to bad place in some areas of the nation. This can be explained by the simply horrid lack of funding our forces have suffered with throughout history, and only we can change that.
Unified Military Command
The theory behind a federation of equals, each with their own armies, that contributes to a federal army, is sound in theory, but in pratice, the decision making becomes scattered and chaotic. To create cohesion in wartime, it's needed more than to simply give orders to that effect, but a gradual re-structure of high command, while leaving state level hierarchies nominally intach, which should give our nation much needed combat readiness, and help with national unity as well, as officers from different states and political leanings serve together more often.
Curb Mineiro Unrest
The cattle barons of Minas Gerais have always had a hand in pulling Brazil backwards. Their interest has always been in their own power, and we cannot expect them to surrender it easily. Corruption charges will be brought forth; and thankfully in that regard, we might not even need to make any kind of fake case; that lot has always had their fingers in all the of the pies in the state they rule as their own fiefdom. This will put them in a situation fragile enough for us to make our necessary moves.
Rein in Rio Grande
The arrogant southerners believe themselves the be even more than kingmakers, but the most important state in Brazil, despite their industrial and demographical irrelevance. This is naturally due to the strategic role that the state has performed in border defence throughout history, which also means its leaders have always been the type to have many soldiers at their beck and call. Bringing them to the fold must be a swift coup, rather than an open show of force, to prevent large scale conflict in the state.
Crush the Coronéis
The northeast of Brazil is behind the rest of the country in many ways, and in no small part due to the so called Colonels, caudillos in the most pejorative meaning of the term. However, they hardly have any loyalty to anything besides their own power, something we can and should exploit. By making swift and public examples of key politicians in Recife and other major cities in the area, the Coronéis will show their true colours and, as per usual, change turn coats to the colour of the winning team.
Subdue São Paulo
The paulista elite believes that they own the country, and some of them are so unthinkably wealthy, they might be forgiven for holding such an assumption. While there are many contingencies and plans in place, there is simply no way to make them bend to the greater good of the nation than a show of force that is swift and decisve, before any rebellious cries of ''respect to the constitution'' are used to justify a revolt. This, naturally, presents great risk, but the strategic importance of the state remands drastic measures.
Replace Officers
Featherbedding is rampant in the Brazilian military, as is the nepotism that is often behind it. The quickest way to solve it, of course, is to replace the officers who are often enough little more than glorified playing cards experts in uniform, with true men of a military career and disposition.
Equipment Standardisation
Previously, equipping most units was up to the local authorities, which often resulted in each state using different equipment, uniforms and sometimes even calibres of ammunition. Centralising such equipment procurement will be an expensive but extremely necessary step, and naturally an unpopular one, as it will be seen as more interference of the federal government in the army
National Conscription
Most Braziliains in schools learn of the Fatherland Volunteers, and how they nobly joined the army in the nation's hour of need. However, most people are not so noble, and must be convinced to perform their duties in a rather more forceful fashion. These measures were traditionally left to local authorities, but these often enough conveniently helped their friends and family evade the draft whenever they saw a chance for it. Conscription will be centralised, nationwide and the cornerstone of our new wartime efforts.
Centralised Military Command
A great army needs to march under one banner, under one leader, lest it will inevitably fall into chaos and disorganisation in the heat of battle. All military forces must respond, and obey, to high command and the orders of Rio, for the defence of the nation is a matter of too great importance to be left to chance, or to be delegated to provincial officers.
Better Military Conditions
Our armed forces' headquarters have traditionally been not a desirable place to live; to the point where the word barracks is almost a byword to bad place in some areas of the nation. This can be explained by the simply horrid lack of funding our forces have suffered with throughout history, and only we can change that.
Army Exercises
There is often little point in attempting to make soldiers out of conscripts. A far better alternative is to instill a sense of discipline and efficiency into our army, and ensure that they are always ready for war at a moment's notice, and can perform admirably at it. Such a change in the routine of the barracks will naturally not be welcome, however, and we expect poltical resistance at every turn.
Abolish All State Armies
With the stroke of a pen, the die is cast. We cannot be cautious at Brazil's hour of greatest need; the power of the oligarchs who destroyed our nation must be crushed, their armies dismantled, and Brazil united under one flag, as one nation!
War Decisions
Liberate Patagonia from [From.GetNameDef]
We must save the Mapuche from these barbarians - by force.
Recruit Constitutionalist Support
The fight for democracy must spread beyond the boundaries of São Paulo!
Join the Internationale
It is not enough that we have broken our own chains. Not we must join the fight across the world, and do our part to break the chains for workers everywhere!
Join the Reichspakt
We have only one hope of maintaining our independence in the future to come: and that is to throw in our lot with [GER.GetNameDef].
Join the Entente
It is in our best interests to join the British Empire in its global alliance, and fight at their side in the battle to restore world order.
Establish Relations with [FROM.GetNameDef]
As the other major syndicalist power in the New World, it's important we establish relations with [FROM.GetNameDef] as soon as possible.
Aid our Peruvian Comrades
Syndicalism has taken hold in [PRU.GetNameDef], but it will need our assistance if it's to flourish.
Become Brazil
The Brazilian republic can be restored!
Three of §Y[498.GetName]§!, §Y[499.GetName]§!, §Y[501.GetName]§!, §Y[505.GetName]§!, §Y[502.GetName]§!, or §Y[898.GetName]§! are owned and cores of §G[Root.GetNameDef]§!
Enact Conscription
Our southern neighbours are becoming more radicalised, posing a direct threat to our sovereignty. While this move may be unpopular during peacetime, many people agree that the threat to our nation is becoming increasingly real. To protect our country from a possible invasion from the south, we must implement conscription.
Expand the Arsenal da Marinha
The Navy Arsenal in Rio de Janeiro far predates our independence, a centennial institution truly. However, it was never really equipped for modern shipbuilding, as Brazil saw as more economical to simply commission ships with the wealth of coffee from major naval powers, such as Britain; this is how the pride of the navy, the Minas Gerais class, came to be. However, as the shadow of war looms over the Northern Hemisphere, we simply cannot rely on foreign shipbuilding, and the structure in our capital must be up to par for the challenges of modern naval war.
Create the Val-de-Cães complex
While outposts on the northern reaches of Brazil have been long planned, and sometimes used ad hoc, the nation lacks the capabilty to properly supply navies in the Caribbean Sea as it stands, and our fleet would be unable to protect the mouth of the Amazon in a protracted conflict. Therefore, a large scale naval base will be established in the outskirts of Belém, at the end of the great river, for this very end.
Establish a naval base in Natal
Natal's strategic location is almost perfect for a naval base that could ensure complete dominion of the South Atlantic in the event of a war at sea. However, such a base would start quite literally from scratch, and would require a substantial amount of effort and especially money to be established and to run properly in wartime, as personnel will have to be brought from other states.
Found the Aratu Naval Base
Salvador is an ideal location for a base to protect he seas directly north of the Capital itself, and its geography lends itself well to this end. While most of the personnel and basic materials for the establishing a naval base exist in the nearby city, which posses considerable population, the main issue will be procuring and transporting advanced materiel, especially so the sorts of steel needed for industrial grade weaponry and modern communication devices.
Open New Plant in §H[FROM.GetName]§!
Establish CSN in [FROM.GetName]
[BRA_CSN_decision_scripted_loc_desc]
The old capital of Brazil, Salvador, has seen better days. Between lack of federal investments, unparalleled recession and even a bizarre naval bombardment incident in the past decade, the city and the northeast of Brazil as a whole often feels left behind by the central government, which seems to always prioritise development in areas already quite well off and near the current capital of Rio. By creating a steel production plant in the city, we send a clear message of support to both the oligarchs and the people of these regions, and open opportunities for further development, but at the cost of short term investments elsewhere.
While Rio de Janeiro has lagged behind São Paulo in terms of industrial prowess, establishing a large scale steel production plant there will be highly beneficial for our struggling shipbuilding industry, as commissioning ships abroad has become nearly impossible during the current times of war and tension. By creating a steel production plant in the city, we send a clear message of support to our navy, but at the cost of investments elsewhere.
São Paulo is the beating heart of national industry, and creating a steel production plant in that city will yield by far the most positive results in the short term, as the steel would be immediately available for industrial use in the great city. By creating a steel production plant in the city, we send a clear message of support to industries, but at the cost of investments elsewhere.
Porto Alegre is a city that, much like the state of which it is the capital of, has a disproportionate influence and importance due to military affairs. As the headquarters of our regional defences, and the first line of defence in the only viable land path for an invasion of Brazil, the area always had somewhat of a military inclination. By creating a steel production plant in the city, we send a clear message of support to our armed forces, but at the cost of investments elsewhere.
The Estado Novo
Getulio Vargas succeeded in taking power. Thanks to his friends and allies, he was able to win against the old parties of the Republic. Quickly enough, the role of the President was reinforced, and any move from the opposition was countered. Nothing is certain however about the future of the regime. Once the momentum Vargas created wanes away, his power will need to be solid enough to withstand attacks and lead the project of the Estado Novo to its end. The consolidation of the regime will need to be prepared in all sectors of society: political institutions, the army, the political opposition, and of course the people.
Limit the Power of the §HSupreme Court§!
The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil is the highest judicial institution in the country. Composed of independent judges tasked with reviewing laws according to the constitution, they are a nuisance to the ambitious reform plans we have lined up. While it is impossible to disband the court we can at least reduce its powers and disorganise it by reducing its members and placing loyalists in it.
Reform the §HNational Congress§!
The National Congress is a burden on the Estado Novo. Its crowd of bickering politicians is a disgrace to the country, and it's a shame the citizens pay this much for the salaries of professional obstructors. The number of members in the National Congress needs to be reduced, and their powers curtailed. We must also find ways to concentrate legislative power in the hands of Vargas, to avoid having to use the Congress the best we can.
National Security Laws
The National Security Laws will establish a special court, tasked with judging particularly serious political crimes and other threats against the state. By placing this court under the authority of the central government, we will be able to oversee the judicial procedures against enemies of the people in an easier way. Hopefully, the court will participate in reducing organised opposition against the Estado Novo.
Hold Rallies
The poor workers and labourers of Brazil have deserved a grand tour of rallies by the President! The father of the poor will go around the country, exposing as he goes the aims and the successes of the Estado Novo, and convincing the Brazilians one by one. This will cement the popularity we hold in the people.
Fund the Brazilian Youth
The Brazilian Youth is the civic organisation of the youth of the Estado Novo, created to foster nationalism among the youth and teach them basic civic duties. They show themselves in parades, help to care to the monuments and participate in patriotic ceremonies. This excellent organisation creates better men, more able to serve their homeland, and for that we shall never spare them a dime!
Reach out to Army Leadership
The military of our country, dedicated to the protection of our nation, is a force to be reckoned with. As proved the latest War Between the States, they do not hesitate to intervene in politics and can decide the entire fate of a regime. It is evidently in our best interest to ensure that they are supportive of the regime.
The terrible wounds of the 1927 civil war may never heal, but Brazil marches towards progress, even if at its own pace. Secret Voting and increased state autonomy were the main achievements of the conflict that ensured that true democracy finally reached the people of Brazil, and its economy finally begins to recover from a decade of downturn. With the game of politics radically changed, came new players; civil unrest brought Syndicalism and Integralism to mainstream politics, as the coalition led by Otávio Mangabeira struggles to keep order in the streets, continue to develop the nation, and keep up on its expensive dreadnought race with Argentina and Chile.
GFX_BRA_intro
United States of Brazil
Brazil's neutrality in the Weltkrieg kept the country at peace and with stability until the economic collapse following the crisis in its main trade partners after the British Revolution. The period of turmoil came to a head as the balance at play was put in jeopardy after both São Paulo and Minas Gerais each launched their own candidates for the 1926 elections.\n\nThe stage was set for a major crisis, and thus began the Interstate War, also referred to as the Civil War. São Paulo had widespread support in its war against the federal government; especially important was that of the northern and eastern state governors led by João Pessoa, and the Rio Grande do Sul state, whose historical borderland status meant it possessed a disproportionately strong military. This support, coupled with its manufacturing and monetary advantages and the mutiny of the federal navy, resulted in the war ending in a victory for the rebels, and Fernando de Melo resigning in favour of Borges de Medeiros, who briefly ruled over the republic and transitioned into the current constitution.\n\nEver since, the republic has transformed in many ways, especially economically, and has prospered in many ways as two presidents in a row were democratically elected. However, as the 1936 elections approach, political radicalism rises as Syndicalists, Anarchists and Integralists continue to engage in street fights and rhetoric from politicians becomes more divisive and aggressive.
§MLiberais / Republicanos / Esquerda Democrática / Liberais Democratas§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 election, elect any party except §nAção Integralista Brasileira§!.\n£white_dot If §cPartido Republicano§! is elected, do not consolidate power as Vargas.\n£white_dot If §SEsquerda Democrática§! is elected, arrest the Chilean ambassador or oppose the army's coup after completing the Left Front focus.\n£white_dot In the 1940 election and subequent elections afterwards, it will also be possible to elect §mPartido Liberal Democráta§! if democracy survives.\n\n§MRepublicanos (Centralistas)§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 election, elect §cPartido Republicano§! and begin passing bills to consolidate Vargas's power.\n£white_dot In order to strengthen Vargas's position, the Federal government must be empowered, the Federative Pact must be revised, and Vargas's power must be expanded.\n£white_dot Vargas will then launch a self-coup, empowering himself as dictator and changing the ruling party to §PPartido Popular Brasileiro§!.\n£white_dot Soon democratic revolts will occur against the government, defeat these revolts to keep Vargas in power.\n\n§MSocialistas§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 election, elect §SEsquerda Democrática§! and complete the Left Front focus.\n£white_dot You will soon get an event about a crisis involving the Chilean ambassador, do not arrest him in this event.\n£white_dot Soon the army will launch a coup against the government, choose for this to succeed and a Syndicalist counter coup will be launched.\n£white_dot Defeat the revolts that will occur after the syndicalist takeover of the government to consolidate your rule.\n£white_dot During the First Congress of Trade Unions, you will be able to choose between electing the §RAutonomistas§!, the §rOrtodoxos§!, or the §oMaximalistas§!.\n\n§MIntegralistas§! ($national_populist_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the 1936 election, elect §nAção Integralista Brasileira§!.\n£white_dot Defeat any potential revolts that occur trying to prevent the restoration of the monarchy.\n£white_dot Brazil will then be able to invite Pedro III to take the throne as Emperor of Brazil.\n
Father Cicero Passes Away
This morning father Cícero Romão Batista died peacefully during his sleep at the old age of 92. The local leader, revered as a saint by the peasantry of the north-eastern states, was seen as a grey eminence by the political class in Ceará, acting as a neutral mediating party on disputes between the Coronéis, the landed oligarchs of the northeast.
A great man.
The Carlés Regime
In neighbouring Argentina, the past few weeks have been troublesome at best. After a coup d'état during the Christmas days, the radicals led by Manuel Carlés have taken control of Argentina, citing incompetence by the authorities to properly deal with what seems to be a syndicalist revolt in remote regions. Reports coming from Argentina are sketchy and often conflicting. However, it has been almost a month since then, and Brazil needs to have an official stance on the regime in the South.
Denounce it.
Support it.
Issue no statement.
The [From.GetAdjective] Denouncement
[From.GetAdjective] leadership has denounced our government as illegitimate, in a blatant attempt to discredit our revolution. While escalation is unlikely, this is an unprecedented breakdown in relations between the continent's two major nations.
Who do they think they are?
[From.GetAdjective] Support
Brazil has recognised our regime as the only legitimate government of, a move that greatly aids us in our quest for attaining standing in the international community, and shows Brazil's commitment against Syndicalism in the continent.
We appreciate it.
The Portuguese Colonial Fair
The Kingdom of Portugal has opened a colonial fair in Rio de Janeiro, to celebrate the bonds between Brazil and Portugal. While some leftists claim it is a shameless propaganda move by the colonialist state, Portuguese officials insist that the exhibition is purely scientific in nature, and seeks to educate the people on Portugal's mission to civilise the dark continent, by comparing its colonies to those under German rule with great frequency. Said frequent comparisons have drawn the ire of the German ambassador to Brazil, as he claims they are 'slanderous claims on governor [MAF.GetLeader]'s upstanding character'. Regardless of the political controversies, the many trinkets, objects and even African kings brought are bound to bring people in large numbers to see the fair's many curiosities.
Grand!
New Guns Reach the Barracks
After a long time without new batches of equipment, new boots and other kinds of supplies started reaching the barracks in the last few years, improving the soldier's lives. However, the new guns acquired by the state have been the most recent happening, and they are a noticeably popular success among foot soldiers; reliable and accurate when compared to the old guns, often from the past century, used in some areas. This will certainly improve the opinion of the infantry regarding our state.
They do like their new toys...
Our New Armoured Trains
While the notion of heavily armoured trains is nothing particularly new, usage of such locomotives in Brazil was kickstarted by the Revolution of 1927, whose short but relatively violent confrontations showed the edge the armoured trains from the industralzied state of São Paulo gave over its rivals. As the shadow of war looms over the entire world, even here in South America, we must be ready to not just repair and refit older locomotives, but also to purpose build new ones to ensure the safety of our major supply arteries linking the borders to the large cities of the Southeast.
Grand!
Syndicalist Strikes in São Paulo
While protests and workers' movement gatherings in general are not at all an uncommon sight on May 1st, the strikes currently ongoing in São Paulo are noteworthy due to the very large number of workers who have laid down their tools. They are now, after some time of normal striking, preparing to barricade certain areas of the city, knowing full well the consequences of this action. Little option remains to the state police than to crackdown on these vile insurgents.
Send in the police!
Strikes End Violently
The strikers put up a fight, and rather than running, they stood their ground against the state police of São Paulo. A grave mistake, and even some deaths have been recorded by journalists, with the numbers tallied by leftists greatly differing from the official statistics of less than half a dozen casualties. This incident, colloquially called 'Battle of the Barricade' is likely to have a lasting legacy in the memory of the city.
Regrettable, but unavoidable.
Getúlio Vargas Courts State Leaders
Getúlio Vargas, state president of Rio Grande do Sul and former Vice President in the JP Government, has met with several important figures from other states, especially those from the northeast that backed him in his term. He seems to be laying the groundwork for a candidacy for the presidency, and his plans for a more active government which can energetically act against crisis situations have found listeners in the meeting.
The Republican candidate seems to be here.
Vargas Announced as Republican Candidate
Getúlio Vargas's career seems to have always be heading towards this. From his early positions in Rio Grande do Sul, to a successful state presidency in times of turmoil to being Vice President of the most popular head of state in Brazilian history, his rise has been very fast for the traditionally slow climb politics in Brazil entails. He announced his intentions to run for president officially earlier today in Porto Alegre, to a roaring crowd of citizens who wish for the republic to finally achieve stability, and are tired of opportunists attempting to deceive them. Among his promised goals is a planned industrialisation programme, better salaries for workers and bringing Brazil 'to the modern age'.
A popular and safe choice.
Gustavo Dodt Barroso meets with Pedro de Bragança
Gustavo Dodt Barroso, a chief integralist figure and an army officer, met today with the Imperial claimant to the throne of Brazil, Pedro of the house of Bragança. While their meeting was publicly regarding donations to poor neighbourhoods in cities near Rio, the fact is that they are likely making plans for an eventual Integralist electoral victory. Integralism in Brazil is highly influenced by Portugal, even if being an openly monarchist party is technically illegal, and thus the meeting stirred up much controversy, being claimed by many as proof of the AIB's true allegiance. The Integralist leadership seems to be uniting and preparing in a way until now unprecedented, and only time will tell if these manoeuvres will result in anything major.
If this isn't Monarchism, I don't know what is.
AIB's Presidential Candidates Announced
The Brazilian Integralist movement is eclectic in nature, but recent years have settled it as a monarchist, Lusitanian inspired party that defends Catholic values and with great participation from the poor, especially from the Afro-Brazilians. Said participation and commitment to racial equality is represented by their former candidate to the presidency, and current VP nominee Arlindo Veiga dos Santos, a deeply monarchist intellectual who denounces the leaders of the republic as former slave lords, who just mask themselves under new guises. However, the presidency candidate, Gustavo Dodt Barroso, is far more hostile and has not been shy in demonstrating his anti-Semitism, claiming the capitalist classes of Brazil are puppets of the fictional Elders of Zion. Barroso has made it a point to ignore all evidence that the Protocols are a forgery intended to incite public violence against Jews, to the dismay of many Brazilians. The men have fundamentally different visions in many areas, but they agree on the basic Integralist principles and more importantly, on that the Republic is a rotten carcass that only serves the few and the powerful.
Two very different men under one cause.
Anarchist Uprising
In Rio, consequences of the Battle of São Paulo were felt this week as an Anarchist uprising occurred in the northern areas of the federal district. While few in number, having an actively lawless area so near the capital could be dangerous, and thus our officers are taking immediate action.
Send in the boys in blue.
ED Names Mangabeira as their Candidate
The Democratic Left is very much a broad front, formed by people that range from former Republicans, frustrated with the lack of aid to the common people, to syndicalists who seek to gain power via democratic methods. This big tent organisation of the party made choosing a presidential candidate difficult, even if it wasn't a particularly contentious process. João Mangabeira is probably more well known for being the left-wing brother of president Mangabeira than his own career, but this recognition may very well be his greatest asset in what is probably going to be a complicated electoral process. The nomination is just the beginning of his journey, for he needs to properly build a left front with several factions, such as with unions and the FAB.
A consensus choice.
Mangabeira Courts the CGT
The Confederação Geral do Trabalho, or CGT, has gained notoriety in the past decade for organising strikes, including being a major part of the May strikes earlier this year. Perhaps the most well organised and influential leftist organisation in the country, it's natural that João Mangabeira and his allies in the Left Front have spared little time in bringing them under the ED umbrella. While many in the CGT have their reservations on working with someone who is clearly less radical than themselves, the idea of peaceful transition to a worker's government has grown in some circles, especially after the violent repression of several strikes recently.
The left organises itself...
Mangabeira Meets with FAB Leaders
While the meeting of the Democratic Left leader and the Anarchist federation was mostly fruitless when it comes to formal support, it's clear that the man made some influential friends in that section of the left wing. The FAB is, unsurprisingly for an Anarchist organisation, very decentralised, and the meeting was mostly on topics of worker's rights and payments, rather than formal coalition talks. However, it's safe to assume most leftists in Brazil are indeed under the ED's tent, even if not all are formally or publicly doing so.
Anarchists in a government coalition? As if.
Mangabeira Reaffirms Moderate Stances
João Mangabeira, leader of the ED, has met with certain 'unsavoury and socialistic' people, as the O Globo newspaper put it, causing concerns he is in fact a Syndicalist, and seeks to destroy democracy in Brazil and raise a worker's republic in its place. Naturally, it's an exaggeration, but the effect of this red scare was significant enough for Mangabeira to publicly say that he, in fact, is not a Syndicalist in any way, and mention that European Syndicalism is 'not an example to be followed', citing the civil war in Italy as a warning to the consequences of extremism. His words fall flat on those convinced he is a spy sent by London to take over Brazil, a rumour already being spread by Integralist pamphleteering.
Many remain concerned, however...
PL Announces Júlio Prestes as Candidate
The Liberal Party is, much like the Republicans, more a confederacy of local parties rather than an organisation with single goals and ideals. The most influential liberal leaders, the Positivist leadership from São Paulo and Rio Grande do Sul, have met today and decided for Júlio Prestes to be their nominee for the presidency, something of a consensus candidate among the homogenous party lines. While the odds may not look particularly good for a Liberal victory at first glance, the controversial opinions of the other candidates may drift the more centrist electorate towards their coalition.
A natural choice.
Barroso and dos Santos Fund Festival in São Paulo
The AIB has funded and organised a festival in São Paulo, with musicians, speeches and plenty of free food and drinks. The show, which pretty much celebrates their victory months before the election, had speeches from basically every Integralist of note, bishops and even the Imperial claimant to the throne, in what was an unprecedented act in recent political history. Journalists called the event 'Bread and Circus' and mocked the largely uneducated crowd that gathered, but there is no doubt the AIB is sure of their victory.
Is that even legal?
Vargas Takes Shot at 'Utopian Fools'
Getúlio Vargas, as he makes speeches throughout the country, used his speech today in Juíz de Fora to denounce what he calls 'Utopian Populism', and blamed the unrest that plagues Brazil on said foolish ideals. Vargas claims that they want the quick, fast and painless way out of the troubles of the country, but put the people into sleep with golden promises, only to rob them in their sleep of their freedoms; and some other, less friendly analogies. The frankness and language of the speech captivated the audience, and recordings of it are being transmitted via radio already in some major cities.
Is this for the best?
Anarchists Support the ED Candidacy
While the FAB has simply no way of actually endorsing a candidate, leading members of it, such as Edgard Leuenroth, have expressed that the ED candidacy is the best for the people of Brazil. Such endorsements are bound to pull many workers who were on the fence to their camp.
Do they, now?
Arms Smugglers Captured!
Several unsavoury individuals were captured today, trying to smuggle arms from Rio Grande do Sul to Argentina. The guns seem to be of German origin, and they did fall directly under our lap... however, they are of uncertain origin and may very likely be stolen or have been already paid for. What should we do with the rather large amount of cargo?
Finders, keepers.
You can't outrun the law!
Tenentist Uprising Quashed
Yet more revolts! Tenentes have launched a revolt in the barracks in São Paulo, but were quickly subdued. While the incident barely lasted a day, the affair was covered by the press and shows weakness on our government.
A minor inconvenience.
Luis Carlos Prestes Endorses the ED
Luis Carlos Prestes, a high profile military officer with known Syndicalist tendencies, has publicly announced his support for the ED movement, as he sees it as the only option that will truly defend the workers from tyranny. This move certainly can do more harm than good for the ED, for Prestes is notorious for his links with the Third Internationale.
Syndicalists meddling in the election?
Black Monday Hits Brazil
Disaster! Brazil faces ruin! No amount of panic would be too much, for the crashing of German economy cascades into our agriculture and nascent industry like a train into cattle. There is little we can do than to watch the disaster unfold, as our budget collapses almost overnight, our currency loses half its value and millions in investments are cancelled and pulled out of the country. We don't even have the funds to pay vital government personnel as the situation stands now! Decades of planning, of prosperity, all gone to waste...?
Isso não é bom...
Return of the Coffee Fires
Just like in the past decade, our coffee piles up with nobody to buy it. The solution found by state governments is to burn the surplus of the harvests in large fires, to keep the prices from utterly and completely collapsing again. This is certainly an extreme measure, but Black Monday's disastrous impact is far from over; dark times are ahead.
Burn baby, burn!
Factories Close Down
As Black Monday damaged the purchasing power for non essential goods for most Brazilians, many factories close down as their goods have no market, and they are forced to face massive losses. A disastrous setback to our plans of developing our industry, and we may take years to properly recover.
Oh no!
Industrial Leaders Meet with Vargas
Several important industrialist leaders have met with Getúlio Vargas today in São Paulo, as he negotiates for formal support to his candidacy, claiming only he has the vision to help them. Considering the options are either radicals, or liberals who would let them go without any aid, Vargas's words have found ready ears.
Difficulty breeds opportunity, hmm?
The Steel Cycle
As Brazil's economy evolved in history, its main exports changed; from the redwood that gives the nation its name to the coffee of the modern day. However, as we industrialise and modernise, a new era rises: The time of steel; when we no longer need to export basic good to import manufactured goods. This fundamental shift will be without a doubt the greatest legacy of our state.
Progress!
The Federal Elections of [GetYear]
The day of decision finally arrived. All pieces are on the table, and the most contentious elections of Brazil's history are about to begin. Polling stations countrywide face never before seen lines, as pamphlets and criers ask for votes across the nation. Four very different visions for the country clash, in ideas, and in some places, like in São Paulo, literally, as the now semi-regular clashes between Unions and Integralists dominate the news for the day, at least until the results start to come in. After the dust has settled, a victor and would be saviour of Brazil emerges...
Getulio Vargas and the Partido Republicano.
Júlio Prestes and the Partido Liberal.
Gustavo Dodt Barroso and the Ação Integralista Brasileira.
João Mangabeira and the Esquerda Democrática.
Getulio Vargas Takes Office
Getulio Vargas has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Viva o Brasil!
Júlio Prestes Takes Office
Júlio Prestes has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Gustavo Dodt Barroso Takes Office
Gustavo Dodt Barroso has been sworn in as president of Brazil today! In his speech, he announces the beginning of a new era for Brazil, and that this will be the election that is going to define our country's future.
João Mangabeira Takes Office
João Mangabeira has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
While the peak of Integralist radicalism has passed, our democracy still is not as strong as many would have wanted. Many issue still exist, and the people have turned up to the polls in great numbers to choose the fate of the nation for the next for years. The most contentious discussions often come from the Liberal split, still an open one that may very well decide the outcome of Brazil's future. As the votes start coming in, it's clear that the winner is...
Gustavo Capanema and the Partido Republicano.
Borges de Medeiros and the Partido Liberal.
Francisco Prestes Maia and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
Nereu Ramos and the Partido Social Democrata.
Gustavo Capanema Takes Office
Gustavo Capanema has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Borges de Medeiros Takes Office
Borges de Medeiros has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Francisco Prestes Maia Takes Office
Francisco Prestes Maia has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Nereu Ramos Takes Office
Nereu Ramos has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Brazil's republic weathered the storm, and now prepares for the first orderly elections in a very long time. Discourse has improved to more civilised levels, as the wounds of division heal and we march towards a better future. Still, the important matter of selecting our head of state still lingers, and the winner of the elections is...
Juracy Magalhães and the Partido Republicano.
Ildo Meneghetti and the Partido Liberal.
Simões Filho and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
Carlos Coimbra da Luz and the Partido Social Democrata.
Juracy Magalhães Takes Office
Juracy Magalhães has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Ildo Meneghetti Takes Office
Ildo Meneghetti has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Simões Filho Takes Office
Simões Filho has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Carlos Coimbra da Luz Takes Office
Carlos Coimbra da Luz has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Brazil's people again gather to do their part in civic duty, and to select their president for the next four years. The times of turmoil behind us and with a better economic situation, the future of the republic is bright, but who will be its leader?
José Joaquim Cardoso and the Partido Republicano.
Wilson Barbosa Martins and the Partido Liberal.
Raul Pilla and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
Jânio Quadros and the Partido Social Democrata.
José Joaquim Cardoso Takes Office
José Joaquim Cardoso has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Wilson Barbosa Martins Takes Office
Wilson Barbosa has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Raul Pilla Takes Office
Raul Pilla has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Jânio Quadros Takes Office
Jânio Quadros has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Brazil's people again gather to do their part in civic duty, and to select their president for the next four years. The times of turmoil behind us and with a better economic situation, the future of the republic is bright, but who will be its leader?
Affonso Camargo and the Partido Republicano.
Pedro Manuel de Toledo and the Partido Liberal.
Pedro Ludovico Teixeira and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
José Americo de Almeida and the Partido Social Democrata.
Affonso Camargo Takes Office
Affonso Camargo has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Pedro Manuel de Toledo Takes Office
Pedro Manuel de Toledo has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Pedro Ludovico Teixeira Takes Office
Pedro Ludovico Teixeira has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
José Americo de Almeida Takes Office
José Americo de Almeida has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Brazil's people again gather to do their part in civic duty, and to select their president for the next four years. The times of turmoil behind us and with a better economic situation, the future of the republic is bright, but who will be its leader?
Tancredo Neves and the Partido Republicano.
Assis Brasil and the Partido Liberal.
Afonso Pena Jr. and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
João Goulart and the Partido Social Democrata.
Tancredo Neves Takes Office
Tancredo Neves has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Assis Brasil Takes Office
Assis Brasil has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Afonso Pena Jr. Takes Office
Afonso Pena Jr. has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
João Goulart Takes Office
João Goulart Takes has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Brazil's people again gather to do their part in civic duty, and to select their president for the next four years. The times of turmoil behind us and with a better economic situation, the future of the republic is bright, but who will be its leader?
Osvaldo Aranha and the Partido Republicano.
Juscelino Kubitschek and the Partido Liberal.
Landry Sales and the Partido Liberal Democráta.
Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich and the Partido Social Democrata.
Osvaldo Aranha Takes Office
Osvaldo Aranha has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Juscelino Kubitschek Takes Office
Juscelino Kubitschek has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Landry Sales Gonçalves Takes Office
Landry Sales has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich Takes Office
Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich has been sworn in today as Brazil's president, in a grand ceremony in Rio de Janeiro. Our grand republic continues to bring progress and stability to the nation!
Special Elections Scheduled
Now that [BRA.GetNameDef] has been restored to democracy, regular elections will be held one month from now and the proper cycle of elections every four years resumed.
Long live Brazilian democracy!
Meeting with the Industrialists
We have recently gained a mandate of the masses to rule in God's name, but yet the captains of industry of Brazil sadly remain unconvinced of our good intentions regarding their future. We will arrange a meeting to explain our goals to them, and to carefully lay out the advantages of siding with His Majesty's Regency, as they have taken to mockingly call the government. The matter is, should we coerce them, or negotiate in a more diplomatic manner?
Take a soft approach.
Take a harsh approach.
Rondon's Objections
Marshall Cândido Rondon has always been an explorer first, and a general second, but always a staunch republican. He has been on an expedition since before the elections, and he arrived back in civilisation just recently. He was appalled by the prospect of the return of the monarchy, and is publicly condemning our government. While the man is old and not politically connected, he is very well regarded by the public, especially the military, so retaliation must be measured carefully. We must take some kind of action!
Time for him to retire.
Rondon's Revolt
Marshall Rondon has not only evaded capture, but his closest allies have raised arms in revolt! Republicans everywhere gather to aid their forces!
Traitor!
Republican Uprising Triumphant
The flame of the republic shines brighter than ever, and we have rescued the principles that Brazil holds dear. Let this be a lesson on duty and freedom, and we should work so that such foul populists never take over the country again.
Huzzah!
Separatist Uprising Crushed
The attempt on the Empire has left its scars, but our resolve has never been stronger! The remaining traitors will be hunted down, and defeated! Nothing can stand in our way now!
Just As Planned.
Leftist Parliament Members Impeached
The incredibly short sighted crypto-syndicalists who roamed the parliament have been politely requested to leave. They naturally didn't take too kindly to that, of course, but it's a necessary measure to prevent Brazil from becoming a French colony!
Good riddance!
Syndicalists Flee the Country
It seems that our plans regarding Syndicalists were 'leaked' to the common public, and hundreds of syndicalist intellectuals and students have fled the country via various methods in the past month. Our forces are spread thin maintaining order, and thus they were able to escape unharmed, but they should know Brazil now belongs to God, not Marx.
They won't be missed.
Synagogue Attacked in Porto Alegre
An incident sparked immense controversy today. In a traditional Jewish neighbourhood in Porto Alegre, quite near the city's centre, a synagogue was burnt down by a group of arsonists last night. The group responsible for this crime was well known in Porto Alegre for distributing Barroso's Protocols and for their appearances at local AIB meetings. The vast majority of citizens, and most Integralists, were appalled by the act, although AIB leaders have claimed to newspapers that the arson was faked and the arsonists themselves agents of a grand international conspiracy to demonise the AIB. Rational Brazilians, however, now begin to question whether the AIB can hold itself together as antisemites and monarchists pull on opposite ends between mob rule and authoritarian stability. In the end, this could be the catalyst incident that decides whether such views will prosper or not in the new Brazil
Order a manhunt for the arsonists
Barroso should try and save the arsonists
Consequences of the Attack
Despite official condemnation, and help of the Church reaching out to the Jewish community, Gustavo Dodt Barroso furiously defended the arsonists, saying that they were doing the obvious and the best for Brazil. This confirmed to many Brazilians that publishing antisemitic literature was a deliberate move for Barroso rather than a flight of fancy. With popularity dwindling, Barroso was requested by the Emperor to retire from the position of Prime Minister to avoid further embarrassment to the throne from his antisemitic ravings.
A shameful but necessary measure.
The Prince Visits [CAN.GetNameDef]
Prince Antônio Gastão of Braganza, last living son of Empress Isabel, has been sent to visit the Entente powers and foster goodwill towards our Empire. He fought himself in the Weltkrieg for the Royal Air Force of Britain, and thus has many friends in Canada who will be delighted to meet him again. The trip will be rather long, but is bound to be a success due to the Prince's contacts in that country.
I hope it wasn't too cold there.
The Prince Visits [NFA.GetNameDef]
Prince Antônio Gastão of Braganza, last living son of Empress Isabel, now heads to visit the French Government, currently in exile in Algiers. Being a descendant of Bourbon royalty, he was denied the right to fight for France, his adoptive home, in the Weltkrieg, and thus joined the British forces in that conflict until its bitter end. While the trip is going to be just a little bit of sight seeing, and meeting some members of the Bourbon family, the matter is being well document in papers locally.
I hope it wasn't too hot there.
The Prince Visits [POR.GetNameDef]
Prince Antônio Gastão of Braganza, last living son of Empress Isabel, heads to the final destination of his tour; Portugal. The old homeland, it too having its monarchy recently restored, is bound to give the ageing soldier-prince the proper welcome such a man deserves.
A grandiose affair.
The Brazilian Royal Visit
Prince Imperial of Brazil Antônio Gastão visited [Root.GetNameDef] today, and his trip was quite the pleasant one. Few foreign dignitaries can claim to have fought alongside us in the Weltkrieg; the then exiled prince, denied from joining the French forces due to a law preventing Bourbon royals from doing so, found a loophole and joined the British forces to fight for his adoptive home. Now an old and warm fellow, he takes upon himself the role of diplomat for his nephew, the Emperor of Brazil, and brought gifts and foodstuffs from that land. Wasn't that nice of him?
A true warrior!
The Basis of Restoration
As we endeavour towards restoring the monarchy as an institution and the Empire as a whole, a first principle must be recognised: The restoration has legal basis. The will of the people brought the AIB into power, and the army had no mandate from the masses to depose His Imperial Majesty in 1889. We are, simply, righting a wrong that should have never happened. However, such a matter is easier said than done; Republican lies were spread far wide, our loyalists hunted down and our legacy tarnished. The quest to bring Brazil back to its glory begins now.
Proceed, no matter the cost.
A Monument to Our Lady of Aparecida
Our Lady of Aparecida, despite being a massively popular saint and patron of Brazil, lacks a proper place to honour it on our nation, for to the republicans, only themselves were worthy of worship. We must ensure that Our Lady is honoured!
Only the grandest of cathedrals will do!
A grand work of art!
A Monument to Our Lady of Seafarers
Our Lady of Seafarers is not only one of the most popular and venerated saints of Brazil, but also worshipped by African Brazilians as Yemojá, the Queen of the Waters in Yoruba legend. Pagan and Christian faithful meet in worship every year on February 2nd to honour her; however, she lacks a monument to their faithful worthy of her might. We must ensure that Our Lady is honoured!
Only a grand cathedral will do for the Mother!
A grand work of art!
Decree of Dissolution
From this day forward, the former federative units of the Empire of Brazil have been utterly and irreversibly dissolved for all administrative matters, save regional census. Such is the will of His Imperial Majesty's government and the people of Brazil.
There is no state but Brazil.
The Restoration Referendum
Finally Brazil will be able to re-set its path towards the future, and a better one at that. The referendum towards the abolition of the republic, boycotted by several traitorous parties, has ended in a landslide victory for the Empire. Long live His Imperial Majesty! Preparations for the coronation will start at once!
The People have Spoken!
Duarte II Marries our Relative
Duarte II married today a member of the Imperial Family of Brazil and distant relative, Maria Francisca de Bragança, in a lavish wedding in Lisboa. The wedding, long planned by the Houses of Bragança across the Atlantic, is the culmination of years and diplomacy, and the people of Portugal hope a royal heir will arrive soon.
Friendship will last between Braganzas.
Maria Francisca Marries Duarte II
$brazil_events.122.d$
Aren't they cute?
Expand Carnival funding?
Perhaps the greatest party on the Continent, Carnival in Brazil is celebrated in many different ways across the nation. Several cities have requested additional funding for the festivities, something that will no doubt improve the quality of the celebrations!
Why not? 40 days is an awful long time, and nobody's made of iron...
It seems wasteful.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Calls for Aid!
[From.GetNameDefCap] is under attack from Syndicalist forces, and they request immediate reinforcements!
And Brazil will answer!
And it's their problem.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Joins the War!
[From.GetAdjective] Betrayal!
Following the aggression by the godless [From.GetAdjective] forces, the Brazilian people have decided to honour their commitment to help us defend our nation! Together, we shall win this war, and free [From.GetNameDef]from syndicalism!
Following the aggression by the godless [From.GetAdjective] forces, the Brazilian people decided to betray us! They have decided to not intervene in our defence, showing all their cowardice. We shall now defend ourselves like never before!
Wonderful!
Traitors!
The FUNAI
The National Indian Foundation will be an upgraded and revamped version of the former Indian Protection Service, operating under close attention from His Imperial Majesty himself, to protect the right of the natives to live their own lives. Unlike the Republicans, who insisted on contacting the peoples of the forest, we will allow them to live their own lives, in their own way, for isolation is their only protection from the foul diseases of the civilised world. They will live the way they had for a thousand years; it is not up to us to decide what is best for a people who lived here long before us!
They are true Brazilians and deserve our aid.
The Matter of Guyana
Guiana, a French colonialist occupied province in the far North, was cheated out of Brazilian hands in the treaties following the fall of Napoleon Bonaparte. Now, with its colonialist masters busy in a major conflict, the time is ripe for reconquest!
Guiana, a French colonialist occupied province in the far North, was cheated out of Brazilian hands in the treaties following the fall of Napoleon Bonaparte. Now, with its colonialist masters embroiled in war, the area could be taken by force. However, many in our government wish to seek an alliance with the Entente. Perhaps we could offer to join with them in exchange for Guiana.
We will simply demand our rightful lands.
Offer to join their war in exchange for Guiana.
We've no need for pointless jungle.
An Offer From Brazil
[From.GetNameDefCap] has taken up an old claim on eastern Guyana, offering to join our war in exchange for the territories. If we refuse, the Brazilians have hinted strongly that they shall attempt to take the territory.
They would make a strong ally.
Refuse the offer.
Deal Reached
[From.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to transfer the territory of East Guiana to us in exchange for a military alliance.
Great!
Offer Refused.
[From.GetNameDefCap] has refused to transfer the territory of East Guiana to us in exchange for a military alliance. Should we attempt to take the area by force?
War it is then.
We should not attack our natural allies.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Demands East Guyana
[From.GetNameDefCap] has laid a claim on eastern Guyana, and demanded we turn over the state or it will mean war.
We don't want to fight over it.
How dare they! Let them come for it.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
The [From.GetAdjective] government has given into our demands. East Guyana is now ours, as it should be.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has scoffed at our demands, all but daring us to go to war with them for the territory.
War it is!
We Hold Guyana
The war with [WIF.GetNameDef] has dragged on, yet we hold the part of Guyana we claim and they cannot take it back. Perhaps we should call for a peace settlement, and get this over with?
Yes, start the negotiations.
No, we will take everything.
[BRA.GetNameDefCap] Calls for Peace
The war with [BRA.GetNameDef] is dragging on. They hold the part of Guyana they claim, and we cannot take it back from them. They are willing to make peace if we simply give them what they claim.
Give it to them.
No, we will not let them win!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
It appears the [From.GetAdjective] government has decided it can yet win our war, and has refused the offer of a peace settlement.
To the bitter end, then.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Collapsed
All resistance in [From.GetNameDef] has ended, and the time has come to decide: do we simply take their territories on the mainland and end this war, or do we annex [From.GetNameDef] outright and hope their allies are unwilling to continue the war to win them back?
Just take their territories on the continent.
Take it all.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sues for Peace
[From.GetNameDefCap] has overtaken [WIF.GetNameDef] and claimed their territory. They are calling for peace with our alliance, and perhaps that is for the best... pursuing war with them may get us nowhere.
Let us end it here.
They cannot get away with this!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
It appears the [From.GetAdjective] government has decided it can yet liberate [WIF.GetNameDef], and has refused the offer of a peace settlement.
To the bitter end, then.
The Taça Brasil
While football is by far and away the most popular sport in the country, it's safe to say that there is little on the way of a proper Brazilian football tournament. Each state league and football federation operates as an island of its own, and worse still, this damages our national team! In order to improve unity, and to give a definitive answer to the question of who is truly the best in Brazil, we will organise a national cup sponsored by His Majesty himself!
A commendable initiative!
The King of Patagonia Arrives in Rio
Antonio III, King of Patagonia, arrived in Rio today, fresh from France, on request of our government. We seek his aid on important matters regarding the Mapuche, and their status on the republics to the south.
In time, he will see how wise he was.
The King of Patagonia begs us to save the Mapuche
The King of Patagonia, Antonio III, shocked the general public of Brazil by his tales of brutality against his people! The Mapuche, a proud people who were never beat on open battle, were being enslaved by Castilian invaders! These outrageous claims have drummed up support for an intervention to restore Antonio to his throne.
We will punish these barbarians who are destroying this proud people!
Racist Syndicalist Group Arrested
A group of Syndicalists were arrested today, after accusations of racist offences by them against fellow workers. We managed to quickly find these secret covens of Syndicalists and end their divisive activities.
Good riddance!
10-Year Anniversary of the New Republic
On this day, 10 years ago, the pain of war was replaced by joy and peace, as the new republic rose from ashes of the conflict and discord. A new era of prosperity began, and we have persevered and endured great challenges. Brazil's future shines brightly!
Huzzah!
General Strike in Rio
A general strike has been called in Rio de Janeiro by several categories, including tram and railway workers. While adherence to the strike has been limited, the barricades and disturbances have been reported, even if not really close to the city's centre. The army has been sent to aid local forces in restoring order, and we can only hope the protestors come to their senses and lay down arms.
This could be an issue.
Rio General Strike Ends in Bloodbath
The general strike in Rio has ended in the worst possible way. The army was brutal and merciless in its approach to the barricades, and several fatalities were reported. Lethal force was used in an indiscriminate fashion. Press and general public demand a position from the government, as do many senators.
There were some mistakes on both sides.
Condemn the violent action.
American Refugees
The United States of America have fallen into disarray, as the once great nation fell into the same anarchy and horror of civil war that once haunted our own nation; however, the scale and duration of this conflict will very likely dwarf our own. Many civilians are arriving from the war ravaged North American continent, with no idea of when, if ever, they will come back...
They need not worry, democracy lives here.
The Last Democracy?
We are now the last great democracy in this continent. With coups and civil wars everywhere, Brazil is a beacon to those who believe the rule of many is nearing its end, and we will never abandon the ideals of order and progress that our republic abides to since its founding, no matter how much chaos engulfs the world.
We must become a beacon for freedom.
Send Osvaldo Aranha to [361.owner.GetNameDef]
As [361.owner.GetNameDef] emerges victorious from the conflict in North America, we should ensure that the new hegemon of that half of our continent knows of our good intentions. Thus, we have prepared an especial mission, with the direct goal of improving relations and cooperation with [361.owner.GetNameDef], led by Osvaldo Aranha, who volunteered and is bound to be successful in his task.
Good luck for him!
Diplomatic Mission from Brazil
Today Osvaldo Aranha, a high ranking politician, arrived from [BRA.GetNameDef] to discuss bilateral ties with said nation. While he did shower our government with praises for pacifying America, he very clearly came to make deals with Americans as much as he came to make friends, and he is likely seeking aid for his homeland's industrialisation efforts.
He will likely succeed, considering his talent.
Aranha Mission Returns!
The diplomatic mission to [361.owner.GetNameDef] has been a success! Not only have we met with the President himself, but also managed to secure vital deals with powerful and influential businessmen in America.
A success!
Partido Liberal Splits
Our measures towards the advancement of Brazil have revealed deep rifts in the Liberal party. Such rifts were naturally going to occur once the Republicans were out of the way, since our party was very much an opposition front to that line of government. The dimensions of the current schism cannot be understated. Several important figures of the party, such as Francisco Prestes Maia, have voiced their discontent on a harsh and public fashion. They have created the Liberal Democratic party as a splinter movement, and fully intend to run on the next elections. We can only hope they come to their senses before then.
It seems that the troubles of the Liberals have no end. After their defeat in the general elections, several factions blamed each other for their failure to achieve the presidency even in the wake of a major recession; their biggest opportunity in a decade to take power, perhaps even ever. The failure exacerbated existing ideological rifts, and several important figures of the party, such as Francisco Prestes Maia, have voiced their discontent on a harsh and public fashion, and have created the Liberal Democratic party as a splinter movement, and fully intend to run on the next elections.
An unfortunate display for our party.
Liberals splitting like Leftists? What has the world come to?
The New Rubber Boom
The world falls into war once again, as the fate of millions is decided on battlefields across Europe, Asia and the Americas. However, such difficult times breed opportunity, for the demand for rubber is on all time high!
Yes!
The War in the East and the Demand for Rubber
The Dutch East Indies have been engulfed by war, and their supply of rubber to the rest of the world has been disrupted! This means that we can exploit our own reserves to an even larger degree!
Nice!
The War in Congo and the Demand for Rubber
The Congo Basin has been engulfed by war and turmoil, and their supply of rubber to the rest of the world has been disrupted! This means that we can exploit our own reserves to an even larger degree!
The War in Indochina and the Demand for Rubber
Indochina has been engulfed by war and turmoil, and its supply of rubber to the rest of the world has been disrupted! This means that we can exploit our own reserves to an even larger degree!
The War in Malaya and the Demand for Rubber
The Malayan Peninsula has been engulfed by war and turmoil, and their supply of rubber to the rest of the world has been disrupted! This means that we can exploit our own reserves to an even larger degree!
Fleet Assessment Results
As we work towards improving the status of our navy, especially their combat readiness, it was deemed prudent to do a full assessment of the combat readiness of our navy. While still sub optimal when compared to the standards of the great powers of the world, the improvements when compared to how our navy was before our renewal programme show remarkable improvement, especially in the speed in which sailors reach their battle stations.
That's acceptable.
Increasing German Alignment
As the United States is currently... unable to exert any kind of influence on South America, German capital and investors have taken on the opportunity to branch out, especially considering how much harsher their economy was hit by Black Monday than our own. While we cannot say how this will affect our nation, or even the public's perception of Germany, on the long term, it seems clear that America's place our chief foreign partner is lost possibly permanently.
Is this for the best?
Syndicalists Break Off from the ED
While expected, the Syndicalist faction, as were called those most loyal to the Internationale in the ED united front, have abandoned the party, after its poor showing on the polls, and accusations of 'collaboration' with capitalist and industrial leaderships. After the public split, the ED has rebranded itself, and is now known as the Social Democratic Party formally; even if it's still referred to as the ED by the press and public.
Splitters!
Gustavo Capanema to Become Republican Candidate
Republican leadership announced today that their candidate for the presidency is former President of Minas Gerais, Gustavo Capanema. His service in government and the Partido Republicano throughout the years made him a natural choice considering Vargas's support for him since the early stages of the meeting.
Vargas's pick, I hear.
De Medeiros Takes Reins of Liberal Party
Perhaps the most experienced part of the modern political scene, Borges de Medeiros continues to pull his weight in Gaúcho and Brazilian politics at large. Having secured the nomination from the president from the rather disorganised Liberal Party, his vision for Brazil, what some claim to be a relic of the past century, can finally come to pass.
A very experienced man.
PR Nominates Another Baiano
The Republican leadership was initially hesitant to nominate another non Southern candidate, but it was an easy and simple way to ensure balance between its Paulista and Gaúcho factions, increasingly divided in the past decade. Juracy Magalhães's experience on the political arena, including a previous term as president of Bahia, put him on ideal position to establish himself as the foremost republican candidate.
The Magalhães family shows its claws.
Ildo Meneghetti Secures Liberal Nomination
After a long debate, the Liberal party has finally settled on Ildo Meneghetti's name for the presidential nomination, today in their national conference in São Paulo. The former mayor of Porto Alegre is seen as a capable and qualified man, and is hoped to be the conciliatory name needed in the party's darkest hour.
An experienced mayor.
PLD Launches Rival Candidacy
The new liberal splinter party has announced their intentions of running their own candidate for the presidency, one that will defend 'true' liberal values rather than 'populist drivel', as they claim the Liberal Party does. This may yet dilute the already diminished Liberal electorate, but time will tell if this move was wise, or not,
Is this for the best?
Coimbra da Luz Nominated by ED Convention
The former ED's disorganisation has left it weakened, but not defeated. In the party headquarters in Rio, Carlos Coimbra da Luz has been selected to be their presidential nominee. A well learned man with a long political history, Coimbra is very likely the last chance the Left has this election.
Can he garner enough support?
The CSN: Who?
As we attempt to build our very own steel mill from the ground up, we should start by gathering the large quantities of capital necessary for such an enormous endeavour.
Approach [GER.GetNameDef]
Approach [CAN.GetNameDef]
Approach [USA.GetNameDef]
We have investors right here in Brazil.
[BRA.GetNameDefCap] Seeks Investment
We have been approached by the Brazilian government, asking us to invest in their new steel production plants. While they most certainly need the help, we also stand to make significant gains in the medium-to-long term, and thus it would be wise to consider our options.
Let's do it.
No, they should develop their own country.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused to invest. What now?
We turn to Brazilian investors, here at home.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
We have found [From.GetAdjective] investors for the CSN!
Excellent.
The CSN: How?
We must also prioritise how we will develop the company. While its initial goal always was to simply produce steel, we can also opt to diversify our plans to include other kinds of industries under this direct programme, granting us other benefits and bring us closer to true independence from foreign economies. However, the focused approach will mean the state will have better access to weapons grade quality Steel, an important strategic aspect to consider.
Steel mills only.
Heavy industry-oriented.
The CSN Expands its Operations
The resounding success of the CSN cannot be understated. Not only have all production and employment goals been reached, but they have been surpassed! A new era for Brazil is about to begin.
As planned.
Benefits from the CSN Investment
It has taken some time, but we're reaping rewards from our investment in the CSN in cold, hard cash. While the ideal of an industrialised Brazil is grand, we need to be able to afford it, and thankfully the CSN has been incredibly profitable.
Profit in Brazil? The world is changing!
Growth of the CSN
The CSN as a concept started as an strategic asset, designed to ensure steel for military production, but it's success has been well beyond our initial expectations. Perhaps due to the lack of previous large scale plants in the nation, or due to the heavy demand for steel worldwide due to the global situation; but the fact is that rather than an long term investment, the dividends are paying off rather quickly, and many in our administration suggest expansion of the company with a brand new plant in a different city. This would, naturally, incur significant costs, but the domestic and international demand for steel shows no signs of slowing down, and we might not ever have such an opportunity again.
Brazil's industrial future is here!
We must not get carried away. Never change a team that's winning, as they say.
Workers Protest Republican Dominance
A strike of several categories, such as industrialists, has occurred in Rio today, organised by the CGT. Their main complaint was the 'lack of democracy' in Brazil, and how utter Republican dominance seems to be in all aspects of public life. It's regrettable that some people are such sore losers, really; this is not what democratic elections are meant to be like.
What do they know?
Monteiro Lobato Criticises Republican Stance
Monteiro Lobato, a known publisher of children's books who also dabbles on politics, has slammed our leadership on not taking the matter of petrol seriously. To him. we should make finding and extracting oil in large amounts a priority of the state, for that resource is incredibly strategic and will be of immense value to the nation. He has spent years now looking for an oil well, and considers ensuring Brazil has an oil company of its own the main national priority.
What an odd man.
Civics Classes Begin
Kids these days have no morals. No sense of duty! It's up to the teachers to change that. They will learn about our history, our symbols and our struggle, and to be good, sensible citizens who put Brazil above all. And the kids will also learn our beautiful anthem!
Even the second stanza? It is a pretty long song...
Price of the Accord
Juggling thousands of what essentially amounts to a lavish and ambitious upper class is an immensely difficult task. You give them a hand, and they will try to bite your arm off! Local leaderships in Pernambuco are the vultures of today, requesting rich rewards for their continuing loyalty and promotion of stability.
Fine, give it to them.
Vargas Moves to Empower the Federal Government
Utilising his immense clout over the vastly Republican dominated legislative, Vargas now moves to increase the power of the federal government slightly. Not many drastic measures are planned, only a few minor taxation matters, but it almost seems as Vargas is testing the waters for further, more radical legislations.
The motion passes.
The motion is blocked.
Vargas Secures Alliance with Industrialists
The president met with several industrialists and businessmen from across the nation at closed doors today at Rio. While few can deduce what was discussed, the timing of the meeting, and the high profile of those on attendance, leaves no doubt of the importance of the matter to the current government.
Natural for a man of his position.
Vargas Expands Army Funding
After a meeting with several officers, Vargas decided to increase army funding for the next year. It seemed like a spontaneous reaction seeing the sorry state of the barracks in Rio, but the law was seemingly passed too quickly for it to truly be a coincidence...
To what end?
Vargas Probes State Presidents
Getúlio continues to articulate heavily behind the scenes for some unseen goal. Today, he met with several notable state presidents, seemingly to discuss internal policies. However, the goal of the meeting behind closed doors can only be guessed, and the press speculates that further centralising efforts will be under way shortly.
What's he up to?
Vargas Meets with Union Leaders
In a somewhat unusual move, Getúlio Vargas has met with several union leaders, including some affiliated to the CGT, and promised to greatly improve their working conditions and public salaries if he is able to. He had little reason to make the speech, much less his promises, considering his position; the stunt has greatly helped his already substantial popularity.
To what end?
Vargas Meets with General Staff
Whatever may be the reason, Vargas's series of meetings have culminated today with top army leaders, and some navy ones as well. Several hours passed in the closed doors meeting; the official topic was to prepare the nation in case of an attack from 'hostile forces'.
Planning for war? Against whom?
Revising the Federative Pact
Brazil has for too long lagged behind, in no small part due to the overly decentralised nature of its state. Other democracies lack the structural weakness Brazil has, and Vargas has tirelessly worked to dismantle this sad status quo and unite Brazil as one country once and for all. Opposition rallies against him, but the move has support from the lower classes and the pressure is mounting on the aftermath of Black Monday, and as war and tensions rise all over the world, the need for Brazil to be decisive in its actions is evident
The motion passes.
The motion is blocked.
Vargas Expands Powers of the President
What once seemed odd, now make sense; almost every move from Vargas in the last three years was towards this moment. Brazil's senate is all that stands between Vargas and complete power; the proposal to expand the powers of the president is as brazen as it is all encompassing, gathering criticism from the press and many intellectuals. However, in Rio and many other places, the common people are in favour of a more modern government, for the people and by the people, not shackled by oligarchies. Truly an ironic situation, for a decade ago, a much less contentious move resulted in a war between the states. But Vargas planned well, and it seems that little can stand in the way of his plans...
The motion passes.
The motion is blocked.
A New Era Dawns: The New State
Following the ratification of new laws intended to empower the president, some elements within the military attempted to arrest the president though thankfully they were repelled by Loyalist elements. While some opponents claim this coup attempt was fabricated, it remains no doubt that Vargas is the most powerful man in Brazil since the days of the Empire. What he will do with this newfound power is the only question but it is obvious that his vision for Brazil has been influenced by many foreign thinkers, particularly of German nature. While Vargas has been lambasted by decentralist opponents, these opinions matter little to Vargas and his legions of supporters, as Brazil's reformation into a brand new state is complete... and perhaps irreversible.
Everything is proceeding as planned.
Constitutionalist Revolt!
Every single Paulista voted against the new presidential powers, believing them to be another attempt to subjugate the states to Rio. Protests immediately took over the state, with personalities across the political spectrum protesting against the new regime... and some paid the ultimate price. The so called PPC movement, named with the initials of the first three victims, now organises militias across the state, as the oligarchies and syndicates prepare for a war that they see as the last chance for a free Brazil. Calls for aid have been sent to other states, just like in 1927... but no aid has arrived yet, and we should strike at these traitors before that happens!
Crush them!
Constitutionalists Victorious
We can resist the constitutionalist forces no longer - we must give in.
It seems democracy has won the day.
Constitutionalist Rebels Crushed!
The Paulistano rebels have finally been routed, and the city of São Paulo is once again under our control. The federal government has emerged from the crisis victorious.
Huzzah!
Syndicalist Unions Dissolved
For some time now, Brazil has suffered from socialist radicals attempting to subvert our politics and install a regime of their own. In the last couple decades, many have turned to 'syndicalism' to further their goals and to this end they have infiltrated various trade unions while setting up their own. Thankfully today, the CDN has informed us that such 'unions' have been dissolved with their leaders dead or in prison. Finally, they'll no longer bother us.
Excellent!
Perhaps we should set up a Union of our own...
Ban the Democratic Left?
The Democratic Left, also known as the Social Democrats colloquially, have been some of the most vocal opponents of our new regime though thankfully they remain battered following police interference. Regardless, there are calls in our regime to ban them outright and this is not a particularly unusual proposal... The ED has for some time been suspected of syndicalist entryism and now with the legal means to ban them properly we can silence them altogether though this will come with some backlash...
They're agents of London, ban them!
There is no need for such extreme measures.
Naval Drills
Our navy's power can only be gauged in proper navy manoeuvres, planned with meticulous care, and in a way that does not put our limited expert personnel or equipment at risk. With the political situation finally stabilised, we can safely organise proper drills with all the budget and preparation our proud navy deserves.
Do it.
It's too expensive.
Buying Heavy Weaponry
Our new political situation allows for much expanded military expenditures if we so desire; modernising our arsenal at the detriment of other items in our budget was suggested by our top officers.
The Federal Elections of [GetYear]
The people of Brazil gather to the first elections since the new constitution was drafted and put into motion. Vargas' immense popularity all but secures a victory, and he certainly has planned well for the occasion. His opposition, rallied around the Liberal Party, reunited under a common ticket... has no real chance. Their votes will be systematically burnt, or miscounted, and the press' calls for free elections were quickly dismissed as 'loser's excuses before it even happens', as the people ready themselves to the re-election party...
Getulio Vargas and the Partido Popular Brasileiro.
Hmm, this ballot looks odd...
The Federal Elections of [GetYear]
The people of Brazil gather yet again to vote on whether Getúlio Vargas should stay on power. Vargas' immense popularity all but secures a victory, and he certainly has planned well for the occasion. His opposition, rallied around the Liberal Party, again united under a common ticket... has no real chance. Their votes will be systematically burnt, or miscounted, and the press' calls for free elections were quickly dismissed as the same feeble excuses from the last election, and turnout was even smaller from the opposition this time.
Dealing with the Opposition
While we have taken power and command much support, the old opposition parties of both the democrats and nationalists oppose us. Thankfully their influence is weak but they still command supporters and obstruct our regime in whatever way they can. The CND is already at work undermining those who cannot be swayed though they have presented four plans to focus on single groups who may prove problematic. We need only decide who to focus on...
The 'Democratic Left' are just syndicalists in disguise!
The Liberals would be dangerous if left unhindered...
The Integralists are the natural enemies of the New State.
We will stand for no opposition, hit them all!
New Trade Unions Established
As part of the CLT, or Consolidação das Leis do Trabalho, new Labour laws have been signed into practice and to ensure the workers of Brazil do not fall prey to syndicalist insurgents and other socialist rabble, the laws also make way for various 'moderate' trade unions under the careful guidance of the state. The first of these unions have begun to organise, primarily in Rio and Sao Paulo, and just their presence marks a new way forward for industrial relations in which employer and employee shall be working together rather than against each other.
Great news!
Vargas Opens Interstate Highways
Owing to the more centralised political structure and the relations between private investment and public funds, large swathes of federal infrastructure projects have finally been allowed to go ahead. As part of a massive propaganda campaign, our President himself has appeared at some of the first of these highways, either cutting the opening ribbon or in some special cases, being the first person to drive along them. The public love such spectacle and it is certainly helping him endear him to the masses.
Who doesn't love a good ride along?
The Urban Planning Boom
While the Estado Novo has seen mass centralisation of the political scene, in terms of urban planning it has taken rather... the opposite effect. Restrictions on planning have been all but lifted and the government has tacitly encouraged architects to be more experimental with their designs. Many of these, often inspired by Communard France's 'Le Corbusier', are modernist in nature but have taken their own unique path owing to Brazil's tropical climate. While the boom is still in its early days, we may yet see results. As the city of Curitiba enters the first phase of major planning, we will see what the future holds for Brazilian cities...
We'll watch your care- I mean, development with great interest.
Dismantling the PSI Policy
The Import Substitution Programme, based on flawed assumptions and the negation of basic economic concepts, such as comparative advantage and supply/demand dynamics, has failed Brazil in tackling the challenges of today
No need for it.
Embrace it.
Rebalancing the Budget in the Wake of the PSI
We have for years now spent millions on an unnecessary industrialisation programme, that achieved little and costed a great deal. As we finally move away from such outdated concepts, we can truly look towards the future with more optimism, and spend these resources in a wiser manner.
These funds will be better spent elsewhere.
Thirst for Rubber
The world demand for rubber skyrockets as the shadows of war covers the lands of Europe. With the most significant rubber reserves spoken for in the hands of European colonial powers, a grand opportunity arises to fill their place and supply the war rubber needed for conflict... if we can collect it in large enough amounts. A planned expansion of the rubber plantations in Acre will surely be a quick and certain way to bolster war profits.
These tyres will pay for our roads!
What's an Acre?
Orthodox Economists Praise our Policy
Economic thinking walked backwards in Brazil in recent years, but those who still remember the precepts of basic economics understand how needed our spending policy change was, even if it was not a populist move. In time, all of the nation will see the praise in this letter, which was published in the O Globo newspaper this morning, praising our economic policy.
We are doing it right.
Developmentalists Protest
Naturally, breaking pre-established concepts is a divisive move. The so called development brought by artificial state meddling in the economy is seen as a good thing by the uneducated masses of Brazil, who protested in large numbers against what they call 'selling out to foreigners'. The march attracted many opposition figures as well, as the hot political issue of the day was to spout nonsense about things that folk could not understand.
The economy, fools!
Coffee Industry Recovers
Thanks to our timely help, the coffee industry, previously ravaged and in shambles, once again climbs its way to prosperity in Brazil. Our grand republic celebrates a new era of fertility and riches, even as war engulfs the world around it.
Excellent.
Surge of Republican Popularity
Our measures have been proven unpopular enough that a massive surge in Republican party membership is visible, both in protests and in the press. Millions listen to the siren's call of state capitalism, but we must stand fast in our mission to improve Brazil's budgetary situation, no matter the cost.
Such is life in a free democracy.
Press Wars
While a politically charged press is nothing new, especially in the tumultuous world we live in, what is new the campaign of assault and smear led by Republicans against our government. Citing 'anonymous tips' and working of baseless assumptions, they claim that our government works for big business, not the people, and seeks to shackle us diplomatically to foreign powers as a 'colony all but in name'. While the evidence is clearly not enough, it's enough that we are forced to publish rebuttals in other newspapers, and go down to their level, exposing the deals Republicans have done through the years. We have reached a new low point in political discourse in this country.
Now that's just slander!
Positivist Propaganda
Positivism has been the founding precept of our republic. Our flag, and our motto, and the actions of the presidents who had Brazil in their hearts. Brazil marches towards the future, towards freedom from the shackles of ignorance, of poverty, of religion, pressing ever forward, following the march of history. It's long past time we renew these ideas we once held so close.
Excellent!
Country of the Future
Brazil's immense potential for greatness is often lost on the common folk in these trying times. We are surrounded by all manner of ill news, and allow us to believe that there is no future for us, as individuals and as a people. But there is a future for Brazil, one that shines brighter than ever before.
As it should!
Borges Triumphs in the South
Our party's strength in many ways depends on the influence of our local parties in the states of the union. Thus, Borges de Medeiros's victory in Rio Grande do Sul is vital in the grand scheme of things, for he has been an influential opponent of the Republican government throughout the years, and has great political capital within that state; which is all so vital due to its strategic position and very high militarisation. We can only hope that other states of great importance come to the fold in the near future.
Good for all!
Power and Responsibility
Our victory in the elections could not have been achieved without the crucial help of the workers of this great nation, who supported us every step of the way. However, said support also gave rise to rumours and panic of a syndicalist take over... our promises were many to the unions and other workers, but we should consider the stability of the nation and our government as well, for we could do no good if we enraged the military and were ousted from power...
Try to focus on stability.
Focus on helping the workers.
New Worker's Legislation
Our states will now have to abide to worker's legislations that are both modern and just, an example scarcely seen around the world. Many rights once considered dreams by Brazilian workers, such as paid vacations, are a few bureaucratic issues away from reaching realisation. Truly we have accomplished our mission; but more challenges lay ahead for Brazil!
A grand achievement!
Naval Officers Attempt Revolt!
Accusing our government of being syndicalist spies, many sailors have risen up in a revolt today in Rio de Janeiro. We managed to prevent them from taking over important ships, but we still had no choice but to suppress the violent revolt with a show of force. A regrettable loss of experienced manpower, no doubt, but also a warning of how we walk on the edge of a knife; our actions have consequences that we can only hope to predict.
Regrettable.
Mangabeira Reaffirms his Goals
João's presidency has been one of recovery and development, with its main goal of reforming worker's legislation successfully achieved. In a speech today at the Catete, he not only proudly claimed his mission to be accomplished, but also reinstated his vision for a free and democratic Brazil, without hunger, without inequality, and one that does now bow to foreign powers.
We will prevail!
Increased Syndicalist Support
Our government's achievements have been piggybacked by many worker's organisations that supported us throughout the years, including the CGT, whose membership and support has greatly increased since we reformed worker's legislation. While it's daft at best to assume that they were responsible for such improvement, the people have difficulty knowing that.
Naturally.
Increase Salaries?
While we have increased the growth of public salaries very recently, we did not increase their current value, infuriating certain sections of our government's base, such as the CGT and radical leftist deputies and senators. While an immediate increase could in theory be done, it would certainly damage our budget a great deal, so it's not something we should consider doing lightly.
That's quite excessive.
Do it.
The Chilean Crisis
We have never officially broken relations with Chile after the Syndicalist revolution, and many times have members from that government visited us. Today, an unknown person in Chilean politics, Mr. Labarca, visited the Catete and was welcomed by president Mangabeira, something that caused nothing less than a panic in the nation. The idea of a known syndicalist radical meeting with the president is seen as both absurd and borderline treason, and many military officers, and the press, issued statements that more read like ultimatums to our government than anything. If we fold to their demands, we will be arresting an innocent man and falling out of favour with any leftists in our nation and abroad; the opposite is true if we do not, but the danger of civil war looms on the horizon. A decision must be taken immediately.
Arrest him!
A fellow champion of the workers who doesn't wish us harm.
Coup Attempt!
The army would have no more! After the government's refusal of their demands, they prepare to assault the presidential palace and end our government by force! The so called Chilean Crisis has escalated in ways we could never have foreseen, and some already suggest the president to step down to avoid bloodshed. However, if we stand our ground, sympathetic elements in the army will surely side with us and we can in theory resist. Brazil stands at a crossroads in history, and the decision of our head of state will determine its future...
They shall not pass!
Do not resist... Brazil is liberated from Syndicalism!
Syndicalist Counter Coup!
Foul traitors have seized the presidential palace! After arresting President Mangabeira and declaring in a pronunciamento that they would not step down, the reactionary officers clearly miscalculated their strength in Rio, especially in terms of manpower. Leftist military men, worker's militia, anarchists and students, led by Isidoro Dias Lopes and Luis Carlos Prestes, not to mention civilian leaders, successfully seized barracks and the palace after a day of intense conflict... While the future is certainly uncertain, there is little doubt that Brazil's capitalists overplayed their hand, and accelerated the arrival of the revolution!
Brazil is Liberated from Capitalism!
Order Restored!
As we refused to step down, the barracks fell into chaos. The unexpected response resulted in mutinies, for a coup would not only be illegal, but dangerous considering the large amount of leftist and liberal forces who would surely oppose any kind of military takeover. As the crisis faded and we gathered our wits, our stand surely seems wise in hindsight, but one cannot help but wonder the great tragedy and loss of life that was so narrowly avoided...
Thankfully.
The First Congress of Trade Unions
As we purged Brazil of its capitalistic junta, we now have to decide on our new leadership. Many local syndicalists already were based in Rio for political reasons, but the decision on how Brazil will head towards socialism is now up in the air, to be decided by the first congress of trade unions. Three main ideological factions arose in the small time we had to ponder and debate. The Orthodox Syndicalists are, as the name suggest, the ones that are attuned to foreign intellectuals and European syndicalism, while the Autonomists see the European governments as excessively large and centralised, and claim that Brazil is simply too large and varied to be administrated in such a way. The third faction, the Maximalists, are a minority by a large margin, but their loud cries for action and strong leadership resonate with some leaders. No matter who walks off this first congress in power, this choice is an irreversible one for the path that our nation must take in following decades, and thus many debates are being held, even as forces outside the state seek to push for counter-revolution.
Autonomistas.
Ortodoxos.
Maximalistas.
The Union of Brazil is proclaimed!
Brazil's future is now! We have always lived under the oppression of a small upper class since our independence, but no more! The world is now aware of the power of the workers, and peoples of the Earth rise across the continents against their would-be masters. We will now ensure prosperity and peace for Brazil, for the workers, by the workers!
We have nothing to lose but our chains!
Provincial Revolts
The bourgeoisie have risen in revolt against our new union, led by provincial leaders who are terrified of losing their power. It was naive to think the transition could possibly be peaceful, but we must resist and press on for the sake of the workers in these states.
They resist progress.
Provincial Revolts Triumphant
We can resist the provincial forces no longer - we must give in.
The chains are restored.
Provincial Revolts Crushed
The provincial rebels have finally been routed, and the country is once again under our control. The union has emerged from the crisis victorious.
Huzzah!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Asks to Join the Internationale
The newly-formed [From.GetNameDef] has asked to join the world revolution, and intends to do their part at the side of [Root.GetAdjective] soldiers.
Of course!
They're more trouble than they're worth.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
We have been admitted to the ranks of the Internationale!
Ready the armies!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
Inexplicably, the [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our petition, apparently deciding that [Root.GetNameDef] in their alliance is more trouble than it's worth.
Too bad.
Germans Revolt
German-Brazilians have long lived in the southern parts of our country in large numbers, mostly arriving during the 1800s. However, our new government just so happens to be similar to that of Germany's great enemies, and these ignorant rural folks are naturally scared and upset. Opportunist leadership has them in open revolt, and it will be some time until we can send a force to restore order in these German-speaking villages and towns.
Regrettable.
Divided Clergy
It's no simple matter to be a man of God today. As we have continuously moved away from state Catholicism, many Christians in Brazil feel that our government is atheist, while others praise its work for the poor. The division is palpable, exacerbated by the tense political situation in Italy. We do not have the capacity or the mandate to end such strife inside the Church, but we can hope that the biggest faith in the country comes around and sees the good we do.
They will realise we are a force for good, sooner or later.
Italians confront each other
Italians in Brazil arrived here in the 1800s, as landowners sought cheap labour for their plantations after the abolition of slavery. They still kept arriving in large numbers, and it's without a doubt the largest immigrant community along with the Germans and Japanese. However, the Italian Civil War left scars on the people, who lost their homeland to war, and ideological allegiances to the Italian Social Republic were kept hidden until our proclamation of the Union of Brazil. Hiding turned into gloating, and then confrontations and angry mobs fight people they once saw as brothers for coming from the same place.
Regrettable.
Mission from [FROM.GetNameDef]
A diplomatic mission has arrived from [FROM.GetNameDef], hopeful to begin a new and fruitful relationship between the [FROM.GetAdjective] government and our own.
Allies are always welcome.
We have no interest in this.
Relations with [FROM.GetNameDef] Established
As expected, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government is eager to find more allies in the New World.
Excellent.
No Relations with [FROM.GetNameDef]
Our emissary reports that the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has no real interest in pursuing closer relations with us.
Every nation an island, hm?
Seize the Means of Production
As we are now a Syndicalist state, we will no longer be shackled by Capitalism and its way of production. The workers own all now!
Yes!
Sports Incentives?
Brazilians have always enjoyed sports, and to many it's their de facto religion. Sports build character, are excellent exercise and help children to focus and to learn to work in groups, and we should strive towards increasing funding for these endeavours; a universally popular measure, for a change.
It's the will of the people!
A waste of time for the Workers.
A Luta Final
This is it, the final struggle. We are facing down the grand behemoth of Capitalism, the global empire of tyranny which would inevitably result from Colonialist thievery. But we need not to be afraid! Across the world, workers of many nations prepare to fight alongside us, and justice will prevail!
Avante!
Redistributing Farmlands
Stripping lands from capitalists was the easy part; now we should strive to redistribute the lands in a fair manner. The farm owners should get a share, naturally, as should farmhands, but how to deal with those in the cities who requested land is a complicated matter that requires much study and consideration for individual cases. Thankfully, the rebels recently crushed were mostly backed by landowners, who we can reasonably strip lands from to attend the demands of these peoples; it's fair to assess that they lost the right to work due to their treason.
For our future!
Religion in the Union
As the issue of the Church continues, the Pope himself has recommended the priesthood to calm down and hope for the best. His Holiness worries that Brazil may yet try radical secularist measures, and many high-ranking Catholics already articulate détente negotiations with leaders of the union regarding the official status of the church, or perhaps lack thereof.
A developing matter.
Diminished Profits
We live in an era of turmoil; revolutions are not simple matters. While it's easy to say that the workers own the factories, many don't know how to work on non-manual labour, much less how to organise and maintain factories and other important functions once performed by low ranking capitalists.
Transition between production models is always a messy affair.
Aid from [BRA.GetNameDef]
An envoy has arrived from [BRA.GetNameDef], offering [BRA.GetAdjective] assistance and asking for nothing else is return other than greater cooperation between our governments.
We are grateful!
Colonels rise in Guerrillas
While banditry has never been exactly uncommon in north-eastern Brazil, its biggest thieves, the landowners who seek to enslave the proletariat, never had to resort to it. However, as the worker's government sought to dethrone them, they turned to cowardly and terrorist tactics in an attempt to intimidate us, and even joined forces with known criminal gangs!
Darn it!
Dealing with the Colonels
The landowner elites in the Northeast have been causing endless trouble for us, and we could attempt to negotiate some kind of settlement... or, do as the people want to, and send in the army to crush that foul rabble once and for all!
Crush that scum!
We'll make them an offer they can't refuse.
The New Cangaço
While banditry has never been exactly uncommon in north-eastern Brazil, its biggest thieves, the landowners who seek to enslave the proletariat, never had to resort to it. However, as the worker's government sought to dethrone them, they turned to cowardly and terrorist tactics in an attempt to intimidate us, and even joined forces with known criminal gangs! A new age of violence in Brazil's northeast is about to begin, and there is not much we can seemingly do to stop it.
That's not good!
The Second Congress of the Trade Unions
We meet again in the congress of trade unions, but this time, there are no significant ideological rifts to m ake the situation unstable or chaotic. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Maria Lacerda de Moura.
Astrojildo Pereira.
Avelino Fóscolo.
The Third Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Everardo Dias.
Candido Portinari.
Djalma Maranhão.
The Fourth Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich.
Otto Alcides Ohlweiler.
João Mangabeira.
The Fifth Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Apolônio de Carvalho.
Jorge Amado.
Cláudio Santoro.
Destroying the Apparatus of Tyranny
Our so called federal government has for a very long time been little more than a tool for tyranny, and dismantling its powers is one of the first orders of business for the Union of Brazil. A task that is much easier said than done, for sure, as from taxation to the archaic legal enforcement, we will need to rebuild the nation from the ground up
The Union Devolves its Powers!
Maria Lacerda de Moura Begins Campaigning
A famous anarchist activist from São Paulo, Maria Lacerda de Moura, is well known for her work promoting women's rights in the country, as well for authoring books considering 'scandalous' by chauvinist authors at the time. At the request of other activists in that city, she has accepted to run for the leadership of the Union of Brazil, considering she could do much more good for her cause from a position of influence.
A grand comrade.
Astrojildo Pereira and Avelino Fóscolo Break Up
For a very long time, Astrojildo Pereira and Avelino Fóscolo were almost like Siamese twins in meetings of the CGT, but this is finally a thing of the past, as the rifts between them in several matters has finally became too great for them not to see eye to eye anymore. While few can say for sure what happened behind closed doors to warrant such a fallout, rumours spread; anything from a lover to disputes regarding work hours could have potentially caused the rift, but it was almost certainly something that has been a long time coming, especially now that they do not have a common goal of toppling the republic to unite them.
They may well both run.
Seize Bank Assets
Banks in Brazil have always been instruments of oppression, designed to indebt the people as much as possible. But worse, they hoard fortunes that could have saved millions of lives from starvation and sickness. We finally will make proper use of their grand hoards, and spend the precious gold they so much valued to improve the lives of the people of Brazil.
Leeches!
Comrade Portinari Announces Political Intentions
Candido Portinari has never been exactly what you would call a career politician. He has always been an artist, first and foremost. While always involved and with an opinion grand matters of the day, he never really ran for any kind office... until now. Few can tell what motivated this shift, but the man himself claims he wants to 'make a difference' and help Brazil achieve its potential.
Good Luck!
Young Comrade Maranhão Gains in North-eastern Unions
While home to a smaller industrial sector, the Northern sections of the country have always been a hotbed for worker's abuse, and thus many influential worker's activists have risen there throughout the years. One such leader is the young Djalma, whose constant campaigning and activism made him the face of Brazil's new youth. His support among students and union leaders in the Northeast is considerable, and now he announced his wish to run for chairman of the Union, certainly a position far higher than he ever aimed before.
Another contender.
Comrade Dias Garners Support in the Southeast
Everardo Dias has been for a long time one of the major labour leaders in São Paulo. While born in Spain, he came to Brazil at a very young age, and ever since his youth has been a politically involved man, working with unions and left wing newspapers. The triumph of the Democratic Left in the last elections of the republic filled him with hope for the future, as did the proclamation of the union, and the man is genuinely enthusiastic about the prospect of leading Brazil to a new era of progress.
Good Luck!
Mangabeira returns to Public Life
João Mangabeira's efforts while president were perhaps, in hindsight, doomed to failure. His constant juggling of political forces while trying to improve worker's conditions ended in a catastrophic failure, as he was deposed by the military. His position was so weak afterwards, he was not even a factor in the first congress of trade unions, and mostly retired from public life. He, however, announces his return to it now, in what some may say is a controversial move. Time will tell what kind of motivation he has to emerge after so long again.
He was too trusting, but a good man. Welcome back!
Mangabeira Launches Conciliatory Candidacy
Today, a rather curious development and a sign of the times happened in Rio. Former president João Mangabeira declared his intention to run for chairman! While João Mangabeira's candidacy to become the new head of state is mostly symbolic, considering his slim chances, it shows that we are ready to turn the page on some of the most unfortunate chapters of Brazilian history.
A fascinating and historical development, even if mostly symbolic.
Maria Lacerda Endorses Otto Ohlweiler
While it's not a surprise that Maria Lacerda de Moura does not wish to run again for the position of chairman, not many in the public saw her official endorsement for a candidate coming; a candidate that is not even officially running yet, to boot. But now, Otto Alcides Ohlweiler, respected leader of Rio Grande do Sul's syndicalists, will have the support of one the major players in Paulista politics.
Interesting.
Otto Ohlweiler Pushes for Increased Autonomy
While always a supporter of our revolution, Otto Ohlweiler has slammed what he calls 'lingering presence' of the State Apparatus in Brazil. He urges of immediate and large-scale devolution of powers to the most basic levels of government, something that is perhaps rash considering the size of the country, and the inequalities still extant therein. Regardless, it will be with little doubt his main banner for the coming elections.
Perhaps it's too soon?
Elisa Kauffmann Gathers Support in São Paulo
The first female representative to be elected in Brazil, even if it was in the ill-fated final legislature, Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich has for a long time enjoyed an influential status in politics, especially in her home of São Paulo. While doing so without much support when it comes to political articulation, her impromptu candidacy has already highlighted her charisma and willingness to lead, and many leaders once thought spoken for voiced their support for her. Even so, it's reasonable to say she is not the frontrunner for the next congress.
Good Luck!
The Second Congress of the Trade Unions
We meet again in the congress of trade unions, but this time, there are no significant ideological rifts to m ake the situation unstable or chaotic. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Carlos Lacerda.
Luis Carlos Prestes.
Patrícia Rehder Galvão.
The Third Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Oswald de Andrade.
Pedro Ventura Pomar.
Lillia Ripoll.
The Fourth Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Otto Alcides Ohlweiler.
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra.
Rachel de Queiroz.
The Fifth Congress of the Trade Unions
Yet again, the unions gather to choose their new chairman. Young and new candidates gather for this immensely momentous occasion, where democracy can truly be at play. Throughout the last years, 3 candidacies for chairman have received enough attention to have a realistic chance at winning the elections for the post; them being:
Armanda Álvaro Alberto.
Maurico Grabois.
João Amazonas.
Carlos Lacerda Announces he will Run for Chairman
A well-known Syndicalist hardliner in Rio, Carlos Larcerda announced his intentions of running for chairman publicly earlier today. While most certainly a well-known journalist and an influential individual, some raise doubt on him due to his apparent lack of political and administrative experience.
Interesting.
Luis Carlos Prestes Runs on Aggressive Platform
To some, the army saved Brazil from both the monarchy and the republic. To those who see the military as the guardians of democracy, and that demand more aggressive measures in foreign and internal policy, a candidate catering to their needs is now running for chairman. Heavily influenced by European Syndicalists, Prestes does not take lightly to what he calls 'intellectual dishonesty' in heterodox measures and the slow reformation of Brazil into a proper syndicalist country. His rhetoric found ears in many of the common people, and he seems to be the current frontrunner.
Let's see if this rhetoric is heard.
Patricia Galvão Announces she will Run for Chairwoman
To many, the modernist avantgarde of Brazil are the intellectual and spiritual heart of the revolution; and to an even bigger number of people, the aggressive rhetoric pushed by Prestes' candidacy is simply too orthodox and European to ever truly consider the issues Brazil faces. While many candidates were spoken of during meetings of these anti-militarist syndicalist cliques, perhaps comes to the people as a surprise that not only their candidate for chairman is in fact a young woman, Patricia Rehder Galvão, who was always at the front lines of both intellectual pursuits and activism, being arrested multiple times in the last few years of the republic. While it's not likely for her to snag a victory from clear frontrunner Prestes, her fiery ambition surely seems to have captivated those around her.
A modern chairwoman for modern times?
Oswald de Andrade Signals he will Run for Chairman
While not at all involved in politics to the extent some of his colleagues have in recent years, Oswald de Andrade is still extremely well regarded by almost all factions in the Union for his literary and cultural contributions to the nation, and thankfully accepted the nomination to become a candidate for the chairman post. The ticket is almost a consensus one, with backings from many sectors of civil society, but time will tell if the people will get on board with such an inexperienced candidate.
Interesting.
Patricia Publicly Endorses Oswald
In a far from surprising move, Patricia Rehder Galvão, ex-wife of Oswald de Andrade, has announced that, at least in public, he has her support. While the end of their marriage was, to put it lightly, somewhat contentious, in recent years the pair had something for a détente, mostly due to the large number of friends in common both had inside and outside the party. Regardless of motivation, the fact is that many of the most well-known artists and intellectuals of the time have almost unanimously endorsed Oswald, who seems to be the current frontrunner for the position.
Expected.
Pedro Pomar Gathers Support in Trade Unions
Brazilian politics, much like its demographics and economics, mostly focuses on its eastern and southern states. For a union leader to rise to prominence of national level from these Northern states is a remarkable achievement, and yet still Pedro Pomar lacks mainstream recognition in many cities in Southern Brazil despite all his achievements at a young age. While the man certainly has his merits, his odds of winning the post of chairman are slim at best.
Does he have a chance?
Otto Ohlweiler and the Southern Autonomist Front
Syndicalism in Rio Grande do Sul has always worked a differently than that in other regions; division there was always mostly between anarchists and maximalists, and this high friction always hampered any hopes of left unity in Porto Alegre. In a symbolic and meaningful gesture, most union leaders in that state have met and launched Otto Ohlweiler to represent them on the chairman elections, what they call an 'autonomist' front seeking less centralisation by the union with a much stronger anarchist ideological backing. Time will tell if this candidacy is merely a show of unity, or if it's really an important step in Brazil's history.
Good luck!
North-eastern Unions Endorse Rachel de Queiroz
In what has been perhaps the greatest political gathering in the Brazilian northeast in a very long time, the political forces there have finally come to an agreement on their planned candidate for chairman. Rachel de Queiroz, long-time veteran of the worker's struggle and a talented author, the well known name is an almost ideal and conciliatory pick for the grand regional congress. Time will tell if she has what it takes to take such popularity and ensure a victory in the next congress.
Interesting.
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra Announces her Political Goals
Another very well-known modernist and feminist leader, Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra, has for a long time taken a backseat at politics since the revolution, focusing on other matters of her life. But now, after a brief stint returning as the syndical leader of the very influential union of artists, she has announced her intention to run for the post of chairman, and enjoys the support of the vast majority of modernists. Her daring attitude and long history of struggle made her famous both in Rio and other cities, and such a well-known public figure is likely to have to spend little effort in making herself known. Time will tell if the actress turned politician has what it takes to lead the union.
Best of luck!
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra Dies
Earlier today, Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra died while playing cards, as she suddenly fell ill and died of a stroke. Leaving behind her family and a great legacy, few intellectuals or political leaders had as much an important role in Brazilian history.
Rest in Peace, Comrade.
Leôncio Basbaum Rises Through the Ranks
While the Maximalist party has greatly grown in size since the revolution for rather obvious reasons, Leôncio Basbaum has been for years perhaps one the chief leaders of the party, outside of chairman Abilio himself. For many, he is the natural successor, even if such talk is discouraged by party leadership, and he has recently acted like this is a fact as well, seeking to appear publicly as much as possible, and to garner support from officers. Time will tell if his efforts will be fruitful.
Perhaps comrade Abilio's successor?
Isidoro Dias Lopes improves his Position
An old military man, Isidoro Dias Lopes has always been deeply respected by all officers even before the Civil War. He always leaned left, but rightfully believed that placing supreme executive power in the hands of the common people without properly developing the nation would lead to chaos; he was perhaps the most high-ranking figure to support the Maximalist faction in the first congress. Now, he seeks to ensure the safety of the nation and his great popularity; while it's unlikely that he will outlive chairman Abilio, he certainly seems to be his current heir apparent.
It seems old dogs can learn new tricks.
Renewed National Spirit
For too long, the people of Brazil have not seen themselves as citizens of a nation, but rather of their provinces, a behaviour celebrated by capitalists who wished the workers' position to be as weak and meek as possible. Not anymore! Our new flag is being produced en masse, at every workshop and factory, and people are for the first time proud to be Brazilian in a long time.
Huzzah!
Laicist Policies Fail
Attempts to detach the church from daily life of people have been... failures. The people see this as an attack on their very beings, and as an attempt to brainwash them, and such direct action was almost uniformly met with hostility. We have no option other than to seek a settlement with the Church.
Bastards!
Terrorist Plot Foiled
A plot to kill the chairman and install a bourgeois regime in Brazil has been foiled today. While some of the suspects are not exactly surprises, the presence of Anarchists is an unsettling matter than proves that anyone could be a traitor, and that we should remain vigilant.
They will be thoroughly interrogated... and disposed of.
A Settlement with Religious Groups
As we ensure Brazil's future, we must be careful not to isolate Brazilians from their personal long held beliefs. The church is as much a cultural aspect as a religious one in Brazil, and thus we have worked towards convincing the Church that we, unlike the barbarians in Europe, have a better understanding of the society we live in, and will not do any rash actions against men of the cloth... we, however, cannot guarantee their safety if they turn against the people, can we? And we are the people, in more ways than one.
A satisfactory outcome in the long term.
Manuel Bandeira Publishes 'Estrela da Manhã'
Renowned poet Manuel Bandeira has published yet another book, 'Estrela da Manhã', which is also bound to be acclaimed by the public. Known for his modernist and innovative style, the author has frequently gone against the current of 'well organised' poetry, especially in recent years. Having arrived back in Brazil after years in Europe at the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, his work gradually became more heterodox in each book, with subjects of poems often mixing comedic, deathly or even vulgar tones, and this drift towards modernism is very well shown in his most recent book. While praise is almost universal in more modern literary circles, some intellectuals like Plinio Salgado slammed the poet as cheap and overly cynical.
Grand!
Carlos Drummond de Andrade Publishes 'Sentimento do Mundo'
The current World War's news and images certainly have made quite the impact on people of many walks of life. Carlos Drummond de Andrade is no different, and his newest book seeks to capture the insecurity and danger the world at large feels as it's surrounded and engulfed by war in a brutal scale never before seen. While the theme is certainly one of reflection of the times we live on, it cannot be classified as a manifesto or as a political publication; rather, its poems show a window to the thoughts and feelings of man in such troubling times.
We do live in troubling times, indeed.
Gimarães Rosa publishes 'Magma'
Gimarães Rosa, like most Brazilians, has been affected by the economic issues of the time, and has found himself caving to the pressure to publish a book he never had any intention to. While lauded and well known in literary circles, the 'Magma' collection of poems has been something of a mystery, until this release, and it's expected to sell well for a book of that type.
I never even heard of him to be frank.
Casa-Grande & Senzala is Republished
The masterpiece of modern sociological thought, Casa-Grande & Senzala, has been republished today, in what some decry as a politically charged move. Regardless, the contents of the book remain unchanged: a deep analysis of Brazil's cultural, racial and social history, breaking myths that some held for decades. The book not only refutes the supposed 'inferiority' of Brazil due to miscegenation, but also lauds how the Brazilian people inherited the best of its many peoples; Indians, Moors, Blacks, and Europeans have lived side by side and created a Brazilian race that is among the best on this planet.
A masterpiece improved.
Monteiro Lobato Publishes More Children's Books
While nowadays more well-known due to his unique political opinions and signature eyebrow, Monteiro Lobato's work has always been chiefly that of a children's book author. He produced a new batch this year, focusing yet again mainly on Brazilian folklore and his main character's myriad adventures. While the man can be divisive, his books are without a doubt a success with the little ones.
A fascinating fellow.
'A Mulher sem Pecado' premiers in Rio
Nelson Rodigues' new play has been the talk of the federal district, as per usual for something as brazenly sarcastic, a tragic comedy of the modern days. As the protagonist, Olegário, falls further and further into a spiral of hatred and jealousy towards his wife, their lives are bit by bit ruined and eroded by that poison. To him, everyone, from the insane beggar down the street to his own brother in law, are lovers of his wife, and he is sure she is not faithful, and hounds her for it. But in the end, his obsessive behaviour ends up making her do turn away from him and she runs off with the chauffeur of the household, leaving Olegário humiliated and alone, mostly due to his own delusions to begin with.
A tragic tale.
'Pedra do Sono' is Published in Recife
João Cabral de Melo Neto has published earlier this week 'A Pedra do Sono', a collection of poems, mostly centred on dreamscapes and surrealist thought and aesthetics. Simply put, it's not a book for everyone, with some describing it as a masterpiece, while other claiming that it's 'gibberish' without any kind of rhyme, much less reason.
I'm not sure I understood it either...
Marques Rebelo publishes 'A Estrela Sobe'
Marques Rebelo, inheritor of our proud tradition of captivating literature, 'A Estrela Sobe' tells a tale of fame and dreams in a realistic, yet caustic, deception of modern day Rio de Janeiro, as a young lady tries to rise and become a radio star. While it deals with sensitive and mature themes, the book has been a great success, even if criticised by some for what some claim to be 'apology to immorality'.
A good one!
Modernists Gather in São Paulo Again
While modernist circles have met and even had exhibitions of their own, their grand meeting in São Paulo today is the beginning of a new era. A whole week dedicated to modern, Brazilian art, with all that entails, has begun today, sponsored by São Paulo's magnates. While there is a remarkable influence of European thought in the works present, they also are distinctively Brazilian in their own way, and mark an important turning point in arts and even culture in our nation.
A grand tradition.
The World Cup is Postponed!
Due to the current global conflict, the greatest tournament on Earth cannot occur. Disappointing, but we will wait until peace is settled so we can host it.
Boooo!
The World Cup Begins!
Sixteen nations have gathered in Brazil to play in the 1938 Football World Cup. As the world turns its attention to our stadiums, eager crowds get ready to what they hope will be Brazil's first title, but Uruguay's strong team is already training in Rio for a month. The opening match, in Rio, will be between Brazil and Hungary.
Good luck!
Uruguay Wins World Cup!
Predictably, Uruguay has stormed though the opposition and gained its 5th Championship Title, and second World Cup title. The Celeste Olimpica defeated hosts Brazil 2-0 in the final of the record setting tournament.\n\nWhile being a strong team and host nation, Uruguay's experienced and talented squad managed to resist Brazil's valiant efforts and win with a goal in each half, and their great skill was recognised by the crowd.
Brazil Wins World Cup!
The crowd goes wild in Brazil as the host nations upset the world of Football! Uruguay's reign lasted since before the first world cup, and it seemed to be continuing as they were up 1-0 at half time in the final against the hosts.\n\nHowever, Brazil's pressure resulted in 2 goals in the second half, and Batatais, the goalkeeper from local club Fluminense SC, held his ground against the Uruguayan counter offensive. History was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Austria Wins World Cup!
Edged by Germany in 1934, the Austrian team came to Uruguay as not even a favourite, but comes home as World Champions. The fast football of the Austrians managed to defeat powerhouses like Brazil, Uruguay and most notably Hungary, in a rough match that required a replay after tense 0-0.\n\nHistory was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Hungary Wins World Cup!
An impressive and unparalleled achievement was conquered by Hungary, as they are the first European nation to win the World Cup! After a shocking win against the host Brazil in the opening match, the Magyar team quickly became the host nation's favourite team due to their incredible skill.\n\nThe so-called Magical Magyars made history, after beating Argentina in the Semi Finals and Uruguay in the final. With a score line of 3-2, what is to many the greatest match in football so far ended Uruguayan hegemony. History was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Germany Wins World Cup!
The Kronprinz can truly rejoice, for what was once considered a pipe dream is now a reality; Germany won the World Cup! Few could have predicted this outcome, especially after the defeat at home in 1934, but finally the Kaiserreich has won where it truly matters: football!\n\nThe tense final with Uruguay ended 1-1, and a miraculous extra time goal by Josef Gauchel sealed the outcome as the crowd celebrated the underdogs. History was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Chile Wins World Cup!
Chile's road to the World Championship was a difficult one, for their bracket included an early confrontation with Uruguay right at the first game. After their shocking win, the team took off and was not stopped even by the host in the final.\n\nWhile naturally mired by some political controversy, history was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Argentina Wins World Cup!
In an incredible surprise, Argentina has claimed the title of World Champion! In a campaign that was in many ways impressive, Argentina managed to finally get their revenge for the final in 1930, and defeated Uruguay.\n\nHowever, the hardest game was the semi-final against Brazil, an incredibly tense 1-0. History was made and now two nations can claim the title of world champion!
Hurrah! We are victorious!
We congratulate the winners.
Tenentist Uprising Quashed
After several days of discontent, the barracks in Porto Alegre have risen in revolt, and were severely punished for their treason. A regrettable symptom of the trying times we live in.
A minor inconvenience.
Tenentist Uprisings Quashed
More barracks have risen up in revolt, this time in Salvador. The local garrison demanded fairer prices and a better democracy, but said vague demands were silenced by loyalists who stormed their barricaded living quarters.
Major Tenentist Uprising Quashed
In Rio, São Paulo and several other cities, what seems to have been a coordinated revolt happened. However, the truth is different, and almost every mutineer had a different vision for Brazil and its future; even if most leaned slightly left in Rio itself, shaping public opinion on the uprising to be Syndicalist in nature. Regardless of their motives, the revolt quickly collapsed upon itself at the lightest of resistance from loyalists, but its impact shows immense fragility in our government both at home and abroad.
Regrettable.
Another Tenentist Uprising Quashed
Yet another uprising in the barracks! While their demands were similar in nature to the previous ones, this time we managed to destroy the revolt in a relatively swift and decisive fashion.
Alright, that's enough now.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Petitions to Join the Reichspakt
[From.GetNameDefCap] Petitions to Join the Entente
[From.GetNameDefCap] Petitions to Join our Alliance
Representatives from the [From.GetAdjective] government met with [Root.GetAdjective] officials today, making an official request to ally with [Root.GetNameDef]. While far off, they are a nation of no small means, and could possibly be of use to [Root.GetAdjective] war efforts.
Of course!
No, we've no wish to involve ourselves in their conflicts.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed to an alliance with [Root.GetNameDef], effective immediately.
Ready the armies!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
Inexplicably, the [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our petition, apparently deciding that [Root.GetNameDef] in their alliance is more trouble than it's worth.
Too bad.
The Imperial Coronation
Today is a great day for Brazil, as Dom Pedro III de Orléans e Bragança was crowned as Emperor at the Candelária Cathedral in Rio de Janeiro. After a long ceremony, our sovereign took the oath of office and was acclaimed by the people. This is the beginning of a new age for our country!
Viva o Imperador! Viva o Brasil!
The Brazilian Demands
Brazil has sent what can pretty much be interpreted as a thinly veiled ultimatum to surrender diplomatic independence from them. While it's far from being a sensible request, Brazil's Emperor is almost certain to not take a refusal lightly... Our forces stand ready to defend us, but the choice ultimately falls to the president. What should we do?
It seems we have no choice but to agree.
Never! Let them come, if they dare!
[PAR.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
Paraguay, certainly aware of the consequences of defying Brazil now, has gracefully accepted our terms. They will be protected and guarded, and never again be led astray by madmen
Excellent.
[PAR.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
Paraguay's deluded leadership has declared war! Lusting to conquer Brazil in the name of their insane ambitions of grandiose conquest, Paraguay has formally declared war on us, justifying said declaration on a fake ultimatum! The demands are cartoonishly brazen, and were quickly debunked by the press. Now the Empire has awoken, and we teach them a lesson that they won't forget!
This time, we'll cut them down to the last!
Investment from [BRA.GetNameDef]
Brazil has decided it would be wise to improve the situation in the kingdom. Thus, we will seek to make the most use their generous aid
We are grateful.
The Brazilian Demands
Ever since the Empire of Brazil was proclaimed, few doubted they would try again to seek supremacy in the continent. Now, after months of tense diplomacy, Brazil used a few criminals crossing the border as an excuse for an ultimatum: Uruguay is to surrender its diplomatic independence and allow use of all its ports and roads to the Empire of Brazil. The intent is obviously to turn our nation into a puppet state, and to start to exert control over the River Plate; not to mention the aggressive and coercive tone in the ultimatum. However, the Empire's power far dwarfs ours, or that of our possible allies in an eventual war; some say that accepting is the only way of saving Uruguay from a lost war and annexation.
[URG.GetNameDefCap] Has Agreed
Uruguay, realising that the alternative was to become an Imperial province, has surrendered use of all its ports and roads to the Brazilian Army, and recognised our protection on all diplomatic matters; they are safely under our wing and the River Plate is secured.
Excellent.
[URG.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused
The Cisplatine dogs have refused our generous offer of autonomy... They will be punished
Then war it is!
Republican Victory in Brazil
Liberal Victory in Brazil
Democratic Left Victorious in Brazil
Integralists Victorious in Brazil
While certainly not an unexpected result, confirmation has reached us that the Republican Party will stay in power in Brazil, as it has since the start of the New Republic in 1927. The new president of the republic, Getulio Vargas, will be sworn in in January, but has already promised to deal with a firm hand against the economical issues plaguing the country, and also promises to do better for the common man of Brazil in his victory speech.\n\nHowever, the Republican victory will not mean such an instant end to Brazil's woes, and time will tell if this continued hegemony will have positive consequences.
An alliance of the old guard, opposition members and many types of liberals, the Liberal Party was seen as the second horse in the presidential race, but now it stands at the top with the dust settled, having edged the Republicans all so narrowly. With a party programme based on the idealistic principles that were failed to be upheld by the first republic, and a will to diversify and modernise the economy and bring growth back to the nation, the PL leadership will begin in January, as preparations for the peaceful transfer of power occur.\n\nTime will tell if such an idealist and somewhat unstable government can keep the country on a good path in these troubling times.
Democracy in Brazil was rocked by the results of the general election: the Democratic Left, an extremely large tent alliance of centre-left and leftist parties, united by a common platform of sweeping worker's rights reform, has won general elections in Brazil. A surprising result to many observers, others claim that the wide appeal and clear goals of the coalition gave it a broader base than its opponents.\n\nNow, João Mangabeira, curiously the brother of current president Otávio Mangabeira, will take office in January, and he has perhaps the impossible task of keeping a coalition that has everything from social liberals to maximalists from tearing itself apart, as he has to manage this marriage of convenience while making the reforms that got him elected a palpable reality.
In an unexpected turn of events, the elections in Brazil ended in an surprising upset win for the Brazilian Integralist Action. The sweeping movement took over Brazil by storm, and its anti political establishment message of faith, national pride, and monarchism found many sympathetic listeners from the poorest neighbourhood to the mightiest manor.\n\nNow the relatively politically inexperienced party has to deal with the burdens of power, and many fear that the fragile alliance between different factions inside the Action may weaken the party. Nonetheless, its influence has now increased quite considerably, and a restoration of the monarchy is considered by observers to be a near certainty at this point.
As expected.
An upset for sure.
Dancing with Syndicalists is a dangerous move.
Will the Empire return?
This bickering of capitalists does not\nconcern us.
In the end, capitalism cannot be changed.\nA fool's errand.
Getúlio Vargas Proclaims the New State
Getúlio Vargas has, over the last few years, immensely grown his grip over the state apparatus, as the instability in Brazil has been subsiding and he claims all credit for it. Now, in a bold move to ensure peace and stability, he has assumed total control over lawmaking and granted himself numerous emergency powers, \
Vargas has indeed assumed direct control.
At least no more pretension of democracy, but a worrying development.
Constitutionalist Revolt in Brazil
The state of São Paulo, perhaps the most powerful in Brazil, has taken up arms against Getúlio Vargas and his New State, claiming his rule to be an utterly unconstitutional dictatorship, after several attempts by the influential president to meddle in affairs of the state, including trying to impose a state president of his own trust rather than elected.\n\nNow, tensions have utterly boiled over, and nothing but war can happen between São Paulo and other states, who were called by the earlier to join them in their struggle. Time till tell if this call will be heard, or if the revolt will be snuffed out.
Centralisation is never easy.
A chance for the people?
Constitutionalist Revolt in Brazil Succeeds!
As Getúlio is arrested, and put on await for trial, the constitutionalist revolutionaries who fought so hard for this moment celebrate across Rio and Brazil.\n\nNow, the republic's previous framework will be re-instated, and will closely follow the political ways of the Second Republic, but with extra safeguards against ambitious would be dictators, and even greater autonomy for member states of the Union.
Brazil's democracy gets a second chance.
Workers dead for no change at all, sadly.
Constitutionalist Revolt in Brazil Fails!
São Paulo may have been powerful, but it could not stand against the might of Brazil. As their surrender was accepted, pro Getúlio rallies broke throughout the nation, and few can doubt that the man's grip on power is in fact stronger than it ever was.\n\nWith most of his relevant opponents in exile or arrested, Getúlio can focus himself to other matters, for he certainly has won the dangerous game of Brazilian politics, and has a degree of control until now unprecedented in the hands of one man, even in the times of the monarchy in the nation.
The New State made its show of force.
Workers dead for no change at all, sadly.
Imperial Restoration in Brazil
When the Empire of Brazil fell in 1889, Pedro II resigned himself to that fate, and refused to fight back. Since then, the republican United States of Brazil have been plagued by economic woes, corruption and even civil wars. Following a victory by the Integralists in elections, and a public consultation on the matter, today at the Candelária Cathedral in Rio the Emperor Pedro III of Brazil was crowned in an unusually lavish ceremony even for monarchic standards.\nNow, the Integralists and the new Emperor will set their sights in restoring the former glory of Brazil, and will no doubt change the nation in a perhaps irreversible fashion. While republican demonstrations were held at the time of the ceremony, they were swiftly dispersed by the Army, and the nation wonders if this Empire will finally bring peace to the troubled South American country.
A new power is rising!
Workers dead for no change at all, sadly.
Rondon's Revolt
Cândido Rondon, a renowned and respected marshal of Brazil, has returned from one of his by now usual expeditions deep into the northern jungles. With his shock at the news of the Integralist efforts to restore the monarchy, as devout republican he openly voiced his discontent. The worried government in Rio de Janeiro ordered his arrest, however the man's loyal military men refused the order, and he rose in open revolt in the west of the country.\nWhile the revolt has a deep rooted republican origin, his support of local strongmen is also speculated to come from traditionally powerful politicians whom were losing power in the new Integralist order of things. It seems that Brazil is facing its second civil conflict in the century, and the nation holds its breath as open war is now inevitable.
How can an old man be so stubborn?
A chance for the people?
Rondon's Revolt Crushed
Cândido Rondon's revolt has been crushed, and his forces have been utterly defeated. While the leader of the revolt could not be found, for he fled into the forest with his most loyal servicemen, the back of the republican movement was crushed, for the uprisings inspired by the man revealed the true allegiances of many a would be traitor in the nation.\n\nNow, the Integralists can follow through with their plans completely unabated.
The empire struck back!
Workers dead for no change at all, sadly.
Rondon's Revolt Triumphant
The republic stands strong and victorious in Brazil, as Cândido Rondon's daring revolt against the Integralist government resulted in a large scale conflict, and the defeat of that government, as various states joined the republican uprising and divided the already overstretched military. Rondon, under cheers from his fellow republicans, is now is thrust into a provisory presidency, a role he certainly never wanted, but has vowed to hold elections as scheduled, and not to take any radical measures.\n\nMany speculate the old man will finally retire, the great Revolution fought across Brazil being his final adventure.
Brazil's democracy gets a second chance.
Workers dead for no change at all, sadly.
The Union of Brazil Is Proclaimed!
Uproar over diplomatic overtures with Syndicalist Chile caused a deep constitutional crisis, and resulted in a coup by members of the military who thought the ED was sliding into socialism. However, the coup was short lived, and the army loyalists have arrested or exiled most of their leadership. Even further, these officers have proclaimed the Union of Brazil, a syndicalist government, for after seeing the sweeping progress Chile made in its military since the revolution, many more officers leaned towards the left.\nNow, the Union will hold its First Congress of Trade unions, and will convene to choose which path Brazilian Socialism will take. Upon the news arriving of the so called Union of Brazil being proclaimed, multiple state governors have now openly rebelled, and will seek to restore the United States of Brazil to a democratic state.
The syndicalist menace spreads!
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
Reactionary Uprising Victorious in Brazil
The will of the people has been heard, proclaimed Rio Grande do Sul's strongman Getúlio Vargas as he spoke after a victorious march on Rio after he symbolically tied his horse to the Obelisk in Rio Branco avenue. The revolting barracks have been taken, and the so called Congress of Trade Unions closed. The republic's former framework will be re-established in due time, and the men responsible for this chaos, especially the \
Disaster was averted.
A regrettable step backwards.
Reactionary Uprising Crushed in Brazil
With the end of the revolt and the surrender or exile of the involved state presidents, the Union of Brazil cemented its position in power. However, the conflict has left its scars, and already the cries of both amnesty and treason trials echo across the nation, as the intense resentment towards the central government does not fade with the end of the armed conflict.\n\nTruly, only the first step in what is sure to be an era of immense change in Brazil as a whole.
Disaster was averted
You cannot march against history!
Brazil
Brazilian
Brazil
Union of Brazil
the Union of Brazil
Union of Brazil
the Union of Brazil
Union of Brazil
the Union of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Empire of Brazil
the Empire of Brazil
Claudio Franco de Sá Santoro
Claudio Franco de Sá Santoro is an extremely renowned musician and composer. His music career began while still young, but his involvement with the Internationale is just as old, as he often found his colleagues involved with syndicalist and leftist organisations even from very early in his life.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1919, in Manaus, Amazonas, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_claudio_franco_de_sa_santoro_desc_body$ His long standing leftist sympathies made his art become quite the partisan affair, but since the establishment of the Union his work has received far greater attention, rather than scorn. Now using his fame in politics, the Manauense seeks to continue the work of his predecessors in the Union, and has for the time being left music as little more than a hobby, while many within Brazil worry about his relative lack of experience in positions of such importance.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1919, in Manaus, Amazonas, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_claudio_franco_de_sa_santoro_desc_body$ His appointment to the position of the first head of state of his new country is a recognition of his career in both of those fields, but also an immense responsibility, as the riverine republic has to repair the immense wartime damage, both administrative and in infrastructure, while also dealing with the powerful and avaricious landowners who see Claudio as a foreign collaborator, and will stop at nothing to keep the people ignorant and to ransack of the world's greatest forest of its riches. Dealing with these opponents may well be a complicated matter for the young socialist, who is still seen as excessively hopeful and naive, and perhaps may require foreign intervention.§!
João Amazonas de Souza Pedroso
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1919, in Belém, Pará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Amazonas de Souza Pedroso's involvement with politics and the socialist movement began relatively recently, in 1932, during one of the first actions of the newly founded Democratic Left in his hometown. While initially a social democrat, as the years went by he drifted further left, frustrated with the power the landowners had over democratic institutions and growing more and more cynical of the capacity of democracy to bring real change to his home. Now, he is in a position to do much more after the liberation of Brazil, as the head of state and chairman of his homeland, and bring the modern age to Pará as a whole; and this time, it's the landowners who are at the mercy of the proletariat, and not the other way around. In due time, he hopes, the lands around the river he was named for will become known as a shining example of socialist success and prosperity.§!
Abilio de Nequete
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1888, in Fih-el-Khoura, Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate, Ottoman Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn Orthodox Christian hailing from Lebanon, Abilio de Nequete is actually not his birth name, that being Abdo Nakt. He came to Brazil looking for his father, who had emigrated years earlier than him, in 1903, and reunited with him shortly thereafter. However, soon their political differences put a wedge on their relationships, and later on Abilio converted to Spiritism and joined union circles. Inspired by the revolutions in Europe, he joined the anarchist International Workers Union, but their militant atheism caused him and some other men to split off and form the Maximalist Union, a party that opposed their ideas in more matters than just religion. The Maximalist movement grew and garnered much strength in Porto Alegre, but still he faced opposition from anarchist unions, who were still the majority in the city, but his influence grew with time. In recent years, he was influenced by other centralist socialists abroad, and his Maximalist Union was one of the many leftist movements to support the so called Democratic Left. He is well respected by most Syndicalists in Brazil, even if his scathing and combative personality got him kicked out of more than one meeting. To him, Brazil's many issues after a decade of chaos can only be solved by a firm hand and unity among the people, a view shared by many army and navy officers. However, anarchists are still the biggest opponents to him in the political arena.§!
Minervino de Oliveira
Like many of Brazil's poor, Minervino de Oliveira began to work as a child, and from his earliest years of adulthood he already was an influential union member, and also an early member of the Brazilian Syndicalist Party and contributor to leftist newspapers. By the time the New Republic arose, he was a natural candidate to enter the political arena, and he entered Rio's city council in 1928. In the next decade, his staunch defence of workers rights and support of strikes garnered him many admirers and even more enemies. In 1936, his support to the Democratic Left front of João Mangabeira was a key turning point in the ideologically charged and contentious electoral race
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1891, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_minervino_de_oliveira_desc_body$, and he became nationally known after the endorsement. Thrust into his new position by the first congress of trade unions, Oliveira is the first black president and the first syndicalist to occupy the highest office in the country, and the nation holds its breath to see what will come to pass during the Oliveira government.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 1st, 1891, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_minervino_de_oliveira_desc_body$. Thrust into his new position by the liberation of his land, Oliveira is the first of hopefully many leaders of this relatively young nation, and hopes to create a legacy of equality and prosperity that will contrast with the terrible legacy left behind by Brazil and its political cronies.§!
Carlos Frederico Werneck de Lacerda
Carlos Frederico Werneck de Lacerda was born in the very year the Weltkrieg started, and his very name is significant to understand him; Carlos comes from Karl Marx, Frederico from Friedrich Engels, as his father was a socialist activist as well who greatly admired the duo; In time, he followed in his father's footsteps, and joined the CGT and became a full time leftist activist as early as 1932, when he put his law degree on the backseat to focus on the political realm entirely. Long involved in the Democratic Left and before that the CGT, he found himself rapidly rising in the ranks of Brazilian syndicalist circles, thanks to his no nonsense attitude and oratory talent; albeit some claim this is due to his father's influence, not his own talent. His faith in syndicalism is unabated by the crises that followed the past decade in the world, and he took an active part in bringing it to his home. Now, he has taken up the great responsibility of leading his new nation, and to finish the fight against the capitalist rot of
for good, and seeks to implement extensive reforms on almost all matters of state. However, his somewhat aggressive demeanour may result in issues both domestically and abroad when it comes to close negotiations.
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1914, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_carlos_frederico_werneck_de_lacerda_desc_body$ Brazil $BRA_carlos_frederico_werneck_de_lacerda_desc_end$§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 30th, 1914, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_carlos_frederico_werneck_de_lacerda_desc_body$ the former Brazil $BRA_carlos_frederico_werneck_de_lacerda_desc_end$§!
Luís Carlos Prestes
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1898, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile he hails from Rio Grande do Sul, Luís Carlos Prestes started his political activity in Rio de Janeiro, where he became an officer and partook in Tenentist revolts, especially left wing ones. There, he was also exposed to the new ideals of Syndicalism as espoused in Europe, and formally joined that movement shortly after the New Republic was established in 1927, and even spent some years in France, at the behest of that country's government. This naturally made him suspect to many who assumed him to be a foreign agent, but his charisma and aggressive politics ensured he remained a relevant figure, and now not only did he finally manage to liberate Brazil from capitalism, but was elected as the chairman of the nation. He has widespread, nearly nationwide military support, due to his long standing principles of anti-corruption struggle, but he's also kept in touch with officers and diplomats from his time in France. Said international connections and charisma made him a natural choice for the leader of the newly founded commune, and now he assumes a position at the absolute forefront of the revolutionary vanguard. A somewhat reserved man regarding personal matters, he has never married, once stating that he 'never met the one'. While the worst period of post-revolutionary unrest has come and gone, it's still a tenuous balance that keeps the political authority of the Union together, but Prestes's longstanding military connections afford the nation a great deal of stability in these turbulent times.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1898, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduated at the Realengo military academy in 1919, and afterwards worked as a railway engineer in the Rio district of Deodoro, but quickly was transferred to Rio Grande do Sul after an uprising against the government less than two years later. Living in a situation of quasi-exile until the civil war, he later became an extremely influential leader of the far left, constantly pushing politically for worker's legislation and such left wings causes, and partook in some tenentist revolts in his youth years, often at great cost to his prospective career as an officer. However, he is seen with immense distrust by right wing civilians and military alike due to his close links to the Internationale, including a recent trip to France and Britain.§!\n\n§YNotes: Sometimes known by the rather lofty nickname of 'Knight of Hope' for his constant struggle in favour of the poor.§!
Patrícia Rehder Galvão
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1910, in São João da Boa Vista, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPatrícia Rehder Galvão, sometimes referred to as her pseudonym of Pagu, is one of the youngest and most energetic leaders of the left in Brazil. Born in to a German mother and a French father in the town of São João da Boa Vista, she started her forays into both politics and writing at an early age, despite her deeply conservative background, with a small role at a newspaper in 1925, at age 15, and joined modernist and heavily left leaning circles at 18 shortly after finishing school. The nickname of Pagu derives from one of her fellow modernist writers mistakenly assuming her name to be Patríca Goulart, and stuck as a moniker throughout her life since then. Her political activism truly started in the 1930s, as she and other intellectuals felt that all the turmoil of the last decade did little to improve the situation of her fellow Brazilians. Her former husband was none other than Oswald de Andrade, who also happens to be influential among syndicalist intellectuals, and is nowadays a close political associate of his ex-wife, despite the relatively turbulent divorce they experienced, allegedly due to bouts of jealousy after one of the couple's many visits to the Commune of France, due to their shared views and values for the future of the country as a whole. As if the institution of the Union of Brazil wasn't enough to infuriate conservatives, the election of a divorced, single woman to the position is bound to intensely irritate those who still believe the government to be illegitimate, and Patrícia's short temper for those who believe they can tell her what to do is bound to cause political attrition.§!
José Oswald de Sousa de Andrade
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1890, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Oswald de Sousa de Andrade has always been an intellectual first and a politician second, but his influence on leftist circles across Brazil cannot be understated. His role in the modernist is quite extensive, with some coming as far as calling him its founder and main proponent. While he used to be married to Patricia Rehder Galvão, who is more known by her nickname Pagu, the marriage broke down in less than half a decade, as did his previous marriage to another renowned artist, Tarsila do Amaral. While he is known for generally humoured and spirited demeanour, he also is described as combative and often aggressive in arguments, which may explain his relationship's short duration. Still, his charisma carried him with relative ease to a victory in swaying the congress of trade unions to choose him as the leader of the revolution, a task he plans to take on very seriously. While his literary and artistic identity is well defined, few can guess what kind of leader he will be on the international arena, and the nation now pays close attention whether he will make friends or enemies when meeting with foreign diplomats.§!
Lila Ripoll
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1905, in Quaraí, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLila Ripoll began her public life as studying and performing music in Porto Alegre, but she also was a poet before she entered politics, a sudden change she and few around her could have predicted. Such a sudden change came when her cousin Waldemar Ripoll was assassinated in 1936, allegedly on the orders of one of the major local strongmen, Flores da Cunha. This strengthened her resolve, and compelled her to join the unions in their strikes. Her determination to make a positive impact, constant and active political presence, and rising renown among the Unions of Brazil, who see her and her story as a symbol of worker's struggle, and of merit and competency, made her a natural choice to run for the post of chairwoman by the unions of Rio Grande do Sul, and their pitch has been welcomed by the Congress, who named Lila their leader. Now, she hopes to make a positive impact in the country, but her idealism may clash with the tough choices ahead, and the world in conflict around her.§!
Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1898, in Juíz de Fora, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter the early death of her father, Eugênia Álvaro Moreyra and her mother moved to Rio de Janeiro, where she was self taught in proper Portuguese and French. Shortly after her first job at age 15, she joined the A Rua newspaper as a reporter, a fact so unprecedented a brand new work was coined for a female reporter in the Portuguese language, reportisa. She was one of the key figures in the suffragette movement, and she also became the first major female political figure in leftist and modernist circles, and in these same circles she met her future husband, the poet Álvaro Moreyra, whom she married in 1914. Having been among the earliest members of the PSB and the ED alongside her closest associates like Oswald de Andrade and Carlos Lacerda, she has a longstanding influence on the going's on of the left wing in capital of Rio, and therefore the entire nation, for decades, and this influence has made her one of the key figures of the new Union of Brazil. Her aggressive activism towards gender equality has some less enthusiastic revolutionaries worried about the pace of the changes imposed on the generally conservative Brazilian public, she nevertheless remains undeterred and in her dedication to the cause that has taken most of her life by now.§!
Rachel de Queiroz
Perhaps better known for her activities as an author, journalist, teacher and translator, Rachel de Queiroz mostly represents the interests of her unions than that of any established political movement in the modern post-revolutionary landscape, as she never had a very deep connection with leftist cliques. Often bothered by what she considers ideological orthodoxy standing in the way of eradicating poverty, especially in her home state of Ceará, she was something of a consensus candidate among the several disparate groups that have arisen in the
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1910, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_rachel_de_queiroz_desc_body$ congress, with the backing of several northeastern delegates behind her. This position also may complicate her situation in executive matters, but she believes that working with a focus on the education of the lower orders will bring about greater prosperity than simple industrialisation programmes, or building huge railways across the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1910, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_rachel_de_queiroz_desc_body$ newly founded socialist congress, with the backing of several Cearense delegates behind her. This position also may complicate her situation in executive matters, but she believes that working with a focus on the education of the lower orders will bring about greater prosperity than simple industrialisation programmes, or building huge railways across the nation.§!
Armanda Álvaro Alberto
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1892, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFew women have worked for the feminist and educational causes as long, and as strongly, as Armanda Álvaro Alberto. A founding member of the Brazilian Femine Union, she also was a pioneer in establishing the Proletarian School model, where poor children were granted both food and education from the school, but also she had great influence from foreign innovations in education, especially from Montessori's New School method. She has always defended a position where women of all categories must join to fight for their rights, but also against divisive rhetoric that paints men as an enemy of women, which she saw as shallow and petty. Her position at the forefront of socialist movements has landed her more than one tenure in jail, but also great fame and acclaim in political circles. Her main goals are to combat hunger and the shoddy state of education in the entirety of Brazil, spreading a standardised method of teaching to schools all across the nation.§!
Maurício Grabois
Maurício Grabois is descended from Bessarabian Jews that fled the ever growing chaos of the Russian Empire during the Russo-Japanese war to find a new life in Brazil, after a long journey. While studying at a military school, he started to lean towards radical leftism, while also becoming a staunch opposition of the ever growing integralist ideology that seemed to spread into barracks' across the country then. While just 24 years old, he already was leading syndical and socialist activities, and his early rise only went further within the labour cause.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1912, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_mauricio_grabois_desc_body$§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1912, in Salvador, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_mauricio_grabois_desc_body$ After so much and war and destruction, it'd be easy to lose hope, but Mauricio sees the newfound independence of Bahia as an unparalleled opportunity for the country to truly leave its past of poverty and oligarchy behind in the dust of history. However, such things are far easier planned than done, as even with military support of the occupiers, dislodging the extremely powerful coroneis from their positions of power held for centuries may be a violent and costly endeavour for all parties involved.§!
Edgard Frederico Leuenroth
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1881, in Mogi Mirim, São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEdgard Frederico Leuenroth is one Brazil's foremost anarcho-syndicalists, with a very extensive history in the labour movement. Having moved to the great city of São Paulo at the young age of five, Edgard abandoned his studies and began working at age 10; his education was completely self taught years afterwards. Having managed to get positions in many newspapers in the city, by the turn of the century he found himself attracted to socialism, and quickly began working for leftist publications instead. His work was very aggressive against both government and faith, and he was arrested multiple times during the early 20th century. The success of the Revolution in France filled him and his colleagues with hope, and he alongside them spearheaded the general strikes at the end of the century's second decade, even if he was not involved in the infamous armed uprisings against the national government. This made him both very well known amongst the left, and a hated figure amongst right wingers, with his newspaper's headquarters openly attacked in the early 1920s twice. While he, as with many left activists, saw the events of 1927 with hope, soon they realised that the new status quo gained little tangible for the workers, and agitation started yet again. Having most recently taken part in the protests following Black Monday, Edgard has never given up on his dream of a more equal and fair Brazil, and his notoriety makes his rise to the position of chairman very unsurprising. However, the birthing pains of this new, socialist Brazil are just beginning, and the man has a long and laborious task ahead of him.§!
Maria Lacerda de Moura
Maria Lacerda de Moura was raised by her anticlerical, spiritist parents in the somewhat larger paulista town of Barbacena, and began her political and social history shortly after becoming a full time teacher, campaigning for nationwide education reform and literacy efforts. She was publishing books as early as 1918 and started to author articles 8 years before that, and during this period that she began to be influenced by anarchist and syndicalist thought. Despite issues with suffragette movements, whom she saw as 'not fighting for enough change', she has always been one of the foremost feminist activists in the country, something that no doubt influenced in her choice as Chairwoman by progressive minded delegates, but she also has held a position among the most respected leftist academics and authours on São Paulo. Now
head of state has the daunting task of leading the continuing socialisation of the government, rising demands of officers and the ever contentious Congress of Trade Unions, as some still rose issues regarding her birthplace, but her experience and fame seem to indicate she is more than prepared for the task; or so the nation hopes.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1887, in Manhuaçu, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_maria_lacerda_de_moura_desc_body$, Brazil's $BRA_maria_lacerda_de_moura_desc_end$§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1887, in Manhuaçu, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_maria_lacerda_de_moura_desc_body$, São Paulo's first $BRA_maria_lacerda_de_moura_desc_end$§!
Astrojildo Pereira Duarte Silva
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1890, in Rio Bonito, Rio De Janeiro, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAstrojildo Pereira Duarte Silva left his hometown to the far larger Niterói, the state capital of Rio de Janeiro. He began his studies in earnest, and after coming into contact with the intellectuals there, he decided to abandon said studies to focus solely on subjects he actually cared about, such as literature and politics. He avidly backed Ruy Barbosa, a reformist liberal, against Hermes da Fonseca, a marshall, in the 1910 elections, and the defeat, coupled with the increasingly repressive actions of the federal government, made him utterly sceptical of traditional politics. He was then, in that same year, drawn to anarchism and syndicalism causes, and began his trajectory in the worker's movement in Rio. He worked tirelessly to organise the worker's movement, creating associations and playing a key role organising the CGT and the FAB into articulate institutions capable of defending the rights of workers, and was one of their key leaders during recent decades. His distrust of traditional politics made dealings with the Democratic Left difficult, and he was often one of the voices opposing 'class appeasement' with the men he saw as nothing but liars. His popularity and influence among anarchists and syndicalist circles made his election to the position of chairman something of a political inevitability, but even still he is more or less a complete unknown to most Brazilians, who apprehensively watched the old order be replaced with the Union of Brazil. Now that conventional politics and its corruption are gone, Astrojildo can finally get working into establishing the country he envisioned, built by workers, for the workers, while keeping the fragile political peace currently in place.§!
Antonio Avelino Fóscolo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 14th, 1864, in Sabará, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile in his youth Antonio Avelino Fóscolo wandered around the country, allegedly even trouping with the circus, by the 1880s he had left his mark in his hometown's press, championing the abolition of slavery and anti-monarchistic views, and by end of the century's first decade, he was already deeply involved with anarchism in the city of Paraopéba, then called Taboleiro Grande, while he worked as a pharmacist. It was during this time he also began writing books, romances usually coloured with less than subtle political undertones as was typical of literature of the time. While he later moved to Belo Horizonte permanently, he also frequently visited Rio and lent his support to the strikes and the labour movement in that city, making him one of the chief figures among anarchists nationwide. And old man, with several children and a life nearing its end, the ideologically orthodox Avelino may well find difficult to reconcile his strong principles with the realities of governing a nation as vast as Brazil, especially considering the intense political turmoil it is experiencing, even if the same adherence to ideological precepts allowed his election in the first place.§!
Everardo Dias
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Pontevedra, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEverardo Dias came to Brazil while very young in 1887, as his father fled his home country. He started working at age 13 on a major Paulista newspaper, but his studies later turned towards law, as is all to common for Brazilian politicians. A long time anti-clerical and anti-censorship advocate, Everardo was writing about his political thoughts as early as 1902, and has partook in most great strikes and political actions by socialist and anarchist elements in São Paulo in this century, being one of the most recognisable figures of the movement. His long and storied history with the labour movement was doubtlessly a chief factor to see his name put forward by the congress of trade unions as the head of their council, but he also is a conciliatory and non-radical figure, always defending differing viewpoints and the right of non-socialist opposition to demonstrate and even put forward candidates for certain offices. While some claim this comes from a misguided sense of camaraderie with his fellow freemasons and former political associates in the republican era, the truth is simply his ever staunch defence of free speech, as a system that cannot withstand criticism is not strong enough to do real change in a country as vast and unequal as Brazil.§!
Candido Portinari
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1903, in Brodowski, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Italian immigrants, Candido Portinari was born in the small town of Brodowski, in the state of São Paulo. Always having been a prolific artist, he started his career as a helper in the restoration of churches in his hometown, and at just age 16 he moved to Rio to enrol in the national school of arts, where his talent was immediately recognised. Since then, his position as one of the foremost artists of the nation has solidified, but his political career is far more recent, having only in recent times become truly active as an elected union representative. While his political experience is somewhat limited, his talent and intellect made him well known, and as with many other elections, this fame placed him an advantageous position when compared to his fellow candidates. While it's certainly an advantage for a head of state to be such a respected artist, especially on the international level, many raise concerns about having such an inexperienced man as head of state.§!
Djalma Maranhão
A relative newcomer to the political scene, Djalma Maranhão has been involved with the worker's movement since the early 1930s in his hometown of Natal, in Rio Grande do Norte, even attempting to run for a mayoral position under the ED umbrella, albeit that endeavour did not succeed. While also a teacher and journalist, his dedication to the political cause has been intensified since the
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1915, in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_djalma_maranhao_desc_start$ revolution, as real change finally arrived to Brazil. Having gained significant support from his fellow northeastern union representatives, Djalma now prepares to take the helm of Brazil's socialist government, and seeks to turn development efforts to northeast, as he feels previous governments have put the needs of urban, industrial workers ahead of the great many Brazilians who still work on the fields and on small towns across the nation. Such a paradigm shift is popular in non central regions, but naturally less so in Rio, São Paulo and other major urban centres. Time will tell whether these extensive reform programmes will be successful or not.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 27th, 1915, in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_djalma_maranhao_desc_start$ liberation and break-up of the states, as real change finally arrived to Brazil. Having gained significant support from his fellow northeastern union representatives, Djalma now prepares to take the helm of Guararapes's new, socialist government. His main goal is to improve the living standards of the people of this historically poverty-stricken land, especially those of the peasantry, whose ever growing vulnerability to droughts and food shortages caused mass migrations throughout the last four decades. Time will tell whether these extensive reform programmes will be successful or not.§!
Otto Alcides Ohlweiler
Otto Alcides Ohlweiler is perhaps a teacher first, and a politician second, having dedicated most of his life to his career as a chemistry laureate and teacher at the local federal university. Author of multiple books, most of his political life has been dedicated towards left wing causes, which he formally joined in the early 1930s. While he did run for office under the ED umbrella in the 1936 elections, he was ultimately frustrated by the political games of parliament, and was one of the advocates of changing the legislative to its current form in the congress of trade unions. Having always leaned towards a more European ideal of syndicalism, Otto's views fit well with the
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1914, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_otto_alcides_ohlweiler_desc_start$ Internationale's official stances, but much less so with the majority of anarchists and socialists in the congress of trade unions.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1914, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_otto_alcides_ohlweiler_desc_start$ Internationale at large and the majority of orthodox syndicalists in the congress.§!
Apolônio de Carvalho
Apolônio de Carvalho is one of the most notable military servicemen to have joined political life in the left wing, having had a long and distinguished career in the Brazilian military after he left his home in Corumbá to serve. He joined the ranks of the ED around the time of the 1936 elections, urged by fellow officers to act on his desire to bring meaningful change to the nation.
Apolônio certainly is a proactive politician, as he and many other fellow left-leaning officers feel that the changes in the structure of the country
His political stances also are a lot closer to traditional French ideals than the general heterodoxical ideas of most officers in the army. As a military man, he also believes in a proactive foreign policy to safeguard the interests of
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1912, in Corumbá, Matto Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_start$ One of the most enthusiastic supporters of the counter-coup that brought about the revolution in Brazil, $BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_mid$ are being too slow and gradual, and doing so risks both lives and the safety of the future success of the revolution. $BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_end$ the revolution.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1912, in Corumbá, Matto Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_start$ With the war that devastated the former nation now in the past, $BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_mid$ must be done in a swift and decisive fashion, and not doing so risks both lives and the safety of the future success of the newborn republic. $BRA_apolonio_de_carvalho_desc_end$ world revolution.§!
Jorge Leal Amado de Faria
Jorge Leal Amado de Faria began his career as an author as early as age fourteen. He moved on to Rio de Janeiro to conclude his studies of law, and there was influenced by the many left wing intellectuals and the ideas of the revolutions in Europe, whose success seemed to inspire the left wing elites of the country. He later became a journalist, and only truly joined the political arena in the years after the tumultuous 1936 elections. While he officially defines himself as irreligious, he is in practice a practitioner of Candomblé, an African traditional faith that has many practitioners in the state of Bahia, and is well acquainted with most religious leaders in his home region.
Now thrust into the position of head of state, many question his relative lack of experience in the political arena when compared to other candidates for the task
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1912, in Itabuna, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jorge_leal_amado_de_faria_desc_body$ $BRA_jorge_leal_amado_de_faria_desc_mid$. While his enthusiastic approach to his new job is certainly for many welcome at a time where revolutionary fervour is cooling down, he may well not be prepared for the great task of ensuring the cooperation of the disparate unions and factions in the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1912, in Itabuna, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jorge_leal_amado_de_faria_desc_body$ $BRA_jorge_leal_amado_de_faria_desc_mid$, a concern clearly not shared by the majority of representatives, evidently. While his enthusiastic approach to his new job is certainly for many welcome, he may well not be prepared for the great task of ensuring the cooperation of the disparate unions and factions in the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1912, in Itabuna, Bahia, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jorge_leal_amado_de_faria_desc_body$§!
João Mangabeira
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1880, in Salvador, Bahia, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Mangabeira started out as a noteworthy defence attorney in Ilhéus, before turning to politics like his brother, former president Otávio. Early on in his career he was a close and passionate follower of Rui Barbosa, but after his mentor's passing, he carved a career of its own as a federal representative of the state of Bahia. A man with deeply rooted anti-authoritarian principles, he was a vocal supporter of Bahia's role in the civil conflict, and gained notoriety as a result. As his career went by, the continuous and yet seemingly fruitless struggle of Brazil's poor brought him closer to the left, and while he certainly has some socialist views and allies in union and intellectual circles, he certainly is no Syndicalist. His plan for Brazil was to build a broad leftist front to oppose the current status quo, and his success was unexpected, but probably not unpredictable considering the social upheaval following Black Monday and the scandalous repression of labour movements nationwide. Now, he has to juggle the several disparate factions in his left front while keeping the ravenous opposition at bay, and it seems his presidency is certainly going to be as eventful as his brother's.§!
Nereu de Oliveira Ramos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1888, in Lages, Santa Catarina, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe first president in history to hail from Santa Catarina, a small state in the far south of the country, Nereu de Oliveira Ramos began his political career in the 1910s, and has since managed to find a distinguished position in his own state's politics, but even still isn't one of the long time titans of politics he beat in the elections recently. While previously a member of the Liberal party, Nereu joined the Democratic Left during the last elections at the urging of Mangabeira, as to make sure that the party is not seen as dangerous leftist outsiders, and because his own frustrations at the apparent lack of changes after the crisis in '27. Now a leading figure among social democrats nation wide, Nereu wrestled much influence in the party in the past four years, and seeks a more centrist, albeit certainly still leftist, path for the party to tread through§!
Carlos Coimbra da Luz
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1894, in Três Corações, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Coimbra da Luz moved to the capital of Belo Horizonte to study, but the man always considered the town of Leopoldina, where his residence is located and where he had multiple terms as mayor, as home. Having only recently joined the national stage of politics, Luz became a federal representative only recently in the 1936 elections with the ED, but since then has managed to mantain a steady political career, but always distrusted the further left members of that alliance, whom he saw as spies for foreign countries at best. An accomplished man who has performed varied roles, such as teacher, police captain and bank manager, Luz both understands the economical realities of the nation's hinterlands and the poverty that its small towns have to endure, and has always positioned himself in favour of a less centralised taxation system, which is an oddity in his own party.§!
Jânio da Silva Quadros
Jânio da Silva Quadros is one of the leading members of the new generation of Social Democrats that grew up and lived through the worst of the Black Monday crisis and its damaging fallout. The volatile years that followed allowed for the relatively young law school teacher to firmly establish himself in the political scene in São Paulo, decrying the corruption and inefficiency that has always plagued the state's government even before independence. His populist, aggressive campaign, that didn't even spare members of his own party, resonated with the people, who gleefully sang along to his slogans of \
Despite all his ambitious plans, he still a democrat and constrained by constitutionale limits, but that has not stopped his enemies accusing him of Syndicalism and treason alike.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1917, in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_janio_da_silva_quadros_desc_body$ Brazilian politics of the old, the decrepit elites of the times before the war that hang on tightly to power. $BRA_janio_da_silva_quadros_desc_end$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1917, in Campo Grande, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_janio_da_silva_quadros_desc_body$ Paulista politics of the old, decrepit elites of Brazil. $BRA_janio_da_silva_quadros_desc_end$§!
José Americo de Almeida
José Americo de Almeida became a public prosecutor in the city of Souza, in the same state as his hometown, shortly after graduating from law school. He rose quickly, becoming state prosecutor at the age of twenty four. Such a rise is notable and uncommon in the usually long climb politicians have in Brazil. Americo is one of the many more established political figures to join the party, after their cooling of relations with more radical left elements after the 1936 election cycle, and lends to the
may be seen as surprising, it is in no doubt due to these new connections the party developed with important leaders, perhaps Americo's reputation as unlucky will finally turn around. Now at the helm of the entire
he finds himself having to face the great challenge of managing the disparate political forces in the nation, a fact especially exacerbated by his relative lack of clout in his home state, where João Pessoa, his rival, is far more influential.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1887, in Areia, Paraiba, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_start$ party his notable experience and gravitas as both a navigator and a talented author. While the victory at the elections $BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_mid$ nation of Brazil, $BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_end$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1887, in Areia, Paraiba, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_start$ administration his notable experience and gravitas as both a navigator and a talented author. While his appointment as head of state $BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_mid$ union of Guararapes, $BRA_jose_americo_de_almeida_desc_end$§!
João Belchior Marques Goulart
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1st, 1919, in São Borja, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Belchior Marques Goulart, known by the common people by the nickname Jango, hails from a family of powerful landowners in Rio Grande do Sul. While he is a relatively young man, his career in politics saw a rapid rise since its start in the 1940s, but before that he studied law and notably was a youth player for Internacional in Porto Alegre before entering the political arena, under the auspices of his father, the rather powerful Vicente Goulart. He has always been a bit more left leaning than his father however, and his election may well be the shake-up the left in Brazil needed in this decade, as many of the old slogans and talking points have been rendered moot by changes in legislation. Frequently accused of being a syndicalist or a populist, Jango is steadfast in his moderate stance, defending that all voices are heard, but also vehemently denying claims of syndicalism. This so called \
Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich
A career teacher and Ashkenazi Jew, Elisa Kauffmann Abramovich's parents arrived in Brazil having fled the horrors of wartime Russia shortly before her birth. While a teacher, she has worked on special schools to help other Jews fleeing Europe in the following decades of chaos and unrest on the continent. Having been a political activist from a very young age, Elisa was one of the few openly socialist politicians to run for office under the ED umbrella and succeed in the contentious 1936 elections, being always a voice for the worker's movement in parliament.
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1919, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_elisa_kauffmann_abramovich_desc_start$ Her general political experience put her ahead of the pack in the selection process for chairman, but even still gathering the necessary support was by no means an easy feat, as Brazil's unions are even more decentralised in terms of ideology and state lines than the previous parties once were. Now in power and leading Brazil's nascent socialist government, Elisa has to deal with a tumultuous foreign and internal political landscape, and ensure that the planned industrialisation and development programmes go on as planned. Thankfully, the worst, more shaky years of the new status quo seems to be the in past, and she seems more than capable of achieving her goals.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1919, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_elisa_kauffmann_abramovich_desc_start$ Despite the fallout of their coalition's perceived failures, and the many political issues since arisen, she has not faltered in her desire to establish a broad left front to improve the situation in Brazil, even if it means great compromises with the Social Democrats and other traditional political forces in the country. Now known nationwide as the 'Red Senator' after a long tenure maintaining worker's rights at the forefront, she has to assuage military personnel's rampant fear of a syndicalist coup, as her proposals, while seen as overly moderate by her fellow syndicalists, are extremely radical for a nation like Brazil. However, the longstanding dissatisfaction of the common people with the seemingly endless inability of the federal government to end poverty, unemployment and other far more pressing concerns than ideological disagreements have ensured she managed to win a democratic election and become the first female to do so. Now she has to deal not only with the traditionally conservative elites, but with a constantly divided and bickering powerbase in an even less stable legislature; and yet she wholly believed she can turn Brazil's fortunes around for good.§!
Júlio Prestes de Albuquerque
A representative of a powerful and traditional family in São Paulo, Júlio Prestes de Albuquerque debuted in the political arena in 1909 as a state representative in the parliament of São Paulo. He quickly distinguished himself, and even led troops into battle against mutinous military men twice before becoming a federal representative, where his liberal character gave him admiration from many. A friend and supporter of Washington Luís, Prestes was devastated by his sudden assassination and rallied behind the cause during the coming crisis and conflict, but was glad that it ended as quickly as it did. He gained renewed political vigour afterwards, and claims to be trying his best to uphold the legacy of his friend Washington
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1882, in Itapetininga, São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_julio_prestes_de_albuquerque_desc_body$. Following the defeat of Bahia's liberals in the previous elections, Julio found himself as an almost unanimous choice for candidate of the Liberal Party, and his victory again renewed his vigour to uphold the liberal and positivist principles he defended throughout his life.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1882, in Itapetininga, São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_julio_prestes_de_albuquerque_desc_body$, even if his dream of a united Brazil seems now forever condemned. Following the defeat of Brazil's military and the establishment of the Republic of São Paulo, Julio found himself as the clear frontrunner to become the first president, and his victory in these snap elections again renewed his vigour to uphold the liberal and positivist principles he defended throughout his life, despite claims of fraud and foreign interference by some of his opposition.§!
Antônio Augusto Borges de Medeiros
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1863, in Caçapava do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFew men alive had as much of an impact in Brazilian politics, and especially in the Rio Grande do Sul state, as Antônio Augusto Borges de Medeiros, known politically by his last two names. Starting his political career in the 1890s, he swiftly rose through the ranks and assumed the position of state president from 1898 to 1908 and from 1913 to 1926, and was at the centre of the innumerable political crises, revolts and intrigues in Rio Grande do Sul during the timeframe, while also steadily rising to national prominence. Considered by many a man of unparalleled charisma and integrity, Borges refused a judicial position early in his life, in 1892, to focus entirely on politics, and has always tried to strike a balance between his ideas for a progressive Brazil and the whirlwind of political forces in his country and state. Having positioned himself very publicly in favour of São Paulo in 1927, his views on the integrity of the state's sovereignty remain unchanged, as does his disdain for any centralising overtures by the government in Rio de Janeiro. Now elected president at nearly his eighties, his positivist beliefs are stauncher than ever, after the national-level schism of the liberal party and a contested electoral race. While establishing a parliamentary majority and governing the large democracy is a challenge, Borges' gravitas and personal charm will no doubt play an important role in keeping the republic on the way to progress.§!
Ildo Meneghetti
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1895, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn and raised in Porto Alegre, the capital of Rio Grande do Sul, Ildo Meneghetti is a relative newcomer to politics, being more well known in his home city for being several times president of Sport Club Internacional, one of the three major football teams in the city. This by itself is probably the most divisive facet of the relative newcomer, who joined the Liberals due to his disapproval of working with syndicalist and workers movements as closely as the Left Democrats do. An engineer by trade, his late foray into politics was a mayoral position in Porto Alegre in the last years, which he performed well enough to gain immense popularity there as a politician. Still, the leap from Mayor to President is fairly uncommon and a major milestone in Brazil's democratic history. Assembling a legislative majority will seemingly be the major hurdle for his government, as hardline Republicans are likely to refuse to vote for anything put forward by the Liberals; but such are the rules of this new game he chose to get himself involved with.§!
Wilson Barbosa Martins
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1917, in Campo Grande, Matto Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBy and large a newcomer to politics, even if he is from a traditional political family in Mato Grosso, Wilson Barbosa witnessed first hand as a child the upheaval of the worst years of Brazil's republic, as his father joined the effort to oust the federal government during the struggle between São Paulo and the federal government. Since then, he has walked the somewhat typical path of local politicians towards the federal sphere, including being elected a state representative and then a federal one. Such a young man, no matter how successful, would have any under normal circumstances scant chances at being nominated to run for president, however, the split of the Liberal party left the faction with a dire need for leadership and renewed impetus, and Wilson has managed to garner support amongst those who seek change in the party, but did not leave it. After a close election in which he did not gain control of the house, his political situation is tenuous, with many older politicians dismissing him as an inexperienced youngster from a backwater state, a sentiment often shared by the press in Rio de Janeiro. A coalition with the Liberal Republicans, even if something extremely contentious, is perhaps the man's best hope at a stable government, lest he risks having even his most trivial proposals to the house constantly overturned.§!
Pedro Manuel de Toledo
Perhaps the oldest political actor of great relevance in the nation, Pedro Manuel de Toledo has a long and rich political career that began almost concurrently with the rise of the republic itself. A staunch defender of liberty and the republic, he was involved in numerous revolts and conspiracies against the status quo, and wrote extensively on matters from secret voting to state autonomy. Of these revolts, his role in the large scale uprising in São Paulo is of great importance, as he saw the federal meddling as a direct attack on republican principles
Having somewhat recently ended a term as president of São Paulo, Toledo decided he was ready to become president of
now, even while well into his eighties. His age is seen as his main obstacle by the people, but politics is rarely that simple, and his presidential victory did not grant his party full control of the lower house, which might very well be an issue unless he is willing to work with some of the more virulent opposition politicians. A lawyer but chiefly diplomat by trade, he personally opposes any kind of foreign military adventures by his nation, but intends to respect all existing treaties regardless.
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1860, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_manuel_de_toledo_desc_start$. $BRA_pedro_manuel_de_toledo_desc_mid$ the nation $BRA_pedro_manuel_de_toledo_desc_end$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1860, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_manuel_de_toledo_desc_start$; he does not make great effort to hide his satisfaction on São Paulo having finally \
Joaquim Francisco de Assis Brasil
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 29th, 1857, in São Gabriel, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA true old timer of Rio Grande do Sul politics, Joaquim Francisco de Assis Brasil is a well respected politician, backed by his years of experience dealing with both local and national party members. His career started in 1884, still in the waning years of the Empire, and he became an important figure during the Old Republic era, even if at a national level he was often overshadowed by other natives of his state, he performed very important roles, including vital diplomatic missions to Argentina, Mexico, the USA and more. A true gaucho, Joaquim adores the free country life of the plains, even if he is not advised to ride horses anymore due to his advanced age. Still, he always associated the freedom of the gaucho rider with that of the republican freedoms, and even if not a separatist, places a deep value to the traditions of a state. He is also a prolific historical and political writer, even if some of the concepts proposed in his books, like that of an 'voting machine' to prevent fraud, do seem truly outlandish. While his victory has led to rabid optimism by most party members, he knows that keeping control of the lower house may well be a far more difficult affair than they predict, as the Liberal majority is tenuous at best, and the party remains relatively fractured even after the split.§!
Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira
Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira is the son of a Mineiro father and a Czech mother, his middle name being the germanised spelling of Kubícek. After his father's death very early on his life, he began his studies, and eventually graduated from medical school and volunteered to aid in medical service during the Interstate War. Afterwards, he began his by now very long political career.
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1902, in Diamantina, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_juscelino_kubitschek_de_oliveira_desc_start$ While he is a well known figure in Belo Horizonte, where he even ran for the office of mayor in the past, and has been a representative in Rio multiple times, his clout outside of his home state has always been somewhat limited, even after the victory in the election, as the Liberal party has to juggle with opposition at every corner of congress. However, even with these issues, JK, as he is more commonly known to the public, has big plans. Not just urban renewal, infrastructure investments or political reforms, he is a very vocal proponent of the proposal of moving the capital of the nation further inland to push development in the great hinterlands of the Cerrado plains, which would be an outrageously expensive endeavour. Regretfully for him, and thankfully for the state budget some say, such a proposal is already dead on arrival, with massive opposition from several groups in parliament and prominent newspapers.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 12th, 1902, in Diamantina, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_juscelino_kubitschek_de_oliveira_desc_start$ Now faced with the challenge of ruling a nation wracked by war and in dire administrative straits, JK, as he is known by the people, has to not only deal with the ever competitive oligarchic politicians, but also with the ever looming threat of debt, as most taxation infrastructure did not make it past the war. But he also has big plans for both Rio and Belo Horizonte, cities in dire need of extensive public works, but already many in his opposition call these planes a \
Francisco Prestes Maia
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1896, in Amparo, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco Prestes Maia is not a politician by trade, but rather a civil engineer thursted to the position after his success in planning and repairing the infrastructure in São Paulo's most affected areas by the civil war, and his plan to completely remodel that state's streets has made great strides in the last decade, which made him the man of the hour in these elections. His beliefs clashed with other, older politicians and less liberally inclined members of the party, but his urban remodelling and subsequent tenure as Mayor of São Paulo made him well known nation wide, and thus he was picked to lead the splinter liberal ticket. His lack of political experience, especially at the national arena, may make his government quite the eventful affair, as his plans to remodel the country's fiscal and infrastructure systems may very well find stiff resistance in parliament, even with his own party's views. However, the fact that a man that isn't an establishment politician managed to enter the Catete is seen well by most of the populace.§!
Ernesto Simões da Silva Freitas Filho
Ernesto Simões da Silva Freitas Filho left his hometown very young for his studies in the Bahian capital of Salvador, wherein he almost immediately started working on the local press, newspapers specifically, starting with satirical publications but later founding the far more serious and now mainstream A Tarde paper in 1912. He has since been for decades part of public life in the city and state, being notably an open supporter of Otávio Mangabeira for a prolonged period of time, and later taking ministerial positions in PR governments on both national and state levels, but later taking a different direction following the shake up of the party, and of
Now, his own political career has taken quite the take-off, skipping the usual step ladder of power and going straight from local politician to head of state,
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1886, in Cachoeira, Bahia, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_ernesto_simoes_da_silva_freitas_filho_desc_start$ Brazil more recently. $BRA_ernesto_simoes_da_silva_freitas_filho_desc_mid$ as the situation in Bahia remains unstable following economic turmoil and months of violence. His personal positions and plans for state and educational development will have to wait while the basic rebuilding and the reestablishment of order comes first, as well as whims of other newly interested parties on Bahaian affairs.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 4th, 1886, in Cachoeira, Bahia, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_ernesto_simoes_da_silva_freitas_filho_desc_start$ Brazil itself on the late 1930s. $BRA_ernesto_simoes_da_silva_freitas_filho_desc_mid$ as what many see as a major electoral upset led him to win the presidential race against more established candidates. His personal beliefs may well matter little when it comes to the actual governance, as his party failed to secure a majority in congress and will likely face many difficulties, and the wave of popular support that brought him to power is bound to fade as the election becomes a memory and the people demand results.§!
Raul Pilla
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1892, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn influential man with strong ideals, Raul Pilla is often referred to as 'the Pope of Parliamentarism' in his home state, even if his plans for reform of the federal government have scant chances of success considering the current political climate. Born in 1892 in Porto Alegre, the capital of Rio Grande do Sul, Raul's career in politics stated when he was only 17 years old, and even during this early age, his position against a strong executive power coming from this early stage in his career, as it was one of the banners of one of the many decentralisation-friendly groups in that state, and often found himself in the complex disputes between factions in that state. The conflict between São Paulo and the Federal government was one where he naturally sided against the centralisers, whom he saw as violating the rights of states, and alongside his chief ally in his home state, Borges de Medeiros, fully supported the movement in an astonishingly rare moment of political unity in Rio Grande do Sul alongside other parties. Having since positioned himself against the Republican party, whose centralising overtures in the past few years seem hypocritical at best considering the cause of the war that divided Brazil so recently, he joined Borges de Medeiros's splinter liberal party, as the two men also saw issues with what they perceived as an ineffectual opposition. His election as president is ironic, as he seeks to abolish the office in favour of one of a parliament elected prime minister, but he knows this is not a possibility in the short term, and his control of the house is tenuous at best. For now, the priority of him and the rest of the Republican Liberals is to undo some of the more egregious reforms from previous governments, while defending the rights of individual states.§!
Pedro Ludovico Teixeira
Born and raised in the city of Goyaz, Pedro Ludovico Teixeira completed his studies in Rio de Janeiro before returning to his home, where quickly began a political career, positioning himself against the state oligarchs, the Caiado family. While initially left leaning politically, the failures of the ED and the street violence that even reached his city during the 1936 elections have drifted him towards a more liberal-democratic point of view.
His main goal while at the helm of the republic is one that has defined his political career, his long-standing desire for a better and more developed Goyaz, even if his ideas on how to reach said goal have changed quite a bit over the years.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1891, in Cidade de Goyaz, Goyaz, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_ludovico_teixeira_desc_start$ While the nomination was a challenge in itself, few perhaps with the exception of the man himself expected an electoral victory for the presidency. $BRA_pedro_ludovico_teixeira_desc_mid$ After decades of what he sees as neglect, he plans to bring great amounts of investment to hinterlands of eastern Brazil, and in doing so will probably draw the ire of Southeastern politicians who expect to be at the top of the pecking order, not to mention the substantial parliamentary issues a party like his inevitably will face while in power.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1891, in Cidade de Goyaz, Goyaz, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_ludovico_teixeira_desc_start$ $BRA_pedro_ludovico_teixeira_desc_mid$ As he now takes the helm of an independent and free Goyaz, he can finally set his development plans into motion, and while some powerful families will likely stand in his way, naturally including the Caiado, he has confidence that his foreign backing gives him a secure position to negotiate.§!
Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena Júnior
Afonso Augusto Moreira Pena Júnior started his career like many other local politicians, studying law and becoming a state representative. Even though he is a very successful liberal and a respected literary intellectual, he always had to deal with the looming shadow that his father, former President Afonso Pena, whose achievements and legacy always seemed impossible to match. But now, he too has become
but unlike his father, who was frustrated at every turn by powerful landlords and political opponents, Junior is determined to advance and modernise
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1879, in Santa Barbara, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_afonso_augusto_moreira_pena_junior_desc_start$ president of Brazil, $BRA_afonso_augusto_moreira_pena_junior_desc_mid$ the Brazilian nation to the standard enjoyed by other nations, especially in its farthest reaches, both in terms of education and infrastructure development. However, said endeavours are certainly easier planned than followed through, for even with a relative control over the ever turbulent politics of Brazil, there is no shortage of opposition for the so-called radical ideas put forward by Afonso.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1879, in Santa Barbara, Minas Gerais, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_afonso_augusto_moreira_pena_junior_desc_start$ a head of state and a president of his own right, $BRA_afonso_augusto_moreira_pena_junior_desc_mid$ this newborn nation to the standard enjoyed by European powers, especially in its farthest reaches, both in terms of education and infrastructure development. However, said endeavours are certainly easier planned than followed through, even with a relative control over the ever turbulent politics of Rio and Minas, there is no shortage of opposition for the so-called radical ideas put forward by Afonso.§!
Landry Sales Gonçalves
Landry Sales Gonçalves started his career as a military officer, and both took part in rebellions back in the Old Republic and interacted with several key figures of the tenentist uprisings that would follow. While he did flirt with the AIB during the rise of that party, he since has adopted more classical liberal stances while keeping his militarist political thought, and has been elected president with great support from fellow officers in campaigning. His outlook towards politics also changed over the years, and he is more in favour of de-escalating tensions and a generally less active role of active officers in political affairs.
is used to both the harsh life of the barracks and the ever-shifting loyalties of politics.
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1904, in Acaraú, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_landry_sales_goncalves_desc_start$ His nomination by the party was somewhat contested, but the true challenge will be to retain control of congress with a significant house minority, especially since there is little chance of the Liberal factions cooperating even this long after their political split, albeit there is nothing a few ministerial positions can't solve, some say. Regardless, his presidency is probably going to be one of the most difficult affairs in recent memory, but the man $BRA_landry_sales_goncalves_desc_end$.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1904, in Acaraú, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_landry_sales_goncalves_desc_start$ While he is not a native to the lands of the north, he spent most of the past decade occupying administrative posts in Pará, and thus has chosen it as his hope for the time being, while also fostering good relations with the republic of his birthplace to the west. He has a big task ahead of him, as the already diminutive amount of infrastructure of these riverlands may take decades to repair, but Landry $BRA_landry_sales_goncalves_desc_end$.§!
Otávio Mangabeira
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1886, in Salvador, Bahia, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOtávio made his political debut in 1908 at the contentious politics of the state of Bahia, and his rapid rise in notoriety gave him fame, and some exiles from the state as well. Said notoriety was enough for him to later become a State Representative in 1912. His staunch positions in favour of the late Washington Luis and João Pessoa during the times of civil war helped to raise his profile to greater heights, and he was elected president of the State of Bahia in the elections organised there in 1928. Later, as consensus bid for the Brazilian Republican Party, his name was put forward for the position of President of the Republic, and was endorsed by then President João Pessoa. His presidency was very much a return to normalcy at first, but the rise of radical movements especially in the cities, and public order in general, is a rising concern. However, the good pace of economic and political recovery has ensured his popularity remains high, and it is possible that some of this popularity is why João Mangabeira, his brother, became a household name in more left wing circles.§!
Gustavo Capanema Filho
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 10th, 1900, in Pitangui, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGustavo Capanema Filho is great-grandson of Guilherme Schüch, the Baron of Capanema. Like most men in influential families, Gustavo studied law in university, becoming a city councillor in Pitangui shortly after his graduation. He has climbed the ranks in the PR very quickly, and while he is a capable man, this is in no small part due to the immense influence wielded by his close friend and associate Getúlio Vargas, as he is one of the few that has the gaucho's trust. His nomination and election campaign had Vargas's widespread support, as cartoonists often drew Capanema as little more than his sockpuppet. But despite these attacks, he remains a staunch ally to Vargas, who now leads his political articulation in congress to ready for a smooth republican government. While many rejoice the stability of the orderly elections, some worry that the oligarchs of the plantations of the old republic have been replaced with a new type of politician, far more cunning and malleable. Capanema, of course, knows these to be only the rumblings of a defeated and scattered opposition, as the many newspapers under republican control will surely begin sharing in the coming months. His politics of self strengthening and industrialisation have much in common with Vargas's, as well.§!
Juracy Montenegro Magalhães
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1905, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA respected military man, Juracy Montenegro Magalhães gained notoriety by his fast rise in state politics in Bahia. However, the rise of such a notable outsider can usually be explained by loss of popularity and legitimacy by political leadership, and in the case of Bahia, it was the fall from grace of the oligarch JJ Seabra. Now at the helm of the entirety of Brazil as its head of state, a fact no doubt consequential of his immense political clout in his home state, he looks to both improve the economical situation and improve diplomatic ties with non hostile regimes to ensure better trading partners in these chaotic times.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 4th, 1905, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA respected military man, Juracy Montenegro Magalhães gained notoriety by his fast rise in state politics in Bahia. However, the rise of such a notable outsider can usually be explained by loss of popularity and legitimacy by political leadership, and in the case of Bahia, it was the fall from grace of the oligarch JJ Seabra. Now at the helm of Bahia yet again, a fact no doubt consequential of his immense political clout on the region, but now as a sovereign state, he looks to both improve the economical situation and improve diplomatic ties with non hostile regimes to ensure better trading partners in these chaotic times.§!
José Joaquim Cardoso de Melo Neto
José Joaquim Cardoso de Melo Neto has always been an accomplished law and policy-maker. His terms as teacher of law were left behind when he joined politics more intensely after the revolt against Rio in his state in 1927, but he was active in a minor scale for a full decade prior in minor legislatures and activities. Having since been a staple figure in the Brazilian parliament, he now finds himself
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1883, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jose_joaquim_cardoso_de_melo_neto_desc_start$ thrust into the position of president of the entire republic. As the position of his home state and fellow party members is a particularly favourable one, even after the years of chaos since Black Monday, he should have a relatively simple time driving the complex political machine of Brazil.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1883, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_jose_joaquim_cardoso_de_melo_neto_desc_start$ as President of São Paulo, albeit not in the way he expected this to pass; for São Paulo is now an independent state, instead of being primus inter pares of Brazil. As he has to juggle the ever scheming paulista elites and the demands of foreign nations, his task may seem daunting at first, but popular support for the new republic and the plans to modernise the nation have granted him plenty of political capital to deal with domestically.§!
Affonso Alves de Camargo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1873, in Guarapuava, Paraná, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlthough he was born in the town of Guarapuava, Paraná, in 1873, Affonso Alves de Camargo moved to Curitiba later on his life, after he finished his studies in law school, as it was all too common for politicians in Brazil at the time. In the state capital of Paraná, he found himself involved in the local power struggles between centralist and federalist factions, in which he positioned himself against the national government. Shortly after the hostilities of this state civil war ended, in 1894, he formally entered politics as a state representative, and steadily climbed the political ladder; he became state president of Paraná, and later a federal representative and a senator. During this time, he positioned himself in favour of the Brazil Railway Company in the Contestado Affair, which caused a significant dent in the veteran politician's popularity, but did not affect his political power, as his handpicked successor won the elections after his term as State President with relative ease. A state senator at the time of the crisis that engulfed Brazil in 1927, he later returned to state to serve yet again as state president, and became the chief figure among Republicans in the state in recent years. While he isn't in Vargas's inner circle like most senior Republican leaders, his influence and seniority add much credibility to his nomination, even though some claim he's just 'more of the same', and is seen by opposition as just another ageing oligarch seeking more power. However, opposition within his own party is a far more credible threat to his administration's political success, as Vargas and his associates still hold immense sway in the party's house membership, and a shaky base there could have negative ramifications for his government.§!
Tancredo de Almeida Neves
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 4th, 1910, in São João del-Rei, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTancredo de Almeida Neves started to take an interest in politics as early as age nine, already as a young man opposing the then ruling party of his home state in the crisis that sparked the Interstate War. While he at first tried to volunteer for opposition militias, his remarkably poor aim and physical disposition had him rejected, and he spent the war at home, while having difficulties finding a job during the economic depression that hit the nation. Some years after the war, he joined the Republican party and began the slow climb through its ranks, becoming a representative at city hall and the state legislature before heading to Rio's parliament. While his loyalties certainly lie with the Republicans, his somewhat moderate stances on key issues gave him a meaningful leg over other candidates, in what was a fairly contested election, even if the wanton violence of 1936 has been long left behind. His stances on economical and social issues are also why he has a relatively stable control of the upper and lower houses, but the ever eventful politics of Brazil may well surprise even the most skilled of politicians.§!
Osvaldo Euclides de Sousa Aranha
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1894, in Alegrete, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOsvaldo Euclides de Sousa Aranha hails from the town of Alegrete, in Rio Grande do Sul. Ever since the earliest points of his career, he has been seen as both a reliable mediator and a skilled administrator, skills sorely necessary in a state where political violence was at a breaking point until the state presidency of Getúlio Vargas, a man who is one of his closest allies and friends, and it's a common occurrence to see both side by side. Having spent most of his career as a diplomat after the Civil War, he returned to Brazil and politics at the request of his longtime friend, as a consensus candidate was sorely needed in the ranks of the ever fractured Republican party, even if the party itself is not nearly as divided and decentralised as it was during the early 1930s. His remarkable experience as a mediator is surely to be invaluable as the head of state, and it's widely predicted that his demeanour and relatively moderate stances will ensure one of the most stable and hopefully prosperous presidencies in Brazil's republican history, as his party gives him an extremely comfortable political position at the Catete. His years as a diplomat will also hopefully help with diplomacy abroad, as Brazil looks more than ever outwards in these new times.§!
Eurico Gaspar Dutra
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1883, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA Matogrossense general with the highest condecorations, Eurico Gaspar Dutra started his military career very early, and went to officer's academies at Rio Pardo, Rio de Janeiro, where he partook in the Vaccine Revolt and was later pardoned, and at Porto Alegre. Respected for his efforts during the Civil War and beyond, the officer has enough gravitas to pull together a haphazardly government, which is more or less a dictatorship all but in name, to keep order in this time of extreme crisis. He has a very public disdain of Syndicalism and all forms and socialist and has personally overseen the crushing of several revolts of this nature over the past decade.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1883, in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving joined the army at an early age, Eurico graduated at the Porto Alegre Military School in 1908, and further studied in Rio de Janeiro, where he was stationed during the civil war. While not fully supporting the Federal Government's cause, he did not side with the Paulista alliance either. His command in Rio had him frequently square off against strikes and barracks uprisings of syndicalist nature, giving him an immense distaste for the ideology that caused this chaos, and he seldom hid his immense disregard for their movement, especially after they took over Chile and caused open war in Argentina. He is a leading figure among conservative officers,but has shown little interest in Integralist movements or ideology due to his more traditional conservative leanings, despite them sharing positions in violent opposition to Syndicalism. He is also personally opposed to any involvement of Brazil in European or overseas entanglements in general, preferring a generally neutral foreign policy for the nation.§!\n\n§YNotes: Eurico has a speech impediment, and always swaps the sounds for the letters C and X.§!
Getúlio Dornelles Vargas
§YBorn:§! §LApril 19th, 1882, in São Borja, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn and raised in the border state of Rio Grande do Sul, Getúlio Dornelles Vargas always had a knack for politics. Since his earliest forays into state politics, he always was a skilled navigator and, according to some, a shrewd manipulator. While he only entered politics in 1913, by the time of the Revolution of 27 he was already State President of his home province, and his diplomatic skill managed to both prevent intervention from foreigners and to ensure that Rio Grande do Sul sided against the Federal forces. After the war, Vargas became Vice President under João Pessoa, and became far more well known nation wide, taking time to appear in radio and other public addresses as a man 'looking out for the little guy' while he could do so. Since Otávio Mangabeira took office, he spent four years articulating an energetic presidential campaign. Always professing non extreme, but powerful views on the future of Brazil, Vargas believes that the only way the nation can truly enter the modern era is through and extensive campaign of industrialisation, modernisation and rearmament, a process that he believes no person or law has any right to impede, for his intention is to always act with Brazil's best intentions first and foremost.§!
Gustavo Dodt Barroso
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 29th, 1888, in Fortaleza, Ceará, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGustavo Dodt Barroso is one of the nation's most influential intellectuals and the leader of the Brazilian Integralist Action. While he's an accomplished author since age 23, his entry in the political arena came after watching a passionate speech about the values of Integralism by important figure, Arlindo Veiga dos Santos, in 1928. Ever since, he has dedicated himself to helping push the movement's agenda, writing several well selling books on the subject, but also his own anti-semitic views, especially in translating the hoax Protocols of the Elders of Zion in Brazilian Portuguese. This publication in particular has motivated some Integralists towards violence and vandalism against both Brazilian-born Jews and immigrants. Barroso dedicates himself to poetry and studies of Brazilian folklore, which garnered him a seat at the Brazilian Academy of Letters. His profound nationalism and hatred of perceived foreign meddling made him gain especial disdain and hatred for Syndicalists in Brazil, whom he claims are French spies sent to establish a puppet republic.§!
Pedro Henrique de Orléans e Bragança
Pedro III
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1909, in Boulogne-Billancourt, Seine, French Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHis Imperial Highness Pedro de Alcântara Henrique Astolfo Filipe Maria Gastão Miguel Gabriel Rafael Gonzaga de Orléans e Bragança e Bourbon is the grandson of Princess Isabel, heir of Pedro II, the greatest and last emperor of Brazil. Having spent his childhood at Castle D'eu with the Imperial family in exile, he wasn't able to set foot in Brazil until the Decree of Banishment by the republic was revoked in the 1920s, even though he was deferred from serving in the armed forces in 1925. Having come to live permanently in Brazil after the civil war, which convinced him personally more than ever that a monarchy was needed by the people, he immediately started to articulate politically towards his restoration, and his scheme has finally come to fruition as he has been crowned Pedro III of Brazil. He has been prepared all his life, from childhood tutors to lessons as an adult, for this station he considers his birthright, but few things could prepare a man for the tumultuous times since Black Monday shattered the economic order of the world. While he certainly is thankful for the assistance of the Integralist movement in restoring him, his views towards the more radical wings of the party are not as positive as one could think, as their extreme views often clash with his milder ones.§!
Congresso Nacional
§YFounded:§! §LMay 6th, 1826, in Rio de Janeiro, Neutral Municipality, Empire of Brazil§!
Arlindo Veiga dos Santos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1902, in Itu, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!
Helder Pessoa Camara
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1909, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!
Alcebíades Delamare Nogueira da Gama
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 14th, 1888, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!
Antônio Gastão de Orléans e Bragança
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 9th, 1881, in Paris, Seine, French Republic§!
Luis da Camara Cascudo
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1898, in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, United States of Brazil§!
Marcos Vinícius da Cruz e Mello Moraes
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1913, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!
Caio da Silva Prado Júnior
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 11th, 1907, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!
Antônio Candeias Duarte
§YBorn:§! §Lin the United States of Brazil§!
João Jorge Costa Pimenta
§YBorn:§! §LApril 23rd, 1888, in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro, Empire of Brazil§!
Ricardo Cipolla
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Italy§!
Francisco Antônio Paulo Matarazzo Sobrinho
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1898, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!
Hugo Carl Wilhelm Gerdau
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 22nd, 1878, in Cachoeira do Sul, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!
Fernando de Sousa Costa
§YBorn:§! §LJune 10th, 1886, in São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!
Antônio Ramos Caiado
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1874, in Cidade de Goyaz, Goyaz, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe recent political history of the state, and then the Republic of Goyaz is almost entirely the history of the extremely wealthy and powerful Caiado family, and those few and brave enough to oppose their immense political power. Even as it transitioned into an independent nation, Antônio José Caiado, also known as Totó, is by far the most powerful man in the land, as the head of the family and all its properties and influence. While some could call dealing with foreign occupiers dubious, there are few things the family would not do to maintain its grip on local politics, which has admittedly weakened ever since the democratic reforms in the wake of the interstate war. Now assuming direct control of government and with powerful foreign backers, few can even see a future where the Caiados don't rule Goyaz.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1874, in Cidade de Goyaz, Goyaz, Empire of Brazil§!
Roberto Pisani Marinho
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1904, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!
José Bento Renato Monteiro Lobato
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1882, in Taubaté, São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA native of Taubaté, José Bento Renato Monteiro Lobato is among São Paulo's foremost intellectuals and authors, and has always had a penchant for getting his nose into politics since a young age. While he is known by most younger Paulistas as the author of beloved children's books and his escapades while campaigning for nationalisation of the Brazilian oil sector, the political class knows his radical and often erratic rhetoric dates back many years before he was thrust into power. A member of the São Paulo Eugenics Society, he has always advocated for harsh measures to maintain what he views as a pure society, and has even written books with highly prejudiced concepts behind them, and now openly praises the activities of the KKK, something he had previously done in private. His economic stances are no less extreme, defending radical nationalisation and industrialisation programmes; he has for decades argued against foreigners getting access to his nation's wealth. His belief in a harsh, 'dog eat dog' view of diplomatic affairs also is his north when dealing with other nations, especially his so called 'benefactors', whom he sees as a necessary ally to rid São Paulo of its 'worst elements' through an intense immigration incentive programme. Said abrasive rhetoric has certainly not fallen in deaf ears, but has also led to an escalation of social and racial violence across São Paulo, but it remains to be seen if this dog is all bark, or if Lobato's bite will truly leave its mark.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1882, in Taubaté, São Paulo, Empire of Brazil§!
João Pessoa Cavalcanti de Albuquerque
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1878, in Umbuzeiro, Paraíba, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Pessoa Cavalcanti de Albuquerque is perhaps the most powerful man in all of the states that forms Guararapes, his career, popularity and political clout all almost unparalleled. Having led what is considered by many to be the most successful presidential term in the history of Brazil's republic, being multiple times state president of Parahyba and led the state governors of the region as a bloc for a decade. Born in the small town of Umbuzeiro, João later moved to several different major cities, having graduated in law in the University of Recife, and lived for times in places such as Rio. He rapidly climbed the political ladder, and soon rose to the prominent position he is now widely known for. His immense credibility is why he leads the confederation; while legally could not be president of Brazil again after his term, this is an entirely different entity, and he hopes to stabilise the newly founded republic, but also secure its prosperity and repair the extensive wartime damage across the country; but he will have to face stiff opposition from coroneis and other oligarchs across the nation, even if most state presidents of the federation are his allies.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 24th, 1878, in Umbuzeiro, Paraíba, Empire of Brazil§!
Joaquim Pedro Salgado Filho
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 2nd, 1888, in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!
Argemiro de Assis Brasil
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1907, in São Gabriel, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!
Filinto Strubing Müller
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1900, in Cuyabá, Matto Grosso, United States of Brazil§!
Cândido Mariano da Silva Rondon
Cândido Mariano da Silva Rondon is a die-hard republican who spent decades of effort to connect, explore and map the large western reaches of Brazil. Usually not one to meddle in political affairs
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1865, in Santo Antônio do Leverger, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlmost a living legend in Brazil, $BRA_candido_mariano_da_silva_rondon_desc_mid$, Rondon was shocked to find after an expedition that Brazil's ruling Integralist party was not only plotting to restore the monarchy, but also had seemingly ordered his arrest. He took up arms, and was joined by many across the country who loathed the monarchist and populist rhetoric of the Integralists, but still was at a severe strategic disadvantage. However, his knowledge of local terrain and lifetime of military experience, coupled with uprisings dividing the attention of the overstretched federal government, allowed his revolution to succeed. Now he rules as interim president, leading a process of de-intoxicating Brazil from the monarchist disease until the next elections come, and law and order are properly restored to the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1865, in Santo Antônio do Leverger, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlmost a living legend in Goyaz's northern reaches, and all of the former Brazilian lands as a whole, $BRA_candido_mariano_da_silva_rondon_desc_mid$, Rondon knows these lands better than any man ever has in history, and he will not give up the fight for his republican values, even in the dire situation all of former Brazil finds itself in. Some, however, claim him to be broken and tired man, that gave up his fighting spirit for the safety of the people in the region.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1865, in Santo Antônio do Leverger, Mato Grosso, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoined a horse artillery regiment and the army as a whole in 1881, and graduated with a degree on natural sciences in Rio some years later. Was closely involved with the coup that toppled the monarchy despite his low rank at the time. In the years since, he has spent much of his time and effort mapping and exploring the far wilderness of northwestern Brazil and its immense jungles, and the specially dangerous task of establishing telegraph lines in that area. A fervent believer of positivist principles, he seeks strictly peaceful contact with the natives of inner Brazil, even at risk of harm; he narrowly escaped death by a poisoned arrow in 1913 but ordered his men not to fire back. His expeditions are each a dangerous and long adventure, with some, like the one he led to the River of Doubt alongside Theodore Roosevelt, internationally known. But he also does not hesitate to lead troops in defence of the republic, and has led troops on occasion against various revolts when he is not expedition, and has an extensive military record in dealing with such. His much higher rank in the military and age have thus far done little to diminish his adventurous spirit, as there is still much to explore the in the far wilds.§!\n\n§YNotes: He has spent great time and effort advocating for the rights of natives to the government in Rio, but his requests, so far, fell on deaf ears. His men claim he has killed an alligator in an expedition armed only with a knife.§!
Fernando Setembrino de Carvalho
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1861, in Uruguaiana, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFernando Setembrino de Carvalho joined the army at age 16, and became an artillery officer in 1882. Later became a military engineer, working throughout his home state on barracks and fortifications, but was also an advocate of military railways in the region. He joined politics after the republic was proclaimed, but was still first and foremost an army man, with military concerns always on his mind. In 1910 was named Minister of War in the Hermes da Fonseca administration, and juggled several high ranking positions in the republic ever since, reaching the rank of marshall just before the 1927 revolution. While his high ranking means he has with great frequency dealt with rebels, he generally grants them amnesty when they are fellow soldiers, such as in the common tenentist uprisings, but the harshness of the operation led by him the Contestado revolt in 1915 is still infamous. While generally out of politics, and public life in general for that matter, since the civil war, he's still one of the highest ranking and most respected servicemen in the country, and thus well positioned to take leadership in case of war.§!
Isidoro Dias Lopes
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1865, in Dom Pedrito, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the many old and very respected Gaúcho officers in the Brazilian Army, also known for the moniker of 'Marshall of the Revolution' recently, Isidoro Dias Lopes has a long history of siding with what he considers morally correct rather than what his superiors order him to. From 1893 in the Federalist Revolt in his home state to now the Chilean Crisis, his steady hand and respect by the people and officers granted him enough political capital to proclaim himself provisional president. Despite persistent requests by other officers, especially from those further to the right who see his moderate voice as needed, Isidoro has stated in no uncertain terms that his government is temporary, and he will step down as soon as the Union representatives and delegates meet to select a ruler. Time will tell if this decision is the right one for the future of the country.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1865, in Dom Pedrito, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduated at the Porto Alegre Military School in 1883 as an artillery officer, and supported the republican coup in 1889. Between 1893 and 1895, he took part in a local revolt in Rio Grande do Sul, known as the Federalist Revolution, wherein he was defeated by government forces and exiled in Paris for a year before receiving amnesty. In 1926, he returned from Rio, where he was stationed, to Rio Grande do Sul, allegedly to deal with personal matters, but rising tensions in the capital clearly indicate it was to prepare for the inevitable conflict brewing. During the hostilities in 1927, Isidoro was in general command of the forces in the uprising, and thus is well known as the 'Marshall of the Revolution' for his leadership on the matter. Since then, his prestige has far surpassed those of other military leaders from the conflict, but he mostly keeps away from political affairs, albeit his disdain for the Old Republic is well known and vocal. He has been nonetheless invited to campaign for the Democratic Left, an offer which he refused, despite the fact his popularity is such that he may well be a viable presidential candidate.§!\n\n§YNotes: His previous exile in Paris left an impression of him, especially regarding how backwards Brazil is to him.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1865, in Dom Pedrito, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of, if not the most, respected military officer in all of former Brazil, Isidoro Dias Lopes has always been held in high regard in his adoptive home of São Paulo. While his task as President is a thankless one, he is one of the very few men to be respected all across the political spectrum, and thus has the gravitas necessary to ensure that São Paulo's transition into a sovereign state goes as smoothly as possible. However, time stops for no man, and a cloud of uncertainty looms overhead, as the power vacuum Isidoro will leave behind when he dies will certainly have colossal consequence for the young republic and its people's hopes.§!
João Batista Mascarenhas de Morais
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1883, in São Gabriel, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoão Batista Mascarenhas de Morais joined military school at age 14, in Rio Pardo, Rio Grande do Sul, and later moved to complete his military studies to Rio de Janeiro, where he was witness to the several revolts in the capital of Brazil over the decades, both of tenentist movements and the increasingly violent strikes; in these conflicts, he maintained a loyalist attitude towards the government. He joined the side of the paulista faction in the 1927 revolution, as he was serving in São Paulo at the time and his home state sided with the rebels, and in that conflict he served with distinction as an officer; the conflict, while short, helped him prove his mettle to his superiors and made him well regarded throughout the armed forces after the conflict, as he is now one of Brazil's most valued officers, even if he does not share the popularity among civilians some of his compatriots do. He cares little for such matters, and has not expressed himself politically in any strong way so far, which also sets him apart from several other officers in the army.§!
Nestor Sezefredo dos Passos
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 29th, 1872, in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnrolled in the military in 1888, and started to study to become an officer quickly thereafter, and thus he moved to Rio Pardo, in the southern Rio Grande do Sul state, of greater military tradition and prestige. There he found himself involved in local politics, joined the Federalist Revolution in 1893 and thus was banished from the army. After a brief period living as a civilian in Porto Alegre, he received amnesty and re-joined the military, and was assigned to an infantry regiment in his home city, where he also collaborated to local newspapers. He was deployed to several states over his military career, generally dealing with local revolts, and even the navy mutiny of 1910. He frequently found himself serving under Cândido Rondon, and is among many who greatly admire him in the brass of the armed forces. He positioned himself strongly on the side of the so called rebel forces during the hostilities of 1926, and under his command were made some of the first organisation attempts at an air force, even if still under the command of his regiment. Since the war, he also played roles in the ministry of war.§!
Miguel Costa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1885, in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentine Republic§!
Euclides Zenóbio da Costa
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1893, in Corumbá, Mato Grosso, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnlisted in 1911, and immediately began to prepare for a military education, having previously moved to Rio de Janeiro for that reason. One of his first assignments was to restore order in the south, fighting the so-called Contestado War, under the command of Setembrino de Carvalho, the suppression of which was as ruthless as it was successful. Was transferred to Rio again after the conflict, and during the revolution, was one of the officers who sided with the legalists, and he was briefly arrested as one of their senior commanders, but received amnesty and reinstated a year later. Since then, he was assigned to relatively unprestigious positions, but is unlikely to lead any revolts due to his legalist stances.§!\n\n§YNotes: Was trained as both an infantry and cavalry officer.§!
Newton de Andrade Cavalcanti
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1885, in Palmeira dos Índios, Alagoas, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnlisted in an infantry regiment at Maceió in 1902, and later became an army engineer and artillery officer after studying in Rio de Janeiro. Served under Cândido Rondon expanding telegraph lines in the Amazon between 1909 and 1910. Continued to climb military ranks thereafter, including becoming an instructor at the Realengo Military Academy. Joined the side of the rebels in the 1927 revolution, he performed mainly roles related to military engineering and management, and due to the brief nature of the conflict, didn't do anything of particularly great note on that front. Still, he was one of the senior figures in the new military cabinets, and his voice is still one greatly respected among both the brass and politicians.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1885, in Palmeira dos Índios, Alagoas, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile born in the small town of Palmeira dos Índios, Newton de Andrade Cavalcanti moved away from home quite young to pursue a military career, and he was quite successful in it. A distinguished and talented officer, he had already become a high ranking officer by the time of the interstate war, and by that point was an army major and one of the most respected servicemen nationwide. His respected position and political moderation compared to most high ranking officers made him a natural choice for leader of the federation, as the war left a wake of lawlessness, anarchy and damaged infrastructure that may take decades to repair without intense foreign aid, something that doesn't seem quite likely. His republican beliefs frequently put him at odds with some radical integralist officers; while he today denies any ties with the movement, he did have some slight sympathy for their actions against syndicalist movements, even if not for their monarchism. While he usually distanced himself from political stations, he is now the guardian of democracy in the region, as the coroneis, disgruntled integralists and the ever looming syndicalists all threaten the fragile federal order in the states of Guararapes.§!
Júlio Caetano Horta Barbosa
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1881, in Pinheiro, Rio de Janeiro, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJúlio Caetano Horta Barbosa joined the army in 1897, and in that very same year fought in the so called Canudos War against the fanatics led by Antonio Conselheiro, where he was wounded. Later studied to become an officer at several schools in Rio, and during his time he partook in the anti-vaccine revolt that brought chaos to the city in 1904. He was discharged and arrested, receiving amnesty and freedom a year later. In 1906, he joined Cândido Rondon and Theodore Roosevelt in the extremely dangerous expedition to the then called River of Doubt, being one of the men that made it back. Afterwards, he was one of the officers who studied foreign armed forces after the Weltkrieg, having done small missions to Germany, the United States and Britain before its fall to Syndicalism. Positioned himself as a legalist in the 1927 revolution, but he yet again received amnesty as his expertise is respected among his fellow officers. Politically, he is a die-hard positivist and has been since his formative years.§!
Euclides de Oliveira Figueiredo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1883, in Rio de Janeiro, Neutral Municipality, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of a Paraguayan War veteran, Euclides de Oliveira Figueiredo was raised by his sister in his early years before joining military in 1893, studying to become an officer. He, alongside most students of the Praia Vermelha military school, revolted against the implementation of mandatory vaccination in Rio in 1904; the rebellion was crushed and the rebels arrested, with amnesty being granted a year later. After studying physics and mathematics, he, alongside other senior officers, was sent to a military mission to Germany in 1911, where he was stationed alongside prussian cavalry officers in Ohlau. After returning, he, alongside fellow officers in the mission to Germany established the Defesa Nacional magazine, which defended several modernisation and reform measures for the armed forces based on the German Empire, which earned him and his associated the derogatory nickname of 'Young Turks', no doubt due to the high degree of francophilia amongst fellow officers and other members of the press. After his return, he led forces in several engagements, such as the Contestado war, the 1927 revolution, and against entrenched rebels in Rio and São Paulo in the following decade. As one of the defeated loyalists of 1927, he received amnesty and rejoined the armed forces, but was deeply disappointed in the small extent of the reforms in the military since.§!
Humberto de Alencar Castello Branco
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1897, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHumberto de Alencar Castello Branco started his officer training in the Rio Pardo Military School in the far south, and finished it in the Realengo Military Academy. After that, he became an army officer, partaking chiefly in the quelling of revolts in Minas Gerais and São Paulo until the 1927 revolution began, which thrust him into major military operations. The war allowed him to prove his worth, but due to his relatively young age, he still isn't one of the major figures in the army by any means. A staunch nationalist, he has often found himself at odds with internationalists.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1897, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHumberto de Alencar Castelo Branco was born in Fortaleza, the capital of Ceará, in 1897, and completed his military studies in Porto Alegre, in the far south. He occupied the post of a military instructor in Rio during the Interstate War, and sided with the rebels like many other mutinous officers. Being on the winning side brought him many political advantages, and by 1936 he was an army major and one of the most influential servicemen in the nation. His most standout political belief is the strong opposition to any kind of syndicalist or socialist principles, and he always defended open war against any kind of internationalist regime as necessary to maintain peace and order. To him, syndicalists are enemies of freedom no matter what treaties they sign, and they seek to undermine the values of the nation as a way to replace them with the beliefs of Marx. This disposition might have had him in friendly terms with the AIB, were it not for his relatively strong republican beliefs. Now as the appointed president of the newly formed federation, the most pressing matters of rebuilding the administrative and transport infrastructure must at least for now take precedence over the enforcement of his planned anti-socialist and anti-union legislation.§!
Pedro Aurélio de Góis Monteiro
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1889, in São Luís do Quitunde, Alagoas, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPedro Aurélio de Góis Monteiro is a member of a prestigious and powerful family from Alagoas, to the point four of his brothers are well known officers and politicians locally. He studied in a military school in Porto Alegre, and while he was very far from home, he learned much about the inner workings of the military, and made powerful friends in the South and later in Rio. While he was a consistent legalist throughout most of his career, he, like many northeastern officers, in the end sided with the rebels, which included his southern associates. Since then his family's influence in Alagoas only grew, and he has acted politically against leftist officers intensely.§!\n\n§YNotes: Close political associate of Getúlio Vargas.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1889, in São Luís do Quitunde, Alagoas, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPedro Aurélio de Góis Monteiro is a member of an influential family of military servicemen who occupied powerful positions in the old order's army. His army career began in the school of war in Porto Alegre, and he relatively quickly climbed the ranks of the military in Brazil. His position politically has always been marked by legalism, and his brother Cícero Augusto died in combat the Interstate War. But he also is defined by a strong bias against syndicalist and socialist views, which he saw as the primary threat to civilisation as a whole across the world. While his position as leader of the Confederation is none one he picked himself, he is determined to establish the rule of law by any means necessary, and he enjoys widespread support for this endeavour in the recently organised national army, as the military in the region has traditionally shifted towards the right wing. The main issue while he is president however will be the many differing powerful political factions and oligarchs that have traditionally wielded power in each individual states; these coroneis will stop at nothing to increase their influence, even if this damages the overall goals of self sustainability and army reform the president defends.§!
José Fernandes Leite de Castro
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 5th, 1871, in Cruz Alta, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving joined the army at a young age in 1887, José Fernandes Leite de Castro studied to become an artillery officer in his early career. He partook in the local revolt known as the Federalist Revolution in Rio Grande do Sul in the 1890s, fighting against the rebels with loyalist forces, and later also against monarchist and peasant uprisings on a national scale. By the time of the Weltkrieg, he partook in a foreign mission to study more modern military equipment, serving as an observer for the neutral nation in the conflict. As one of the main military experts on modern warfare in Brazil, he was a previous minister of war, and his expertise was put to use in the 1927 revolution and the battles in it, as he sides with his home state and the allies over the federal government. Since then, he mostly concerns himself with modernisation of the army against more reactionary cliques of officers, as the political situation seems to have greatly stabilised.§!
Tertuliano de Albuquerque Potiguara
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1873, in Sobral, Ceará, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTertuliano de Albuquerque Potiguara joined the army in 1889 and later climbed through the ranks. He had short career in politics where he ordered the suppression of various uprisings. He is known as an enforcer of the old order, indeed, his conduct in the war in Contestado, concurrent with the early Weltkrieg, was deemed nearly criminal by many, though his methods proved successful. While his legalist stance remained unchanged in 1927, he eventually abandoned the federal government at the request of fellow northeastern officers. His political views are typical for an army officer in Brazil, though it can be argued his disdain for radical movements like integralism and syndicalism stems more from an association with sedition and disorder than any deep ideological opposition.§!\n\n§YNotes: Lost his arm in a dynamite mail-bomb attack after the turn of the century, and served briefly as a federal representative.§!
Newton Estillac Leal
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1893, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnrolled in a military school in 1905, and joined it in 1912. The young officer was from the outset involved in various revolts against the old republic, and was one of the many among this newer crop of officers to defect and mutiny against the federal government in 1927. This background made his anti-authoritarian stances harden, and to some he is even considered a radical officer, as he is one of the few who agree with the mostly opposition held view that Brazil's new republic needs still further massive changes and reforms to become a truly democratic nation. He has relatively close links with several other officers who are considered radical, but he is also a staunch nationalist even while strongly anti-authoritarian.§!
Bertoldo Ritter Klinger
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1884, in Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBertoldo Ritter Klinger joined the Rio Pardo Military School in 1899, and completed military studies in Rio. Partook in the so-called 'Vaccine Revolt' in 1904 against mandatory vaccination of the people of Rio, and was arrested and spent a year in prison for the uprising. In 1910, Bertoldo was selected to be one of the key members in a military mission to Germany, and he stayed there until 1913, learning much about modern warfare, or at least the latest at the time, as he was stationed mostly with the 24th Artillery Regiment in Gustrow. After he returned, he and some fellow minded officers, like Euclides Figueiredo, started to publish magazines to publicly defend German-inspired modernisation of the army and country, which led to the group being mockingly referred to as the 'Young Turks' at the time. Their anti-status quo position naturally put them closer to the rebels in the 1927 revolution, but the extent of the reforms greatly disappointed Bertoldo, who still sees the military as woefully behind Germany and other world powers. He has since maintained his pro-German views and his publications on military matters, and has a strong anti-syndicalist stance as well.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1884, in Rio Grande, Rio Grande do Sul, Empire of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBertoldo Ritter Klinger, like many officers currently living in São Paulo, was born in the then Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, and garrisoned several locations across that country, including Rio. His actions and service during the Interstate War are quite noteworthy, as is his is exemplary record of always standing up for what he believed was the right thing, as his career was often set back by his participation in a variety of mutinies with an even greater variety of motivations, from opposing mandatory vaccination to better conditions in the barracks for infantrymen. His position at the forefront of such popular causes, and his staunch republican beliefs, have been decisive factors on making the officer the first president of the Republic of São Paulo, where he is seen a stabilising factor amidst the constant bickering of the nation's oligarchs and powerful families.§!
Olímpio Mourão Filho
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1900, in Diamantina, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LHaving followed a fairly standard military career, Olímpio Mourão Filho's first active combat duty was during the interstate war, where he was among the defeated officers that sided with the federal government. He has since completely and utterly lost faith in the very concept of liberal democracy, and has written books on the subject of a new kind of state, an \
§YBorn:§! §LMay 9th, 1900, in Diamantina, Minas Gerais, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFinished military studies at the Realengo academy at Rio in 1921. Was stationed in Santa Catarina during hostilities in 1927, and reached the rank of captain shortly thereafter. He was deeply disillusioned by the lack of immediate change, leading him to later join the integralist movement, having lent public support to some of its more radical figures. Has extensively written against 'liberal-democracy' and Marxism alike, and has openly supported and advised in the establishment of integralist militias. A deeply religious and conservative man.§!
Nélson de Melo
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1899, in Santana do Livramento, Rio Grande do Sul, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoined the army relatively early, and studied in the prestigious military school of Realengo, in Rio de Janeiro. Reached the rank of Captain during the war in 1927, having conspired in favour of the rebels while in Rio before joining their ranks proper, but still too young to be considered a top figure among military circles, especially among the army. Politically conservative and anti-socialist, he has personally led crackdowns against leftist uprisings in Rio de Janeiro more than three times since 1927.§!
Júlio Marcondes César Salgado
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1890, in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJúlio Marcondes César Salgado is a member of a distinguished military family dating back to the days of independence, and one of his ancestors was reportedly one of Pedro I's companions at the moment of independence. Júlio joined the army as a cavalry soldier at age 16, and by 1912 had already reached the rank of sergeant, rank of captain by 1924, and after the conflict in 1927 had been named general. A profoundly legalist man, Júlio distinguished himself fighting against insurrections throughout his career, taking barricaded positions by storm in a revolt in Rio in 1923, and had a key role in leading the forces of the State of São Paulo during the war in 1927, where he again performed competently leading local forces, this time against the federal government. He delivered rousing speeches on how São Paulo was not revolting, but upholding republican values that were supposed to maintain the unity of Brazil, and quickly rose to be one of the most famous military men of the entire nation. He is extremely respected especially in São Paulo and among legalist circles in Brazil. While a cavalry officer by career, he is a flexible and modern commander when compared to most of his peers.§!\n\n§YNotes: An avid sportsman, Júlio is state champion of Polo and Fencing, and an expert horse rider, winning a national title in 1928.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1st, 1890, in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJúlio Marcondes César Salgado was born to family with a long tradition in military duty and Paulista politics, he himself a relative of Inácio de Siqueira Salgado, the baron of Itapeva. He has a long service record, started at age 16, and has fought both in the Interstate War and against the ever frequent Syndicalist and Tenentist uprisings in his state, and his veterancy has put him in a condition of being the commander-in-chief and nominal head of state of the newly declared Republic of São Paulo, at least until 'order is properly restored', but few doubt his tenure will hardly be a short one. Having led his state's forces in battle against the rest of Brazil before, Julio isn't exactly phased by the rapid changes brought by the break up of Brazil, and sees São Paulo's freedom as a positive happening for its people. However, unrest is not yet over in the state, and few can predict what foes the new republic might face abroad in such dangerous times.§!
Protógenes Guimarães
§YBorn:§! §LMay 8th, 1876, in Desterro, Santa Catharina, Empire of Brazil§!
Benjamin de Almeida Sodré
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1892, in Macejana, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!
Adalberto Nunes
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 30th, 1905, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!
José Isaías de Noronha
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1874, in Rio de Janeiro, Neutral Municipality, Empire of Brazil§!
Henrique Aristides Guilhem
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1875, in Rio de Janeiro, Neutral Municipality, Empire of Brazil§!
João Valdetaro de Amorim e Mello
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Fortaleza, Ceará, United States of Brazil§!
José Angelo Gomes Ribeiro
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1901, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United Sates of Brazil§!
Lysias Augusto Rodrigues
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1896, in São Paulo, United States of Brazil§!
Armando Figueira Trompowsky de Almeida
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1889, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!
Floriano de Lima Brayner
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1897, in Parahyba, Paraíba, United Sates of Brazil§!
Eduardo Gomes
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 20th, 1896, in Petrópolis, Rio de Janeiro, United States of Brazil§!
Young Turk Clique
§YFounded:§! §LOctober 10th, 1913, in Rio de Janeiro, Federal District, United States of Brazil§!
Pedro Ventura Felipe de Araújo Pomar
Pedro Ventura Felipe de Araújo Pomar lived certainly an unorthodox childhood, having moved to New York while aged 5, living there for two years before returning to his small hometown, and then moving to the state capital of Belém. He started to act politically at age thirteen, supporting the rebel cause in the interstate war quite publicly, but later on, he moved further and further left as he reached adulthood, becoming a full-blown socialist by age 20; he spent these youth years studying for medical school, and as a part-time footballer for Clube do Remo. A calm and collected man, Pedro often remains quiet in political gatherings, only occasionally inferring in rare points, and has a usually positive and likeable demeanour, which resulted in his relative popularity among trade union members, despite his somewhat young age
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1913, in Óbidos, Pará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_ventura_felipe_de_araujo_pomar_desc_body$. Having taken the lead of the entirety of Brazil is one thing, but properly leading the extremely disparate and decentralised factions is another matter entirely. While he calmly believes matters will be sorted shortly and that the revolutionary process will continue smoothly, many wonder if his relative lack of contacts in upper syndicalist circles in major centres of the south may leave him isolated in his own cabinet.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1913, in Óbidos, Pará, United States of Brazil§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$BRA_pedro_ventura_felipe_de_araujo_pomar_desc_body$; now, he is faced with the immense challenge of leading a nation that is just as young as him and faces immense hurdles of infrastructure and budget. While these concerns are certainly worrisome, he believes that with the support of the people, socialism can flourish even here, in the banks of the Amazon basin.§!
