Venice Focus Tree
Venice
Venetian
the Serene Republic of Venice
Italia Unita
Italia Unita
USV
Unione Sindacale Veneta
PSR
Partito Socialista Riformista
PPV
Partito Popolare Veneto
PLC
Partito Liberałe Cristian
PRV
Partito Repubblicano Veneto
LC
Lega Catòłega
Consejo Ducałe
Consejo Ducałe
Maggior Consiglio
Maggior Consiglio
LIV
Lega Integralisti Veneti
Italy
Italian
Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Serene Republic of Italy
the Serene Republic of Italy
Italian National Republic
the Italian National Republic
The oligarchic republic of old has been restored
A liberal republic has been established
Foreign countries might intervene against the Italian National Republic.
We will be §Yunable to preserve the independence of Venice§! once the ANI is defeated.
The new Doge will be selected after two weeks of complicated voting\n
May use irredentist decisions for states along the Adriatic coast\n
Replace §Y$VNC_state_inquistors$§!, §Y$VNC_nobility_idea$§! and §Y$VNC_culture_idea$§! with §Y$VNC_old_republic_idea$§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+10%§!\n$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_ARMY_ORG_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!
Replace §Y$VNC_meritocracy_idea$§!, §Y$VNC_together_idea$§! and §Y$VNC_venetian_welfare_idea$§! with §Y$VNC_new_republic_idea$§!\nEffective net change:\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: §G+10%§!\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: §G+5%§!\n$MODIFIER_CONSUMER_GOODS_FACTOR$: §Y-5%§!
Join the [From.GetFactionName]
We must send an envoy to [From.GetNameDef] and ask about joining the [From.GetFactionName]. It is the best option we have for protection and fulfilling our national interests.
Attack the Austrians
Not only do the Austrians cling to the Italian city of Trieste, they also hold territories along the Dalmatian coast that are rightfully Venetian. It is time to reclaim our territory.
Italy has been united under the banner of the Serene Republic! We must work on reintegrating and rebuilding our nation.
Invite [From.GetNameDef] into the [VNC_GetInviteDecisionName]
With the threat of the socialist republic now eliminated, perhaps now is the time to heal the rifts caused by the civil war. Since we are in a clearly dominant position on the Italian peninsula, it falls to us to lead the way.
Serene Republic
Federation
Looming Intervention
Our rebellion against the Italian Government has exposed its weakness to the entire world. If we last long enough against the ANI, our neighbours are sure to step in and interfere against them.
Rebellion against Tyranny
The ANI is facing significant internal pressure after the suspension of elections and our subsequent revolution. If they fail to bring a decisive victory and the war drags on, they will be unable to cope with riots and mutinies among the civilian and military population and will likely collapse.
Venetian Welfare
Together as One
Meritocratic Principles
A Democratic Future for the Queen of the Adriatic
Inquisitors of the Old Republic
Cultural Renewal
Restored Nobility
The Lion of Saint Mark Spreads its Wings Once More
Venetian Business Schools
Economic Miracle
Merchant Marine
Forsa Aerea Veneta
Planning Schools
Combined Arms
Aviation Industry
Wiel's Policy
Thalassocracy
Bounty of the Sea
Military Confusion
Defender of Democracy
Austrian Aid
Desperate Defence
Defeatist Sentiment
Convene the Great Council
Now that we have secured our independence, we must convene the Great Council for the first time in over 100 years to decide the political future of our country.
A New Future for Venice
Although the Venetian Republic of old worked while it lasted, the liberal victory in the Great Council has shown that the people wish to move forward. We must begin work on creating a modern, liberal republic for the people of Venice.
Together As One
We must strive to create not only a belief in democracy and Venetian culture, but a belief that Venice must work together as a single unit and as a single mind. We must all dedicate ourselves to the purpose of advancement if we are to survive and thrive
Institute a Meritocracy
The time of political positions being chosen by lottery or by having noble blood is long since over. Any man or woman who is successful and capable should have the right to enter the halls of power.
Pass the Universal Enfranchisement Act
Women were fully excluded from the political process in the Old Republic- a mistake we will not make again. Women are just as capable of selecting our ruler as men, and as such shall be granted full suffrage.
Apertura del Mazor Consegio
The Great Council in the days of yore was a hall of wealth, power and above all privilege. With the Serrata del Maggior Consiglio or closing of the Great Council, it locked it off to many Venetians. In our efforts to liberalise and democratise the Republic we should reopen the Great Council.
Create the Venetian Welfare State
Caring for the people has long been part of Venice's history, dating back to the 15th century when the Magistrato alla Sanità was established to help manage public health. We should work to revive these institutions and modernise them so that the new republic will take care of the people.
A New Future for the Queen of the Adriatic
We have succeeded with Apertura and successfully transformed the Queen of the Adriatic into a shining example of modern democracy.
The Old Order Restored
During its heyday the Republic of Venice was one of the wealthiest nations in Europe and a leading power in the Mediterranean, in no small part thanks to its system of government centred around the Doge. The conservative victory in the Grand Council proves that the people want a return to this power and wealth, and who are we to say no to the people?
Reinstate the Course of Honours System
The old republic relied on a course of honours system where politicians were required to spend time in different councils, helping to strengthen the statesmen and better hone their skills of statecraft. By bringing this sysem back we can ensure our politicians are well-rounded and qualified individuals.
Create the State Inquisitor Tribunal
In the days of yore we had the State Inquisitors to help make sure that the republic was safe from internal threats. Working hand in hand with the Council of Ten they made sure that the Republic of Venice was safe from spies and saboteurs. Now more than ever this system is needed, as we are surrounded on all sides by enemies and more powerful states.
Invite Exiled Nobles
Many of the noble families that once made up the ruling class of Venice had their titles stripped by the Republicans or fled Italy during the civil war. By inviting them back and reinstating their titles, we can increase our legitimacy as a continuation of the Republic of Venice and open ourselves up for their investments.
Encourage a Mercantile Elite
Money, Power and Politics were all one during the medieval era of our heyday. In contrast to the rest of Europe which had a feudal nobility, we had a mercantile nobility. We should make sure to promote that spirit of business again.
The Lion of St. Mark Flies Once More
We have properly succeeded in restoring the Republic of Venice. La Serenìssima prospers like never before, and once again we shall take our place as the rightful rulers of the Mediterranean.
Venice's Place in the World
With the Council at an end, and our future decided, we should now look abroad. There is much opportunity for both expanding the Republic and intervening in the wider struggles of Europe.
Reestablish the Stato da Mar
During the days of the Old Republic, the whole eastern Mediterranean was under our dominion. The coasts of the Adriatic were home to our ports and dockyards; this was our Stato Da Mar. While that may no longer be the case, the Great Council has approved of a plan establishing a policy of how we should reclaim our rightful territories and reestablish our rule over the coasts and islands of the Mediterranean.
Begin Risorgimento
The time has come. Italy, this wonderful land of abundance, shall again be united. Viva l'Italia!
Naval Exercises
As a display of power and to promote naval morale, we should organise a series of naval exercises in the Adriatic Sea. Let our nation's enemies tremble.
Military Exercises
As a display of power and to promote the morale of our army, we should organise a series of near-combat training exercises near the Po River. Let our nation's enemies tremble.
Italy is United
It is done, Italy, beautiful Italy, is whole again. In the hearts of all patriots, this moment shall forever be remembered.
Recruit Sicilian Generals
The Sicilian officer corps, however detestable its former King may have been, undoubtedly has many competent generals. Should these generals be allowed to serve Italy?
Recruit Sardinian Generals
Many good men fought and died for Sardinia. Now, with the wounds of war beginning to heal, the fate of Sardinia's generals must be decided.
Italian Irredentism Policy
With Italy united and some of the most pressing issues of domestic policy resolved, we can look outwards, especially at those lands which, by right, should be Italian.
A Stable Italy
Our politics have been unstable since the civil war ended, but now, with an Italian Republic ruling over all Italy, we can finally end the instability that has been plaguing us for years.
A Modern Consoli dei Mercanti
The old republic employed a unique judiciary of seasoned merchants to solve trade disputes. While such a system would be antiquated today, a council of merchants could still provide valuable advice for trade and commerce.
Kickstart Venetian Industry
Although our Republic was known for its merchants and traders, it still had a flourishing glass and textile industry. We must begin to develop a more modern industrial base if we wish to live up to our past.
Establish Inland Railway Links
Although the city of Venice is without a doubt the heart of our country, the towns and cities in the interior are important economically and militarily as well, and we should improve the railways leading to and from them.
Bounty of the Sea
The Adriatic is the very soul of the Venetian people, and our history reflects this. By expanding our shipbuilding industries and utilising the natural resources of the Adriatic, we can once again become the trading hub of the Mediterranean.
A Modern Venetian Arsenal
The old Venetian arsenal was one of the largest industrial enterprises of its time. With state support for its expansion modernisation, it can take this place again.
Expand Murano Glass Production
The fine glass produced on the island of Murano is one of our largest exports, and represents a valuable opportunity for growth. By expanding production of the glass, we can start to recover the wealth and prosperity we once had.
Cultural Renewal
While overshadowed in popular memory by the greats of Florence and Milan, Venice was the birthplace of a good many men of note. Just as Tintoretto's brush illuminated the world, let us whet the people's nascent appetite for finer things.
Specialised Research Academies
While our education system is fairly modern, we shall never possess the same capacity for research as larger powers without investment. Specialised research academies, universities focused on specific subjects as directed by the state should be established to accomplish that.
Venetian Radio
Radio has become an important technology for both military and civilian use. We must ensure we have a strong grasp on this technology if we wish for our people to be entertained and our military to be informed.
Open Modern Business Schools
Our nation's commercial acumen will decline as the fervour of independence fades. To compensate, a new system of vocational schools focused on general business literacy should be opened.
Commercial Research Academies
Both the specialised research academies and system of business schools have seen success in educating our people and expanding our research capabilities. By merging the two systems we can develop the most innovative strategies in commerce and business and ensure we are present for all future developments.
Synthetics Research
Our nation lacks the oil it needs to sustain itself. Luckily, technology can provide the answer. It is now possible to convert other carbon compounds into usable liquid fuel. The industry just needs a bit of state support to get on its feet.
The Venetian Economic Miracle
Prosperity is slowly returning to the land. The days of great merchant ships packing the harbour will soon return, and with them the return of Venice's rightful place as one of the great powers of Europe.
Modernise the Navy
For centuries the Venetian Navy was the pride of our armed forces. However, times have changed and we are now struggling to even defend our coasts. We must begin a programme of naval modernisation if we wish to change this
Expand the Dockyards
The Venetian Arsenal worked hundreds of years ago, but is no longer the peak of military engineering it once was. We must build larger, modern dockyards if we want our navy to be a powerful force once more.
Build Coastal Fortifications
Until we complete the modernisation programmes, our navy will not be able to repel enemy invasions. We must build a series of fortifications along our shores to compensate for this.
Modern Naval Doctrines
Naval strategies have changed in the centuries since the height of our power, and we ensure our naval commanders are trained in the latest in naval military theory.
Sottomarini
Submarines were crucial to German victory in the Weltkrieg. Clearly any modern military must have them if they wish to have supremacy both over and under the waves.
Distrutori
We must also defend against enemy submarines. Developing new destroyers is the most effective way to accomplish this.
Incrociatori da Bataja
In order to support our fleet, large battlecruisers are needed. Producing these will be expensive, but it will surely be worth it.
Corazzate
While we lack the ability to produce dreadnoughts in sufficient number, smaller battleships are more than sufficient to repel any foe, and can easily be produced en masse.
Life at Sea
The sea and Venetians go hand-in-hand. We have lived on the sea for centuries, and as such our merchant marine is both large and capable.
Fanti da Mar
The Fanti da Mar were perhaps the first dedicated amphibious force. Let us build a new modern marine corps under their name to honour our heritage and bolster our armed forces.
Proclaim Thalassocracy
Venetian power has always been projected by the sea. While times have changed, our nation's place has not. With our naval reforms complete, we can once again assert our naval dominance. Our fleets shall be feared and revered for centuries to come!
Upgrade the Army Air Arm
Ensuring our army is backed by a capable air force is vital for modern warfare. We must begin to produce fighters to ensure air superiority.
Upgrade the Naval Air Arm
It is clear that carriers are the future of capital ships, and no carrier is complete without a squadron of naval bombers.
Forsa Aerea
The new air corps must focus on quality over quantity and have the leeway to operate without express permisson from the army or navy.
Venetian  Aviation Industry
Our region produced a disproportionate number of aircraft for the old Italy. With sufficient funding, we can capitalise on that experience to augment production.
Offensive Priority
Our small nation must strike quickly and decisively in order to remain afloat. The air force must be able to operate effectively far from home and without communications.
Construct Long-Ranged Bombers
We must have modern strategic bombers capable of destroying an enemy's industrial base.
Defend La Serenissima
Bombers threaten to destroy our homes and industry without any real fight. Our fighters must in turn have the capacity to intercept even the most advanced foreign designs.
Support the Troops
While some would like to forget the importance of close air support in pursuit of more independent air force command structures, we cannot afford to reject reality. Our aircraft must not work alone, but always in tandem with the men on the ground.
Build Airports
By integrating existing air infrastructure with future developments in the aviation industry, production shall be substantially more efficient and space freed in the cities.
Esercito Veneto
If we stay too reliant on our navy, our country will quickly be overwhelmed by foreign powers. The army must be expanded upon and brought into the modern age if we wish to survive
Superior Firepower
While we will never have the manpower to fight a prolonged conflict, our nation's industry can become the lynchpin of our national defence. By producing large numbers of high-quality heavy armaments to be used effectively in the field, our soldiers can inflict casualties disproportionate to their numbers.
Produce Modern Small Arms
As part of our focus on a small but professional army, we must make sure our soldiers have the newest in small arm technology to always have the edge over their opponents.
Canóni of the Modern Age
Artillery was key to German victory in the Weltkrieg. We must emulate their tactics and improve our own artillery if we wish to have similar success.
Grand Battleplan
Although focusing on the highest-quality equipment available may be effective, it is far too costly and our fledgling economy cannot possibly support it. We must instead focus on training our officers and commanders to have the sharpest strategic minds possible, with innovative strategies ensuring a tactical advantage over any foe.
Experiment with Motorisation
Infantry must be both motorised and sufficiently protected. Our plans must not only be implemented quickly, but remain intact beyond contact with the enemy.
Expanded Support Brigades
Non-standard support equipment allows divisions to fight more effectively and stay in the fight for longer. We must begin research on support companies and equipment to reach this goal.
Combined Arms
With the greatest land, air, and sea technologies all working in tandem, the Lion of Saint Marc shall truly roar again.
Grant Officer Autonomy
Sub-divisional commanders must have increased autonomy to interpret plans and implement them as they see fit.
Planning Schools
The drawing of maps and lines of battle is itself a science. Accordingly, specialised academies should be established for our officers.
The Last Stand of Liberty
The rescinding of state autonomies and the suspension of elections by the ANI was a flagrant violation of justice. It falls onto us to take arms against this tyranny and to stand for all that is good in the world. War with the Ultranationalists is coming and we must prepare by using all available stockpiles to arm anybody willing to fight.
Unite the Rebel Forces
The impromptu nature of our rebellion and the raising of militia forces has meant that our high command is facing difficulties with organising the armed forces. Confusion over orders within the military is common and must be remedied as soon as possible.
Raise Partisan Units
After the liberation of Friuli, many eager volunteers, who were unable to join the rebellion amongst the initial confusion in the rebellion, have petitioned to fight alongside our military against the tyrants in Milan. We must act upon this opportunity and recruit these men.
Rally Sympathetic Defectors
With the ANI facing increasing losses against Venetian forces, they are facing growing opposition both among the civilian population and the armed forces. What was promised to be a swift war has now turned into a quagmire while the prospect of foreign intervention is becoming more of a reality. We can capitalise on this opposition by appealing to disaffected soldiers to defect and help overthrow the tyrant Ciano.
Promote Army Coordination
Although our efforts to unify our rag-tag forces into a proper army have been bearing some success, the military is still facing issues of cohesion. Further effort must be undertaken if we are to defeat the ANI.
Resist the Nationalist Offensive
We are on the edge of defeat, which will surely spell for the rest of Italy. Propaganda will have to be spread among our soldiers to remind them of why they fight. Unfortunately we will have to resort to desperate measures to ensure our survival.
Utilise Austrian Ties
Our rebellion has been welcomed with open arms by the Austrians, since Ciano represents a threat to their interests. They are willing to send covert aid to assist us, which we can't refuse.
Import Foreign Arms
Our army requires more supplies if we are to stand a chance against the National Republic. Fortunately for us, the Austrian are willing to lend their old stockpiles for a cheap price.
The Final Push
Victory after victory has been accomplished on the battlefield and the defeat of Ciano and his ilk is all but assured. Morale among the military is at an all time high while the ANI is facing mass desertions.
Spread Anti-War Propaganda
As this war pits brother against brother, calls for peace have grown louder. The failure of the ANI to produce a swift victory is causing major morale issues which we can exploit. With the assistance of Austria, we can smuggle propaganda calling for the overthrowal of Ciano. With many already questioning the ability of the ANI to win the war with thousands already dead and a common sentiment that Ciano has left Italy vulnerable to the socialists, this is sure to be effective.
§MCatholic League / Republicans / Christian Liberals, People's Party§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot After completing the focus \
First Session of the Great Council
For the first time in over a hundred years, the Great Council of Venice convenes once more. Members from across the republic gather in Venice to discuss how the Venetian Republic should be structured. Already two camps have emerged between those that want Venice to be a modern republic with greatly expanded civil rights and liberties, and those that want to see the Republic of Venice restored to as it was during its golden era.
Let us begin
Election and term of the Doge
The first question to come up is the election of the Doge. In the old republic, the Doge was elected for life by the Great Council. 30 members were chosen by random lot, who would then be reduced to 9 by random lot. Those 9 would name 40 members who had to be approved by 7 of the 9. The 40 were reduced by lot to 12, who named 25 members. Those 25 had to be approved by 9 of the 12. The 9 would name 45, and each member had to be approved by 7 of the 9. The 45 members were then reduced by lot to 11. These 11 named 45 who had to be approved by 9 of the 11. These 45 were finally reduced by lot to 25, and they would finally choose the Doge, who kept the position for life.\n\nNaturally, the old system is considered rather archaic. Those within the Great Council seeking to modernise the Republic instead propose that the Doge should be elected directly by the people and with a four-year term, subject to re-election.
The old system is ridiculous. The Doge shall be elected by the people every four years!
Why change what worked for centuries? Keep the old system!
A New Republic has been Established!
After  days of voting and intense debate, the Great Council has decided to establish itself as a new, modernised and liberal republic. This marks a new chapter in Venice's history.
Fon sù i fondaminti de un nóvo doman!
The Serene Republic has been Reestablished!
After many days of voting and intense debate, the Great Council has chosen to re-establish the mercantilist, oligarchic Serene Republic of old. This marks a new chapter in Venice's history.
Viva San Marco! Viva Venezia!
We are Losing to Venice
Unbelievably, we are losing ground to the Venetians. Either we give them what they want now, and hope they stop there, or we may end up facing a rather humiliating defeat at their hands, one where we lose everything.
End this war now
No, this is too early to call yet
[From.GetNameDefCap] Sues for Peace
Our war against [From.GetNameDef] has been going well, but at a cost to both nations. We have received an offer of peace promising Istria and our other claims if we lay down our arms. What should we do?
Let's end this
Why stop here? We will take everything!
Restarting the Marriage to the Sea
For centuries starting in 1000 CE there was the Festa de la Sensa and the Marriage of the Sea held on Ascension Day. However, when Napoleon destroyed the Republic in 1798 the festival stopped being celebrated. Now that the Republic is reformed, we can celebrate  the Venetian Republic's Marriage to the Sea once again.
We wed thee, sea, as a sign of true and everlasting domination.
[GetYear] Sposalizio del Mare
Today we once again celebrate the marriage of the sea. Decorated ships with both Venetian and foreign dignitaries have been coming and going from the harbor, and the mood in the city has been nothing short of ecstatic. After a lengthy speech, Doge [Root.GetLeader] tossed a ring into the lagoon signifying the marriage of Venice to the Sea. Later in the night, fireworks exploded celebrating our national day, both in the city and throughout the hinterlands of the country.
We wed thee, sea, as a sign of true and everlasting domination.
Reviving Venetian Carnival
During the days of the Venetian Republic, Carnival was a popular festival that celebrated the end of Lent and before Ash Wednesday began. Even after the end of the Republic in 1798, the festival was always popular and private festivals would remain celebrated. However, now that the Republic is restored we can begin to celebrate Carnival once again.
Long live Venice!
Venetian Carnival
Today the cities of the Republic fill with people in colourful costumes and intricate masks celebrating Carnival. Our ancient tradition has been revived, and throughout the night music, fireworks, and laughter can be heard.
Long live Venice!
Ponte della Libertà
Today marks the opening of the Ponte della Libertà or the Bridge of Liberty, connecting the city of Venice to the Mainland. With the republic once again founded and the city of Venice the heart of the Republic once more, the bridge was created to celebrate the freedom that which the republic stands for.
Defendemo la paxe e la libarta!
Sebastiano Venier Naval Military School
Today the Sebastiano Venier Naval Military School opened to train a new generation of Venetian Admirals. Named after the famed Venetian admiral Sebastiano Venier who won the battle of Lepanto, the  School also helps to ensure a love of the sea by offering numerous water activities from sailing to swimming. Many of the teachers and faculty are active or retired members of the Venetian navy.
To the next generation of Venetian sailors!
The [GetYear] [Root.GetAdjective] Elections
The months leading up to the elections for the new Doge and his party this year in [Root.GetNameDef] have been as divisive and charged as ever. With people flooding to the polls, the winner turns out to be...
... the Partito Liberałe Cristian!
... the Partito Repubblicano Veneto!
... the Lega Catòłega!
... the Partito Popolare Veneto!
Electing the Doge
The byzantine process to select the new Doge-for-life has taken weeks, but now it is down to two candidates: Giuseppe Volpi, hero of the revolt, and Giovanni Ponti. Volpi has widespread popular support thanks to his status as war hero, but there are many conservatives who believe his ideas of reform are too liberal. Ponti, on the other hand is favoured by the newly-reestablished nobility. The vote is sure to be a close one.
The byzantine process to select the new Doge-for-life has taken weeks, but now it is down to two candidates: the liberal, Giuseppe Volpi, and the conservative, Giovanni Ponti. Considering Volpi and his party were not even in favour of returning to the ways of the old republic, Ponti is the heavy favourite. Even so, Volpi has numerous connections from his many stints in provincial government, and there is still a chance he could win.
Giuseppe Volpi is our new Doge!
Giovanni Ponti is our new Doge!
Umberto Merlin
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1885, in Rovigo, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giuseppe Volpi
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1877, in Venice, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Ponti
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 19th, 1896, in Venice, Kingdom of Italy§!
Giovanni Battista Gianquinto
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1905, in Trapani, Kingdom of Italy§!
Mario Balotta
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1886, in Rome, Kingdom of Italy§!
Ermacora Zuliani
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1897, in Magnano in Riviera, Udine, Kingdom of Italy§!
Antonio Scaramuzza
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1902, in Venice, Kingdom of Italy§!
Michele Vaccaro
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1887, in Girgenti, Kingdom of Italy§!
Upper Volta
Voltan
Upper Volta
Union of the Volta
the Union of the Volta
Union of the Volta
the Union of the Volta
Union of the Volta
the Union of the Volta
Union of the Volta
the Union of the Volta
Christophe Kalenzaga
§YBorn:§! §L1910, in Oualaga, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Henri Guissou
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1910, in Koudougou, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Joseph Ouédraogo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1919, in Saaba, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Nazi Boni
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1909, in Bouan, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Antoine Augustin Dim Delobsom
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Sao, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Phillippe Zinda Kabore
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 18th, 1920, in Koudougou, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Mogho Naaba Kom II
§YBorn:§! §L1889, in the Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Robert Louis Delavignette
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 29th, 1897, in Sainte-Colombe-sur-Seine, Côte-d'Or, French Republic§!
Aboubakar Sangoulé Lamizana
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1916, in Dianra, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Joseph Issoufou Conombo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1917, in Tampinko, Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
Sambo Joseph Sankara
§YBorn:§! §L1919, in the Colony of Upper Volta, French West Africa§!
CGT
Confédération Générale des Travailleurs
UNTHV
Union Nationale des Travailleurs de Haute-Volta
CATC
Confédération Africaine des Travailleurs Croyants
CATC
Confédération Africaine des Travailleurs Croyants
PNL
Parti National pour la Liberté
Francs-Maçons
Francs-Maçons
EV
Entente Voltaïque
Traditional Chiefs
Traditional Chiefs
Colonial Authorities
Colonial Authorities
MNV
Mouvement Nana-Vo
Wallonia Focus Tree
Wallonia
Walloon
Wallonia
Walloon Communal Republic
the Walloon Communal Republic
Walloon Communal Republic
the Walloon Communal Republic
Walloon Communal Republic
the Walloon Communal Republic
PTW
Parti Totalitaire de Wallonie
POB
Parti Ouvrier Belge
POB
Parti Ouvrier Belge
POB
Parti Ouvrier Belge
PLP
Parti Libéral Progressiste
PL
Parti Libéral
DC
Démocrates Chrétiens
Interim Government
REX
Parti Rexiste
REX
Parti Rexiste
Royalists
Supporters of the King
UNW
Union National Wallon
Memories of the Revolution
Loss of Faith in the Monarchy
Royal Power Damaged
Consolidated Power
Royal Councillor
Royal Constitution
Royal Legion
Lack of Majority
Catholics Invited
Socialists Invited
POB-PL Coalition
DC-PL Coalition
Republican Constitution
Le Chant des Wallons
Weak Grasp
Consolidated Power
Rexist Corporatism
Military Propaganda
Liberal Dissent
POB [BEL_HOS]
Syndicalist Chairman
Seized Basic Industry
National Mining Company
Expanded State Education
Catholic Education Banned
POB Control Established
Syndicalist Control Established
Resistance to Totalism
First POB Congress
Dismantled Army
Royal Assets Seized
Economic Depression
Walloon Industrial Expansion
Economic Direction
Economic Revitalisation
Solvay Research Institute
Mining Improvements
German Investments
Frontaliers
Increased German Export
Congolese Profits
Army in Tatters
Returned Discipline
Bilingual Staff
German Staff
Half Track Innovation
Walloon Merchant Marine
Established Centre of Trade
§MMonarchy§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot To go absolute monarchy: send armed forces to deal with the trouble at Seraing.\n£white_dot To go constitutional monarchy: listen to the reds' demands at the trouble at Seraing.\n£white_dot Give in to syndicalist demands when the negotiations with them begin.\n£white_dot Complete the focus \
The Dissolution of Flanders-Wallonia
Flanders has seceded from our Kingdom and has declared its independence. German citizens and the Royal Family have fled the region and are re-establishing their hold on our nation. Meanwhile the Revolution still rages on and is destabilising the region with no clear end in sight. Quick and decisive action will be required to avoid the Red Menace that wants to destroy our nation. Walloon capitalists and liberals look on however, fearing the revolution but equally unhappy with German rule. Their efforts to form a republic have proven fruitless over the last decade but a new opportunity may well have now presented itself.
Hoist the Coq, Wallonia is born.
Trouble at Seraing
With riots and protests throughout the entire Sillon Industriel, members of the Syndicalist resistance have holed up in the Seraing Steel Mills refusing to allow the factory to reopen and holding twelve members of the administration hostage. Troops retreating from Flanders are massing near Namur but a small contingent could be relocated to Liège to help quell the issue. Shareholders of the company meanwhile are desperately urging the government to leave the facility intact and are lobbying as much as possible to preserve their interests.
Send an armed force to Seraing.
Listen to the reds' demands.
Negotiations With the Syndicalists
One of the leaders of the rebels trapped inside the mills has come out and given us their demands. They promise to leave the factory intact if the King adheres to the terms won during the 1935 strikes, signs a new Labour Act enacting the promised forty-hour working week and sets out measures providing more transparent employee-employer relations. The Liberal party has already declared their opposition to the demands as it would suppress free trade and strip privileges from them. Still, if we were to cave in to their demands we might be able to weaken support for an outright syndicalist revolution and change the mind of the more liberal POB members.
Give in to their demands.
Stall the negotiations.
Send in the Feldgendarmerie.
Stalled Negotiations
Two days have passed since the syndicalists' demands were received and no answer has been given as of yet by the government. News of the situation has spread like wildfire throughout the nation and similar actions have been undertaken in the glass factories of Charleroi and have even struck the arms producer FN. The situation is reaching a boiling point and with terrorist attacks in Hainaut, we need to act now or the army will be spread too thin to counter large uprisings. Our commanders are advising us to make an example of the Seraing strikers and to send in the army to flush them from their stronghold. Liberal lobbyists are still warning the King not to act violently and advise him to seek a middle ground.
Send in the Feldgendarmerie.
Sign a reduced version of the Labour Act.
Labour Act Adopted
With the promise of better working conditions and the announced Labour Act, many of the smaller strikes have been calmed and left the factories without causing too much damage. The Strikers of Seraing however are still holding out and are once more demanding the government sign the full Labour Act or to resign at once. The POB, which has seen its influence greatly increase in the last decade, has joined the syndicalists' call and have demanded the immediate resignation of the government.
We must gain support from the liberals!
Liberal Party Refuses to Assist
Smelling their chance, the Liberals have decided to throw their own hat into the ring and have joined the POB in their demands for resignation. They state that the only way to solve this crisis now is by listening to the people and holding emergency elections.
Where do we get our support from now?
Protest in La Louvière
It appears that in La Louvière thousands of disgruntled miners have come down to the town square to protest against the pro-German government and to demand Adelbert's abdication. Feldgendarmerie have been keeping watch on the protest and so far have been able to discourage violence between the Walloons and the much smaller counterprotest by German citizens. Though only small in size, the protest marks the end of an era. Further protests around the nation are already being organised and a general strike has now kept the nation paralysed for two weeks. The situation is becoming completely untenable with many Germans leaving the nation to avoid repression by the syndicalists.
The monarchy is faltering!
The Namur March
Further protests are engulfing the nation, with many people leaving their homes to gather on the streets of Namur. A product of the prestigious regional glass industry, a life-sized sculpture of Adelbert has been toppled in the town square and symbolically smashed to bits with mining pickaxes. Though police were able to arrest the perpetrators it was already too late as shards of glass were quickly grabbed by bystanders permanently memorialising the events of the day.
We must fortify the Palace.
Royal Councillor Resigns
Not willing to risk his life for that of his king anymore, the royal councillor has announced his resignation and was seen leaving the palace to loud applause. The Feldgendarmerie have been used to push the crowd away from the fences and avoid violent escalation. Their efforts have been met by a grand crowd-driven performance of the Chant Des Wallons
Summon Parliament to the Palace.
Final Royal Meeting
Only a small faction of politicians with nearly no members of the POB has answered the call and have come to attend what may be the last Royal Meeting. The King asked every single person in the room whether they believe his current predicament is solvable. He was met with no clear response until the leader of the Liberal Party, Auguste Buisseret, stepped forward and told the King that there was no way he would be able to return to power. The people have spoken and it's abdication they demand. Only then will we be able to calm down the populace and resume our work.
Abdication is the only dignified way out.
But what about a referendum?
Referendum Refused
In a last ditch effort to retain power Adelbert requested the government hold a referendum on the future of the monarchy but was turned down. Support for the King has almost reached single digits, making a costly referendum pointless. The proposal was put to a vote and unanimously voted down. The reign of King Adelbert is over.
Sign the abdication papers.
King Adelbert I Abdicates
Turned down by both the Flemish and the Walloons, Adelbert has finally given in and at 4pm put down his final signature as King of the Flemish and Walloons. Although German rule is far from over, the monarchy has reached its end.
Hoist the Coq Wallon!
First Walloon Elections
After two decades of strict German rule, the first free elections have been held. Even the syndicalist branch of the POB has been allowed to participate and has spend the last week desperately amassing as much popularity as possible. The PL has also gathered substantial support and is particularly popular around the city of Namur and among the remaining German minority. However no party seems capable of achieving an absolute majority and a political impasse may drag on for multiple weeks if no agreement is reached.
The POB wins the election.
The PL wins a close victory.
PL Wins the Most Seats
Closely beating the POB and the Catholics, the PL under its leader Auguste Buisseret has won the most seats and been given the right to begin forming a government. While a Catholic-Liberal alliance is the most likely outcome, the POB has offered to assist the PL if they can guarantee more freedom for the worker class and immediately pass the Labour Act through Parliament. A so-called 'Red-Yellow alliance' would grant almost complete control over the government but may be more difficult to keep intact than a Swedish coalition.
The real work starts now.
Adelbert Caves in to the Strikers
With his back against the wall and his position as strong sovereign growing increasingly fragile, King Adelbert has agreed to sign the Labour Act. The syndicalists left their position and their leader could be seen shaking hands with the King, publicly indicating a curious softening of Adelbert's absolutist obsession.
The Labour Act is signed.
Support for the King Increases
Impressed by the decisive actions of their King, Parliament gave a standing ovation on their next sitting. The leader of the POB, Fernand Dehousse, gave a speech openly praising Adelbert and announcing his push for a more democratic constitutional monarchy.
Public adulation, interesting...
Truce Offered to the Resistance
With the Liège province partially pacified, Adelbert has offered a truce to the syndicalist resistance which still fiercely defends the western villages of Hainaut. Promising a royal pardon and the option for them to create their own legal party, the King has demanded a complete end to hostilities. The syndicalist rebels however have refused this offer and increased their raids on our military camps.
They have had their chance.
Syndicalist Resistance Crushed
After the syndicalist refusal, a strike force consisting of both Walloon and German troops was assembled with orders to push into Mons and secure the city while the detachments flanked the rebels, enveloped them and began successfully clearing the villages street by street. Though two weeks of heavy fighting ensued, in the end we regained control with relatively minimal casualties.
The Syndicalists have been defeated for now.
Troops Storm Seraing
Just like last year Adelbert has yet again given the order to disperse any protestors violently and break up the strikes with force. Within two hours the factory complex was cleared of all opposition. The floor is red with blood as the last of the syndicalists are slaughtered, a clear warning to all others willing to protest.
The resistance will be quelled again.
Mons Liberated
After our defeat at Mons during the Belgian revolution, our troops have been licking their wounds. Now they are however fully prepared and ready to attack the syndicalist barricades.
Fire at will, men.
POB Banned From Parliament
Though no clear connection can be found between the moderate faction of the POB who has been part of the government since 1919 and the radical syndicalist splinter faction, Adelbert has signed a royal decree outlawing the party and kicking it out of the government. Although loud protests erupted as expected, all were quelled by the prospect of prison.
Another step towards the end of Syndicalism.
A New Wallonia
Much has changed during the last two weeks, with the remaining syndicalist cells being destroyed and mass arrests throughout the Sillon Industriel. Experts estimate the death toll at about 15,300 citizens and the arrest of around 800 leading members of the organisation. German control has once again been largely established in Wallonia, kept intact by a regime of fear and repression.
I think a toast is in order.
Search For Assistance Against Flanders
The political situation has stabilised and the economy is slowly recovering, yet much remains to be done. Flanders, which declared its independence during the Belgian Revolution, is still a rightful part of our country. However ti has fallen out of our sphere of influence and is now a direct member of the Reichspakt. Only by carefully manoeuvring our way on the German political battlefield can we secure their support for the reunification.
Send word to Germany.
Wallonia Requests Our Support
After the chaos of the Belgian revolution, the nation of Flanders-Wallonia split into two separate states. The Dutch speaking region of Flanders has successfully achieved its separation from the union and has become a somewhat autonomous member of the Reichspakt. Wallonia however is still under our more direct control and has finally defeated the revolution. Now they request our aid in reconquering their lost land and reuniting Flanders-Wallonia. While this may reestablish our rule over the region it may lead to further trouble in the future. Denial of their request may once again throw the nation into turmoil as the power of the government may be called into question.
Support the Walloon cause.
No, the Flemish are good allies.
Germany Supports Us
The Kaiser has seen the right way and has acceded to our request. No German aid will be sent to Flanders in case of war and no other members of the Reichspakt will be allowed to intervene.
Prepare the invasion.
Germany Denies Our Request
The Kaiser has denied our request and expelled the emissaries who came up with this supposedly ridiculous idea. If we attack Flanders, we can be sure to feel the full wrath of the German behemoth. Unrest is already brewing in Parliament with many seeing this as the first signs of weakness. We will have to tread carefully to counter nationalist uprisings.
Wilhelm has failed us!
The Government is Failing!
After the disastrous campaign to gather support against Flanders and the failure to completely solve the syndicalist problem, nationalists are flocking to the banner of Léon Degrelle who promises Wallonia for the Walloons and a strong answer to syndicalism. While the Liberals have already spoken against his outrageous populism, the Catholics seem to be unsure about whether to speak out against him. Trouble is also brewing in the army where many who joined up to defeat the Flemish are disappointed by their government and are requesting a stronger response.
Arrest Degrelle!
Arrest of Degrelle
Although Degrelle was easily captured by our police force, this has caused massive outrage across the cities. Many see this as curbing of freedom of speech and Rexist propaganda is starting to appear on every street corner with small skirmishes occurring between police and members when caught.
This situation is starting to escalate.
Trouble at the University of Liège
The populist rhetoric of Degrelle has spread far and wide and has become a breeding ground for students having trouble finding work after the Black Monday crisis. Peaceful protests are being organised on campus and in the streets calling for his release and the creation of new jobs.
Disperse the crowds.
Mutiny in the Army
In many of the smaller kazernes troups conscripted specifically for the unification wars, Walloon soldiers seem to be plotting against their German commanders. Disobeying orders and deliberately damaging military equipment seems to have become popular passtimes amongst our young soldiery.
Disperse these regiments across the nation.
Message From the Vatican
The Pope has decided to interfere in the Degrelle case calling for clemency. It appears that supporters of Rex were able to reach the nuntius of München, Eugenio Pacelli who contacted the Pope. Impressed by Degrelle's devotion to God, the Holy Father has requested that our government grant Degrelle clemency. It would be in our best interests to keep this request secret as it may cause severe trouble if this leaks out. Cardinal Mercier has offered to speak on the prime minister's behalf in Parliament denying the whole affair.
Allow Mercier to go ahead.
Betrayed By Mercier!
Although his speech was screened by the cabinet and given to him before the speech, Mercier decided to speak out against the government questioning their resolve and explaining the Papal affair in its entirety. This evidently led to outrage in Parliament with supporters of Degrelle demanding his release and praising Mercier for his efforts in whistleblowing about the scandal.
This is not going too well.
Release Degrelle?
With popular opinion turning against the government and demand for Degrelle's release increasing by the day, we will soon be forced to decide whether to release him and hope that it calms down the crowds gathering in front of Parliament, or keep him imprisoned and risk the people's wrath. The minister for internal affairs however is pushing the prime minister to speed up the trial and have Degrelle executed before the situation gets out of hand.
Release Degrelle.
Move the trial forward.
Degrelle Released
To avoid further escalation the government has decided not to press their case against Degrelle and dropped charges against him. Although this act served initially to stem the growing unrest, most of the damage has already been done. Pictures showing a frail and weakened Degrelle leaving the prison are front page news across the entire country. Rexists in the government are pushing for a motion of no confidence saying that the current government clearly doesn't speak for its people and should resign at once. Degrelle himself has in the meantime announced his candidature for prime minister and is helping to fuel the Rexist propaganda machine.
A catastrophe!
The Motion of No Confidence Succeeds!
Defeated in a motion of no confidence by 103 to 75, the entire cabinet has reluctantly resigned and the government has fallen. Early elections have been called for the end of the month while all regular government affairs have ceased. It has already become clear that this going to be a close election with REX appearing to be on the verge of becoming the largest party in Wallonia.
The POB, DC and PL band together.
The DC speaks out in favour of Degrelle.
Rex Wins the Election!
Rex has become the largest party in Wallonia closely followed by the POB. Though Rex failed to reach an outright majority, with support from the DC a working coalition has been established. The POB and PL have called for a recount but have been turned down by the Courts, with the judges stating that REX has won fair and square.
Degrelle assumes control.
The Grand Coalition Wins the Election!
By combining their efforts and denouncing REX, the grand coalition of POB, DC and PL was able to win the election. REX only achieved 19% of the votes and has been excluded from the government. Although many of Degrelle's supporters still remain, the party will most likely never achieve the same momentum.
A victory for democracy!
The Trial of Degrelle
Thousands have gathered outside Wallonia's highest court as Degrelle is brought before the judge. After many hours of proceedings the judge has finally given his trial verdict. Degrelle has been variously found guilty of committing an attack on the nation aimed at overthrowing or changing its form of government and bringing citizens under arms against the legal state and its lawfully appointed organs. This assortment of crimes is to be punished by the death penalty, an outcome to be fulfilled before the end of the week.
Hopefully this means an end to REX.
Rexist Coup
Fuelled by the unjust condemnation of Degrelle and the severity of his punishment, ever more supporters have flocked to the Rexist banner. On Sunday night, with most government agencies closed military putschists launched a pro-Rexist coup, lifting the prime minister from his bed and capturing many key military installations. Freed by his supporters, Degrelle has declared the beginning of a new Rexist era as his troops captured the last remaining government strongholds. When the sun rose the next day, REX had fulfilled its coup objectives and assumed full control over the state.
A new era awaits!
Degrelle Shot!
During a visit to the FN Herstal factory, Léon Degrelle has been shot dead by a factory worker. Though his bodyguards immediately returned fire, killing the assailant, with Degrelle rushed to the closest hospital, medical attention came too late and at around 16:00 our great leader died. Due to his consolidation of power over the last few years, it seems that there is no clear successor to his legacy and while the leaders of REX are fighting each other, the other parties smell a chance to recover their lost popularity. Whether or not REX will be able to retain power after the loss of their charismatic leader is to be seen but dark clouds are definitely brewing over Wallonia.
No doubt REX will tear itself apart now.
Infighting Within REX
In the wake of the death of Degrelle, his second in command Victor Matthys has wrested control of the party to the consternation of other major players like Louis Collard and the minister of propaganda Georges Prosper Remi. Matthys' leadership qualities have quickly been outed as lacklustre at best after he decided that the populace can only be kept in line with extreme repression. While it seems order has temporarily been restored, behind the façade of violence resistance keeps brewing and Matthys' rule may be short-lived.
Yet more turbulence.
Coup D'état in Wallonia!
The succession crisis seems to have finally affected the army, which has risen up in protest against the cruel massacres commissioned by Matthys to eliminate his opponents. Supported by the PL and the POB, officers have ordered their soldiers to disobey all Rexist commands and tanks have been be seen rolling through the avenues of Liège towards the party headquarters. All the same, the remaining hardliners are unwilling to give up so easily and without a surrender by the Rexists a bloodbath is almost inevitable.
Demand they lay down their weapons.
Consultation with Remi
While Louis Collard has fortified himself with the REX hardliners inside the party headquarters, Georges Prosper Remi has been cooperating with the resistance since Degrelle's death seeking a return to democracy and a peaceful transition of power. While his efforts have proven futile in avoiding armed conflict so far, he still holds some sway within the nation and has convinced many of the other Rexists outside of the capital to surrender themselves to the army. While he has tried mediating with the remaining hardliners, all have come to naught and it seems that they will not go down without a fight.
Launch the attack.
Georges Deffontaine Assumes Temporary Control
After a short but bloody siege of the party headquarters, the army has emerged victorious and has proclaimed Georges Deffontaine leader of provisionary government until elections are held. The POB and PL have immediately restarted their propaganda efforts and with REX having been disbanded by the military, Georges Prosper Remi has announced that he will be running for office to contain the remaining Rexist elements and help Wallonia on its way towards full democracy.
We'll prepare elections!
Post-REX Elections
After the downfall of REX and the military coup, the elections are finally upon us. The POB under Fernand Dehousse has been polling excellently but has received some hits due to a damaging scandal concerning one of their party members. Auguste Buisseret is also doing well with his message of liberal democracy and has attracted many of the German capitalists. Georges Prosper Remi is, to the surprise of many, still following closely as well and might even pull a close victory out of the elections with his message of solidarity and national unity.
Fernand Dehousse and the POB.
Auguste Buisseret and the PL.
Georges Prosper Remi and the UNW.
POB Wins the Election
Unsurprising to many, the POB was able to sway the voters and win a landslide victory. Internal strife however is damaging the party and long discussions can be heard in parliament discussing the future of the socialist party. Subfactions under Lucie Dejardin, Julien Lahaut and Walter Dauge are damaging Fernand Dehousse standing and may force his hand into a dangerous position. The syndicalists demand a quick and painless revolution while the more conservative faction prefers upholding the status quo with small socialist reforms.
Difficult negotiations are approaching.
Question of Leadership
As the POB tries to settle in and form its cabinet, a motion of no confidence has been proclaimed against Fernand Dehousse calling him a traitor to the working class and unfit to rule. Though the syndicalist members support this motion, other sub-factions led by Julien Lahaut and Walter Dauge are less inclined to support them as this would result in syndicalist dominance within the party.
Fernand Dehousse remains head of the Party.
Lucie Dujardin becomes Chairwoman.
Bloodbath at Liège
With no consensus within the POB, members of the extremist syndicalist and totalist factions have decided to handle the matters their own way. During yet another failing meeting between Fernand Dehousse and members of a new social liberal faction, masked assailants stormed the room butchering Fernand Dehousse and his staff. Over sixty high-ranking members of the POB were massacred after which the assailants left. Shocked by these events, Parliament has announced a day of national sorrow mourning the casualties of the attack.
Chaos reigns once more.
Lahaut Assumes Control
With all opposition dealt with and no immediate response from the moderate syndicalists, Julien Lahaut has taken control of the POB and is starting to push for full on revolution, breaking the chains and liberating the worker class from capitalist oppression.
Dark times are upon us.
Military Disbanded
To avoid problems with the military, Lahaut has fired all officers and cut off their funding. Only a small faction called the Red Guard ahs been allowed to remain extant, a praetorian guard consisting of Lahaut's fiercest supporters.
The military has been dismantled.
Walloon Ultimatum
The Walloon government has presented us with an ultimatum demanding our immediate reunification with them and the recreation of Flanders-Wallonia. Troops have been seen performing military exercises along our southern border and even the remnants of the former Flemish-Walloon navy have acted particularly brashly off our coast. We do technically outnumber them though so should be able to defend ourselves.
Well, I suppose it is in both of our interests...
Flanders is an independent nation!
Ultimatum Refused!
The ultimatum was denied and our neighbours now fortify their border in preparation for war.
Launch the invasion.
We can do nothing.
Wallonia Requests Deutsch-Wallonia
The Walloon government has approached us over the Walloon province we annexed after the Weltkrieg. They state that returning it to them would solve unrest in the region and strengthen our borders. We can easily deny them this land however and remind them of their defeat at our hands.
Return German Wallonia.
To the victor, the spoils.
Wallonia Requests Flanders
Wallonia, claiming all those lands once held by Belgium, has demanded that our nation transfer control over Flanders to them.
Return Flanders.
To the victor, the spoils.
Request Refused!
The request was denied and our neighbours now fortify their border in preparation for potential conflict.
Damn.
Wallonia Requests Entry into the Internationale
Our Northern neighbour has successfully broken the chains and wants to join our alliance. German repression against their revolution may be approaching though so we should consider whether we want to take this risk.
Let them in.
Refuse them.
The Internationale Denies Membership
We have been betrayed by our socialist brothers and have to face German might all alone now.
Is the revolution lost?
Syndicalism in Wallonia
It appears that syndicalism has spread to our puppet state of Wallonia and that Adelbert has once again been deposed. Our armies are already preparing for an invasion but may still be called off and prevent retaliation from the Commune of France.
Prepare the attack!
Wallonia is no longer pressing.
POB Spreads Propaganda
In the days leading up to the contentious election, all parties are scrambling their best propaganda teams to advocate their strengths and denounce the others. Their main focus seems to be to portray the PL-DC coalition as the enemy and to try and instil fear in the working class.
The election is approaching!
PL Spreads Propaganda
The PL has focused on countering the fear instilled into the middle class by the Catholics against the Socialists. 'Carnaval... after Easter, the Citizen has become wise enough to see through these lies!'
REX Spreads Propaganda
Led by their mildly popular leader Degrelle, REX is seeking to sway voters by promising the complete cleanup, or 'groote kuisch' of career politicians and to restore Wallonia to its true Belgian borders.
DC Spreads Propaganda
Afraid of Catholics voting against them and for REX, DC has launched a smear campaign against Degrelle calling him alternately confused 'dwaashoofd' and mad with power, 'macht'.
POB Spreads Propaganda
To remember the workers of the pre-Weltkrieg situation, POB has sought to present the image of the failed PL-DC and their cronies drowning in failures. 'After their failure to hold Belgium, do you still trust them?'
POB Spreads Propaganda
'The time for socialism is now. The PL-DC are stuck in the past where the POB looks to the future! So the reign of money can end and the reign of the worker may commence!'
Anti-German Propaganda
Hung up in the middle of the night with no witnesses, large amount of anti-German propaganda has turned up showing the invaders as swine ravaging the corpse of Belgium. Police searches were unsuccessful in finding the perpetrators but many German citizens are fearful, and outrage is spreading.
Foundation of the IBA
Created by scientists from all Walloon Universities and even the Flemish, Ion Beam Applications has been launched aimed at boosting the high tech industry of Wallonia. With a large focus on prosthetics and cyclotron, they hope to revolutionise the niche and take the world by storm.
Fund their projects.
Observe their progress.
Return on Investment!
IBA was able to expand with our subsidies into the American market and has received attention from their government as well. A contract has been signed between them and IBA, allowing easier expansion and the takeover of a biotechnology firm in the States.
Great success!
Investment Failed!
With the subsidies IBA has tried to enter the German market but was forced to sign harsh terms with their government and has been blocked off from further expansion. Even worse, it seems that one of their employees has leaked company secrets to their counterparts causing them to fall even farther behind.
Truly a shame!
Extraction of New Resources
To combat the reliance on coal and heavy industry, the government has launched a large scale programme to overhaul part of the Hainaut industry seeking to turn it into the glass centre of Europe. Heavily based out of Charleroi new and existing companies have been funded and expanded.
We'll need more than that though.
Request From the Union Minière
While the Belgian government lost our colony after the Weltkrieg, most of the Congolese economy is still controlled by our corporations. The Union Minière du Haut Katanga is the largest amongst them and has established itself as one of the world's most important players on the resource market. Mittelafrikan meddling however is starting to interfere with their interests and their government has imposed restrictions on the company. Therefore they have decided to withdraw most of their funds and to take loans with Walloon banks instead of German ones. To achieve this though, they will need support from our government and an adaption to our laws to enable them an easy transfer. While the benefits may be huge, we have to tread carefully to avoid German wrath.
Support the UMHK.
Distance ourselves from their efforts.
Propose New Agreement With Mittelafrika
To support our citizens and the UMHK abroad, the government has drafted up a proposal for Mittelafrika. They request easier access to the mines, permission to build infrastructure in Kongo and to lease the harbour of Boma to our nation. In return, UMHK will pay an increased amount of tax and will build housing, hospitals and schools for the local population. A new trade agreement will be signed increasing Walloon imports from Mittelafrika and at the same time offering more favourable arrangements for their government.
We can all benefit!
Let's not be hasty...
[From.GetName] Seeks an Agreement
To support their citizens and the Union Minière du Haut Katanga in Mittelafrika, the [From.GetAdjective] government has drafted up a proposal for us. They request easier access to the mines, permission to build infrastructure in Kongo and to lease the harbour of Boma to their nation. In return, UMHK will pay an increased amount of tax and will build housing, hospitals and schools for the local population. A new trade agreement will be signed increasing Walloon import from Mittelafrika while also granting more favourable arrangements for our government. Due to the economic troubles we are experiencing, allowing the Flemish-Walloons to invest in our nation would be hugely beneficial but would also increase their influence over the Congolese region. Turning them down however would be very costly as a very substantial part of our economy depends on the UMHK.
A bold but welcome suggestion!
We don't sign agreements with non-entities.
Mittelafrika Accepts
Mittelafrika seems to have agreed to our terms and have once more given UMHK free rein over the provinces of Congo. Our request to the harbour of Boma has however been refused for the time until we have accomplished our part of the bargain.
Very well!
Mittelafrika Refuses!
It appears that the brutish Mittelafrikan regime refused all of our demands and has even increased the taxes levied on our firms by another two percent. The UMHK is furious at their actions and has announced to our government that the Mittelafrikan colonial administration will pay for their vindictive actions.
Hopefully they don't act too drastically...
Returns on Congo Investments
After the expansion of the railroads connecting Boma and Katanga, the first shipments are entering the harbour of Antwerp. Due to our arrangements with the Flemish government, splitting the profits, most of the goods are reaching Liège. Copper, Uranium, Gold and much more are flowing through the Adelbert Canal ready for exporting into Europe.
Money is flowing in.
Preserve the Monarchy
The Flemish may have kicked us out but the rule of Adelbert shall continue in the south.
Consolidate Royal Power
Once again it has been proven that only through harsh actions the population can be kept under control.
Form Royal Guard
We can't keep depending on the Feldgendarmerie, we need a strong and loyal royal guard.
Strengthen German Ties
Good relations with Berlin are vital for our reign as without them all may collapse once more.
Appoint a Royal Councillor
The Royal Councillor is our direct link to Parliament which he observes and intervenes in on our behalf. While [GetSecondInCommand] has served us well in the past few years, the recent uprisings may have caused the end of his career.
Adapt the Constitution
The political systems of our nation have changed drastically and a revision of the old Flanders-Walloon constitution is in order.
Give Up Our Belgian Claims
We should no longer strive for the conquest of Flanders. We are stronger on our own and can better focus on the needs of the Walloon people without them.
Strengthen Control
After victory in the election and the use of coalitions to manoeuvre ourselves into an ideal position, we can finally focus on strengthening our control over the total picture.
Le Chant des Wallons
Nationalism has been reinforced, the nation strengthened and new opportunities appear at every corner. Guided by our national anthem and the will of our people will we march towards the horizon!
Reaffirm Belgian Claims
The Flemish may have gotten the best of us during their revolution but the lion has been licking its wounds under the guise of a rooster. Soon we shall strike and take back our rightful land.
War Games on the Flemish Border
The Flemish invasion is imminent and close observation and training along the border may provide us with the edge we need.
Lobby Abroad
After their independence they were able to escape our wrath under the wing of Germany. We need to prove to Wilhelm that we are capable of holding the region and that splitting it up is detrimental to his greater vision.
Send the Ultimatum
The time for war has come. Flanders will bow beneath the rooster and will rejoin our union.
Reform into a Republic
The monarchy has proven to be a failure and has been replaced by the Walloon Republic
Hold Elections
With tensions high between the POB, PL and German royalists, elections have to be held as soon as possible to bring stability back to our nation.
Invite the Catholics
To secure a total majority in Parliament and consolidate our power base, we'll need the support from the Catholics in the south.
Invite the Socialists
We have to extend the olive branch to our friends in the POB to guide the way towards a stable and prosperous society.
Form a Government
The first round of negotiations has proven successful and it's now time to finalise the formation and announce the new Walloon government.
Syndicalist Revolution
The syndicalist revolution has arrived and is sweeping through the industrial centres of the Sillon Industriel. A steady hand will be necessary to avoid bloodshed and violence.
Peaceful Transition
The only way to truly win over the heart of the working class is by fair and democratic elections. Through a solid parliamentary powerbase, we'll start reforming and shaping Wallonia into our socialist ideal.
A POB [BEL_HOS]
Fernand Dehousse has led the party through the elections and should be the undisputed leader of the party. As the first Walloon [BEL_HOS], he will guide Wallonia towards the future.
A Syndicalist Chairman
Fernand Dehousse has grown soft and has abandoned all what the Syndicalist revolution stood for. He will need to be replaced by a true syndicalist so the revolution can continue.
Nationalise the Basic Industry
The Steel and Coal industry is our most important industrial branch but is nearly entirely controlled by Walloon and German capitalists. If we were to take control over these important sectors we can secure that workers are placed above profits.
Found the National Mining Company
To avoid an industrial collapse on the scale of Black Monday, we need to create a state-owned mining company to control and subsidise our own coal mines to secure the jobs of our people.
Expand State Education
To reduce the influence of the Catholics, we need to prove that state education can be just as good or even better.
Abolish Catholic Education
Through their vast education system, the Catholics control the mind and spirit of our youth. Church and Education should be completely separated and the latter be made solely state controlled.
Introduce Women's Suffrage
Some of our voters are starting to doubt whether the POB will stay on the revolutionary path or is starting to drift off into a status quo complacency. Therefore the leader of the Party has announced that he will press for voting rights for all citizens : men and women.
The POB Retains Control
With most large scale reforms passed, the popularity of the POB is reaching new heights prompting a stronger position for the coming elections.
Disband the Parliamentary System
It has become clear that a Syndicalist Revolution is the only way forward for Wallonia and therefore the POB has pushed for the complete abolition of the parliamentary structure, with it to be replaced with a syndicalist system based on our French neighbour.
Declare the Walloon Commune
The time has come for the workers to rise up and break the chains. The Walloon Commune will be declared ushering in a new era!
Join the Internationale
With ties between Wallonia and Germany completely collapsing, we need the support of our brethren in France to secure the continuation of the revolution.
Revolution By Force
It's clear that the workers need to be shaken out of their oppression and united by a strong leader.
Seize Royal Assets
The Royal Treasure has steadily been filled with the gains of our sweat. It is only right that those assets are returned to the working man at once.
Combat Military Disorder
With large disagreements erupting in the army between the German royalists and democratic supporters, we need a large scale cleanup of these resisting elements to restore order.
Fight the Establishment
The ruling class has been growing rich on the back of our work and will now have to pay for their treason.
Defeat Loyalist Remnants
Funded by Walloon and German capitalists, resisting cells of the former army have dug themselves in across the nation to resist to the last man against the Revolution.
Seize German Companies
The German companies have infested the Sillon Industriel and abused our population to finance the German Empire. No more!
Unite the POB
The POB is still divided due to moderate elements in the party. These will have to be eliminated or 'persuaded' to join our cause.
Hold the First Party Congress
The Revolution is in full sway and to announce their plans for the coming years, the POB leadership has announced the First Party Congress. Experts and important figures from the Commune of France, the Union of Britain and Italy have all been invited.
The Government Has Failed
The pathetic excuse of a government has finally been overthrown and has been replaced by a strong and centralised government surrounding Degrelle.
Control Parliament
The power of the parliament should be severely cut back as its constant meddling with government affairs has proven detrimental to our stability.
Replace Our Ambassador to Germany
To further outline our change in policy, the ambassador to Germany will be recalled and replaced by a close friend of Degrelle.
The Revolution Has Failed
The syndicalist revolution was a disgraceful ruse to trick the population in becoming slaves of the evil POB leadership. They should be happy that we are 'liberating' them from their own ambitions.
Imprison Syndicalist Leadership
We can't have syndicalist preachers rallying the populace of the sillon industriel. Therefore all leading members of the syndicalist resistance are to be tracked down and 'taken care' of.
Introduce Corporatism
It has become clear that traditional capitalism is a failure which should be replaced by a better economic model.
Military Propaganda
A weak army led to our defeat in the Weltkrieg. No more! With rejuvenated enthusiasm and a widespread propaganda campaign, our army will be the pride of the low countries.
Demand our Rightful Land
We won't settle for the humiliation imposed on us by the Germans and Flemish. All of Belgium belongs to Degrelle!
Walloon Expansion
The lands of Wallonia abound with unharnessed potential. Let the land finally be put to work for those who labour on them. We should develop the basis of a new economic plan under which our economy can stand upon its own two feet.
The Sillon Industriel
The Sillon Industriel is the industrial heartland of Wallonia, its output unparalleled. However, the region saw a number of strikes under the Flandro-Walloon administration which disrupted production and destabilised the nation. It is pertinant therefore that we placate the people and industrial centres of the region with even more pronounced state support.
Direction of the Industry
Wallonia was the beating heart of Belgian industry. It cannot be denied that the fate of the forges and factories are intimately linked with that of the entire nation. Our industrial apparatus must be comprehensively assessed in order to facilitate its expansion.
Double Down on Heavy Industry
While our economy has evolved with the times, heavy industry has remained its foundation. We should further industrialise our nation, offering generous incentives for the development of new industrial zones in the nation's middling cities.
Redefine Walloon Expertise
Wallonia has long been one of Europe's foremost industrial regions, and our people possess skills relevant to such an economy. The winds of change blow strongly however, and we must adapt. To begin with, we should offer increased funding to the cutting-edge Solvay Research Institute.
Future Resource Extraction
The natural wealth of Wallonia was critical to its industrialisation. New extraction methods allow both long-exploited resources and those whose economic relevancy is yet emerging to be more effectively extracted. We must keep our ear to the ground and offer support to industries dealing with resource extraction for experimental ventures.
Breakthrough in Engineering
New methods of building construction and optimisation allow industry to be more productive while consuming fewer resources. We should sponsor the redevelopment of older industrial facilities to take advantage oof these modern engineering techniques.
Aviation Industry
Our nation cannot rely even on our closest of allies to supply sufficient aeroplanes in times of war. To have peace of mind at last, we must fund the construction of new state aircraft factories.
Build Our Own Cyclotron
Cyclotrons have been the primary means by which a plethora of new discoveries in the field of particle physics have come about. While expensive, with sufficient government funding, our nation can create a cyclotron of its own.
Expand Seraing Steel Mills
The city of Seraing, while not extremely populace and often overlooked, has become an important centre of industry, particularly steel production. We should offer state support for the city's steel mills and work to turn them into the envy of the world.
Build the Liege-Charleroi Highway
Roadways between the industrial centres of Liege and Charleroi are woefully insufficient. We should build a long-proposed central motorway between them.
Fund the University of Liège
Liège has been a centre of learning since the middle ages, and today the city's primary university is perhaps our nation's most prestigious institution of higher learning. With further funding and integration of the institution into our military research and development system, our nation as a whole can further benefit.
German Investments
Our nation's connection to Germany has not only survived but continues to strengthen. Surely German investment is key to ensuring not only the end of our economic woes, but sustained growth into the distant future.
Increase German Exports
Given our present political situation, German markets are more important to our national economy than ever. we should work with the Germans to decrease mutual barriers to trade and subsidise businesses which primarily export to Germany.
Krupp Wallonia
The Krupp company's expertise in steel production has already a boon. With state support, Krupp can surely lead our steel industry into a golden age of productivity.
Encourage Frontaliers
Many of our people work abroad in the nations of Mitteleuropa and send remittances home. This represents a sizeable portion of our national economy, and while it hurts our industrial centres to some extent by shrinking the labour market, the increased disposable income this reality brings is surely economically beneficial. We should further encourage the practice and negotiate with Germany to reduce restrictions on individual Frontaliers.
Create the Industrial Committee
The nation's many great industrial companies compete vigorously for the slightest economic advantage. Through cooperation, perhaps these titans of industry could become even greater. We should establish an executive advisory board drawing from our largest industrial firms to foment economic policy and handle issues of international trade.
Exploit the Charleroi Glass Industry
Charleroi is one of the foremost producers of glass in the world. While reclaiming the near monopoly the city had during the early industrial revolution is all but impossible, with national support, the city can regain its pre-eminence in glassmaking.
Tumult in the Army
The breakup of Flanders-Wallonia has left our military command and organisation in tatters. A new general staff must be hastily created and the situation dealt with by any means necessary.
Form a Bilingual Staff
While the legacy of German military control holds fast and thus that language cannot be fully abandoned, we can begin to reintroduce French as the primary language of instruction in military academies and promote bilingualism among the existant general staff.
Retain German Staff
We continue to throw our lot in with Germany, and the military competency of the Germans cannot be denied. To ensure that military operations function as smoothly as possible, we should retain our German general-staff with few concessions to French-speaking officers.
Trench Warfare
Untold numbers of men went to their deaths in the trenches of the Weltkrieg. Such a style of warfare, however, favours the defender. As a small nation, we are likely to be on the defensive and perhaps by expanding upon the tactics of the last war, our nation could fight toe to toe with giants.
Panzer Doctrine
British combined arms operations nearly proved the achilles heal of the German Empire in the Weltkrieg. Unlike so many foolish generals who would hide in their trenches, we see the promise of an army built around panzers. Now is the era of armoured warfare.
FRC Artillery Foundry
The Fonderie Royale de Canons, like the renowned FN based out of Herstal, was the primary producer of artillery for Belgium and Flanders-Wallonia. With the need for artillery growing larger still since Walloon independence, the firm's manufactories must be expanded.
Luxembourg Field Hospitals
German military command in Spa has offered to fund a grand joint expansion of field hospital infrastructure in the Ardennes region directed through the main metropolitan hospital in Namur. We should take them up on the offer and get to work implementing the plan.
FN Arms Production
Based in Herstal, the FN state company has produced cutting-edge firearms in massive quantities for decades. The turmoil of the Weltkrieg, however, has left the group with insufficient facilities to meet the demands of the nation and the world. We should fund the construction of an entirely new FN factory.
Light Tank Programme
Light armour is both easy to produce in large quantities and capable of moving with blinding speed. To maximise agility, we should develop new tanks, that while small and lightly armoured, can execute complicated manoeuvres at a breakneck pace.
Invest in Half-Tracks
Half-tracks perform effectively both on roads and rough terrain and allow our infantry to keep pace with and support armoured united. We should subsidise factories which produce such vehicles.
Project Seagull
The noble coq does not fair well at sea; with a coastline now in our possession, we must adapt accordingly. We must learn to fly as the mighty seagulls do so over the majestic waves, developing a navy of our own.
Study With the Kaiserliche Marine
As we have maintained a strong relationship with Germany, we can directly study the administration and doctrine of the greatest naval force on the planet - the Kaiserliche Marine. The lessons we are to learn from such a venture are sure to be great!
Enlist German Officers
With our commitment to Germany reaffirmed, we can draw on the immense manpower and know-how of the German Imperial Navy. With German assistance and German officers in our employ, our burgeoning navy will surely become a force to contend with.
Establish the Merchant Marine
A well-formed national merchant marine organisation is critical to the wartime transport of goods and services. With a coastline now in our possession, we should establish our own.
Boost Maritime Commerce
The sea has always been the primary medium of international trade. Our newly won coastline now provides us with access to new promising locations. We should incentivise maritime traders to seek new markets for our goods to cement our place in the global market.
Expand Our Drydocks
Our naval expansion has placed great strain on the productive capacity of the existing infrastructure we have come to possess. We must build new drydocks and satisfy our national demand at long last.
Commandeer Trade Vessels
While the merchant marine operates many large ships, smaller vessels organised into makeshift conveys could serve a similar role. Due to our present need, we should requisition small trade ships and bring them fully under the governmental purview.
The Flying Rooster
Many falsely think the coq confined to earth. Let us make like a proud rooster and spread our wings, establishing a truly modern air force.
Spreads Its Wings
While some may argue that the air force should primarily work to support our forces on the ground, we know that force that cannot control its own skies is nothing. It is pertinant that we focus on the development of new fighter models to ensure air supremacy.
Dives Down
Control of the air is certainly important, but focusing entirely on such is foolish. Wars are ultimately won and lost on the ground. We must develop planes capable of properly supporting the troops.
Territorial Air Defence
No matter how skilled our pilots or numerous our planes, some enemies may elude them. We must have a network of anti-air emplacements throughout the nation.
Invest in RADAR
RADAR gained widespread usage in the detection of enemy aircraft. To allow our emplacements to detect enemies in the ever-changing landscape of modern war, we must be on the cutting edge of RADAR technology.
Fighter Supremacy
To ensure our dominion over our own skies, we must double down and make yet another effort to develop fighter aircraft.
Bomber Supremacy
Bombers can weaken the enemy's ability to effectively fight. With new and improved bomber aircraft and effective ground support, our men on the ground will be unstoppable.
