Dominican Republic Focus Tree
Totalista
Partido Totalista
Sindicalista
Partido Sindicalista
Socialista
Partido Socialista
Independiente
Partido Independiente
Nuevo Azul
Partido Nuevo Azul
Republicano
Partido Republicano
Rojo
Partido Rojo
Patriótica
Coalicion Patriótica
Junta
Junta
Populista
Partido Populista
Dominicano
Partido Dominicano
Presidential Election
In a controversial move, President Martínez had the constitution modified to allow him to run for a consecutive term. He faces bitter opposition from Estrella and the Republicanos as well as the Dominican military in a race that is sure to shape the future of our nation.
Rojo Victory
The Rojos of President Martínez have won the Presidential election.
Through Work, Dignity
The Partido Rojo has always stood for morality above all; rampant unemployment is surely both a blight on our economy and as detrimental to popular dignity as any other form of moral decay. The unemployed should thus be organised into labour brigades tasked with public works projects. As well, they should be made to attend religious functions to ensure rehabilitation.
Principled Development
Morality must be built into the very fabric of a nation. As we pursue that which makes all countries prosper, industrialisation, we must never lose sight of that truth. We must have monuments to what is upright and proper along with factories and mills and indeed even places of industry must instill that truth in their workforce; our labour brigades would be well suited for this task.
Call Constitutional Convention
While President Martínez has long sought to drastically amend the constitution, he has lacked the political capital to push for all but the most minor changes to the document. With the resounding victory of the Rojos in the 1936 election, however, the constitutional assembly can be properly convened.
The New Republic
The Constitution of 1924 was born from the American Occupation and is insufficient as the foundational document of a true democracy. A new document entirely has been drafted and now must be implemented.
If It Ain't Broke...
The Constitutional Assembly has reaffirmed the 1924 Constitution and our democracy will undoubtedly carry on as before.
Fight Judicial Discrimination
The judiciary has always been slow to take to reforms, and despite renewed political impetus from the Constitutional Convention, lower courts will surely continue to arbitrarily discriminate against vast swaths of the population. We must do all in our power to begin to change this.
The Trial
Our nation has been betrayed and as those responsible prepare to stand before their fellow Dominicans and the nation's courts, all await with outcome with trepidation.
Reform Military Districts
The system of military districts established by the Americans during the occupation naturally encourages a sort of warlordism that allowed Trujillo and other military strongmen to thrive; it must be reformed.
Land Reform
The bountiful lands of our republic are held hostage by corrupt absentee landowners. These lands must be redistributed to both individuals and companies with a clear track-record of responsibility and profitability.
Responsible Bureaucracy
The bureaucracy has become bloated and ineffective. To curb frivolous expense, we must introduce rigid fiscal responsibility rules and hold bureaucrats accountable to the people and elected government.
The Phoenix
The Dominican Republic has been conquered again and again - Spaniard or Haitian or American, it matters not, for our valiant nation shall always rise from the ashes like a phoenix reborn. With political turmoil at an end, it seems we have again arisen.
Root Out Traitors
Those in the military who remain disloyal will prove to be a nuisance if left alone. Every officer with but a hint of suspicion about him but be dismissed and a replacement prepared.
Military Rapprochement
While certainly the treasonous influence of Trujillo and others still stains our armed forces, it would be foolish to not offer some degree of clemency. We must work to reintegrate tainted officers and soldiers alike.
Empower Loyal Officers
The extent of disloyalty in the armed forces has become clear and slowly but surely, soldiers and officers alike have come to serve our country rather than their officers. As well, some officers, especially junior officers, have entirely cleared of traitorous affiliations. They must be retrained for higher offices and promoted to truly ensure the loyalty of the military.
Departamento de Seguridad
The difficulty of controlling the military has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that democracy will never be safe from threats within and without. As such, to preserve our liberty, we must actively protect it. The Department of Security is a proposed executive office dedicated to the gathering of intelligence independent of the armed forces and the suppression of extra-legal opposition.
Las Lechuzas
As our party has ingratiated itself with elements of society considered by some to be immoral, we have become reliant on these connections to keep a finger on the daily activities of our rivals. To ensure that no group may ever threaten our government, these agents should be more formally under our party's control and properly equipped to eliminate dissent.
Republicano Victory
The Republicanos of Rafael Estrella Ureña have emerged victorious.
Old Friends, New Enemies
Trujillo and his supporters will always pose a threat to the stability of our government unless decisively dealt with. While some may lament such dealings outside the purview of the courts as 'injustice', we know that it is necessary.
Friends In Low Places
As our ties with the military have been fully severed, our party requires a new constituency to ingratiate itself to. In the dregs of society, we have such a group. Long forgotten and even condemned by the Rojos and the parties of before the occupation, those who work in fields others consider immoral, should be the focus of our outreach.
The Most Dangerous Game
In dealing with those who know only how to give orders and not to receive them, with those who believe themselves king of their own little sliver of our nation, we must exercise caution. The promises we made in the past to the nation's elite must not be either honoured or fully disregarded.
Respect Our Obligations
We would be foolish to throw away the support of those with the most ability to influence our nation's politics. We must respect promises made to our nation's wealthy, even where such may cause economic harm.
Assert Authority
While the upper classes form a key constituency for our party, we cannot afford to make concessions to them. We must instead move to eliminate their political and economic influence.
As Within, So Without
Backroom dealings and under-the-table handshakes have been the hallmark of our party's rise to power. This strategy is as valid in governing or foreign policy as in securing power, yet the skill set needed to successfully conduct this sort of diplomacy is difficult to learn. Such dealings must be normalised and encouraged.
Great Minds Think Alike
The individual drive to succeed is undoubtedly the most powerful driver of economic prosperity. While our country may be poor, surely with so much conflict and repression in the world, by fully opening our nation to skilled immigrants, we will find many clambering at our shores.
Trim The Fat
The bureaucracy is bloated and much of what our government has taken to administering amounts purely to expense without much benefit. To preserve that which is worthwhile, the bureaucracy must be streamlined.
Sowing The Seeds Of Prosperity
We are undeniably an agricultural and export-oriented nation. We lack the facilities necessary however, to create even basic finished goods. Cannot companies cut their cane or roll their tobacco at least in part domestically? We must subsidise the creation of facilities to do just that.
Retrofit Ports
Our exports, while now processed much more effectively, are stifled by ageing domestic port infrastructure. Let us retrofit and expand these facilities and allow our economy room to grow.
The New Normal
Politics is no longer the quagmire it once was and with political stability has also come a degree of economic prosperity. People have begun to adjust to this state of affairs and their outlook on the future is brighter than ever.
Coup
Insidious forces conspire to overthrow President Martínez. If the military and Estrella manage to reach an agreement, perhaps such a plot will be put into action.
Consolidating Power
Estrella and Martínez alike no longer stand in Trujillo's path to power. Viva Trujillo!
Formalise New Regime
To continue to govern as a provision regime would be not only detrimental to our power, but also reflect poorly on us internationally. We must establish a true civilian government.
Militarised Bureaucracy
The bureaucracy, already notoriously slow to change, is rife with dissidents and enemies of the state, slowly but surely undermining our regime. The entire rotten thing must be split open and sewn back together with a new spirit and staffers.
Engage Elites
To lose all control must be a dreadful feeling indeed. Perhaps though, those who once were the brokers of power could still be of some use; their fate must be decided.
Entrench The Party
Our glorious party is ultimately the only redoubt of unwavering loyalty. To set society on the path to a similar outlook, the influence of the party must be greatly expanded. Though, how to go about that is hotly debated.
Modernisation Campaign
So much of our nation lacks modern utilities like electrical power, and some economically important city centres have not been renovated in decades. Before the economy can truly heal, these problems must be dealt with.
Guided Democracy
Our people expect democracy, and rightfully so. Democracy, however, cannot carry on as it did before our party swept into power. Such weakness would be our downfall. A more complete democracy must have a firm hand upon it.
Maintain the Status-Quo
While Trujillo has pushed to secure more and more power for himself, and indeed his leadership is righteous, constructive pushback from both the military and purely civilian allies has limited his control. While outsiders may slander us with words like 'junta', we know that our course is correct.
Dios en Cielo, Trujillo en Tierra
'God in Heaven, Trujillo on Earth'; there does not exist a more apt expression than that. While already undeniably at the forefront of the government, Trujillo has only grown in power as our regime has cemented itself, sidelining all other major figures within the military in the process. The people and the nation now look to him for guidance as we navigate an uncertain future.
Ex Uno Plura
From one, many. Perhaps a bit-in-cheek, this reversal of the motto of the United States suits our government well. It is only with assured political unity that liberty and democracy can truly thrive.
Call Special Election
Elections, the hallmark of democracy. While our last election was indeed something of a farce, the need then to begin to consolidate our regime more than justifies such a move. Now, at last, we can return democracy to the people, and the question of which of our carefully selected candidates will win has the entire country holding its breath in anticipation.
Control the Legislature
With a taste of power, those who once swore allegiance only to their betters would seek to undermine all that we have built for their own gain. While we must maintain a legislative body to carry out the passage and implementation of legislation for the mundane, and indeed, it also provides legitimacy, the actions of the legislature must be systematically controlled.
Political Vigilance
A government such as ours can only be maintained if the populace reflects the values of such a regime. The people must never forget the virtues of martial prowess and constant political vigilance and will.
Viva El Jefe!
Trujillo, our leader, our chief, shall protect our nation now and forever. Long may he be both the sword and the shield of our people!
The New Economy
Our nation's economy is changing rapidly and traditional sectors and economic thinking cannot assure the depression's end. We must look to the future for the sake of the present.
Encourage Tourism
Leisure travel has boomed with the advent of commercial aviation and the proliferation of purpose-built cruise liners. Our pristine shores are naturally a perfect destination for tourism. We must work closely with companies offering leisure travel to promote such travel to our country.
Construct Luxury Hotels
Though tourism is already booming, that success has been muted thanks mostly to a lack of luxury accommodations even in the most developed localities in our country. We must subsidise the construction of grand beach-front hotels with seemingly endless amenities. The palaces of pleasure will surely attract an even greater crowd.
Resource Exploration
Various American companies invested in resource exploration throughout our land during the occupation. None of these attempts to assess our natural wealth amounted to anything, however. Let us pick up where they left off, surely this bountiful land holds even greater treasure beneath it.
Establish Bauxite Mines
While Bauxite deposits were known to be present on our island, until recently the mines were largely unexploited. As some small mining operations have cropped up following our nation's push to assess its mineral wealth, there presents an opportunity to begin to truly exploit our nation's bauxite.
Encourage Precious Metal Mining
Our land has always produced a small but steady bounty of gold. However, our gold deposits are not truly exploited and mining operations quite limited. Surely, however, if we provided subsidies for gold exploration and exploitation, that could quickly change.
Connect The Plantations
Transporting goods from rural plantations and farms is time consuming and economically harmful, not to mention stifling for those who toil so far from the cities. We should construct roads and light rail between agricultural areas and our existing infrastructural network.
Local Mills
Each plantation has at least some of the tools and manpower necessary to begin small scale production of more industrial goods. Wherever possible, we should encourage and incentivise plantations to pursue the construction of small industrial mills.
Fight Corruption
Bribery and graft, on both a local and national level and in both the public and private sectors, abound. All of our reforms may well come to nothing if such insidious behaviour undermines them. We should actively attempt to root our corrupt businessmen and officials and impose strong legal penalties on them.
Sponsored Research
With a precedent of funding clandestine organisations established and our political situation stabilised, an interesting proposal has been put on our President's desk. That being to discreetly offer substantial research grants to various industrial concerns to conduct priority research.
Economic Norms
A prosperous people must not only be free from the oppressive influence of corruption, but also accustomed to economic practices which benefit all individually and collectively. These positive norms must be encouraged both in the public and private sectors.
Continue Modernisation
After the end of the American Occupation, our nation began an ambitious army modernisation programme. Unfortunately, that effort was cut short by the Great Depression. Let us at last bring our army into the modern age.
Update Command Structure
The Army's structure and role in society has evolved greatly since the end of our occupation, yet it still lacks many hallmarks of a modern military hierarchy and any comprehensive doctrine. If our army is to stand any chance in the field, we must begin to change this.
Renewed Equipment Overhaul
Our army still largely relies on Weltkrieg and American surplus for almost all of its equipment. The time to update has come.
The Conscription Debacle
Our nation is one of only handful in the world without conscription of any kind. This state of affairs has made our people complacent, and while they may at first be hesitant to see conscription implemented, surely like a doctor gives a patient vile medicine, this change is in the best interests of our nation.
Martial Refinement
As a small nation, we must always value military quality over quantity; commandos are the tip of the well-maintained sword that our army must strive to be, let us produce the most proficient commandos possible.
A New Army
The army can at last be expanded. While we still have momentum from our previous reforms, we should focus on training new divisions.
Improved NCO Training
Non-commissioned officers are very different in Europe than in our own country. The European model of professional and tactically proficient NCOs, while certainly difficult to attain is a standard we must nonetheless seek to emulate.
Auxiliary Forces
A great many of our people, while not suited to combat, could still be of use in war; we need not dedicate precious manpower to field hospitals or logistics when such people could easily fill those roles. Let us organise an auxiliary force specifically for such positions.
Domestic Arms Industry
In recent years, Dominican companies have made various forays into domestic arms development and with that, our nation has learned to produce sophisticated machine tools needed for arms production. These facilities should be put to work for the nation.
Flexible Command
Famously, German General Helmuth von Moltke the Elder wrote that 'No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.' This is no different in modern warfare; our command structure should always be capable of remaining intact despite setbacks and our plans always subject to refinement.
Preemptive Strike Capacity
The force which takes the initiative will always have upper hand. As our nation cannot afford to give ground in defence, initiative is even more important. Using modern technology, such as RADAR, our army can always be aware of an enemy's location and stand ready to attack.
Modern Army
The army has taken to our reforms well and operates more effectively and efficiently than ever before. At last, our nation has a truly modern army at its disposal.
Naval Funding
If the American Occupation proved anything, it is that our country is vulnerable by the sea. However, the navy has always played second fiddle to army and made do with minimal funding, even after the occupation's end. No more! The navy must have appropriate funding.
A True Admiralty
While the great naval powers of Europe have well developed admiralties and unique chains of command, our own navy relies mainly on army officers without any experience at the helm of a ship. We must completely reinvent our naval structure.
Naval Infrastructure
Warships require special facilities for their construction and upkeep, yet our own coastal cities have only civilian dockyards. We should build basic military naval facilities and infrastructure to supply them.
Commission Flagship
While we lack the industrial capacity to produce capital ships in significant number, many large ships have been recently decommissioned or are soon to meet that fate. Perhaps we could acquire one of these ageing behemoths and completely retrofit it to serve as the pride of our own small navy.
Anti-Air Retrofitting
Aircraft have come to play an increasingly important role in naval combat, and all we have invested in our navy could be erased with a well-placed torpedo or bomb. Ships old and new must be equipped with sufficient anti-air armaments to guarantee their continued survival.
Improve Sailor Conditions
A happy sailor is a fighty sailor! Our men should not be confined to rusted bunk beds and horrid sanitation. The cabins of regular sailors must afford an agreeable standard of living or else be renovated.
Integrate Merchant Ships
In case of war, merchant ships would become the target of enemy air and naval attacks. All merchant ships flying under our flag must register with our navy and in times of war be directed by the naval administration to ensure both their safety and that of the navy.
Fortify Shoreline
On Hispaniola, we share but a single border, a single avenue for invasion; it is against this threat that most of our forces are dedicated. From the sea, however, our vulnerable gut is exposed to world. Our shores must be reinforced
Maritime Research Institute
We must make a concerted effort to technologically 'catch-up' with the navies of the world. to accomplish this, we should found a central maritime research institute.
Torpedo Boats
From Europe, a new design has emerged. While most torpedo boats are small and operate close to shore, some navies have begun to field large torpedo boats equipped with anti-Submarine weapons. While larger than typical torpedo boats, these ships are still small and are easily produced. We should adopt such a design.
Further Our Doctrine
The navy has grown and to fully exploit its enlarged potential, we must further its doctrine.
New Blood
With greater funding and rapid expansion, the navy has at last endeared itself to the people. A new generation of children idolise the men who brave the seas for their country and interest in joining the navy has skyrocketed. In spite of this, naval recruitment remains tied to that of the army. We must do away with harmful state of affairs give the navy to new blood.
Aviation Overhaul
The air corps is new and novel, and its simple existence was enough to make military leaders rest on their laurels, assured things will progress on their own. In reality, it remains neglected and we have no more capacity to take the fight to the air than before its creation. It would be prudent to begin to work on expanding the air corps.
Market Basing Rights
We lack for understanding of aerial warfare, however an innovative idea has been proposed eliminate that issue. We could offer to whichever nations may wish to, basing rights for unarmed aircraft, and in exchange, nations agreeing to such would need only send a small attaché to help improve our air corps.
Reorganise The Air Corps
The Air Corps was established without proper understanding of how a new is established and lacks any direction to its operations. We must begin to reorganise and 'fine-tune' it.
Improve Readiness
An attack could come from anywhere and at any time. If we are not always prepared to take to the skies to meet an enemy as soon as they appear on the horizon, that war could be lost before it ever truly started. We should emulate the great powers of the world and always keep a number of planes armed, fuelled, and on a rotating standby.
Light Scout Craft
From the air, enemy movements and positions are laid bare. With the support of small reconnaissance aircraft developed from retrofitted civilian planes, our soldiers on the ground will never be taken off guard.
Found Air Academy
The air corps currently must send most of its officer candidates abroad for education and training. While some nations might be content with this state of affairs, and indeed it is not abnormal, if we are ever to truly be in control of our own destiny, we must establish our own military aviation academy.
Domestic Air Designs
While we still lack a domestic aviation industry, we need not rely on purely foreign designs. We should offer contracts to domestic companies to design variants of foreign aircraft for our nation's unique needs.
Unified Command Structure
The actions of one group of air corps officers are often disjointed and directly at odds with the actions of others. This disjointed mess prevents full coordination. Officers who refuse orders from higher-ups must not be given clemency any longer.
Assure Aviation Fuel Supply
The fuel used in aircraft is different from that of other vehicles and substantially more expensive to produce or acquire. As our nation has no domestic oil supply, we should look into both creating synthetic plane fuel and ensuring that our pilots are trained to conserve as much fuel as possible.
Anti-Air Emplacements
As our own air corps have expanded, the extent to which aircraft can affect the battlefield has become all too clear. We must never allow our skies to be stolen by an enemy; we need to invest in new anti-aircraft guns and emplacements.
Seaplanes
Even small ships are able to carry seaplanes to serve as reconnaissance craft which can locate enemy fleets and identify otherwise undetectable submarines. Any ship with the capacity should be retrofitted to carry such reconnaissance planes.
Rule The Skies
The air corps has come far from its humble beginnings. While we may never be one of the preeminent powers of the world, at least, the skies above our nation are ours alone.
Great Depression
The Great Depression, which has so devastated the United States, has been nearly as destructive to the economy of the Dominican Republic, and the incompetence of the nation's past Presidents has served to compound the problem.
$DOM_depression_desc_start$ While the economic situation has at last begun to improve, continued recovery is uncertain.
Great Depression
$DOM_depression_desc_start$ While the economic situation had at last begun to improve, with the onset of Black Monday, the economy of the Dominican Republic has entered into an even deeper recession.
Fighting The Depression
The Great Depression, exacerbated by the Black Monday collapse in Germany, has devastated the Dominican Republic and in response, the Dominican government has embarked on a nationally unprecedented plan to spur economic activity.
Initial Recovery
$DOM_depression_bm_2_desc$ Surely enough, some small signs of recovery can now be seen. It seems the very worst is behind the Republic.
Economic Recovery
$DOM_depression_bm_2_desc$ Luckily, this plan has begun to have a substantial effect on the national economy, which has begun to truly recover at last.
Normalisation
The economic depression is at last coming to an end. Life in the Dominican Republic is returning to normal.
Hostile Elite
The policies of President Martínez and increasingly populist outlook of all major political organisations, as well as the unchecked influence of the military have all contributed to the growth of resentment among the nation's entrenched upper-classes.
$DOM_angryrich_desc_start$ While this anger may not pose an immediate political threat, it is extremely harmful.
Hostile Elite
$DOM_angryrich_desc_start$ Though we have begun to weaken the anger and influence of the most dissatisfied groups and families, the threat they pose has not been fully eliminated.
Rift Mended
While many were concerned that he may double cross them, with their man holding the Presidency and working to appease them, the Dominican Republic's elite families have been restored to their former positions of power.
Controlled Elite
$DOM_angryrich_3_desc$ The state, however, has worked to limit their corruption without compromising their support.
Christian Labour Brigades
Many unemployed have been organised into labour brigades tasked with public works projects and made to attend religious functions to ensure morale rehabilitation.
Reinforced Constitution
The Dominican constitution of 1924 has been retained with only minor modifications to ensure that it is not again undermined by predatory individuals.
Moderate Constitutional Reform
The Dominican constitution of 1924 has been retained albeit it with substantial modifications to ensure that it is not again undermined by predatory individuals.
The New Constitution
The Dominican Republic has adopted a new and highly innovative constitution, replacing the flawed document drafted in 1924.
Land Reform
The Dominican Republic has completely reorganised the nation's system of land organisation and ensured that control of much of the nation's most productive plantations be stripped from the nation's prominent plutocratic families.
Mass Dismissal
Most of the Dominican army's senior leadership has been dismissed, with many facing criminal punishment.
Loyal Army
Dissent in the Dominican Army has been thoroughly eliminated and a new core of competent officers have replaced the corrupt petty-warlords of old.
Unwavering Army Loyalty
$DOM_army_loyal_idea_desc$
Departamento de Seguridad
The Dominican Department of Security, officially a part of the nation's foreign service bureau, has been established as the nation's first counter-intelligence agency.
Stable Democracy
Dominican Democracy has survived challenges from would-be tyrants and emerged stronger yet.
Las Lechuzas
Just as the owl is a symbol of our nation, the unique secret police organisation known colloquially as 'Las Lechuzas' a feminine term for a type of owl has become a symbol of our present regime. The Lechuza moniker came about as a reference to the deputised 'working-women' that the organisation employs.
Skilled Immigration Enticement
The Dominican Republic has established a new bureaucratic office dedicated to enticing qualified foreign professionals to take up positions within its borders.
Burgeoning Arms Industry
The Dominican Republic has invested in the cultivation of a state armaments industry.
Naval Anti-Air Retrofitting
The Dominican Republic pays special care to the anti-air capabilities of its small fleet. Dominican ships possess a disproportionate number of anti-air equipment and nation's crews receive extensive training in air defence.
Integral Seaplanes
The Dominican Republic has promoted the use of seaplane scout aircraft, both on ships and from bases on land in order to identity enemy submarines and fleets beyond what is possible for ships alone...
The Skies Above
The Dominican Republic has focused on the ability of its fleet to defend itself from air attacks and scout enemy ships and direct fire using seaplanes.
Robust Auxiliaries
The Dominican Republic has established a modern army auxiliary force, freeing up substantial numbers of soldiers for front line duty and improving treatment of the wounded.
Mining Boom
The Dominican Republic has begun to more thoroughly access the mineral wealth of its lands.
Gold Rush
A boom in gold exploration and production has occurred in the Dominican Republic.
Encouraging Tourism
The Dominican government has made substantial investments in the tourism sector.
Leisure Economy
Leisure and tourism has grown rapidly in the Dominican Republic, quickly becoming a prominent economic sector.
The New Army
The Dominican Republic is rapidly expanding the size of standing army.
Flexible Command
The Dominican army command structure has been reformed to increase its capacity to adapt to adverse conditions while remaining intact.
Aggressive Preparation
The best defence is a good offence. The Dominican Republic understands this motto well. Using new RADAR technology, the nation constantly assesses how to best conduct pre-emptive strikes against potential enemies.
Resurgent Economy
The Dominican economy is back in full and experiencing an unprecedented level of growth.
Seeds Of Prosperity
The Dominican Republic provides state support for the creation of facilities that make rudimentary finished goods from the nation's agricultural products.
Maritime Institute
The Dominican Republic has established a central naval research institute.
Integrated Merchant Marine
All merchant ships flying under the Dominican flag must register with its navy and in times of war be directly managed by the naval administration.
Support Ship Focus
The Dominican Republic, lacking the ability to produce sufficient numbers of large ships, focuses on the production of larger-than-usual fast torpedo boats.
Direction For Bases
The Dominican Republic is leasing limited basing rights in exchange for assistance in developing aircraft.
Perpetual Combat Readiness
The Dominican Air Force, through substantial investment and planning, now operates on an extremely high level of combat readiness at all times, improving its ability to respond to emerging threats.
Light Scout Craft
The Dominican Republic makes ample use of small civilian aircraft in a reconnaissance role.
Aviation Academy
The Dominican Republic has established a national air academy with employing highly qualified instructors both foreign and domestic.
Aviation Reform
The Dominican Republic has completed a series of reforms to its small air force.
Departamento de Seguridad
While the old Rojo government briefly discussed establishing a new security service under the authority of the department of state, the plan has only now been completed at the urging of moderates within the Dominican Patriotic Party.
Servicio de Seguridad Militar
The military intelligence service, officially part of the army, is the new Dominican state intelligence agency. It combats all those both at home and abroad who would undermine the army's grip on the Dominican state.
The New 42
The '42', Trujillo's gang of enforcers within the military and in those areas which fell most under his sway, has been reorganised into a formal organ of the state, serving as both a secret police force and counter-intelligence agency.
Popular Political Discipline
The Dominican people are subjected to a great deal of political propaganda to inspire loyalty to the nation and the ruling party.
Partisan Officers
The ruling Dominican Patriot Party has been entrenched in the nation's military, with all officers required to hold membership and constantly prove their loyalty to the party.
The Party Above All
The ruling Dominican Patriotic Party is working vigilantly to integrate its internal structures with those of the nominal civilian government and inspire loyalty through propaganda amongst the people.
Ex Uno Plura
From one, many. The Dominican dictatorship has been partially reformed and a modicum of democracy and rule of law has returned.
Political Vigilance
The values of the martial regime of the Dominican Republic are slowly but surely being disseminated to the nation's people.
Viva El Jefe
Rafael Trujillo has emerged from the forefront of the Dominican military to totally undisputed authority over the entire nation.
New Normal
Political realities in the Dominican Republic have shifted. The nation has opened its doors to private enterprise, especially the agricultural sector, like never before.
Constructing Capital Ship
The Dominican Republic is shifting its entire economic apparatus for the production of a massive new capital ship.
Constructing Cruisers
The Dominican Republic is shifting much of its economic apparatus for the production of a new fleet of modern cruisers.
Naval Construction Programme
The Dominican Republic is funding construction of small military ships.
Clandestine Invasion Planning
Costa Rica is secretly planning to invade a country which has drawn its ire.
Latent Antihaitianismo
Occupation of Haiti: $VALUE|=-%0$
The Rojos Won the Election
The Republicanos Won the Election
Trujillo's Coups Succeeds
Estrella Defeated Trujillo
Trujillo Defeated Estrella
Estrella's Term Has Ended
Estrella Honoured His Promises to the Elites
Estrella Did not Honour His Promises to the Elites
Haiti Has Declined the Summit
Haiti Has Issued Economic Sanctions
This focus will unlock once our political direction is finalised
This focus will unlock once our political direction is finalised and Black Monday has happened
This focus will unlock following the end of the Constitutional Convention
§GThe consensus of the convention is implemented!§!
§GThe bonus from the \
§GThis event will help end the Depression!§!\n
§GThese focuses will unlock once all prior events have been completed.§!\n
A small force of volunteers arrives in our capital!
The American Occupation of the Dominican Republic ended in 1924 and full political control was returned soon after, but within a mere few years, the nation's new democratic constitution would face challenges both within and without. While Democracy has so far survived in the nation, the schism of the long-ruling Red Party has again put the constitution's survival in jeopardy.
GFX_DOM_intro
A Troubling Time
From 1916 to 1924, the Dominican Republic was occupied by the United States. While the occupation was less severe than in neighbouring Haiti, the country was nonetheless transformed. The old political establishment was turned on its head and the centre-left completely destroyed; much power was granted by the occupiers to power-hungry military leaders, especially the ambitious Rafael Trujillo.\n\nA new democratic constitution was drafted in 1924 and the nation regained its independence soon after, with full financial control being returned by the Americans a few years later. Initially, the new nation prospered and its institutions were rebuilt; however, this would not last for long. President Horacio Vásquez attempted to change the constitution for his own gain, and while he was narrowly forced out by Vice President Federico Velázquez, the nation's democracy was forever weakened. After several lacklustre presidencies from the ranks of the Red party, the conservative populist Virgilio Martínez Reyna defeated the pro-business Rafael Estrella Ureña in a campaign which would shatter the Red party and further hindered the recovery of national stability. While President Martínez is popular with the lower classes, his steady centralisation of power and willingness to change the constitution, eerily similar to the actions of Vásquez himself, have alienated the wealthy. With the next election rapidly approaching, perhaps desperation could precipitate upheaval.
§MRojos§! ($social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have Estrella storm out of the clandestine meeting with Trujillo.\n£white_dot Have Martínez secure another term in the presidential elections.\n\n§MRepublicanos§! ($market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot follow the same steps as above, but have Estrella win the elections.\n\n§MDominicanos - Trujillo§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have a deal reached in the clandestine meeting and have the coup succeed by occupied the capital.\n£white_dot Have Estrella give in and stay loyal.
Dominican Republic
Dominican
the Dominican Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Dominican Socialist Republic
the Dominican Socialist Republic
Ramón Marrero Aristy
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1912, in San Rafael del Yuma, La Altagracia, Dominican Republic§!
Pedro Henríquez Ureña
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1884, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile slandered by political opponents for his marriage to the sister of Mexican Syndicalist Vicente Lombardo Toledano, Pedro Henríquez Ureña, son of former president Francisco Henríquez Carvajal, returned to the Dominican Republic after years abroad to a great degree of fanfare. Despite comparisons to his radical brother-in-law, however, Henríquez is by no means a syndicalist; the principled writer is however more than willing to work with any across the political spectrum who subscribe to the view that the Dominican Republic, and indeed all of Latin America, should be entirely free of imperialist influence, and able to fully choose their own destiny.§!
Juan Jimenes Grullón
§YBorn:§! §LJune 17th, 1903, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSon of former president Juan Jimenes Pereyra, despite the decline of progressivism in the Dominican Republic during the American occupation, Jimenes is a true believer of the ideals of his father's Jimenistas. The younger Jimenes entered politics soon after returning to the Dominican Republic in 1929 from Germany, and soon established a small but devoted following.§!
Rafael Estrella Ureña
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1889, in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LRafael Estrella Ureña, while ideologically a social and economic reformist, gained a great deal of infamy even before the American occupation for his seemingly endless ambition and lust for political power. Since the end of the occupation, Estrella's name has only become further tainted by his willingness to work closely with both the military and members of the nation's economic elite.§!
Virgilio Martínez Reyna
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 7th, 1885, in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LVirgilio Martínez Reyna was essential to the 1924 election of Horacio Vásquez Lajara as the Dominican Republic's first president since the American Occupation. In his own presidential tenure, he has been equally central to the nation's incessant political turmoil. While popular and far less corrupt than his predecessors, Martínez's failure to quell discontent amongst the nation's economic elite and even begin to address the political power of the Army precipitated the nation's political direction thereafter.\nIdeologically, Martínez draws heavily on a uniquely populous Catholic corporatism, and while indeed not entirely authoritarian, is more than willing to undermine the foundations of Dominican democracy if need be.§!
Manuel Troncoso Concha
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1878, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel Troncoso Concha, once a small-time corporate lawyer, came to public prominence through connections to General Rafael Trujillo. Often accused of being little more than a puppet for Trujillo, Troncoso's fate, despite his denial of such accusations, has become inexorably linked to that of the general.§!
Carlos Manuel Bonetti Burgos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 17th, 1900, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn aspiring lawyer, skilled baseball player, and the sport's most prolific patron in the Dominican Republic, despite his young age, Carlos Manuel 'Pilindo' Bonetti threw his lot in with Trujillo early, proclaiming his support for the general before fawning crowds on multiple occasions. Now, after winning a presidential election that made few illusions to being fair or free, Bonetti does the general's bidding as little more than a puppet, doing his best to create the illusion of democracy in the Dominican Republic.§!
Rafael Trujillo Molina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1891, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA young Rafael Trujillo so impressed the occupying American Marine Corps. that he was hastily promoted to in the occupation Dominican Army. Trujillo used his position to amass warlord-like control over much of the country. So great was his power and ambition that the various administrations which followed the nation's independence in 1924 each based much of its decision making on preventing him from making a grab for power. Now in full control of the country as he has so long desired, Trujillo works closely with organised crime to line his pockets and strengthen quell descent. He also seeks to bring the tumultuous western border fully under control and eliminate the threat posed by Haitians there once and for all.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 24th, 1891, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Ramón Vásquez Rivera
§YBorn:§! §Lin Puerto Rico§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn early ally of Trujillo, General Ramón Vásquez Rivera is perhaps the most politically ambitious of The Chief's closest confidants. General Rivera was quick to seize the opportunity for political ascendance and now rules in the image of Trujillo.§!
§YBorn:§! §Lin Puerto Rico§!
Hector Porfirio Quezada
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Mauricio Baez Santos
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1910, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Antonio de la Maza
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1912, in Moca, Dominican Republic§!
Tomas Baez Diaz
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1909, in Baní, Dominican Republic§!
Fabio Fiallo Cabral
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1866, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!
Andrea Rodriguez Perozo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 10th, 1879, in San Rafael del Yuma, Dominican Republic§!
Tulio Cestero Leiva
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1877, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Federico Henriquez Carvajal
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1848, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic§!
Emilio de los Santos
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 12th, 1903, in San Juan de la Maguana, Dominican Republic§!
Arturo Despradel
§YBorn:§! §LJune 20th, 1900, in Puerto Plata, Dominican Republic§!
Mario Cabral Baez
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Baní, Dominican Republic§!
Jacinto Bienvenido Peynado
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1878, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Jesus da Costa Ruiz
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Anibal Trujillo Molina
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1900, in San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic§!
Honoracio Yuna Robles
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
Anibal Vallejo Sosa
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic§!
Domingo de los Santos Ortiz
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Dominican Republic§!
CODOTEL
Armeria San Cristóbal
Join the Entente
Join the Reichspakt
