United Kingdom Focus Tree
Britain
British
Britain
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
United Kingdom
the United Kingdom
Britain
British
Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
Great Britain
PRP
Popular Revolution Party
RWL
Revolutionary Workers League
IWP
Independent Workers' Party
Labour Party
Labour Party
Liberal Party
Liberal Party
Liberal Party
Liberal Party
Conservative Party
Conservative Party
National Government
National Government
Conservative Party
Conservative Party
Occupation Administration
British Occupation Administration
BRA
British Reconstruction Authority
Military Government
Military Government
United Empire League
United Empire League
The §Y$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$§! effect of §Y$GBR_syndicalist_resistance$§! is $RIGHT|R%0$ or more
The §Y$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$§! effect of §Y$GBR_syndicalist_resistance$§! is $RIGHT|R%0$ or less
the British agreed to give up on Northern Ireland
§RWe will leave the Entente in disgust§!
§RWe will leave our faction in disgust§!
§Y[GBR.GetNameDefCap]§! may ask for the transfer of Caribbean puppets under Entente control\n
Gains decisions to regain its old colonies not held by Germany\n
Gains decisions to regain its old colonies\n
The entirety of the island of Great Britain is owned by §Y[Root.GetNameDef]§!
Famous Admirals
§Y$GBR_george_frederick_windsor$§! is the British monarch
§Y$GBR_edward_windsor$§! is the British monarch
§Y$GBR_albert_windsor$§! is the British monarch
§Y$GBR_henry_windsor$§! is the British monarch
§Y$GBR_george_windsor$§! is the British monarch
Imperial Preference
Imperial Chemical Industries
English Electric
Marconi Wireless
Birmingham Small Arms Company
Sterling's Hammers
Royal Small Arms Factory Enfield
Webley & Scott
Royal Arsenal
Austin Motor Company
Morris Motors
Associated Equipment Company
Rolls Royce
Vauxhall
Blackburn Aircraft
Boulton Paul Aircraft
Handley Page Aircraft
Hawker
Shorts
Supermarine
Westland
Swan Hunter
John Brown & Company
Cammell Laird
Royal Atlantic Aeronautics
Post-War Devastation
After so many battles fought on British soil, the economy has been devastated. Worse than the actual destruction is the tatters of a syndicalist economic system which has been hastily discarded, and yet with nothing to replace it. Britons will go through a period of hardship and readjustment, and it will not be easy.
Legacy of the Revolution
There is more than the economy to rebuild in Britain - there is the very fabric of society. The young have never known anything other than syndicalism, and many of the older generation supported the revolution - or look on the returning Exiles as cowards who fled instead of staying and fighting. Trust must be restored, and it will take time and effort.
Syndicalist Resistance
Most of the syndicalists in Britain are tired of fighting... but give them enough cause to be angry, to believe that the return of the king means that everything - including the injustices - will be just as it was? And we may very well be facing a return to the violence which heralded the 1925 uprising.
Army in Chaos
The British army is very much in a transition period - any remnants of the organisation the syndicalists ran under needs to be swept away, and an eye cast upon anyone who was part of it. Can we trust their soldiers? Can we trust anyone they reported to? Everything must be rebuilt from scratch.
Army in Chaos
The British army is very much in a transition period - any remnants of the organisation the syndicalists ran under needs to be swept away, and an eye cast upon anyone who was part of it. Can we trust their soldiers? Can we trust anyone they reported to? Everything must be rebuilt from scratch.
Pure Recruits
We have been very careful to ensure no syndicalist sympathisers made their way into the new British army.
Letson's Army
The beginnings of what HFG Letson began in Canada are now seen played out in the British Army: an organisation focused on mobility and mechanisation.
Vanier's Army
The beginnings of what Georges Vanier began in Canada are now seen played out in the British Army: an organisation focused on superior training and quality.
Under Suppression
MI6
MI6
Royal Marines
Fleet Rebuilding Programme
British Shipbuilding Deal
Hawker Deal
Focus on the RAF
Focus on the Royal Navy
Focus on the British Army
Foreign Investment Plan
Regulated Growth Plan
Royal Charters Plan
The New BBC
The Royal Society
British Motor Industry
National Arms Deal
Five Eyes Programme
Five Eyes Programme
Imperial Preference
Victoria Britannia
The British have built a statue that commemorates the victory of Canada in returning the monarchy to Great Britain, hailing us as the saviour of tradition and democracy!
Support the British
[GBR.GetNameDefCap] is dealing with enormous amounts of devastation left by the war. We should send them as much aid as we can afford!
Rebuilding the Empire
Rebuilding the British economy and government is our most immediate priority - but rebuilding the British Empire must follow. There are places throughout the world where Britons live, or which have looked to the Empire as their guiding force, and unless we are prepared to let the sun set on that glorious empire forever we must strive to bring them all back into the fold.
Demand British Lands
[From.GetNameDefCap] currently possesses land in Great Britain, land which currently belongs to us. They should return it at once.
Demand [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] is properly a part of the United Kingdom, and should not be outside our control at all. We must seek to return it to the fold at once.
Restore Order in Northern Ireland
The Loyalists in Northern Ireland are pleased to be back under British control - but they are not everyone in Northern Ireland, and some effort will need to be spent in order to restore order to the region and make the area properly part of the United Kingdom.
Restore Order in the Falklands
Restore Order in Gibraltar
Restore Order in Malta
Demand Northern Ireland
Now that the United Kingdom has been restored, we must turn to the question of Northern Ireland. After the Anglo-Irish treaty Northern Ireland chose to remain a part of the Union, and only joined the republic under syndicalist duress, but now many long to return back to the Crown once again. For the sake of the northern Protestants, we must go to the Irish and settle the matter - or forego our claim to the United Kingdom title once and for all.
Demand Gibraltar
Gibraltar is not only ours by right of the 1713 Treaty of Utrecht, it is also home to thousands of British nationals and occupies a vital spot at the entrance to the Mediterranean. We must demand its return.
Demand the Falkland Islands
The Falkland Islands are not an important colony, off in the southern Atlantic, but its several thousand inhabitants are British nationals who want to be returned to British rule. We must honour their wishes and demand the islands' return.
Invade Ireland
The Irish government has left us no choice. We must invade and deal with the Irish situation once the island is completely under our control.
Decide the Fate of [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] was a nation born out of convenience, meant to deal with the array of British and French colonies in the Caribbean while their colonial overlords were engulfed in chaos. It was never meant to be a permanent arrangement, and now we must decide their ultimate fate.
Ask for Malta's Return
The Maltese were never really under French jurisdiction, and truly do want to return to British control. Now that we are back on our feet, we should ask for it at once.
Ask for Control Over [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] is rightfully a [Root.GetAdjective] colony, so we must approach their overlords and request it be transferred to us now that we are back on our feet.
Ask for Control Over [From.GetNameDef]
[From.GetNameDefCap] is rightfully a [Root.GetAdjective] colony, so we must approach their overlords and request it be transferred to us now that we are back on our feet.
Ask for Return of Colonies
[From.GetNameDefCap] currently controls land that was once a British colony. Since they are our allies, they should see no issue in returning it to us now that we are back on our feet.
Retake [From.GetNameDef]
The time has come to retake our [From.GetAdjective] colony, once and for all.
Demand Return of Colonies
There are a number of former British colonies under [From.GetNameDef]'s control - the time has come to demand their return.
British Reconstruction
Years of war has ravaged Great Britain. More than that, the islands have been syndicalist rule for more than a decade. For the second time in the life of most British citizens, their entire world is being turned upside down. Trials will be held, the country torn down and rebuilt from scratch, and the old made new once more.
Fight the Syndicalist Resistance
We will not allow the syndicalist militias to drag us down. They lost the war for Britain once, and they will lose it again!
Pass the Land Settlement Act
Lots of veterans will now be returning home to Britain, and with so much land now without holders it makes sense to grant that land to the soldiers as a form of thanks from the government - not to mention that it ensures the land doesn't remain fallow for want of someone to work it.
Implement Abercrombie Plan
Also known as the 'Greater London Plan', the damage done to the country's capital has left many thousands in the city homeless. Major work will have to be done to rebuild it, but at the same time we have an opportunity to revamp the city's transportation and zoning network, to make up for so many centuries of haphazard growth and planning.
Create the Relief Agencies Council
There are a number of relief agencies such as CARE and the Red Cross who are eager to come into Britain. Their help is sorely needed, but some kind of agency to coordinate them is desperately required... not to mention that we wish to avoid the possibility that syndicalists or even the Germans use such relief efforts as a means to spread propaganda and influence.
Expand the Power System
The United Kingdom's power grid has been left in sorry shape since the end of the war, and it was very outdated and coal-dependent to begin with. Citizens have needed to endure rolling brown-outs for long periods. We need to repair and upgrade the system as quickly as possible.
Reduce Working Class Taxation
Bringing in the old measures of taxation is not going to go over well with the working class - who are already stressed as it is, what with the upending of the country's entire economic system. Some measure of tax relief is necessary, though it will not come without considerable argument in the House of Commons, namely regarding who gets what and for how long.
Implement the New Towns Act
Our urban areas are currently a mess, needing massive amounts of repair and restoration. The slums in particular are becoming nearly uncontrollable. An act to establish new townships in the outlying areas, passing their development onto independent corporations, should help in decentralising our population - at least until the cities can once again start growing.
Fund National Housing Project
A sizeable portion of the British population is homeless, thanks to the war. The NHP will strive to provide temporary shelter to those who need it, and start funding the construction of affordable permanent housing for those who can't enact repairs on their own.
Enact Farming Subsidies
Trade restrictions have meant most British citizens have been on war time rationing for many years, so the expansion of our imports should come as some relief. We do, however, need to subsidise the farms so they can assist in rebuilding our supplies. The rationing measures will also need subsidisation until private markets can begin to manage on their own.
Enact Business Subsidies
Between the corporations which are already in Britain and which will no longer be under union management and the corporations that are returning to the country from abroad, both will have their hands full attempting to reorganise themselves to the new way of doing things. If we don't establish some kind of subsidy programme to tide them over, we can expect a great deal of bankruptcies and trouble ahead.
Pass the Veteran Employment Act
We have thousands and thousands of soldiers, not to mention returning Exiles, who will need to be put to work - there is certainly lots for them to do, but a guiding agency would help ease the process, and also prevent the Exiles from being unfairly shut out of places that might view them with hostility.
The Beveridge Report
Noted Liberal economist, William Beveridge, has cited the need to gather data on the current state of British society - and possible ways that the government can help. It will take time to gather the data, and even the act of putting together the report will appease those who want to see the government doing something. We should give Beveridge the green light to go ahead with his project.
The Pigou Report
Not everyone is enthused by the idea of hearing a report by William Beveridge, as his suggestions for the government will undoubtedly be seen through a lens of socialism. Instead, a suggestion has been made to sponsor a report by famed economist, Arthur Cecil Pigou, one aimed at restructuring the economy rather than focusing solely on society.
De-Syndicalise the Economy
It did not take long for the syndicalists to get their claws into every aspect of the British economy - tearing out all their worker-centred laws and restrictions will help, but we must also establish new rules lest the entire thing collapse under its own weight. The British economy must learn how to operate once again under the principle of the free market, and that will take time.
Pass the National Insurance Act
The Beveridge Report has made a number of recommendations to the government, one of which is the establishment of a national social security programme. We won't ever have the kind of welfare state the syndicalists prided themselves upon, but a greater security net for the public is apparently a necessity - as well as incredibly popular.
Pass the Central Credit Act
One provision recommended by the Pigou Report has been to establish a system of interest-free credit offered by the central banks, and overseen by the government. These loans would allow private citizens to act as entrepreneurs, becoming a new class of business owner as we transfer control away from the labour unions. The idea is to avoid rampant inflation, but to apply a jolt of private enterprise to an economy which hasn't needed that for decades.
The National Health Service
Another recommendation of the Beveridge Report is that a system of free universal health care be established in Britain, under the guidance of the NHS. It will do a great deal to improve conditions in the country, as well as assuage those who still claim that life was better under syndicalist rule.
Pass the Privatisation Act
With the desyndicalisation process having been completed, now the government needs to undertake the process of reverting ownership of major companies from the unions back to private hands. Thanks to the Pigou Report, we have a system in place to make sure the process is fair, and a field of new entrepreneurs ready and funded by credit to take their place.
[GBR_GetReduceLegacyRevolutionFlavourName]
[GBR_GetReduceLegacyRevolutionFlavourDesc]
Pass the Rent Control Act
So long as there is a serious shortage of houses, rent control must exist. The establishment of Tribunals throughout the country to fix fair rents as between landlord and tenant (as recommended by the Ridley Committee) seems to provide the best solution of a long-standing problem.
Reconcile the Left
One major goal of the Labour Party is to make an appeal to all progressives in the country - we will pass several social reforms to earn their trust, so that they may be counted on to fight with Labour against any reactionary policies proposed by conservatives. Those who believe in socialist policies are not incompatible with Britain's new administration, and we must act as a protector to ensure they thrive just as any other citizen.
Parliamentary Reform
Our present system of voting produces Parliaments which are not representative of the people's will. A party with a minority of votes can secure a majority in the House of Commons. We must therefore reform the voting system so that voters can offer a list of preferential candidates, as well as ensure that elections do not favour the wealthy by putting the extra cost of campaigning upon the State.
Enact Female Equality in Britain
The family is the basis of our national life. Liberals were the first to demand family allowances and are determined to secure adequate provision for motherhood and child welfare. The Liberal Party demands for women equality of opportunity and status; it stands for equal pay for equal work, and for equal opportunity of entry into the public services.
The Reconstruction Authority
The economy has been turned inside out. Many are homeless. The entire country has been devastated by the war, and now we are in need of quick decisions to rebuild it all. The British Reconstruction Authority will be empowered to do just that.
Fate of the Unions
While syndicalism is gone, the United Kingdom is still left with a multitude of unions who have no idea where they stand. Are they dissolved? Is there to be no worker representation at all? The decision remains to be made.
Start the Trials
The fate of the unions is very separate from the union leadership - in particular, those people who ran the Union of Britain, and who made the decision to pit British soldiers against British soldiers. They must be put on trial, and their fate made an example of all those who would follow them.
The Question of Labour
One remaining question is regarding the fate of the Labour Party. Should it be allowed to campaign and field candidates for Parliament, or was the fact that it worked with the syndicalist authority enough of a betrayal that they can never be forgiven?
The Returning Aristocracy
Many of the wealthier Exiles have returned to Britain - only to discover that their lands had been stripped, their businesses nationalised, and their homes now occupied by someone else. They want these things returned to them... but returning it to them now means stripping it from someone else.
Reorganise the Bureaucracy
The British government apparatus was stripped down and rebuilt, in order to work for a government that was entirely centred on trade unions and a powerful welfare state. Now we must do it again, and ensure a bureaucracy exists which will not be fighting us every step of the way.
Return to Free Government
The last act of the BRA must be to return the United Kingdom to civilian rule - to hold the first truly free elections in more than a decade, and keep them incident-free.
Guided Parliament
The BRA may come to realise that the United Kingdom is in too difficult a state, that the violence committed by the syndicalist supporters who yet remain is too extreme to return to civilian rule. Doing so would be condemning the country to a repeat of the last revolt.
Reconstruction Completed
While the BRA has been instrumental in bringing Britain back from the brink and restoring its pre-syndicalist legacy, its time is now at an end. The British people can finally hold their heads high and look to a better future, without the malign influence of leftist ideology.
Restore the Exchequer
Rebuilding the office of His Majesty's Exchequer will allow us to get the country's economy back on track.
Rely on Foreign Investment
There simply isn't enough money in the hands of the British government or the British people to rebuild the economy - our best bet is to look to foreign investment, while still exerting enough control over the process to prevent the country from falling under foreign control.
The New BBC
The British Broadcasting Corporation has been turned into a wreck by the syndicalist administration. It's time to restore it to greatness and cut it free from the leash it's been on for the last two decades.
Fund the Royal Society
The Royal Society is a group of the finest British minds we have available. Giving them funding and turning them towards the problems we face, and the reconstruction of British society, will be an ideal use of their knowledge and skills.
The Imperial Chemical Deal
To put it bluntly, the United Kingdom needs fuel - the lack is partly what brought down the syndicalists, and we will need to employ our contacts in the private sector to set up our future as a fuel producer rather than solely an importer.
Regulate Industrial Growth
If we're not careful, there are too many 'entrepreneurs' who will use the current state of the British economy as a way to gain power or exploit the British people. We must be wary and regulate the regrowth of industry carefully, while making efforts not to overly restrict it and thus slow it down.
The Marconi Deal
Marconi electronics is one of the largest companies still active in the United Kingdom. They are relieved to have been released from their syndicalist shackles, and so are willing to return the favour by giving the government a favourable deal in re-starting the country's manufacturing sector.
Fund Civilian Industry
A great deal of the United Kingdom's civilian industry has been damaged or outright destroyed by the war - we must concentrate on rebuilding it.
Continue Funding Civilian Industry
A great deal of the United Kingdom's civilian industry has been damaged or outright destroyed by the war - we must concentrate on rebuilding it.
Royal Charter Companies
The British Exiles return to the country with their cash reserves intact. It's time to put that money to good use, and start a series of high-profile corporations - which, while still technically part of the private sector, would be regulated heavily by the government as Royal Charters. This should boost the economy considerably.
National Arms Deal
Our military is going to have to grow a great deal - not to mention the fact we'll need to supply police forces across the country. This means we'll need to sign a contract with at least one major national arms dealer.
Fund Military Industry
A great deal of the United Kingdom's armament industry has been damaged or outright destroyed by the war - we must concentrate on rebuilding it.
Continue Funding Military Industry
A great deal of the United Kingdom's armament industry has been damaged or outright destroyed by the war - we must concentrate on rebuilding it.
Restore the Ministry of Defence
The Chiefs of Staff Committee is insufficient in creating the coordination between all three services we'll need if we're to rebuild the defence of Britain. A Ministry of Defence that presides over them both is just what we'll require.
Reform the British Army
The British Army has been under syndicalist management for twenty years, inundating our soldiers with propaganda and useless tactics. We will have to rebuild the entire organisation from scratch.
The Question of Syndicalist Soldiers
A large number of soldiers who fought for the syndicalists are now back and looking to re-enlist in the new army. The question is: do we let them?
A New Call to Arms
With the British Army rebuilt, the time has come to send out the call for recruitment once more! Let the men and women of a free United Kingdom take their place at the forefront of its defence, so that we may never know the grip of tyranny ever again.
Retraining Efforts
There is a great deal of chaos and confusion in the ranks - we will need to sort that out immediately, and bring the entire British Army up to the practices that we were familiar with among the Canadians.
Restore MI6
MI6 has always been His Majesty's foreign intelligence service. Many of its directors went into exile along with the king, and now the time has come to rebuild it and start the process of putting the British back at the forefront of international intelligence.
The New Royal Marines
Thankfully, most of our experienced Marines came with us into exile, and were essential in recapturing the Home Isles. Those marines who proved their valour on the shores of Britain will be instrumental in rebuilding the new organisation back home.
Reform the Royal Navy
The British Royal Navy was one of the grandest, most prestigious fleets in the entire world - and now we must rebuild it from scratch. It will be a Herculean task, but one that we cannot walk away from.
The Fleets-in-Exile
Upon the fall of the United Kingdom in 1926, the Pacific and Atlantic fleets went to Australasia and Canada respectively. While those ships are either gone or have been rebuilt so much they truly belong to their new countries, Australasia and Canada are willing to help us refurbish some older ships for our use now.
Rebuild the Glorious Fleet
Putting together a new British Navy will be an enormous task - we must prepare the dockyards to work overtime, as this may be the largest construction effort of all time!
Fund New Dockyards
If we are to get anywhere close to the fleet of old, we will need to erect brand new dockyards throughout the nation.
National Shipbuilding Deal
We cannot construct our new ships alone - we will require the assistance of the empire's dominions in order to restore the great British navy.
Reform the Royal Air Force
The RAF has one of the proudest traditions, and at one point consisted of the largest air force there was. Now the time has come to rebuild it, ideally better than ever before!
Take to the Air
There are a large number of older planes, including some that were built by the syndicalist government which are still salvageable with some services and updating.
The Hawker Deal
Hawker is one of the best airplane design companies that exist, and one that is more than willing to help us redesign and build a brand new fleet of airplanes for the RAF.
Jet Propulsion Technology
The next generation of airplanes will use jet propulsion - if we need to rebuild our air force anyhow, we should endeavour to make it the most modern one the world has ever seen!
Defending our Skies
Airplanes are now at the forefront of modern warfare, and the Home Isles are easily within the range of bombers - we need to build defences throughout the country to keep our skies safe.
The Thomson Committee
Nuclear power is the next step in our country's defence, and with the threat of nuclear weaponry we can ensure we are never invaded again.
Priority: Army
Of the three divisions of our military, the army is the one which requires our greatest attention. All the guns and the boats in the world mean nothing if we do not have the quality manpower to defend the nation. Our manpower is limited - we need to make it count!
Priority: Navy
Of the three divisions of our military, the navy is the one which requires our greatest attention. If we control the seas, then we control trade, and we can prevent invasions from being launched against our shores.
Priority: Air Force
Of the three divisions of our military, the air force is the one which requires our greatest attention. If we control the skies, the United Kingdom is unassailable.
Reopen Porton Down
Porton Down was a chemical research laboratory, founded during the First Weltkrieg. During syndicalist rule it was appropriated for their own nefarious purposes but with order restored we can reopen the facility and make it the centre of our military research.
Restore the Foreign Office
With our economy and government restored, the time has come for the United Kingdom to restore its place in the world.
Take Leadership of the Entente
The Entente has always been an alliance headed by the British. Canada did its duty for long enough - now it is our turn, as a restored nation, to retake our place as leader of the Entente.
The Five Eyes Programme
Each member of the Entente has its own espionage programme, but what if the alliance worked together? Rather than wasting effort spying on each other, what if they cooperated and instead spent that effort focused on our enemies?
The Imperial Preference Programme
The British government has suggested starting a programme of favourable tariffs and free trade agreements between former members of the Empire, as a means of increasing the Commonwealth's unity -- as well as protecting us from the increasingly aggressive trade practices of the industrialising world.
Renew the Special Relationship
Now that both the United Kingdom and France have succeeded in doing the impossible - together - we must ensure that relationship continues into the new era.
The Westminster Declaration
The various Dominions have proven themselves beyond a shadow of a doubt - they are no longer colonies, but nations in their own right and due the respect of our recognition as such. While it may be seen as a meaningless gesture, the Westminster Declaration sees to affirm the independence of the Dominions in our eyes.
Returning the Favour
None of the Dominion deserves our gratitude as much as Canada, who has chosen to remain loyal after our departure from their shores. We must strive to express our gratitude to these fine cousins, so that they might never believe we have forgotten their many sacrifices.
The Irish Question
Officially, we are the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland... yet we are without Northern Ireland. As a result of the revolution, Northern Ireland found itself tied to the republic on the rest of the island, against its best wishes. However, with the syndicalist threat snuffed out there is little tying the two together, and we must now consider if it is worth pursuing the restoration of our rule over the province.
The Gibraltar Question
Gibraltar controls access to the Mediterranean - even if we do not have the mighty navy we once did, Gibraltar is still home to many Britons, and some might consider it a point of pride that we address whether we should be seeking its return.
The Falklands Question
The Falkland Islands might seem very far off in the Southern Atlantic, yet it is a place that has been settled by thousands of Britons... but also currently occupied by the Argentinians, which seem eager to maintain their presence there. We must address what is to become of this lost colony, and whether these Britons are rightfully under our protection.
The West Indies Question
The West Indies Federation was a nation formed out of necessity, but that need is passed. Do we let it end, passing its colonies back to their owners, or shall it continue on as a new nation in its own right?
The Imperial Restoration Debate
Now that our strength is restored, a question has arisen: is the time of the great British Empire passed, or should we seek it out once more? Do we need the return of our African and Asian colonies? Will our alliance even hold together, should we seek out such old glory? The debate must be had.
The Liberation of the United Kingdom
After years of exile and struggle, the royal family has returned to the United Kingdom in triumph. It is a glorious day for Britain and the Empire, all of whom are thankful to [Root.GetNameDef] for its valiant service to the cause of tradition and world order. God save the King!
Restore the United Kingdom! (Play as the UK)
Restore the United Kingdom!
The Restoration
At long last, [CAN_king_full_name] entered Westminster Abbey today to be properly crowned as virtually all English and later British monarchs have been throughout history. Today is a glorious day, one that will mark a new beginning for the United Kingdom. After the coronation is over, however, the king and his government will find that the task of rebuilding the country is just beginning. The country's army is in a difficult position, with an organisation that will need to be started over from scratch, the economy has been completely upended just as it was after the uprising, and the fate of Britain's former syndicalist rulers must be decided upon.
Long live the king!
Liberty Day
Across [Root.GetNameDef], stores and factories are closed as the British gather in a national day of remembrance in honour of those who lost their lives in the struggle against syndicalism. The central activities of the day occur in London where, on the anniversary of his death, the remains of George V have been interred in a special vault in an elaborate ceremony at Westminster Abbey, attended by [CAN_king_first_name], the royal family, and leading political and military figures. This solemn act has finally fulfilled the late king's dying wish to return home. After the ceremony, [CAN_king_first_name] led a procession to the east end of the Mall, where a monument to George V was unveiled. The king stated that the monument commemorated all those who had been victims of the former regime, and that never again would syndicalism threaten British liberty. To honour the victims of syndicalism, and keep fresh the memory of what had been so nearly lost and was so dearly regained, henceforth this day every year is to be celebrated as Liberty Day.
For King and Country!
Liberty Day
Across [Root.GetNameDef], stores and factories are closed, as the British gather on this national day of remembrance, in honour of those who lost their lives in the struggle against syndicalism. The central activities of the day occur in the capital where, attended by [CAN_king_first_name], the royal family, and leading political and military figures, the Royal Guard parades through the city. In a speech given to the masses assembled on the Mall, [CAN_king_first_name] pledged that never again would syndicalism threaten British liberty, passed down through the ages. 'We honour the victims today,' he said, 'and keep fresh the memory of what had been so nearly lost and was so dearly regained.'
For King and Country!
Aid for the British
[GBR.GetNameDefCap] is dealing with a tremendous amount of devastation, and they could certainly use whatever assistance [Root.GetNameDef] can offer!
We can afford more!
This will have to do, for now.
[From.GetAdjective] Aid Arrives
Sorely-needed assistance from our [From.GetAdjective] allies arrived today!
A great deal of sorely-needed assistance from our [From.GetAdjective] allies arrived today! They have been very generous!
Thank you, [From.GetName]!
Reconstruction Authority Announced
While the monarchy has been restored to the Home Isles, many policy-makers feel that the country needs to undergo a difficult 'de-syndicalisation' process. Syndicalist rule permeated deep into British culture and society, as well as the economy, so that must be rebuilt along with the many homes that were laid waste during the war. On the steps of the damaged Westerminster Parliament, Prime Minister [GetBritishExilePM] announced to a hopefully but not enthusiastic crowd that the BRA, or British Reconstruction Authority, had been created and granted broad governing powers to see the rejuvenation process done as swiftly as possible.
Let us hope it works!.
Exiles Encounter Resistance
Those British citizens who fled the United Kingdom after it fell to syndicalist rule, or 'the Exiles', have encountered increasing resistance now as they begin to return to the country in large numbers. Disputes over the ownership of homes and estates which had been abandoned are frequent, and resentment towards the wealthier Exiles who return 'untouched by war and poverty' has become the norm. [CAN_king_first_name] launched a radio appeal to the British people, reminding them that the Exiles are the very reason their freedom has been regained - they are not returning conquerors, but as lost lambs brought back into the flock. Even so, many believe it will take many years to heal the social divide between these two groups.
Worrying.
Syndicalist Militias Remain Active
While there is a feeling among most Britons that the war is over, and their willingness to fight has been exhausted, there remain a number of syndicalist militia groups that are still active - they remain hidden both in the northern foothills and buried deep within the United Kingdom's larger urban areas. Militia leaders are reportedly trying to stoke resistance against [CAN_king_first_name] and the 'tyrannical Reconstruction Authority', and while they have met with very limited success so far it can only get worse if the BRA takes actions that anger socialists once more.
We will need to move carefully.
Union Soldiers Return
Now that the war is done, surviving soldiers who fought for the Union of Britain have begun to trickle back into the cities - some still injured, but most simply fearful that they will suffer repercussions for something they had no control over. Many are looking to re-enlist into the military, though the British Army is by no means ready to accept them just yet. Even so, should these men be treated as veterans? That will mean treating their injuries and providing them with stipends. A large number of Britons have sympathy for them... but these were also the same men who, until just recently, were killing their own countrymen for the syndicalists. Should that be rewarded?
We won't support traitors.
They'll receive limited help, but no stipend.
They were only doing as they were told - give them full support.
Exile Relief Efforts Begin
While Britons may not yet be grateful for their presence, the returning Exiles are undoubtedly in the best position to offer relief to those in the United Kingdom who have been left ravaged by the war. Lord Mountbatten has led the way, spending millions of his own funds to set up a homeless relief shelter in the heart of Manchester and Liverpool, and has called on his fellow Exiles to follow suit. Soup kitchens and tent cities have sprung up from one end of the country to the next, some government-funded by many underwritten by the wealthiest Exiles - most of whom have expressed, like Lord Mountbatten, that it is their duty to help those who had been left behind.
A welcome sight.
British Bankruptcies Increase
Vauxhall Motors Limited closed the doors on its Luton headquarters today, making it the third major bankruptcy declaration since the creation of the BRA. Most of these large companies had transferred over to union ownership during British rule, and with the future of unions in serious question it has left these companies in a state of limbo and without leadership. The BRA is preparing to step in and seize temporary ownership of corporations that threaten to close in this manner, though doing would still leave them in a state where their production is in a standstill. If the situation is not resolved soon, British unemployment levels could reach record heights within months.
This is not good...
The BRA Begins Operation
With Parliament itself restored, Prime Minister [GetBritishExilePM] - standing next to [CAN_king_first_name] - stood on its steps to announce that the British Reconstruction Authority was officially underway. Members of Parliament were already streaming into the building for their first session, where discussions would be held on the emergency lifting of import restrictions, and there was a definite feeling among the large crowd that things were soon going to return to normal. A few protestors holding union signs disturbed the ceremony only briefly before being led away by policemen.
A good day!
Reconstruction Projects Begin
Given the greenlight by the BRA, a huge number of reconstruction projects have begun operation throughout the country. With loan restrictions loosened or outright ignored, the construction companies have been able to hire on many thousands of eager workers and begin the process of restoring homes to Britain's teeming numbers of homeless families. As the first houses had their frames put up, cheering watchers said it was the first real feeling of hope they've experienced in many months.
Wonderful!
Arthur Horner Surrenders to Police
While most of the Union of Britain's syndicalist leadership have either gone into hiding or, as with Oswald Mosley, fled the country entirely, Arthur Horner today appeared and surrendered himself to British police. Even though he knew this would mean being placed on trial, he said 'I cannot in good conscience abandon my socialist brothers and sisters. We may have lost the war, but the battle is still being fought for workers everywhere. If they are to be put on trial for their ongoing fight against oppression, then so shall I.' Horner's supporters turned up in large numbers to silently watch him being led to prison. His actions appear to have stirred up syndicalist support which had been thought withered away by the end of the war.
Interesting.
Wartime Rationing Ends
A bit of good news to greet the country today: the wartime rationing which most have endured for well over a year now, and in some cases much longer, has officially been lifted by BRA authorities. Import restrictions have been removed, and already British supermarkets are seeing the return of meats and cheeses and fruits that all but vanished since syndicalist rule began. For many Britons, even though many still have their meals funded by the government, this is a sign that things are substantially improving.
Excellent.
Fate of the Unions
The defeat of the Union of Britain brought with it the destruction of the old trade unions that had supported the syndicalist regime. However, there is still the question of whether British workers should be allowed to organise on a local basis to defend their interests - indeed, there is an entire infrastructure of labour groups ready and waiting to begin setting up unions once again, and merely waiting to see what the government considers 'acceptable' now. Banning them entirely will not go over well with these groups, to say the least. One argument is that the government should set up a small number of controlled unions, and ban the rest. Still others say that the unions aren't the problem, and trying to get rid of them now will only invite disaster.
Allow the unions to continue.
Set up government-controlled unions, ban the rest.
We'll have no unions in Britain - ban them all!
Some of the protest will fade.\n
Objections to the Union Policy
While the government's decision to allow unions to continue was met with general approval among the British people, a subset - primarily the wealthy and those only recently returned from abroad - are very much not in favour. They have not gone so far as to protest in the street, but there have been grumblings over the matter and a general belief that the government needs to be careful lest it arrange matters so that the country is primed to have the 1925 revolt happen all over again.
Thanks for the advice.
New Protests over Banning of Unions
Labour supporters took to the streets across the country today, angrily protesting the government's plan to take control of unions. The fact that several will continue to exist, under government control, is considered far from acceptable. 'We're right back where we started, aren't we?' one woman demanded of reporters. 'If we allow this, then the government will walk all over us again!' Police have been reinforced by the British Army, but have so far taken no direct action against the protestors, for fear of escalation.
Labour supporters took to the streets across the country today, angrily protesting the government's complete ban on unions. 'We're right back where we started, aren't we?' one woman demanded of reporters. 'No unions to represent us, just the corporations walking all over us as they please? What are we supposed to do, just lie in the street now? Do we have no say in our future?' Police have been reinforced by the British Army, but have so far taken no direct action against the protestors, for fear of escalation.
Give them their unions, before this escalates.
We're not backing down.
Suppress the protests immediately.
Anger over New Union Leadership
While the unions have been allowed to proceed unregulated by the government, almost all of them have been required to do a clean sweep of their leadership - no-one who worked as a collaborator with the Union of Britain government is permitted to retain their previous position. While this is easily the lightest requirement the United Kingdom could apply, there have still been a number of protests over the matter in Scotland and Wales, with hardline labour activists saying that this was a 'slippery path' towards government keeping their foot on labour's neck for the rest of time. One of the protests became unruly and had to be broken up by police, but there have been no follow-ups since.
I see.
More Anger over Union Bans
Protests over the bans against unions have continued, particularly in Wales and Scotland. Labour leaders are maintaining the position that allowing the government to control when and where the British worker can stand up for themselves will inevitably lead to exploitation. Thankfully, it seems as if the protests are losing steam... though, at the same time, there is evidence that the syndicalist militias are also taking on a lot of recruits.
This could get uglier...
Syndicalist Trials Begin
The trials have begun for those syndicalist leaders captured by British forces - including Arthur Horner, who turned himself in to police not long ago. Horner's trial has received considerable attention in the British media, and he's spoken eloquently about the need for Britain 'to come to terms with its history of labour but also its future'. Indeed, there are some who regret giving him the platform at all, as he seems to have gained many sympathisers. Some policy-makers suggest that these trials are best used to make examples of traitors, but others say that harsh penalties will only inflame the resistance further.
Make sure the sentences are not harsh.
They must all be made examples, including Horner.
Protests Rage Against 'Show Trials'
As the syndicalist trials wind down, they've attracted a fair amount of protest from labour supporters - including the supporters Arthur Horner has only recently attracted. That the sentences handed out were fairly light seems to have taken the heat out of things, but even so these protests say the trials should not have begun in the first place. 'There is nothing they should apologise for!' read the signs. British police kept a close eye on the protests, though they did not escalate into violence.
It never ends...
Old Bailey Bombed
Protests against the syndicalist trials have reached a fever pitch, with the labour supporters exploding with anger once the verdicts were read - guilty, on all counts, with Arthur Horner receiving no less than three consecutive life sentences. A riot outside the courtroom needed to be put down almost immediately, but even after it was suppressed the night exploded into more violence when a bomb went off at the Old Bailey. As the seat of the Crown Court, the Old Bailey is a symbol of the King's justice, and the symbolism of the bombing has been lost on no-one. Thankfully, the building was mostly empty at the time of the explosion, and few were injured.
An ugly scene.
The Question of Labour
With the prospect of holding free elections looming, now the government must consider: when and if said elections occur, will the Labour Party be allowed to participate? Richard Crossman has presented himself in Parliament to make the case for the party, saying that while it did cooperate with the syndicalist government it also didn't have much choice. The Labour Party was never in a position of power in the Union of Britain, he says, and all it could do was to try and make things easier for the average citizen. The labour movement itself should not be punished. There are those who question Crossman's motives, and suggest that the party's collaboration with the Union is in itself criminal, but it's also clear that Labour has a huge amount of support. Banning it would prove difficult.
Pardon the Labour Party.
Labour can stay, but its previous leadership must be tried.
Ban the Labour Party.
Massive Protests Rock the Country
Banning the Labour Party has not gone over well with the British public. Incidents of violence has soared, with several bombings having taken place in centres such as Birmingham and Liverpool, and some protests having escalated into violence. There is a general sense that this might be the tipping point towards a larger revolution, that 1925 might be happening all over again. The British military has been called in to assist the police in keeping the peace and, so far, it has not escalated further.
Unsettling.
The Returning Aristocracy
The British Exiles who have returned to the country only to find that their lands have been stripped and their former homes are now occupied are demanding that their property be returned. The problem, of course, is that the new occupants assumed ownership legally, according to the Union of Britain, so they say having their homes now stripped from them is unfair. There is a simmering resentment against the aristocracy who fled after the uprising in 1925, which is feeding into this growing conflict, and now the government is being called in to decide the matter once and for all.
What was theirs should be restored, as it was illegally taken.
The current owners should be compensated, but must still give it up.
The aristocracy will be compensated for their losses.
Free Elections Announced
After several months of preparations, the provisional government has completed arrangements for the first free election in Great Britain since the liberation. The king has formally issued the writ for the 660 seats in the House of Commons, and the political parties have begun their campaigns. An excitement has spread throughout the country, as even those who have harboured doubts about the government's intentions now feel like freedom is truly at hand.
How liberating!
The [GetYear] British Elections
At long last, the first British elections since the country's liberation are under way. One party is certain to collect the largest share of the seats in Parliament, and it will be...
The Tories!
The Liberals!
The Labour Party!
The Elections of [GetYear]
British citizens once again return to vote for the party which will rule over Parliament for the next four years. This election's primary winner is...
Free Elections Cancelled
An emergency session of Parliament was called today, with [CAN_king_full_name] in attendance. The Prime Minister laid before the king the evidence that the country is simply in too much turmoil for a restoration of democracy, and that a 'guided Parliament' was needed to rule for the foreseeable future - without the need for elections. [CAN_king_first_name] gave his consent, and with that the House of Commons voted to put Robert Vansittart in the Prime Minister's seat for at least the next five years. The news, once it was announced, was like a splash of cold water in the public's face. Riots and protests began almost immediately, and the British military was put on high alert as rumours of syndicalist militia movements were reported across the country.
This won't be good...
The Night of Red Knives
The general uprising has been aided with attacks by syndicalist militias over the past week. These culminated in a fierce battle in the city of London today, as the militias attempted to take Buckingham Palace and kill [CAN_king_first_name] - in a move that would have shocked the country to its core, had it succeeded. Thankfully, by the time the morning had arrived, it was clear the syndicalists simply had neither the support nor the equipment to pull off their mission. The militias were broken and scattered, and while the anger in Britain has not appreciably dimmed, it is clear that there is going to be no repeat of 1925. Public order has held.
That's a relief!
The Beveridge Report
The work of William Beveridge is complete - with much fanfare, he has submitted a report officially titled 'Social Insurance and Allied Services' to Parliament. In it, Beveridge lays out in detail the five so-called 'evils' that damage a harmonious society and stand in the way of rebuilding Britain: namely squalor, ignorance, want, idleness, and disease. It goes on to recommend the implementation of a social welfare state and a national health service to bring free health care to the masses. Needless to say, the Beveridge Report is extremely popular with the public, and we will have difficulty not implementing most of its recommendations.
Some excellent ideas in there...
The Pigou Report
The work of renowned economist, Arthur Cecil Pigou, is complete - with much fanfare, he has submitted a report officially entitled 'The Restoration of Private Enterprise to British Society' to Parliament. In it, Pigou outlines a series of steps to fairly privatise British businesses out of the hand of trade unions but without turning all control back over to the wealthy. Most important in this step is monetary reform, including the establishment of a new system of interest-free credit issues through a new government banking agency. While the report is very popular with the government, it's received a lot of criticism from the public - with many declaring it will simply lead to a new system of inequality. The government has, however, so far dismissed these voices as belonging to syndicalist agitators.
Some excellent ideas in there...
The Question of Syndicalist Recruits
Now that the British Army is back on its feet, there is a whole line of men waiting to enlist... or re-enlist, considering many of them once served in the Union of Britain forces. The question is: do we take those men back? Many of them were likely just doing as they were told, yes, but surely there are some syndicalist sympathisers among them. Can we risk the possibility of having them in our army?
We won't take on syndicalist soldiers, period.
We'll take some, after careful screening.
We need the manpower - take as many as want to re-enlist.
National Arms Contract
There are numerous British companies vying for the national arms contract - the question is on what part of the army we wish to focus, as each company has different specialties. In the end, we feel the contract should be awarded to...
Webley & Scott
Birmingham Small Arms Company
Morris Motors
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests Return of British Ships
As a consequence of the Syndicalist occupation of Britain it largely fell upon the [ROOT.GetAdjective] nation to maintain Britannia's rule of the waves, with many of Britain's fleets ending up under our command in the aftermath. With [FROM.GetNameDef] now liberated and finally beginning to retake its rightful place back on the world's stage, they have requested the return of these ships in order to place them once again under one unified command structure.
Yes, it is time.
We would rather keep them.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Returns British Ships
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has approved of our recent request regarding the transferring of ships, and have placed their navies back under our command to be reorganised into new flotillas as needed.
Excellent.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses to Return British Ships
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has rejected our recent request regarding the transferring of ships, arguing that it will be more effective if they remain under [FROM.GetAdjective] command for the time being.
Oh well, they may have a point.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Requests Formal Control of the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Having elevated itself once more back to a global power, [FROM.GetNameDef] has requested that control over the Entente be restored to their leadership, putting them once more in charge of unified foreign policy and granting them control over the IEDC and ISAC.
Of course, we welcome their renewed leadership.
Their time leading it is over.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Cedes Control of the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Following discussions with the [FROM.GetAdjective] government and its military leadership the Entente has once again been placed under [ROOT.GetAdjective] control, including authority once more over the IEDC and ISAC. It once again falls upon us to guide our allies forward, now from our rightful home once more.
Rule, Britannia!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Keeps Control of the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Following discussions with the [FROM.GetAdjective] government and its military leadership, our request for the Entente to be placed back under our control has been scorned. It seems that they have decided that it would be more beneficial if it remained under their control for the time being.
The absolute gall...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Assumes Entente Leadership
Having restored its government and its military, [From.GetNameDef] has retaken its place as the leader of the Entente once more. British officials met with [From.From.GetAdjective] military leadership, in order to facilitate the transfer, and an elaborate ceremony was held in London whereby [CAN_king_full_name] thanked [From.From.GetNameDef] for its service and the sacrifices it made in getting the United Kingdom back to where it now stands.
We welcome the British return.
Let's hope it's better than last time.
The Five Eyes Programme
[From.GetNameDefCap] have started an initiative which they call the Five Eyes Programme, one that would see the Entente work together to combine their espionage efforts. If the alliance members simply agree not to spy on each other, for instance, and to share all relevant data with each others' offices, that would make our efforts much more efficient.
Let's make the effort.
It's not worth it.
The Imperial Preference Programme
The British government has approached us with a new initiative they are calling 'Imperial Preference'. It is something that was in the works for years before the revolution, intended to keep the countries of the Commonwealth more closely knit. As developing countries become more aggressive with their trade practices, the idea is that the programme will implement a system of free trade within the Commonwealth - both so we remain friendly trading partners, but also so that our markets are easy for other countries to penetrate.
Yes, let's proceed.
No, we don't need this.
The British-French Relationship
The British and the French have had a long and fruitful relationship as part of the Entente - a relationship that leads back to the unfortunate results of the Great War, but which endured that hardship and led to both countries being restored to the positions they hold today. The British government has approached the French, hoping to do two things: one, to exchange any last territories that have been administered since the collapse of both countries following their syndicalist uprisings, and two, to renew the mutual agreement of friendship and cooperation as both nations head into the next phase of European history.
Naturally.
Of course we agree!
We're not interested in this
The French Refuse
Amazingly, the current French government has refused our simple proposal. Perhaps their idea of our relationship is different than we thought?
Why must the French be so bloody French?
The Fate of [return_state.GetName]
Now that [From.GetNameDef] is restored, they have approached the [Root.GetAdjective] government to ask about the return of [return_state.GetName] - which they say is properly [From.GetAdjective] territory.
Of course they can have it.
No, I think not.
The Victoria Britannia
Today the British government completed construction on the Victoria Britannia - a 120-foot tall statue that rests on a hill over Halifax harbour, commemorating the Canadian victory over the Union of Britain which returned the British monarchy to the Home Isles. British Prime Minister [GetBritishExilePM] gave a speech to a large and enthusiastic crowd, commending the Canadian government and military and promising that [CAN.GetNameDef] and [GBR.GetNameDef] would forever hold a 'special relationship' that superseded all others. The ceremony ended with a minute of silence, honouring those that died during the British liberation, and a solemn promise from the prime minister that such efforts from their allies would never be needed again.
We couldn't be more thankful.
We appreciate the thought.
A worthy moment.
The Westminster Declaration of [GetYear]
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [CAN.GetNameDef], [AST.GetNameDef], and [SAF.GetNameDef] - all of which have been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [CAN.GetNameDef] and [AST.GetNameDef] - both of which have been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [CAN.GetNameDef] and [SAF.GetNameDef] - both of which have been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [AST.GetNameDef] and [SAF.GetNameDef] - both of which have been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [CAN.GetNameDef] - which has been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [AST.GetNameDef] - which has been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
The British Parliament has debated a bill for several months now regarding the colonial dominions such as [SAF.GetNameDef] - which has been de facto independent since the collapse of the United Kingdom in 1926. With the government in [GBR.GetNameDef] restored, the dominions' legal status has now been answered by the declaration: former dominions are considered 'legally independent, free to seek out their own paths in the world whether that is in the Commonwealth or outside of it, as equals and partners to [GBR.GetNameDef] or otherwise.' Some consider the declaration a recognition of the reality which has existed for more than a decade, though even so it is a definite pin in the cap for the dominion governments and their desire to see their contributions recognised.
Hear, hear!
It seems we have officially come into our own.
Interesting.
Our Claim to Northern Ireland
After the Irish War of Independence, the United Kingdom worked out a peace treaty with the Ireland in 1921. In that treaty, it was agreed that most of Ireland would become fully independent from the crown as a republic, but that the six counties of Northern Ireland would be given the right to remain within the Union as they so wished. When however Britain fell to the syndicalist menace, Northern Ireland were forced to accept entry into the republic for the sake of self preservation. Although we may have promised that we would allow this situation to continue after our restoration, we must consider if it is right to abandon Northern Ireland or stake our claim to it once more.
After the Irish War of Independence, the United Kingdom worked out a peace treaty with the Ireland in 1921. In that treaty, it was agreed that most of Ireland would become fully independent from the crown as a republic, but that the six counties of Northern Ireland would be given the right to remain within the Union as they so wished. When however Britain fell to the syndicalist menace, Northern Ireland were forced to accept entry into the republic for the sake of self preservation. Now that the old order has rightfully asserted itself back over Britain, it seems only fitting that we assert said rule over the entire nation and seek the reinclusion of Northern Ireland back into the United Kingdom. We must however consider if any potential refusal by Ireland, and any nation that may come to its aid, will be worth the hassle, before any decision is made.
The Loyalists in Ulster are our responsibility.
Ulster is not worth the potential headache.
We will keep our promise.
The British Demand
With the United Kingdom having been restored across the pond, it has not taken long for their imperialists to begin warmongering once more. A message was sent this morning informing the government that, as per the Anglo-Irish Treaty, Northern Ireland is part of their nation and have requested the immediate withdrawal of all Irish state apparatus from the region, with the implicit threat of any refusal being potentially met with force. We now must consider how we can respond to such a message.
If its a fight the Brits want, its a fight they'll get!
If this will keep the peace, so be it.
Northern Ireland Returned
While they do so only begrudgingly, the Irish have decided it is better to keep the peace between our countries and have agreed to return Northern Ireland to our control.
Unexpected, but wise.
Ireland has left the [Root.GetFactionName]
Caught up in a dispute with [GBR.GetNameDef] over the status of Northern Ireland, [IRE.GetNameDef] has angrily left the [Root.GetFactionName]. They believe there is no protection to be had in an alliance that would hunger after the territory of its own members.
This is not good...
[IRE.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
While it is hardly a surprise, the Irish have refused to surrender Northern Ireland to us. Our next move is not so easy to decide, however, as [IRE.GetNameDef] is not isolated. It is a member of the [IRE.GetFactionName], and taking any direct action against them will start a larger war.
While it is hardly a surprise, the Irish have refused to surrender Northern Ireland to us. Our next move is not so easy to decide, however, as [IRE.GetNameDef] is not isolated. It is a member of the [IRE.GetFactionName], and taking any direct action against them will start a larger war. However, with the Americans at our side, perhaps it is worth speaking to [irish_leader.GetNameDef], and see if the [irish_leader.GetAdjective] government will be willing to pressure the Irish to prevent further conflict?
While it is hardly a surprise, the Irish have refused to surrender Northern Ireland to us. Since the Irish are without allies, our next move may be a simple one.
Approach the [irish_leader.GetAdjective] government.
We should pursue this claim no further.
It is time to take matters into our own hands.
The United Kingdom Abandons Northern Ireland
Following the Irish War for Independence, the British government signed a peace treaty with the Irish establishing an independent republic across most of the Ireland, save for the six counties with a collective Protestant majority that made up Northern Ireland.\n\nAfter the revolution however, Northern Ireland chose to join the republic over fear of invasion from the new socialist government across the sea. With the United Kingdom restored to the Home Isles, the question had remained whether the British would attempt to restore their rule over Northern Ireland once again, a question that has finally been answered in the firm negative. This means not only peace with the Irish, but a change of name and flag for the United Kingdom as it once again becomes the Kingdom of Great Britain.
If it means peace, all the better.
The madmen actually left!
Interesting.
The British Appeal
Now with the United Kingdom's restoration to Europe, it was inevitable that the British would look towards their claims on Northern Ireland... their name, after all, is the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. They can't ignore it, after all. Our Irish allies, of course, don't see it the same way, and so the British have turned to us to keep the peace. Do we pressure the Irish to give in, or back them up and risk war with the British?
We support Ireland unreservedly.
Pressure the Irish to give in.
Pressure from [From.GetNameDef]
Shockingly, the British went to our [From.GetAdjective] allies and asked them to intervene in the matter of Northern Ireland... and they have done so! The [From.GetAdjective] government is suggesting that this is a delicate matter, and our refusal pushes the two alliances towards a war they do not wish to fight. So much for the strength of our alliance.
Screw the British, and you too!
It appears we have little choice.
A Miscalculation?
The Irish are evidently not a rational people when it comes to the status of Ulster. They have elected to abandon the [Root.GetFactionName] rather than give it up... and are very angry at us.
So be it.
The Irish Dig In
Appealing to [irish_leader.GetNameDef] didn't help matters, it seems. Even though the [irish_leader.GetAdjective] government applied pressure on [IRE.GetNameDef], as we requested, the Irish up and angrily abandoned their allies rather than give up Northern Ireland. So it appears we are back to square one.
We should give up this pursuit of Northern Ireland.
It is time to take matters into our own hands.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Supports Ireland
The [From.GetAdjective] government responded with a definitive answer: not only are they not going to pressure the Irish on our behalf, if it comes down to a confrontation between us and the Irish over the status of Ulster, they will take arms to defend Irish sovereignty.
We should give up this pursuit of Northern Ireland.
It is time to take matters into our own hands.
The Rock of Gibraltar
Gibraltar was ceded to us in 1713 by the Treaty of Utrecht, a cession which Spain has never recognised. Even so, the territory is primarily populated by over 20,000 Britons -- none of whom see the Spanish as their nationality. That won't matter the slightest to [gibraltar_owner.GetNameDef], of course, who would rather go to war with us than part with the territory now. It's not even about Gibraltar's vital role in controlling the entrance to the Mediterranean. To them, it's a matter of pride.
Gibraltar was ceded to us in 1713 by the Treaty of Utrecht, and even today is populated by over 20,000 Britons. Even if the territory didn't play a vital role in guarding the entrance to the Mediterranean Sea, we would still have a responsibility to those people. Gibraltar's strategic position, however, means it's not likely something [gibraltar_owner.GetNameDef] is going to surrender lightly. Pushing our claim likely means a confrontation with Gibraltar's [gibraltar_owner.GetAdjective] owners.
Gibraltar is ours by right!
This is a pointless claim to pursue.
The Falkland Islands
The Falkland Islands is a minor colony off in the southern Atlantic, home to only a couple of thousand Britons. It's currently ruled by [falklands_owner.GetNameDef], in what is supposed to be a temporary occupation, however, they are unlikely going to want to give it up... but the people of the Falklands consider themselves British citizens and have never wanted to join [falklands_owner.GetNameDef]. So the question for us now is: do we support them and re-claim the islands, putting ourselves in a position where we might have to fight their [falklands_owner.GetAdjective] owner?
The Falkland Islands is a minor colony off in the southern Atlantic, home to only a couple of thousand Britons. It has no particular strategic importance, but the Britons there do consider themselves British citizens, and have asked us to re-assert our claim over the islands. The islands are held by [falklands_owner.GetNameDef], so having them returned shouldn't be an issue, but do we bother?
The Falkland Islands is a minor colony off in the southern Atlantic, home to only a couple of thousand Britons. It has no particular strategic importance, but the Britons there do consider themselves British citizens, and have asked us to re-assert our claim over the islands... an idea [falklands_owner.GetNameDef] is not going to appreciate. The question for us now is: do we support them and re-claim the islands, putting ourselves in a position where we might have to fight their [falklands_owner.GetAdjective] owner?
The Falklands are ours by right!
This is a pointless claim to pursue.
The [From.GetAdjective] Demand
The [From.GetAdjective] Request
The [From.GetAdjective] government has approached us with a demand: that we return [demand_state.GetName] to them at once, which they see as rightfully [From.GetAdjective] territory.
Our allies in the [From.GetAdjective] government has approached us with a request: that we transfer administration of [demand_state.GetName] to them, which they see as rightfully [From.GetAdjective] territory.
Very well.
We disagree.
[demand_state.GetName] Returned
The [From.GetAdjective] government has weighed their options and decided it would be better to return [demand_state.GetName] to us at once.
Our allies in the [From.GetAdjective] government have happily returned [demand_state.GetName] to us.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The answer from the [From.GetAdjective] government was swift: they do not agree with the [Root.GetAdjective] claim to [demand_state.GetName] and will not be returning it to [Root.GetNameDef].
We are not amused
Then we are left with no alternative.
The [From.GetAdjective] Request
We have been contacted by our allies in the [From.GetAdjective] government, who say that - now that [From.GetNameDef] is back on its feet - they wish to take back control of [colony_country.GetNameDef], which they see as a [From.GetAdjective] territory. Their request is a polite one and not a demand, though it's quite clear they see no reason for us to refuse.
They are correct.
They are mistaken - [colony_country.GetNameDef] is ours!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed with our request and has transferred [colony_country.GetNameDef] to our control.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request. They say that [colony_country.GetNameDef] was territory that was hard-won, and until they decide otherwise it should be considered a [From.GetAdjective] colony.
How disappointing.
The [From.GetAdjective] Request
The [From.GetAdjective] Demand
We have been contacted by our allies in the [From.GetAdjective] government, who say that - now that [From.GetNameDef] is back on its feet - they wish to take back ownership of any colonial land currently under [Root.GetAdjective] control. Their request is a polite one and not a demand, though it's quite clear they see no reason for us to refuse.
We have been contacted by the [From.GetAdjective] government, who say that - now that [From.GetNameDef] is back on its feet - they wish to take back ownership of any colonial land currently under [Root.GetAdjective] control. Their request is not a polite one, and they seem to be willing to back up their demand with force, if we push it to that extent.
Give them back the land.
No, we'll keep it all.
We must inform our overlords immediately...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Agrees
The [From.GetAdjective] government has agreed with our request and has transferred the colonies to our control.
Excellent.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused our request. They say that those territories were hard-won, and until they decide otherwise they should be considered a [From.GetAdjective] colony.
How disappointing.
They leave us with little choice.
The Fate of [WIF.GetNameDef]
[WIF.GetNameDefCap] is a peculiar construction - not a country in its own right, but a collection of pre-war colonies that were forced to band together in order to survive the chaos that engulfed their British and French overlords. It has no reason to exist, though somehow it has and continues to. Many say that the reason for the federation is now done, and the colonies should be separated once again. Others say that [WIF.GetNameDef] has earned its right to continue on... at the very least, as a reward for having struggled to free us.
It is time to dissolve the federation.
It can remain as it is, under our control.
It can remain whole, but only under our control.
It can retain its independence.
We shall grant it independence.
Return of the French Caribbean
[WIF.GetNameDefCap] truly only existed as a temporary measure to band together the former French and British colonies before the war. Now that [From.GetNameDef] is strong once more, it has absorbed the federation and returned the French colonies to our control.
We appreciate it.
We Remain a [From.GetAdjective] Subject
The [From.GetAdjective] government has debated our continued existence as a federation - indeed, in their eyes, we were never meant to exist as a united country. Our formation was temporary, while our British and French overlords were engulfed in chaos. Now that they have recovered, they have decided to retain us as a united colony rather than break us up again. Our federation, they say, managed to stand the test of the war - perhaps it has a future after all.
Good to hear.
The [From.GetAdjective] Demand
The [From.GetAdjective] government has debated our continued existence as a federation - indeed, in their eyes, we were never meant to exist as a united country. Our formation was temporary, while our British and French overlords were engulfed in chaos. Now that they have recovered, they have decided that we may continue as a united nation... but only if we return to [From.GetAdjective] control. Our independence, in their eyes, has not yet been earned, but may come in time.
If it must be...
No! We've earned our freedom and we'll keep it!
We Shall Remain Independent
The [From.GetAdjective] government has debated our continued existence as a federation - indeed, in their eyes, we were never meant to exist as a united country. Our formation was temporary, while our British and French overlords were engulfed in chaos. Now that they have recovered, they have decided we have earned the right to continue as a united nation, and may keep our independence. This they see as a reward for all we did during the war, and they hope we will continue on as part of the Commonwealth.
Good to hear!
We Are Granted Independence
The [From.GetAdjective] government has debated our continued existence as a federation - indeed, in their eyes, we were never meant to exist as a united country. Our formation was temporary, while our British and French overlords were engulfed in chaos. Now that they have recovered, they have decided we have earned the right to continue as a united nation, and will do so as an independent nation. This they see as a reward for all we did during the war, and they hope we will continue on as part of the Commonwealth.
Wonderful!
Do We Rebuild the Empire?
Now that [Root.GetNameDef] has been rebuilt, the question on everyones' lips is: do we rebuild the British Empire? There are many former colonies out there, either independent or held by other powers... and that includes Germany, who we have promised to leave with our former colonies. If we do not break that promise, we will be ignoring most of our holdings in Africa and Southeast Asia. It is also worth noting that the entire idea of rebuilding our colonial empire is not a very popular one back home. Most people say the time for the Empire is done, and that we should focus on the country we have now.
Now that [Root.GetNameDef] has been rebuilt, the question on everyones' lips is: do we rebuild the British Empire? There are many former colonies out there, either independent or held by other powers. Getting it all returned means possibly going to war for it, something the Entente will not be pleased with. It is also worth noting that the entire idea of rebuilding our colonial empire is not a very popular one back home. Most people say the time for the Empire is done, and that we should focus on the country we have now.
It is time to decolonise - the Empire is done.
We will restore the Empire - but not with German lands.
We will restore the ENTIRE British Empire!
We shall rebuild the British Empire!
The Status of Malta
Now that [From.GetNameDef] is back on its feet, it has requested the return of Malta - since the island was never properly under [Root.GetAdjective] jurisdiction, and the Maltese do genuinely want to be back under British control.
Of course!
No, we do not think they are ready.
The British Demand
An envoy from [From.GetNameDef] has approached the [Root.GetAdjective] government, demanding we surrender immediately and return to the British fold.
An envoy from [From.GetNameDef] us, demanding that our puppet [return_country.GetAdjective] government be surrendered immediately to their control. They consider [return_country.GetNameDef] an integral part of [From.GetNameDef], and it will likely mean no end of trouble with them if we do not comply.
Very well...
Absolutely not!
They Have Agreed
The [From.GetAdjective] government has acceeded to our demand. [return_country.GetNameDefCap] is ours once again.
Excellent!
They Have Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused, saying they do not recognise our claim to [return_country.GetNameDef].
Damn them!
Then they leave us little choice!
The British Demand
The British government has approached us, demanding that we turn over our occupied territory in Great Britain at once, territory the British consider their integral territory.
I suppose we should...
Absolutely not!
They Have Agreed
The [From.GetAdjective] government has acceeded to our demand. The British land is ours once again.
Excellent!
They Have Refused
The [From.GetAdjective] government has refused, saying they have uses for the British lands and don't take orders from us.
Damn them!
Then they leave us little choice!
The [GBR.GetAdjective] Demand
[From.GetNameDefCap] has been contacted by the [GBR.GetAdjective] government, who say that - now that [GBR.GetNameDef] is back on its feet - they wish to take back ownership of any colonial land currently under [From.GetAdjective] control. Their request is not a polite one, and they seem to be willing to back up their demand with force, if we push it to that extent.
Tell [From.GetNameDef] to agree.
Tell [From.GetNameDef] to refuse.
We Must Refuse
The [From.GetAdjective] government has laughed at the [GBR.GetAdjective] demand and told us to immediately refuse. We have no choice to comply.
Let's see how this goes...
We Must Agree
The [From.GetAdjective] government sees merit in the [GBR.GetAdjective] demand and told us to immediately agree. We have no choice to comply.
All right then!
Northern Ireland Returns to the Crown
Having shaken off the tyranny of the radical regime in Dublin, the six counties of Ulster that make up Northern Ireland have made clear their intention to reverse the mistakes of the past and return at once to the British crown.\n\nWhile the province had once reluctantly tied itself to the state on the rest of the island, for the sake of self preservation during the revolution, [NIR.GetLeader] has in no uncertain terms declared that Northern Ireland's only path forward is its immediate return to the King's realms, and thus administrators have already been sent to Belfast to aid the provisional government's endeavour.
Welcome home brave Ulstermen!
Restoration of the United Kingdom
In a decidedly dramatic turn of events the Republican regime in the Union of Britain has fallen, and the royalist government under the House of Windsor has now finally returned to London. [CAN_king_full_name] has been formally crowned in Westminster Abbey fulfilling his life's dream of avenging his father's exile during the British Revolution, and already efforts to rid the nation of its syndicalist ties are under way.\nThe Home Isles have been changed beyond all recognition in only a short period of time, and the roots of leftist influence have been deeply embedded in the institutions of the nation and the psyche of its people. Many across the globe now wait with bated breath to see what actions the newly restored United Kingdom will take on the world stage.
A new order, or a return of the old?
George V
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1865, in Marlborough House, Westminster, Middlesex, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn the second son to the future Edward VII, there was little expectation that George Windsor would become King and as such he was destined for a career in the navy. But following the death of his older brother to influenza in 1892, he was made Duke of York and second in line to the throne, ending his naval career. Having grown close during the shared period of mourning for his brother, George would marry Princess Mary of Teck, his brother's fiancé and so would begin a loving, if little publicly expressed relationship. But his world would once again be thrown into turmoil when in 1910 his father would die, and George was forced to ascend to the throne as King George V. George had taken power at a politically turbulent time with the rising temper of the Irish Home Rule movement and the Liberals' growing conflict with the lords. While the constitutional crisis would ultimately see the reform of the Lords and a civil war temporarily averted in Ireland, the world would be cast into the fires of war as the Great War broke out with a despondent George at the helm. Despite his attempts to appease British nationalism by abandoning his German titles and adopting the name Windsor, Britain's loss in the Weltkrieg caused the already growing republican movement to experience a steady uptick in support. After years of poor governance and politicking, the British Revolution would break out and amid his dithering refusal to intervene in the political crisis, the King would be forced to flee Britain into exile and watch his home, along with his Empire, tumble into the abyss.\n\nThe King-Emperor, as he styles himself still, has reigned over the British Empire, what's left of it, since his flight into exile. The loss of the Weltkrieg to his own cousin, the loss of his youngest son, John, and the final devastating loss of Britain itself have combined to break much of George V's spirit despite his unending resolve to maintain his stature. With his health having worsened since the flight to Canada, which George privately refers to as \
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1865, in Marlborough House, Westminster, Middlesex, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe King-Emperor, as he styles himself still, has reigned over the British Empire, ever since Britain's triumphant victory in the Great War. With his own cousin, the Kaiser, defeated and the once mighty German Empire humbled it would appear that Britain and her King may rest on their laurels. But there are those would whisper that a great tumult is on the horizon, with Stanley Baldwin's government still struggling to handle the Depression and the resurgent German Reich speaking of conquests that would run roughshod over Europe. With his heir to be the maligned Prince Edward, it remains to be seen if the King, a gallant defender of British hegemony, will succumb to his age or continue to rule the Empire on which the Sun shall never set.§!
Edward, Prince of Wales
Edward VIII
The first son of King George V, Edward VIII was born in the outskirts of London, named such after this late uncle. With a traditional childhood and tutoring, the young Prince was initially destined for a military schooling in the navy, first at Osborne and then Dartmouth. While a course of two years and entry into the navy was planned, this was cut short following his father's ascension to the throne. Preparations to prepare Edward for future leadership were started in earnest, being sent to Magdalen College at Oxford, despite allegations of being underprepared intellectually, ultimately leaving Oxford after eight terms, without any academic qualifications. By the time of the Great War, Edward was of legal age to join and enthusiastically signed into the Grenadier Guards but was refused deployment to the frontlines in case the heir apparent be captured or killed. Nevertheless, he would travel to the frontlines as often as he could and undertook military flights from 1918 onwards, making him deeply popular among veterans for his eagerness to fight alongside them. But Edward would return to a country that was disillusioned by its defeat and suffering from economic depression, a fact Edward note on during his many tours of poverty-stricken areas of Britain to meet with local people and take on board their concerns. But despite his efforts to reach out to the common populace, Edward would be evacuated with his family to Canada in 1925 amid the British Revolution despite his proposal that he return to the frontlines to fight the syndicalist menace.
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1894, in White Lodge, Richmond Park, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$GBR_edward_windsor_desc_body$\n\nIn exile, the young Edward would gradually take on many of the duties his father once performed, becoming a regent in all but name. But following his father's death, Edward of Windsor was crowned in a lavish ceremony in Ottawa, with all the pomp and circumstance afforded to his forebearers. The young monarch, notably solemn upon his enthronement, inherited an Empire undoubtedly a shadow of its former glory, and a kingdom occupied by syndicalist revolutionaries. Undeterred, King Edward has already proven himself prone to meddling in politics with his own radical views and a man of lustful scandal on par with Oswald Mosley. But he maintains, above all else, the desire that the banner of the United Kingdom will one day proudly fly above the Home Isles and the Empire shall be restored to its glory...§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1894, in White Lodge, Richmond Park, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$GBR_edward_windsor_desc_body$\n\nIndeed, Edward had fulfilled this dream and under his reign the British exiles have arisen from their icy fortress across the sea to strike back and take back the birthright. Undeterred, a now wisened and forever-changed King, Edward still continues to tour the devastated ruins of Britain at times to meet adoration and at others, scorn. Regardless of how is subjects may seem him, love him or hate him, King Edward will forever be remembered as the man who took back Britain, the King under which the Empire would strike back.§!
Albert, Duke of York
Albert I
Prince Albert
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1895, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe young Prince Albert was not expected to be a king. Growing up in Britain, he was always in the shadow of his brother, Prince Edward. Albert I was always known as a timid and reserved man, until near the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, when he attended an academy in 1909 and became a sailor in 1913. Despite constant seasickness, he served in the Battle of Jutland aboard the HMS Collingwood, and later served as a squadron leader until being injured in November of 1918, remaining in Britain for the rest of the war.\n\nAfter the war, Albert continued to live in Britain until the revolution, fleeing to Canada. The Prince was relatively irrelevant up until the rise of his brother as King, being next in line for the throne. Upon his brother's abdication, the new King Albert I is seen as an equal if not better than his predecessor, as he is more willing to work with the Canadian government and British Exiles. Although the king suffers from constant sickness, he is seen as a beacon of hope by the British Exiles. For better or for worse, Albert I will lead the charge into the Home Isles.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1895, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThroughout the war, King Albert's voice was one that many across the Entente tuned into to hear the King's hopeful words of encouragement to the soldiers and citizens alike to push through.\n\nNow in Britain, the King's return to London was a topic of mixed reactions in Britain. Many believe the King's return was the last sign of the Union's demise, while the others see his performance in Canada as a more figurehead-like King as a way that Britain will be returned to the democracy it once was, and King Albert I is the sign of a new era of rebuilding and prosperous times in Britain. Only time will tell how the new King will handle the new Britain.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1895, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Albert of Windsor, younger Brother of British king Edward VIII, has been appointed Governor-General of Canada. Though ridiculed as a child for his noticeable stammer, Albert grew into a collected and dutiful man. While Canadians appreciate Albert's virtue, the expectation among many in its government was that appointment to the post of Governor-General would be restored to the discretion of the Canadian parliament. Regardless of the disappointment of some, however, Albert is well liked. With Edward occupied with the reconstruction of the recently reconquered Britain, Albert toils diligently to ensure that Canada is properly governed.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1895, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Albert of Windsor has been appointed Governor-General of Australasia. Though ridiculed as a child for his noticeable stammer, Albert grew into a collected and dutiful man. While Australasians appreciate Albert's virtue, the expectation among many in its government was that appointment to the post of Governor-General would be restored to the discretion of the Australasian parliament. Regardless of the disappointment of some, however, Albert is well liked. With the country still mourning from such tragic air-crash, Albert toils diligently to ensure that Australasia is properly governed.§!
Henry, Duke of Gloucester
Henry IX
Prince Henry
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1900, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe third-born son of George V, young Henry was regarded as an extremely nervous child, but Henry grew into an active and modest man. He excelled at sports, attended Eton College, and pursued a military career in-exile. All this prepared the unassuming prince to inherit the Crown when destiny played its hand. The new King Henry IX is well liked. He is seen as a stable and strong monarch, who is nonetheless of democratic stock. Now it is his duty to lead the British through the tumultuous waters ahead. And deep within, King Henry IX knows it is his sacred duty to reunite the British people...§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1900, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThroughout the war, King Henry's voice was one that many across the Entente tuned into to hear. The King's hopeful words of encouragement to the soldiers and citizens alike to push through inspired our brave soldiers.\n\nNow in Britain, the King's return to London was a topic of mixed reactions by the liberated population. Many believe the King's return is the last sign of the Union's destruction, while the others see his performance in Canada as a unifying figure as the ingredient that will return Britain to the democracy it once was. Only time will tell how the principled King will handle the rift within the new Britain.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1900, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPrince Henry of Windsor has been appointed Governor-General of Australasia. Though regarded as an extremely nervous child, Henry grew into an active and modest man. While Australasians appreciate Henry's virtue, the expectation among many in its government was that appointment to the post of Governor-General would be restored to the discretion of the Australasian parliament. Regardless of the disappointment of some, however, Henry is well liked. With the country still mourning from such a tragic air-crash, Henry toils diligently to ensure that Australasia is properly governed.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1900, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!
George, Duke of Kent
George VI
Prince George
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1902, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe fifth child and fourth son of George V never expected what the future had in store for him. The young George studied in the British Navy and graduated soon before the Revolution, but he was whisked away along with the other members of the royal family. In exile, he continued his military career. Eventually, channelling his passion for aviation and becoming an RAF officer. This earned the young prince something of a daredevil reputation. Sometimes making headlines for his military duties and personal scandals. However, destiny placed him squarely in the limelight. Now, it is the job of this unlikely monarch to lead the nation to war, so that the banner of the United Kingdom will one day proudly fly above the Home Isles and the Empire shall be restored to its glory. Time can only tell if the young monarch has what it takes...§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1902, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThroughout the war, King George's voice was one that many across the Entente tuned into to hear. The King's hopeful words of encouragement to the soldiers and citizens alike, as well as frequent visits to the frontline, boosted our soldiers' morale. Once, a young monarch brought to prominence by unlikely circumstances; King George VI, came into his own. But the King faces his greatest challenge yet, as the figurehead now has to unify a divided people. Some in the Home Isles welcome the return of the King, but others don't feel any particular affection to their new ruler. Now, King George VI must support efforts to mark a new era of rebuilding and prosperous times in Britain.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1902, in York Cottage, Sandringham, Norfolk, England§!
Hugh Gaitskell
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1906, in Kensington, London, England§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1906, in Kensington, London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTaking education at Oxford in 1924, he'd see the first drops of the revolution and unlike many of his student peers, support the general strike. When revolution broke out, Gaitskell was quick to support it and witnessed first-hand the political suppression of the workers movement by the conservative government. Despite his support for the revolution, brutal crackdowns against \
Herbert Samuel
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1870, in Toxteth, Liverpool, Lancashire, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LOne of the many Liberals to support the revolution against the tyranny of the Conservative government. With the party split, Samuel took up the reins of its leadership and ushered it into the new regime, having a friendly rivalry with the Labour Party. During the early 1930s, Samuel undercame immense suspicion and was eventually arrested for counter-revolutionary activities, being one of the most notable political prisoners of the Union. Now having been able to wrangle support to lead the post-Union order, Samuel will no doubt seek a more fast-paced and shock-therapy like measures of desyndicalising the Union while maintaining some of the social safety nets he had helped establish.§!
Abraham England
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1867, in Barrowford, Lancashire, England§!
Harold MacMillan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1894, in Chelsea, London, England§!
Collective Leadership
Anthony Ludovici
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 8th, 1882, in London, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPolyglot and far-right author, Anthony Ludovici had a tumultuous run in the Union, often forced to flee for counter-revolutionary activities and his notable reactionary underground works. During his times of exile and underground politicking, Ludovici interacted with similarly minded far-right figures and ex-conservatives, all prepared to work with foreign invaders to see the downfall of the Union. Now in power, Ludovici and his supporters will no doubt pursue a ruthless campaign of \
Charles III
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1884, in Claremont House, Surrey, England§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe so-called \
Arnold Leese
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1878, in Lytham St Annes, Lancashire, England§!
Joseph Austen Chamberlain
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 16th, 1863, in Birmingham, Warwickshire, England§!
Robert Anthony Eden
§YBorn:§! §LJune 12th, 1897, in Rushyford, Durham, England§!
Edgar Algernon Robert Gascoyne-Cecil
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1864, in Marylebone, London, England§!
Robert Gilbert Vansittart
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1881, in Farnham, Surrey, England§!
Henry Page Croft
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1881, in Ware, Hertfordshire, England§!
Houses of Parliament
§YFounded:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1801, in the Palace of Westminster, London, England§!
Richard Howard Stafford Crossman
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1907, in London, England§!
John Allsebrook Simon
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1873, in Moss Side, Manchester, England§!
William Maxwell Aitken
§YBorn:§! §LMay 25th, 1879, in Maple, Ontario, Dominion of Canada§!
Joseph Kenworthy
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1879, in Leamington, Warwickshire, England§!
Philip Noel-Baker
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1889, in Brent, London, England§!
Percy Harris
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 6th, 1876, in Kensington, London, England§!
Norman Birkett
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1883, in Ulverston, Lancashire, England§!
Arthur Kenneth Chesterton
§YBorn:§! §LMay 1st, 1899, in Krugersdorp, South African Republic§!
Frank Cyril Tiarks
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1874, in Balham, Surrey, England§!
Barry Domvile
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1878, in London, England§!
Walter Runciman
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1870, in South Shields, Durham, England§!
Oliver Lyttelton
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 15th, 1893, in Mayfair, London, England§!
Edward Cavendish
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1895, in Mayfair, London, England§!
Desmond Morton
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1891, in Kensington, London, England§!
Gerald Wallop
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1898, in Chicago, Illnois, United States of America§!
John Anderson
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 8th, 1882, in Edinburgh, Edinburghshire, Scotland§!
Montagu Norman
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1871, in Kensington, London, England§!
Charles Henry Maxwell Knight
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1900, in Mitcham, Surrey, England§!
Bernard Law Montgomery
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1887, in Kennington, Surrey, England§!
Harold Rupert Alexander
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1891, in London, England§!
Henry Maitland Wilson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 5th, 1881, in London, England§!
Adrian Carton de Wiart
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1880, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Orde Charles Wingate
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1903, in Naini Tal, United Provinces of Agra and Oudh, British India§!
Robert Brooke-Popham
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1878, in Mendlesham, Suffolk, England§!
Philip Neame
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1888, in Faversham, Kent, England§!
Alan Francis Brooke
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 23rd, 1883, in Bagnères-de-Bigorre, Hautes-Pyrénées, French Republic§!
Richard Nugent O'Connor
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 21st, 1889, in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India§!
John Greer Dill
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 25th, 1881, in Lurgan, Co. Armagh, Ireland§!
John Vereker
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1886, in Westminster, London, England§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 10th, 1886, in Westminster, London, England§!
John Cunningham
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1885, in Demerara, British Guiana§!
Louis Mountbatten
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1900, in Frogmore House, Windsor, Berkshire, England§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1900, in Frogmore House, Windsor, Berkshire, England§!
Tom Spencer Vaughan Phillips
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 19th, 1888, in Falmouth, Cornwall, England§!
Alfred Dudley Pound
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1877, in Ventnor, Isle of Wight, England§!
James Fownes Somerville
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 17th, 1882, in Weybridge, Surrey, England§!
John Cronyn Tovey
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1885, in Rochester, Kent, England§!
Arthur Travers Harris
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1892, in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, England§!
Charles Frederick Algernon Portal
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1893, in Hungerford, Berkshire, England§!
Hugh Montague Trenchard
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1873, in Taunton, Somerset, England§!
John Frederick Charles Fuller
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1878, in Chichester, West Sussex, England§!
Thomas Edward Lawrence
British PM in Exile
Disgraced Statesman
Nationalist Firebrand
Persuasive Mediator
Poet and a Gentleman
Mover and Shaker
People's Minister
Little Hugh
Little Englander
Diligent Judge
Germanophobic Businessman
Autocratic Tendencies
Unpopular Monarch
Humble
Phlegmatic
Popular Figurehead
Biddable
Army Experience
Smooth Talking Charmer
Hedonist
The Returning King
British Exile
§LOne of the military leaders that is loyal to the British government-in-exile, and who will return to the United Kingdom if and when it is restored.§!
