Nicaragua Focus Tree
Partido Nacional Revolucionario (National Revolutionary Party)
PNR
Frente de Soberanía Nacional (Front of National Sovereignty)
FSN
Partido Campesino de Nicaragua (Farmers' Party of Nicaragua)
PCN
Partido Campesino de Nicaragua (Farmers' Party of Nicaragua)
PCN
Partido de la Revolución Liberal (Party of Liberal Revolution)
PRL
Partido Liberal Constitucionalista (Constitutionalist Liberal Party)
PLC
Partido Conservador (Conservative Party)
PC
Partido Liberal Nacionalista (Nationalist Liberal Party)
PLN
Unión Nacional Opositora (National Opposition Union)
UNO
Alianza por la República (Alliance for the Republic)
AL
Nicaragua
Nicaraguan
Nicaragua
§RThe Sandinistas will begin to help the army in one month.\n§!
§RBoth us and Honduras must be Socialist.§!
§YBoth us and Honduras must be Liberal.§!
Nicaragua and Honduras must not be the same ideology.
§RThis could have unforeseen consequences.§!
§RTrust in the government will decrease§!
§GTrust in the government will increase.§!
§RThis will upset the population in the east.§!
§RSandino due to a lack of opposition will retain control over the country, for the sake of the people.§!
§RThe liberation of Central America is at hand! Our allies and us will unite into an unstoppable force or perish trying!§!
We will settle the dispute of the high command, giving us one of the following effects:
But, should the §cPC§! found itself in power, Chamorro will force his more defensive reforms to be the ones elected.
This will upgrade the Guardia idea, giving us one of the following effects:
§YShould Canada accept:§!
§YShould Germany accept:§!
We will ask the Commune of France or the Union of Britain to invest in us, which could result in either a §YCivilian Factory§! or a §YMilitary Factory§! being added.
We will ask Canada or Germany to invest in us, which could result in either a §YCivilian Factory§! or a §YMilitary Factory§! being added.
We can make our move against America.
The American civil war has begun.
The new election has occurred.
The Liberal Revolution has been adopted.
The Socialist Revolution has been adopted.
The United States and its influence has been removed.
Sandino is currently resisting the government.
Sacasa has started to gather Mercenaries
Allies in the Revolution
Holding the Exiled Military
Revolutionary Threat
Watching Our Every Move
Removed the Monroe Doctrine
Claiming our Country
Half of our country has been locked off from us for four heavy years now, but no longer! With America in no condition to intervene against us, we can begin to make our move to make Nicaragua for Nicaraguans.
Spreading the Revolution
Our enemy to the north, Honduras have long been a threat to our country. Holding our exiled military which was formed by the United States during our occupation, the first thing we will need to do during this period of chaos is to ensure them and the exiles repent for what they have caused.
March East
While the eastern part of our country wasn't officially demilitarised, the firm policy of the United States that, 'Move an inch and we'll send you packing 10 miles' prevented our troops from moving into areas that weren't already liberated in the revolution. With America no longer watching, we're free to send our enemies packing and rescue our people.
Nationalise United Fruit Assets
The United Fruit Company was previously removed from the Western side of our country during the revolution due to our full control over the area, but the result of this was an increase of focus on the East of our country, with the UFC buying land in the area to compensate for their losses. The chaos brought by the recent American elections gives us the ability to intervene and end their reign of terror once and for all.
Move Farmers East
Our recent liberation of the eastern side of our country gives us the ability to move our people into the region, to allow the farms to be used for peasants and farmers and take it back from imperialist interests.
Nicaragua is for Nicaraguans!
The United Fruit Company and the American imperialists are almost driven out of our country. All it will take is one final push, and Nicaragua will be secured once and for all!
Declare Monroe Dead!
The Monroe Doctrine has long been crippling our country, preventing our army from realising its true potential and the spread of the revolution to our brethren, but no longer! We will declare this outdated doctrine dead and have our country for ourselves only.
Sandinistas Recruitment
Sandino's personal project to tame the Sandinistas and turn them into a stable fighting force has worked well so far, and some have recommended that we expand the recruitment to help in the current conflict.
Open Eastern Recruitment
The East has been locked off from recruitment due to its unofficial demilitarisation by the United States, but we can now open up recruitment in the region without the United States. Of course, the people within the region might not appreciate this...
Test Honduras
Honduras has long been the target of our country's contempt, with it holding the exiled National Guard and being generally unfriendly to our revolutionary republic. Before going to war, we should test Honduras and their strength by provoking conflicts along the borders.
Spark Agitation in Honduras
Many within Honduras hold sympathy for the revolution we're trying to spread to them, so sparking agitation against their corrupt government could help us in the conflict.
Agitation
People have begun to resist our rule as a response to the Nicaraguan invasion. There's little we can do about it, and it is proving to be a burden on our government as people avoid conscription.
Begin the Liberation
It is time! The Hondurans are at their weakest with the fall of the United States, giving us the perfect opportunity to liberate them once and for all.
Eliminate Mercenaries
The mercenaries sent by the UFC meant to weaken our hold on the east must be dealt with immediately.
Free Honduras!
Honduras has long been under a 'Council of Revolutionaries', which has proved to be even more autocratic and dangerous than the previous military regime, and still holds our exiled military. We'll need to spread the revolution to them if we wish to ensure safety for ourselves and Central America.
Home of the Central American Revolution
Nicaragua is the first step of the Central American Revolution, and will try to expand its influence abroad to free the peoples of Central America.
Sequeira's Reforms
One of Sequeira's first actions as president has been to move to help the significant poor population within the country. He has started this with education reforms where he is trying to build local schools and decrease the illiteracy rate within the country.
Sequeira's Reforms
One of Sequeira's first actions of his new presidency has been to move to help the significant poor population within the country. He started this with education reforms where attempts began to build local schools and decrease illiteracy within the country. He has now begun the second part of his reforms. He is trying to allocate government funds and funds from the small upper class to the majority uneducated population.
Lingering American Influence
Despite Sandino's many attempts to throw away the United States influence, it still lingers about as the economy is heavily reliant on the United Fruit Company, that continues to loom over us like a hawk. As long as the United States is watching however, we cannot remove this shackle off our back for good.
Canadian investments
German investments
Moves Towards Autarky
While complete economic independence for Nicaragua is impossible without a true miracle, Sacasa has made minor moves to reduce our economic reliance on the United States and improve both our internal economy as well as our trade with other powers.
Mercenaries Rampant
With the United Fruit Company hiring a group of thugs in Eastern Nicaragua due to our nationalisation of their assets, this new mercenary army has begun to become rampant and causing chaos in the region. The people grow tired of this, and our army is constantly getting distracted by them.
Economic Backfire
The removal of the United Fruit Company from our country has left a very noticeable hole that will need to be filled if we wish to function properly as a country.
Agricultural Reliance
Our economy remains extremely reliant on our exports of agriculture, and will remain that way for the greater good of our nation.
Export Economy
Our economy has completely transitioned to an export based one, with a reliance on foreign powers buying our tropical cash crops that are hard for them to get otherwise. While this rakes in great profits, it could come back to haunt us if those countries should stop buying our products.
Export Profits
Our various exports are beginning to give us many profits.
Strikes
Strikes have begun across the nation in response to the occupation of Nicaragua, resulting in a loss of reputation of the ruling government.
Industrial Assistance for Nicaragua
Military Assistance for Nicaragua
Beginning of the Revolutionary Economy
The government has officially begun the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', where the main goal is to reform the industry, acquire new investors without allowing any to become too powerful, and generally increase the industry within Nicaragua itself. Naturally, the complete separation from the United States has begun to hurt the economy, but we could see an improvement in the long run.
Transition to the Revolutionary Economy
The government has officially begun the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', where the main goal is to reform the industry, acquire new investors without allowing any to become too powerful, and generally increase the industry within Nicaragua itself. Naturally, the complete separation from the United States has begun to hurt the economy, but we could see an improvement in the long run, but the transition itself has begun to go smoothly.
The Revolutionary Economy
The government has finished the 'Revolutionary Economy Project', with it ending rather well. Dependence on one country has been ended and replaced with reliance on several new trade partners. Domestic industry is growing, and the people are happy. The only thing that could harm us is another global economy crash, but that could never happen, right?
Agrarian Reform
We've begun to work on reforming our farming industry, with it making up most of our exports. This should help us and our economy in the long run, along with the people.
Economic Assistance
$OVERLORD$ has sent us economic assistance to help us recover from the occupation of our country.
Assisting Nicaragua
Due to our occupation of Nicaragua, we have sent them some economic aid to help them recover from the war.
Forced Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production is not being easy. We have started to subsidise small farmers that are taking the risk, but most remain sceptical.
Forced Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production is starting to give better results. The recent record profits of the new products have made more farmers willing to make the change.
Successful Diversification
The shift in our agricultural production has given us great results. Our exports have risen in variety, securing us from our previous dependency on fruit exports and our people can now enjoy the new low priced products that our diversification efforts have created.
Beef Profit
Coffee Profit
Sugar Profit
Banana Profit
Sandino's Resistance
With the fall of the previous revolutionary government, Sandino has retreated to the south for a second time and begun to resist the ruling government. He's attracted many to his cause and it is causing large problems for our government.\n§RWe will suffer periodic attacks from the Sandinistas.§!
Reopened Trade
$NIC_reopened_trade_2_desc$ It might take some time for countries to trust investing into us, however.
Reopened Trade
We have begun to revert the previous regimes efforts to close off trade with non-socialist countries, instead opting to refocus on a world-wide trade economy.
Attracting Foreign Companies
Foreign companies have begun to flood back into Nicaragua, wishing to recreate the monopolies they once held. This brings small benefits to us as well, especially in the infrastructure sector.
Expanding the Guardia Nacional
To ensure our country never falls to revolution again, we have begun to expand the Guardia Nacional to defend the nation from itself.
Political Repression
We've begun to put effort into suppressing other political parties, especially those outright dangerous to our government.
Free Press
The government is moving to establishing freedom of press within the country, allowing information to spread more freely compared to the Sandino presidency.
Formal Recruitment
The recent reestablishment of a more traditional recruitment system has also raised the standards for newly trained units.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It is currently small in size but steps can be taken to improve it.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It has been expanded slightly towards a doctrine of offence and conscription, with minor room for improvement.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. Due to Chamorro, it has moved towards a position of defence of the Nicaraguan people, with minor room for improvement.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. It has been expanded slightly towards a doctrine of offence and conscription, along with the responsibility of suppressing resistance if we come to occupy other countries to spread democracy.
The New Guardia Nacional
A new Guardia Nacional has been formed under Cuadra in an attempt to professionalise the military. Due to Chamorro, it has moved towards a defensive doctrine to better protect the Nicaraguan people, along with the responsibility of suppressing resistance if we come to occupy other countries to spread democracy.
Economic Ties
We have begun to establish economic ties with both neighbouring countries and foreign countries.
Foreign Economic Ties
Religious Zeal
Our troops have begun to be indoctrinated to fight in the name of God, inspiring them to try their hardest to free Central America to spread the message to others.
Inspired Youth
The fate of the future lies in the next generation, as they say. We have been trying harder to indoctrinate the youth to love their country and government, which in turn makes them want to serve us.
Transforming our Militia
Guerrilla warfare will not be of great help to quickly liberate our oppressed brothers. So we will have to train our armies to follow a more traditional warfare methods and combine both approaches to bring liberty to Central America.
For the Liberation of Central America
The occupation of Nicaragua by the United States Marines in 1926 ended in disaster as the liberal revolutionary general expelled them and set up his new 'Revolutionary Republic' within Nicaragua. It soon drifted towards a socialist attitude and underwent not insignificant development but it is not without its troubles. The expelling of large amounts of American companies has left a hole in the economy and the entire eastern side of the country is unofficially demilitarised after a stern warning of entering the region from the Americans. With the elections soon will Nicaragua's fate finally be changed?
GFX_NIC_intro
The New Republic of Nicaragua
The American occupation of Nicaragua and reinstallation of Adolfo Díaz effectively made Nicaragua an American puppet state. Fortunately, however, hope was not entirely lost. Liberals across the country rose in armed rebellion to topple the American puppet regime, and eventually succeeded when the fall of the capital forced Adolfo Díaz to flee to America. The new liberal regime however, brought very little change and continued to collaborate with the Americans under former Liberal revolutionary José María Moncada. The creation of a militarised national police force known as the 'National Guard' under Anastasio Somoza García with the help of United States Marines further cemented the continuation of the status quo.\n\nDissatisfied with the direction of the new government, several former liberal revolutionaries such as Juan Bautista Sacasa left the country. Others returned to armed revolt: the young Francisco Sequeira Moreno organised resistance in the north near the border with Honduras, while Augusto César Sandino launched an insurgency in the South. Harried by forces loyal to the regime, Sequeira's northern resistance of 400 men managed to retreat south and join with Sandino and his 300-man regiment. This new consolidated force slowly began to retreat into the southern jungles while gaining expertise in guerrilla warfare.\n\nHowever, this could not last forever. Increasingly desperate, Sandino fled to Mexico by plane in an attempt to elicit foreign support while Sequeira continued the fight. While in Mexico, Sandino met with Emiliano Zapata and the two found not only common ground, but even became fast friends. Further bolstered by materiel support from both the Commune of France and Union of Britain, Zapata personally accompanied Sandino back to Nicaragua along with a small force of Mexican volunteers.\n\nHis position improved, Sandino's domestic support began to grow massively, and his revolutionaries began to fight their way north. Once flagging morale boosted by Sandino's newfound success, Syndicalist protests erupted in the capital, and the approach of the revolutionary army led to the Marines' retreat to the country's east. The Americans judged the situation of the underdeveloped National Guard hopeless and the cost of the Marines continuing to hold the capital prohibitively high. Soon after, the 'Liberals' and their National Guard dogs escaped to Honduras, leaving the capital open to Sandino's final push. Along with this, Sacasa who retreated to Mexico due to his hate of the former government returned to help in the formation of the Revolutionary Government.
§MLiberal Revolution§! ($social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$)\n£white_dot Elect the §lPartido de la Revolución Liberal§! in the elections.\n£white_dot 14 days after failing or completing the mission 'Free Honduras!', an event about the recruitment of Abelardo Cuadra will appear.\n£white_dot When the liberals are demanded to step down, have Sacasa refuse and have Sacasa and the liberals retain power after the clashes at the capital.\n£white_dot Or, follow the same steps as below, have Sacasa head straight for the capital and have the liberals take charge after the clashes at the capital.\n£white_dot A month after completing the focus \
$CEN_pre_guide$
The New Election
The 1936 election will be the second election in Nicaragua's revolutionary republic. The main contenders are Juan Bautista Sacasa, who stands for liberalism, Francisco Sequeira Moreno, who stands for the poor population, and hero of the revolution Augusto César Sandino.
'To Free our People
Sandino's most ravenous supporters, known as the Sandinistas, have been causing trouble for the local population and the other parties. Sandino has begun to make moves to calm this small section of the population to turn them into dignified soldiers willing to die for the revolution rather than Sandino himself.
We Must Protect Ourselves
Sandino has demanded the production of propaganda films to calm the Sandinistas in order to turn them into dignified soldiers willing to die for the revolution rather than Sandino himself.
And Bring the Revolution for Peace'
Sandino, after preparing the army to spread the revolution, has laid out his objectives for the coming struggle. First, he seeks to eliminate the traitors exiled in Honduras, then spread the revolution to the rest of Central America, and finally establish a united Central America. Sandino himself shall lead the army into battle, rallying the people with his spirit.
'Back in the Day, I Couldn't Read
Sequeira's election has allowed him to finally implement his planned reforms for the country. The first thing he wants to fix is the high illiteracy within the country by building schools and hiring teachers to teach the next generation Spanish.
And No Money was Available
With the educational reforms complete, Sequeira has shifted focus to ensuring a more equal distribution of wealth. Preparations are being made to finance several large monetary windfalls for the nation's poorest both through state funding and the seizure of assets from exploitative businesses and individuals.
So I Will Stand for the Common Man'
Sequeira's reforms have calmed many formerly unruly individuals. With the country at last at rest, Sequeira has now declared it 'ready to spread its ideals to other countries as well'.
'The Liberal Mindset
Sacasa has a staunch focus on the original liberal revolution that took place in Nicaragua, and where it failed and succeeded. Sacasa wishes to ensure his ideals remain true through the revolutionary republic and spread it to the rest of Central America.
Can Be Shared with Others
Our reliance on the United States is what forced the liberal revolution to occur in the first place, and must be avoided at all costs. Powers like Germany and Canada could be of potential interest for us if we want to succeed in the long run.
As Long as We Always are Self-Dependent'
While the help from foreigners to achieve our goals is appreciated, another United States situation must be avoided at all costs. Our relations must be diversified in order to avoid reliance on a single power ever again.
Seizing the Countryside
With the United States collapsing in on itself, we can make the previous four years worth it. It's time we reclaim the east of our country in the name of our revolution.
Spread the Revolution
While ensuring our own country is secured is important, the spread of the revolution to other countries like Honduras is needed as well. We must bring them into the fold through words, or with force if needed.
The Liberal Revolution
Sandino and his band of common thugs have been turned out, and in its place stands a regime which promises not only to return our nation to economic prosperity, but also work to build a truly democratic form of government.
Collaborate with the Exiles
Those who were forced out by Sandino need no longer endure the shame of exile. We must work to establish a relationship to either bring them back or capitalise on their ties to their current nations of residence.
Removing the Cult of Personality
Sandino has subverted our national institutions to his personal will and established in the minds of many a cult-like devotion through populist emotional appeals. We must fight against this most insidious legacy of his rule.
A New Bastion of Democracy
Once written off by those who bear liberty's cross as lost forever to the tyranny of socialism, Nicaragua has emerged anew. Like a phoenix reborn, let us spread our wings and bask not in the light of other nations, but forge our own destiny. Let us truly become a bastion of democracy; a nation for the people, by the people.
Friends to the South
To our south lies Costa Rica, who is seen as one of the last hopes of true Central American democracy. Today, we join their ranks as we can hope to liberate the rest of Central America with their full support.
A New International Standing
With our new form and socialism being removed from the republic once and for all, it's up to us to find new friends abroad. Our main options include the new prominent power following America's collapse, Canada, and the current world hegemony Germany.
A Proper Military
Sandino's influence on the military continues to burden our efforts at reform. The military must be reorganised with both new personnel and a new doctrine.
The New National Guard
The new National Guard will serve as the true guardian to the power, and not stand in their way like those before it. Although its current form is far from perfect, it works as the first step to our new destiny.
Rebuilding the Academy
Sandino's Revolutionary Guerrilla Army directly encouraged the people to forget advanced tactics and stick to fighting in the rough and dirty. We have higher standards then this, and this must be represented through a renovation of the academy itself.
Ending Political Influence
The military holding political influence is what caused the Guardia to be so felt during the United States occupation. To prevent this from ever happening again we will have to limit the military's involvement within state affairs.
Resolving the High Command
Our initial reorganisation of the military has left the high command struggling to adapt. With the Guardia re-established and thus our regime's continued existence secured, we should make whatever changes necessary to resolve the issues which plague the high command.
Removing Military Divides
Currently, our general staff is highly torn between conservative figure Chamorro and Cuadra. This matter must be put to rest in order for progress to continue.
A Modern Force
With the consolidation of the high command, the military removed from political power, and the army steadily growing in size, we can consider ourselves to have the beginning of a truly modern force.
Establishing a Recruitment Standard
The decentralised system of conscription employed by Sandino to bolster his revolutionary forces was shockingly effective. By hybridising this with a more traditional recruitment system, we can go even further.
Freeing the Press
While the revolutionaries promised freedom, to those in the press, they brought anything but. The press was barred from most forms of dissent and while it was not subjected to the same degree of suppression as in other authoritarian and socialist states, it was nonetheless problematic. Let us fully reopen to media criticism and even enshrine the freedom of the press in law.
Shifting the Economy
Sandino's push towards economic distribution and reliance on the farmer populace must be moved away from, and instead refocus on exports to partners around the world.
The Socialist Revolution
The socialists have taken total control of the country. Nicaragua is now set firmly on the path of strict socialism without the threat of resurgent liberalism!
The New Coalition
New norms must be established, such as conditions for new elections, and under in form those elections should take place. The revolution, after all, could be easily subverted by the consolidation of power in the executive.
Arming the Youth
Oppressed and oppressor, young and old - the young have always been the greatest force for political change, struggling to throw off the shackles of the past. Should the revolution ever be secure, a rifle must hang from the mantle of all our nation's youth.
A Force for Offence
After our defeats early on war, our army took to guerrilla warfare to fight the invaders. While working effectively in our on land, this will simply not be enough to liberate our Central American brethren, as such, we will work with General Colíndres and other fellow revolutionaries from Mexico to teach our army the ways of traditional war.
Inspiring the Armies
Many citizens view our leaders with reverence, and on that basis wish to fight for our nation. Why should we stop them? Let the army grow.
The Revolutionary Guerrilla Academy
The Revolutionary Guerrilla Academy was founded by Sandino and his high command some time after the American marines left. We should now expand it further to increase the knowledge of the Nicaraguan people on the topic of military matters and research.
Defending the East
To the east, those lands where the Yankee imperialists wish us not tread, dense jungle limits the combat effectiveness of a traditionally trained military. Let our people's knowledge of this environment be integrated fully into our doctrine so that the east, and lands like it beyond our borders, may fully become the domain of our brave soldiers.
Religious Zeal
Socialism must paradoxically be understood and practised with a zeal comparable to that of a religious fanatic to be truly sensible. We must target our propaganda carefully to promote such an ethos among the people.
Moving the Military Budget
Our unique political situation has necessitated that military funding be limited in order to handle a variety of pressing issues. Now that we are able, let us wait no longer to fully restore funding to the armed forces.
Removing the Imperialist Foreigners
With the complete expulsion of foreign threat, our next move remains in ensuring that we are properly mobilised to deal with the northern threats.
Arming the Militias
Our largely militia-based army is in constant need of weaponry, and our country is lacking in that department. As leftovers from the American occupation run low, we'll have to rely on the Sandinistas to scavenge for more to use.
Socialist Ties
Our ties with other countries will be critical in the founding of a united Central America, so good relations are a necessity.
Assisting the Americans
Despite our rivalry, a socialist aligned America would be much better than returning under the boot of an imperialist one.
Preparing the Liberation
The time has come for the people of Central America to stand up as one and throw off the chains of economic exploitation across the region. Through diplomacy or conflict, the liberation is at hand.
Distributing Foreign Wealth
The ill-gotten gains repatriated from the United Fruit Company and other imperialist endeavours have sat in state treasuries in anticipation of conflict. With the political situation calming at last, let us liquidate these holdings and distribute the profits directly to the people.
The Second Occupation
With the invasion from foreigners, Nicaragua has entered a second occupation. To the south lies the threat of Sandino, and to the north we have our overlords we must obey to ensure we survive against him.
Crushing Resistance
Sandino's southern resistance is still relatively new, and getting the early foot on them is necessary for our eventual triumph over them.
Assistance to the End
Our overlord is interested in ensuring we remain stable, or at least we think they are. Regardless, petitioning for help is our best move in finishing off Sandino.
Summon National Guard Reserves
The Guardia Nacional has had time to get itself ready, and is now prepared to be fully deployed against the threat of Sandino.
Ending Sandino Once and for All
With our preparations ready, it's time we put the coffin on this crazed revolutionary once and for all. We can only hope it goes well...
Relations with our Friends
With the ending of socialism, it only makes sense we try to restore those bonds previously lost.
Promoting the UFC
The United Fruit Company has taken a blow with the outbreak of the American Civil War, but it is still highly important to our stability and the nature of Central America itself. Ensuring good footing with them will help us in the long run.
Ending the Cult
With Sandino still seen as a hero to a large number of Nicaraguans, we must focus our efforts into expelling that line of thought.
Preparing our Next Move
With our preparations ready, we're left with a lot of choices on where to head next. We need to consider this carefully, as making the wrong move could put us on the bad side of our overlords...
Our Independence
With Sandino out of the picture, we can begun preparing elections to legitimise our rule.
Expanding the National Guard
Expanding the Guardia will be necessary to ensuring our demands are met, to show that we are not to be messed with whether they like it or not.
Expanding our Imports
Increasing our ties with others could possibly get them to assist us in our economic growth.
Tighten our Hold
Nicaragua was brought to ruins by the socialist and liberals of Sacasa after our failure to stop the revolution all those years ago. With the Guardia rebuild, the economy growing and Somoza in control, we will do the necessary to never let our opposition have the opportunity to do so again.
Removing the Term Limit
The term limit serves to hamper the position of the president and his plans, and must be removed immediately to ensure the stability of the state.
Ban the Opposition
Other political parties serve to weaken our grip on power along with our grip on the people. They must all be banned and expelled, whether through force or peace.
From the Ground Up
Suffering under the American occupation and constant crisis, our nation remained one of the poorest in Latin America. When the revolution finally through off the Yankee yoke, our exports grew smaller still. We need to rebuild our economy, else our country will fall behind even faster, and with how sorry it is now, that reconstruction must be comprehensive.
The Revolutionary Economy
The new 'Revolutionary Economic Plan' seeks to revitalise the economy both by subsidising domestic consumption of goods which augment productivity and fostering commercial ties throughout the world.
Use What We Have
Our new revitalisation policy is very ambitious and we presently lack the resources to fully introduce it. Thus, efficiency is now key perhaps, should imperialists attempt to take advantage of our economic weakness, to the very survival of our nation.
Outside Investment
A cornerstone of our economic policy is to promote foreign investment, and indeed it is vital to the success of our efforts, but we will not let foreign investors control our country as the Americans had tried. We will cooperate with fellow revolutionaries who only hold the most noble of intentions.
Navigate the East
Due to Matagalpa's hilly terrain, often also covered by jungle, the region has wallowed in underdevelopment. To truly be revitalised, all of our nations productive capacity must be harnessed. To accomplish that, we need to focus primarily in the regions which need investment the most.
Moving from Fruit
The United Fruit Company has exploited our nation unfairly, preferring to enrich itself and the United States while leaving our people with naught. Despite our government's effort to reduce their economic influence, their legacy lives in our fruit-dominated economy. We need to diversify our production so that we can avoid renewed foreign domination of our economy and country.
The New Market
With the lingering economic legacy of the American-imposed plantation economy dealt with, a plethora of alternative agricultural products are proliferating rapidly. With our access to international markets already secured, we must now focus on shifting demand abroad. Already, revitalisation policy has been a success and our nation's future has been secured!
Agrarian Reform
While our revolutionary economic agenda has achieved much, farmland is still unequally distributed and many farmers toil as little more than tenants. Let us finally end this most flagrant legacy of American economic imperialism forever. Every Nicaraguan farmer will own the land that he works on.
Expand Economic Funding
Our initial economic goals have been achieved, but we cannot turn our attention away from the economy. We must now closely monitor emerging economic issues and respond accordingly with both policy and subsidies. Only with such sound economic governance will our people continue to enjoy a rising standard of living.
Jack of all Trades
The Great Depression and Black Monday have shown beyond a doubt that economic ruin can rear its ugly head on but a whim. On account of our reliance on fruit exports, our economy is even more vulnerable than most to such disastrous economic cycles. We must diversify!
Beef!
Beef, once the food of the rich, is becoming more and more accessible to the normal citizen. We can strengthen our economy, and prevent the destruction of our agriculture by a bad harvest by investing more into livestock.
Coffee!
The British Empire had introduced tea around the globe, but tea has a viable competitor. Coffee, a popular drink since time immemorial, also grows well in Nicaragua, and demand for it is only increasing. Our nation will greatly profit if we increase our coffee production.
Sugar!
Sugar, much like beef, is becoming increasingly accessible to the ordinary people the world over. In contrast to this rising demand, sugar can only be grown in subtropical and tropical climates. Nicaragua is perfectly suited for intensive production of sugar.
Bananas!
Thanks to the exploitative practices of the past, much like some American slapstick cartoon, the residual effects of the banana has left our nation flat on its behind. A large portion of our agriculture is still based on the banana, and while some would suggest abandoning the crop entirely, we know better. We should further invest into the intensive production of this tasty fruit while ensuring that its cultivation benefits our nation.
Keep the Status Quo
There is nothing wrong with the current system! In exchange for tax breaks and plantation privileges, the foreign investors improve our infrastructure and aid the development of our nation. If anything, we should work more closely with these beneficial interests.
Rely on Those Close
Sandino's revolutionary regime has severely reduced foreign investment in our nation, particularly in the all-important agricultural sector. We must now begin to rekindle our ties to American business interests forged during the occupation. Through cooperation, foreign capital will again enrich our nation.
Stick to the Tradition
Since our independence, our economy has been completely dominated by the agricultural sector. Instead of attempting to recreate the Rhineland in Nicaragua, we should double down on this tradition of agriculture.
Develop Pesticide
Besides bad weather and diseases, one of the largest enemies of agriculture are various animals which can destroy entire harvests in the matter of a few hours. However, we are on the verge of victory in this centuries old battle, as we gained a new, powerful weapon: pesticides!
Stick with the Cash Crop
Our reliance on agriculture, particularly fruit, has reinforced the economic necessity of international trade. In order to augment our exports, we should assess fruit production for means to encourage productivity.
Cash Crop Profits
Despite the ever-looming danger of another world war, we are able to export more and more cash crops to markets all over the world. Our profits have steadily increased, and our country has regained the path towards prosperity.
The World Market
Nicaragua with its small population can hardly sustain levels of consumption necessary for economic prosperity. The wider world however, is huge with an enormous population and demand for our products. By fully opening up to the world market, we can finally refocus our economy on exports, for they bring in the most profits.
Foreign Reliance
Exports beget a reliance on foreign powers, and with foreign powers we aren't talking about Honduras. Our largest trade partners are the global superpowers, be it the US, Germany or even Japan. Surely, we will be able to forever export our products to these nations and nothing, really nothing, will come in the way of our shipments.
Create the Central Nicaragua University
Our economy has strengthened, and our budget can now finally support the construction and maintenance of a proper, Nicaraguan university. By concentrating the smartest minds of Nicaragua in this new establishment, the entire nation will be able to profit from their knowledge and breakthroughs.
Augusto César Sandino
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1895, in Niquinohomo, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSandino's emergence as a minor guerrilla leader fighting in the 1926 Liberal Revolution was completely unexpected, with his presence not really being noted until the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro, which he disagreed with. Beginning with a small guerrilla force of 300 fighting in the south, he intensely fought in the jungles, slowly weakening the United States Marines. However, he kept being pushed further and further south until he was forced to leave his force with Francisco Sequeira Moreno and retreat to Mexico. There, he met with socialist leaders such as Zapata and became known in the international community. He also became a member of the EMECU, a spiritualist organisation which believed in the founding of a universal commune under god. Returning to Nicaragua in 1931 with Zapata coming along, many rallied to his side and his forces grew bigger than ever, until he and his men managed to liberate Managua in January of 1932, forcing the United States to retreat. Now slowly gaining a mass following, his presidency is loved by many with some even going as far as to create groups in his name to promote him and his rule.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1895, in Niquinohomo, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAugusto Nicolás Calderón Sandino lacks any formal sort of military training, but his exploits throughout his life have made him a legendary figure in Nicaragua and Central America as whole. First, he tried to join the Guerra Constitucionalista on the side of the liberals, but José María Moncada, Chief of the Nicaraguan Atlantic Liberal Army at the time, refused to allow Sandino to serve. Sandino then gathered a group that came to be known as the 'Montañeses' and successfully attacked El Jícaro in November 1926. This victory granted him great renown and he was finally accepted by the Liberals, and would go on to become one of the national figures of the uprising. However, the Liberal victory in the war was short-lived, and with Moncada's betrayal, Sandino took up arms once again, this time leading a 300 men strong regiment in the south. The constant skirmishes since then and technical support from foreign Latin American figthers have greatly improved his military ability, and right now stands as one of the most experienced fighters in Nicaragua.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Frente de Soberanía Nacional.§!
Francisco Sequeira Moreno
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1903, in Somotillo, Department of Chinandega, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFrancisco Sequeira Moreno was born into a poor family like much of the families of Nicaragua, and has spent the majority of his life illiterate. Following the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro between the 'Liberal' revolutionaries and the United States, he emerged as a guerrilla leader fighting within the north of Nicaragua. Him and his regiment of 400 men killed many, but were forced to retreat south and fight on with Sandino. While Sandino was in Mexico, he bravely fought in the south against the United States occupation until Sandino returned, and became one of the leaders in the push northward and the eventual liberation of Managua. Once the revolution ended, he ended up forming his own party known as the 'Partido Campesino de Nicaragua', focused on rights for the lower class and improving the education system. While also learning how to read starting in 1932 (Something he still struggles with), he is an adored individual among many of the Nicaraguan lower class.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1903, in Somotillo, Department of Chinandega, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDespite not having any form of military training, Sequeira took part in the Guerra Constitucionalista. He first was forced to join the conservative army fighting the liberals, where he displayed some talent to lead troops into combat, but after refusing to take part in the execution of civilians, he escaped to the liberal forces. In the liberals, he became the leader of the Columna Occidental, and quickly opposed Moncada after the Liberal victory when he asked for disarmament of the liberal forces. He has since then opposed the American occupation of Nicaragua, and after linking up with Sandino's forces, managed to hold out in the south while Sandino gathered support in Mexico and then took part in the offensive to take part in the Western part of the country.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Partido Campesino de Nicaragua.§!
Juan Bautista Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1874, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJuan Bautista Sacasa was Vice-President of former president Carlos José Solórzano until he was overthrown in a coup by former president Emiliano Chamorro Vargas. After Adolfo Díaz rebelled, he was sworn in as president by Liberal revolutionaries in the south led by José María Moncada Tapia and assisted in the liberation of Managua. However, after the signing of the Pact of Espino Negro, he stepped down as president due to his disliking of United States influence and went back to exile in Mexico. Serving mainly as an observer in Sandino's revolution, he decided to return to Nicaragua around the same time as Sandino and was present for the liberation of Managua. With him and Sandino finding themselves agreeing on basic principles, Sacasa was able to form his own party known as the 'Partido de la Revolución Liberal'. Mainly supported by those who prefer traditional democracy compared to Socialist and the small higher class, he has surprisingly managed to gain a decent base of support and some dedicated followers of his cause.§!
Emiliano Chamorro Vargas
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1871, in Acoyapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LServing as President from 1917-1921, Chamorro is a military man with an extremely controversial reputation. Initially supported by the United States in his first presidency and helping to negotiate a treaty that allowed the United States to build a canal through Nicaragua. His presidency was largely looked over besides succeeding to pay off a significant portion of Nicaragua's debts. However, despite his efforts, he failed to win the presidency in 1923. Following the 1926 election of Carlos José Solórzano, he couped the government, setting off the chain of events that led to Sandino's government. For this, some credit him as the beginning of the revolution while others discredit him as power hungry. All that matters now however is that his dream of returning to the presidency has finally come true.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1871, in Acoyapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEmiliano Chamorro Vargas never really received formal military instruction, however this politician became General during the Guerra Constitucionalista against the Liberal forces. Despite his defeat at the Constutionalist war, Chamorro has improved his organisational skills with time, and while he has still a long way to go from becoming a hardened officer, he's still a reliable commander in battle.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Conservative Party of Nicaragua.§!
Anastasio Somoza García
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1896, in San Marcos, Department of Carazo, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSomoza started a humble life in Nicaragua like many others, gaining the rare opportunity to go to business school in Philadelphia, and there he married his future wife Salvadora Debayle Sacasa, niece of Juan Bautista Sacasa. From there he was able to work his way up the ladder until the liberal revolution in 1926. Unremarkable overall in battle, his real attention getter was his excellent English from America itself, working as the broker of peace between the liberal rebels and Americans. From there he managed to get further relations with the Americans, joining the newly formed Guardia Nacional until just before the expulsion of the Americans, he was named head of the organisation. However, once Sandino reached the capital, he was forced to retreat to Honduras who accepted him and the leftover of the Guardia with open arms. To his dismay, Juan Bautista Sacasa due to joining the Sandino regime forced his wife to divorce him. Wishing to reclaim his homeland and his wife, he has finally succeeded in his goals.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1896, in San Marcos, Department of Carazo, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Francisco Estrada Pérez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 1st, 1894, in Nagarote, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Santos López
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1914, in Yalagüina, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Abelardo Cuadra
§YBorn:§! §L1904, in Granada, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAbelardo started to study to become a lawyer when the Guerra Constitucionalista started. He volunteered to join the Conservative forces and was under the command of Carlos Chamorro, the brother of Emiliano, and later of General Adán Vélez. However, the young soldier was only fighting for profit, and when assisting the party proved to be an unprofitable endeavour, he joined the Guardia Nacional and became a teacher in the Military Academy of Nicaragua. He was later recalled by the American intervention troops to assist them against Sandino, and he has since then become a well-known mercenary in the region.§!
Francisco Parajón Montealegre
§YBorn:§! §Lin Telica, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Federico Davidson Blanco
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Pedro Zepeda
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 19th, 1889, in Granada, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Miguel Ángel Ortez
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1906, in Mozonte, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José Román Orozco
§YBorn:§! §L1906, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Hernán Robleto Huete
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1892, in Camoapa, Department of Chontales, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Guillermo Sevilla Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1908, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Andrés Vega Bolaños
§YBorn:§! §LJune 30th, 1890, in the Republic of Nicaragua§!
León DeBayle Sacasa
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1902, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Ana Salvadora Debayle
§YBorn:§! §LMay 27th, 1895, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Carlos Alberto Brenes Jarquín
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 2nd, 1884, in Masaya, Department of Managua, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Ramón Avilés
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1886, in Masaya, Department of Masaya, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Leonardo Argüello
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1875, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Gustavo Abaunza
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1875, in Masaya, Department of Granada, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Pedro Altamirano
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in San Rafael del Norte, Department of Matagalpa, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Carlos Manuel Salgado
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Somoto, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
José León Díaz
§YBorn:§! §L1883, in Poloros, Department of La Unión, Republic of El Salvador§!
Juan Pablo Umanzor
§YBorn:§! §L1901, in Las Manos, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Gregorio Colíndres
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Murra, Department of Nueva Segovia, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Coronado Maradiaga
§YBorn:§! §Lin Yuscarán, Department of El Paraíso, Republic of Honduras§!
Carlos Castro Wassmer
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in León, Department of León, Republic of Nicaragua§!
Celestino Zeledon
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
Juan Escamilla
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in the United Mexican States§!
Augusto Caldera
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1872, in the Republic of Nicaragua§!
Ramón Telles
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Republic of Nicaragua§!
