Sarat Chandra Bose
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1889, in Cuttack, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Muzaffar Ahmad
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 5th, 1889, in Sandwip, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Abdul Hamid Khan Bhashan
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1880, in Sirajganj, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 8th, 1892, in Midnapore, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Khawaja Nazimuddin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1894, in Dacca, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Abdul Waheed Choudhury
§YBorn:§! §L1914, in Dariyapur, Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, British India§!
Bengal
Bengali
the Free State of Bengal
the Workers' Republic of Bengal
the Workers' Republic of Bengal
the Workers' Republic of Bengal
Bangladesh
Bangladeshi
the Republic of Bangladesh
the Workers' Republic of Bangladesh
the Workers' Republic of Bangladesh
the Workers' Republic of Bangladesh
Socialist Republican Party
SRP
Communist Party of Bengal
CPB
Communist Party of Bengal
CPB
Communist Party of Bangladesh
CPB
Communist Party of Bangladesh
CPB
Awami League (Radicals)
Awami League (Radicals)
Awami League (Moderates)
Awami League (Moderates)
Bengal Muslim Alliance (Reformist)
BMA (Reformist)
Bengal Muslim Alliance (Conservative)
BMA (Conservative)
Bengal Muslim Alliance (Hardliner)
BMA (Hardliner)
Bengal Army
Bengal Army
Bengal Army (Extremists)
Bengal Army (Extremists)
Bangladesh Army
Bangladesh Army
Bangladesh Army (Extremists)
Bangladesh Army (Extremists)
Bengal Focus Tree
Scion of the Revolution
Unity of the Workers
Refitting the Republic's Constitution
Abandonment of Gandhism
Upholding the Rebel Legacy
The Republic of the People
Compulsory Mother Tongue Education
Subsidise Rice Cooperatives
Judicial-Executive Separation Act
Universal Adult Suffrage
The Fight Against Corruption
The Sensible Approach
Civil Service Pay Rationalisation
Prioritising Agricultural Exports
Foundations of a New Constitution
Electoral Reform Act
Nation of Steel
Fund University of Dacca Expansion
Recovery From Socialism
Defence of Public Order Decree
Furthering Militarisation of Society
Crackdown on Socialist Remnants
Begin Economic Privatisation
A Composite Bengal
Reserved Seats for Hindus
The Shared Ministry
Scheduled Caste Protections
Never Another Partition
Guaranteeing Muslim Supremacy
Prioritise Muslim Officers
Erosion of Secularism
Disenfranchise Hindu Voters
Autonomy for the Seven Sisters
Bangla Language Law
Wealth of the Northeast
The Second Partition
Resettling Indian Refugees
Growth of Dacca
Replacing Lost Industry
Chittagong Steel Mills
Economic Protection Act
A Secular Constitution
Officialisation of Islam
In War, In Peace
Specialise Our Doctrines
Rifle Recovery Efforts
Reorganising the Bengal Regiment
Protectors of the Nation
Strengthen the Artillery Corp
Expand the Pioneers
Tigers of the Jungle
The Free Skies of Bengal
Developing Dacca Airfields
Purchasing Old Bombers
Air-Land Cooperation
Invincible at Sea
Defending the Bay
Creating BNS Chittagong
Sundarbans Fortifications
Continuing the Revolution
Rice Cooperatives
The People's Republic
Bengali Conservatism
Prioritising Agricultural Exports
The Strongest Authority
Economic Privatisation
One Nation, Two Peoples
Islamic Dominance
Minority Autonomy
Our Only Tongue
Amar Sonar Bangla
Ever High is my Head
Skies of Bengal
Invincible at Sea
Bolivia Focus Tree
Bolivia
Bolivian
Bolivia
Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
the Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
the Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
the Federated Syndicates of Bolivia
Bernardino Bilbao Rioja
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1895, in Arampampa, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBernardino entered the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito' when he was 17, earning a scholarship for the Military Academy in Chile, where he graduated as an Infantry second lieutenant in 1918, and became a pilot in 1919. In 1926, already with the rank of Major, he founded the 'Escuela de Aviación de Bolivia', becoming a pioneer in Bolivian aviation. He became a national hero during the Chaco war, standing out for his bravery and excellent organisation skills. However, the defeat against the Paraguayans have drastically changed Bilbao Rojas political stance, leading him to join the Razón de Patria. Now that he's in power, he'll try to centralise power under himself and reinforce the army with the goal of reclaiming Bolivia's lost glory, whatever the cost may be.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 20th, 1895, in Arampampa, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBernardino Bilbao Rioja joined the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito' in 1912, where he was given a scholarship and sent to the Chilean officer school. He would go onto graduate as an artillery second-lieutenant in 1918 and also received training as a Pilot in 1919. By 1926 he reached the rank of Major and went onto creating and organising the 'Escuela Militar de Aviación', becoming a flight instructor as well as becoming one of the pioneers of Bolivian aviation. In 1932, he was sent as part of a military attaché to Argentina but was quickly recalled as soon as the Chaco War began. When he arrived back he was named General Inspector of the Bolivian Air Force and military transportation. He took part in the fierce battles at Cañada Strongest, Kilómetro Siete, the retaking of Alihuatá and the defence of Vallamontes, where he stood out for his bravery and excellent organisation skills.§!\n\n§YNotes: After travelling through Europe, he now member the ultranationalist Razón de Patria.§!
Germán Busch Becerra
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1903, in the Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGermán Busch Becerra's exact place of birth is currently unknown as he has not been open about it with his colleagues and associates. He entered the 'Colegio Militar de la Nación' in 1922, where he graduated in 1927 as second lieutenant, and steadily rose through the ranks until becoming captain just before the Chaco War. During the Chaco War, he was rewarded several times for bravery and is seen as a Bolivian war hero. With the defeat at the Chaco War, Busch allied himself with David Toro, and both couped the liberal government by Salamanca in 1934 with huge support from the army and the populace in general. Since then, Busch has been pushing reforms that have slowly but steadily improved the Bolivian situation, and the general populace holds him on high regard. However, Busch was never prepared to be a politician, and it remains unclear if he'd like to continue as President, or will finally call for elections once the situation normalises.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1903, in the Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGermán Busch Becerra entered the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito in 1922, and graduated as a cavalry second lieutenant in 1927. He was promoted to Lieutenant right before the Chaco War. He took part in the Battle of Boqueron, where he was forced to retreat after failing to relieve the garrison at fort Boqueron in one of the bloodiest battles of the Chaco War. Despite this, he was promoted to Captain of the 5th Cavalry regiment, where he was decorated for his bravery with the 'Orden del Condor de los Andes' medal. He'd later join other disgruntled army generals and overthrow the Salamanca government, dedicating to politics since then. Despite becoming a Bolivian national hero, the Chaco war has left Germán emotionally scarred, with sources close to his family revealing that he's dealing with a severe case of depression.§!\n\n§YNotes: Leader of the Junta de Salvación Nacional.§!
Carlos Quintanilla Quiroga
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1888, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Quintanilla Quiroga graduated as Bachelor of Science and Literature from the 'Universidad de San Simon de Cochabamba' in 1903 and would enter the Military Academy right after, graduating as a second-lieutenant in 1907. A Chaco War veteran, he has been designated military governor of Bolivia. While he is respected inside the army, it remains to be seen if he can effectively pacify Bolivia and bring it back from the brink of collapse.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 22nd, 1888, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos Quintanilla Quiroga graduated from the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito' as a second-lieutenant in 1907. He was sent to Germany as a military attaché during the Weltkrieg, undertaking several military courses in the German Kriegsakademie. He'd return to Bolivia and reach the rank of commander before the outbreak of the Chaco War where he became Chief of Staff after Filiberto Osorio's resignation. However, Quintanilla would eventually be responsible for the Bolivian defeat at the Battle of Boquerón, in which he ignored signs of an imminent Paraguayan attack as well as failing to make any significant strategic decisions that could've turned the tide of the battle. After the fall of Boqueron, he regrouped with other members of Bolivian high command to discuss their next move. The meeting ended after a heated exchange between Quintanilla and Bilbao Rioja where Rioja ended up pulling out his pistol and aiming at Quintanilla, sparking a rivalry between these two officers.§!
Demetrio Canelas Canelas
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1881, in San Benito, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter deciding to choose a legal career Demetrio Canelas entered and successfully graduated from the Higher University of San Andrés, where he later became a professor. In 1914 he joined the newly formed Republican Party and in 1920 he chose the more conservative wing under the leadership of Daniel Salamanca, becoming a member of the Genuine Republican Party. In the 1920s Canelas became involved in the organisation of the newspaper La Patria in Oruro, as well as being a writer and journalist. When Salamanca was finally elected as president, he occupied various ministerial posts in his government. After the Busch coup and Daniel Salamanca's death in 1935, he took his place as leader of the weakened Genuine Republican Party and under his guidance one of the \
Mamerto Urriolagoitia Harriague
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1895, in Sucre, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMamerto Urriolagoitia Harriague graduated from the 'Universidad Mayor de San Francisco Xavier' as a lawyer in 1916, joining the PRG during his time in college. In 1917 he was sent to London and later to Canada as the Bolivian ambassador. He returned in 1937 and had occupied the role of senator before the elections. Urrutio is bound to continue the PRG's policies, keep a close contact with the Catholic church in order to secure his legitimacy and try to attract foreign investment.§!
Enrique Hertzog
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 10th, 1897, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Enrique Hertzog Garaizábal graduated as a physician from the 'Universidad Mayor de San Andres' in 1921. He'd join the 'Partido Republicano Genuino', led by Daniel Salamanca, and rose through the ranks until becoming War Minister during the Chaco War. Now that Hertzog is President, he'll try to revert back the policies that Busch Becerra made to the unpopular policies Salamanca tried, and try to improve the Bolivian situation from there.§!
Tomás Manuel Elío
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 25th, 1886, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LShortly after graduating as a lawyer from the Higher University of San Andrés, Tomás Elío joined the then dominant Liberal Party. In 1913 he was one of the co-founders of the Radical Party, a group of young progressive liberals, led by Franz Tamayo Solares and until 1920 fiercely opposed the stagnation of the ruling party and promoted social reforms. After the coup d'état of the Republican Party, the group split up and Elío and his supporters returned to the Liberal Party. During the 1920s he worked at the university and returned to active politics in 1928, becoming a deputy from La Paz and a year later Minister of Finance. During the government of Daniel Salamanca, Tomás Manuel Elío became one of the party's main figures and, following the death of long-time Liberal leader Ismael Montes, was appointed to replace him in the hope his progressive views could bring the party back to the top nearly two decades after the last Liberal president.§!
Simon Iturri Patiño
§YBorn:§! §LJune 1st, 1860, in Santiváñez, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Alcides Arguedas
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 15th, 1879, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlcides Arguedas Díaz began studying law and political science in the 'Universidad Mayor de San Andrés' in 1904, and would later move to Paris to study sociology. On his return to Bolivia, he joined the Partido Liberal, where he climbed through the party ranks until being chosen as deputy in 1916 and ambassador to Colombia in 1929, where he was fired for criticising President Hernando Siles, and his criticism of the following governments led him to be exiled and even slapped by President Busch-Becerra in 1936. Thanks to the Partido Liberal's influence, he was able to return to Bolivia for the 1942 elections. He is a prolific writer, making several books and essays regarding the harsh Bolivian reality, and now that he has become President, he'll try to liberalise the inefficient Bolivian bureaucracy and help the common citizen have a better standard of living. However, the mining companies hold great influence on his party, and he may be forced to make concessions to said companies...§!
Gabriel Gosálvez Tejada
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1899, in Yungas, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LShortly after his birth in the rainy Andean foothills, his family moved to La Plaza. After high school, where he earned the nickname Gabicho, he enrolled at the Higher University of San Andrés and graduated with a degree in economics in 1923. At the same time, he participated in the founding of the radical leftist newspaper El Hombre Libre, and then several other newspapers in the governmental La Plaza. As a member of Bautista Saavedra's Republican Party, he was chosen as personal secretary to his successor Felipe Segundo Guzmán and retained this position even under the next president, Hernando Siles. In 1928 he was appointed counsellor to the ambassador in Argentina, and two years later he was named consul to Europe. With the outbreak of the Chaco War, Gabriel Gosálvez took an active role in restructuring the Republican Party and transforming it into the Socialist Republican Party and soon became the second most influential person after Saavedra. After Busch's coup and Bautista's deportation, Gosálvez led a splinter faction of so-called \
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1899, in Yungas, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Enrique Peñaranda Castillo
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 15th, 1892, in Chuchulaya, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEnrique Peñaranda del Castillo graduated from the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito' in 1910 as a second-lieutenant, and slowly rose through the ranks until becoming Colonel in 1932. He took part in the failed relief effort during the Battle of Boquerón, later becoming commander of the Bolivian 4th Army, proceeding to organise the retreat towards Saavedra. He would later lead the relief effort to another encirclement during the Second Battle of Alihuatá, near Campo Vía. Despite the crushing defeat at the hands of the Paraguayan Army, Peñarada managed to evacuate the encircled troops. This lead to him becoming a popular figure nationwide as a hero and led to his promotion to the position of Chief of the Bolivian Army, a post he kept until 1934. With his defeat at the battle of El Carmen, President Salamanca decided to remove him from his post, a move that eventually led to the Junta de Salvacion Nacional's coup d'etat.§!
Enrique Baldivieso Aparicio
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1902, in Tupiza, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhile he was a student, Enrique Baldivieso led several student groups criticising the backward practices and policies of the Liberal Party and became a prominent youth leader. At the beginning of Hernando Siles' government, he became part of his inner circle and was one of the key people in the creation of the National Union Party, much more commonly known simply as the Nationalist Party. Leading the radical youth wing there Baldivieso unsuccessfully tried to draw the president's attention to his anti-liberal and anti-capitalist programme, which was close to socialism. After the fall of Siles and the rise of the conservative government of Daniel Salamanca, Baldivieso, who had initially supported the war in the Chaco, stood in opposition to the government after the Bolivian army was defeated and soon transformed the Nationalist Party into the United Socialist Party, thus attracting the burgeoning socialist movement. Supporting Busch's coup, Baldivieso became one of his trusted ministers and now, elected to the presidency, is ready to implement his programme.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 15th, 1902, in Tupiza, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Carlos Montenegro Quiroga
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1903, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMontenegro was born into a wealthy family - his father was a local politician, policeman and writer and his mother was the daughter of wealthy landowners - and was the second child out of five. After a few years, the family finances quickly dwindled due to debts, but Carlos Montenegro was able to receive a law degree at the Higher University of San Simón in 1925. Even before that, starting at the age of 18, Montenegro entered journalism, beginning with publications in the avant-garde magazine Arte y Trabajo, where he promoted anarchist and anti-clerical propaganda, even getting an excommunication from the bishop of Cochabamba. In 1926 he joined the Nationalist Party, a move for which he was criticised by the Bolivian University Federation. During the Chaco War, Montenegro was conscripted into the army, but not to the front lines, but as a propagandist, and rose to the rank of propaganda inspector of the General Staff. There he met the war correspondent Augusto Céspedes, with whom he shared anti-liberal and socialist ideas, and even married his sister Yolanda. After the Busch coup, Montenegro joined the United Socialist Party and founded the newspaper La Calle along with Céspedes, which quickly became the main socialist and nationalist publication in the country.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 26th, 1903, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Victor Paz Estenssoro
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1907, in Tarija, Tarija Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn his youth Víctor Ángel Paz Estenssoro planned to study civil engineering, but since that career wasn't available in Bolivian universities, he ended up choosing to study law at the 'Universidad Mayor de San Andrés', where he graduated as a lawyer in 1927, with just twenty years. When the Chaco War, Paz enlisted in the army, reaching the rank of sergeant a few months of having volunteered. During the war, he read the 'ABC of Communism' by Bukharin and 'The Burning Question of Trade Unionism' by De Leon, which influenced Víctor towards syndicalist-leaning ideals. When the war ended, Paz served as a lawyer for a year for 'Patiño Mines', owned by the Tin King Patiño himself, where he witnessed the extent of the mining companies influence in Bolivian affairs. Outraged, he joined the newly formed 'Partido Socialista Unificado', trying to rally political moderates that wish to end the corrupt influence that private companies exercise on Bolivia's government. Now that he has managed to become President, Víctor will strive to bring about a land reform, nationalisation of key industries and better working conditions for all Bolivians.§!
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 2nd, 1907, in Tarija, Tarija Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Tristán Marof
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1898, in Sucre, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTristan Marof, whose real name is Gustavo Adolfo Navarro, was born into a non-wealthy family and studied to be a lawyer. A gifted writer, he began publishing the short-lived magazine Renacimiento Altoperuano at the age of 17 and joined the circle of opposition to liberal domination that gathered around the Republican Party. Supporting Bautista Saavedra, he was rewarded with a post as a consul to the newly recognised French Commune, where his views radicalised and, after adopting his pseudonym, Marof began to promote a radical Marxist and anti-imperialist politics. In France, Tristan Marof gained prominence and influence as the main Bolivian Marxist and during the first half of the 1920s wrote various political works favourably received by people like Romain Rolland or Henri Barbusse. Returning to Bolivia in September 1926, he founded the Socialist Party, which was quickly shut down for refusing to co-operate with Hernando Siles, and Marof himself was expelled from the country. Afterwards, Marof participated in various socialist groups from abroad in Chile and Patagonia, such as the Revolutionary Workers' Party, and now, after leading the party and becoming president, will try to reform the backward Bolivian state.§!
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 10th, 1898, in Sucre, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
José Antonio Arze y Arze
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 13th, 1904, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJosé Antonio Arze y Arze graduated as a lawyer from the 'Universidad Mayor de San Simón' in 1926, and then joined the 'Federación Universitaria Boliviana', where he began to be influenced by the Syndicalist ideals within the organisation. Arze y Arze, with other intellectuals of the organisation like Ricardo Anaya and Jose Cuadros Quiroga created the 'Programa de Principios', in which they stipulated that Bolivia had to nationalise the mining and oil industries, provide land for natives to work and enforce stronger work laws. However, José's radical anti-war posture forced him to leave for Chile when the Chaco War came about. He returned at the end of the war, and formed the 'Partido de la Izquierda Revolucionaria', gathering support from the exploited miners in the poorer areas of Bolivia. Now that Arze y Arze has managed to become President, he'll enact the 'Programa de Principios' and carry on further reforms to transform Bolivia into a revolutionary country.§!
Carlos Salazar Mostajo
§YBorn:§! §LMay 18th, 1916, in Italaque, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Ángel Ayoroa
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1891 in Coroico, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Gualberto Villarroel López
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1908, in Muela, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter graduating from the Sucre National School in 1924, Gualberto Villarroel entered the Military College of the Army the following year and completed it with honours at the rank of lieutenant. Immediately he was drafted to the front of the Chaca War, where he was promoted to the rank of captain, and most importantly, tasted the disappointment of the ineffective high command and the defeat of the Bolivian Army. Shortly after the war ended, Villarroel joined the secret lodge Razón de Patria and quickly became the right-hand man of its founder, Elías Belmonte Pabón.\n\nAfter the defeat of the previous revolt and the syndicalist victory in the elections, the Lodge decided to try again to save the country, and put Villarroel up as president, taking advantage of his youth and good reputation among the military.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1908, in Muela, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGualberto Villarroel López joined the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito', where he graduated in 1930 as a second lieutenant. From his graduation, López steadily rose through the ranks until the start of the Chaco War, where his cunning and bravery transformed him into a War hero for the Bolivian people.§!\n\n§YNotes: Member of the Razón de Patria.§!
Manuel Marzana
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1889, in Tarabuco, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!\n§YBackground:§! §LManuel Marzana graduated from the 'Colegio Militar del Ejercito' as a second-lieutenant in 1914. He rose through the ranks until becoming commander right before the outbreak of the Chaco War. Manuel took part in the capture of the Boquerón fort, and would later lead its defence after Colonel Luis Emilio Aguirre was killed in action. Despite his valiant efforts, his troops were outnumbered and outgunned, managing to last twenty days until its capture. Marzana was kept as a POW for the rest of the conflict and was returned to Bolivia after hostilities ended.§!
Walter Guevara
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 11th, 1860, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Moritz 'Mauricio' Hochschild
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1881, in Biblis, Province of Starkenburg, Grand Duchy of Hesse, German Empire§!
Hugo Ballivian
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1901, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Amalia Villa de la Tapia
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1893, in Potosí, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Ronant Monje Roca
§YBorn:§! §Lin Beni Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
David Toro
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1898, in Sucre, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Tomás Monje
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1884, in Coroico, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Petronila Infantes
§YBorn:§! §LJune 29th, 1911, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Martín Cárdenas Hermosa
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 12th, 1899, in Cochabamba, Cochabamba Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Arthur Posnansky
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1873, in Vienna, Archduchy of Austria below the Enns, Austria-Hungary§!
María Luisa Sánchez Bustamante
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 19th, 1896, in Sucre, Chuquisaca Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Sinforiano Bilbao Rioja
§YBorn:§! §L1894, in Potosí, Potosí Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Franz Tamayo Solares
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1879, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
Palacio Quemado
§YFounded:§! §LMarch 25th, 1853, in Nuestra Señora de La Paz, La Paz Department, Republic of Bolivia§!
§GWe will resolve all negative effects from Black Monday!§!
Depending on our approach, we will tackle §YBlack Monday§! in different ways.
This will add §Y2 Naval Dockyards§! to one of our coastal states
Busch holds onto power
Avenge Guerra del Salitre
Chilean barbarians with the British hawk behind them captured our Pacific provinces in 1883, and since then we were dreaming about retaking land back. Chile is at war, both the Chilean army and navy are busy on other fronts. Time to make dreams come true.
Join the Internationale
With the successes of our comrades in the rest of South America, we ourselves must now ask ourselves whether we should help the global spread of the revolution by joining the Internationale.
Diverge extra resources for La Paz
We must build La Paz battleship as soon as possible even if that means diverting resources from elsewhere!
Building La Paz Battleship
While finishing La Paz Battleship on time or even sooner will have positive effect on our government, failing to hold our word will have serious consequences.
Proclaim Our Victory
Escuela de Aplicación de Armas
Escuela Militar de Aviación
Escuela de Mecánica y de Navegación
Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano
Supremo Academia de Guerra
SOBOCE
Universidad Mayor de San Andres
Ferrocarril Antofagosta
Chrysler
Economic Depression
Black Monday
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Agrarian Reform
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
Struggling Economy
War Reparations to Paraguay
War Reparations from Bolivia
Concentrated Fire
Legacy of the Chaco War
Disciplined Force
Legacy of the Chaco War
Legacy of the Chaco War
Modernised Army
High above the Andes
Bolivian Naval Programme
Liberal Reforms
Renegotiated Trade Agreements
Weakened Church
Nationalist-Unionist Reforms
Union Cooperation
Social Equality
Native Recruitment Policy
Bolivian Councilism
Consolidation of Power
The Busch Constitution
National Central Bank
Officialising Total Freedom
Entrenched Catholic Ideals
Catholic Morality
Denouncement of Extremities
Unstable Union
Building Our Hegemony
Hegemon of South America
United Army
Federated Scientific Exchange
Federated Administration
Centralise Mining Operations
Our main mining operations have been controlled for too long by the so called 'Tin Barons'. If we want to improve our economic situation, we need to start nationalising mining corporations in order to take away their power, and more importantly, their profits.
Increased Government Interference
We can't trust private businesses to watch over the welfare of our workers and the stability of our economy. We need to enact restrictions and regulations in order to keep them in line with our interests.
Agricultural Subsidies
Our farmers have been struggling to survive ever since our defeat in the Chaco War. It's our duty as these people's rulers to subsidise their products and livelihood if we ever hope to gain their support after such a blunder.
Connecting the Nation
While we have plenty of railroads within Bolivia, they've been mostly built by mining corporations looking to make profit in one of the many mines in Bolivia. Many of our towns and villages stand isolated, making the transport of products back and forth from the Capital an expensive endeavour. As such, we have decided to extend the railways, so that we can carry products to our citizens faster and cheaper than before.
Bail out Industry
Now that we have acquired a budget surplus, thanks to our nationalisation efforts, we need to start looking out for our loyal industries. Many companies who settled in Bolivia are now indebted, and if we bail them out, we can restore their faith in us and, hopefully, get future benefits from it.
Public Works Programme
Bolivia is in dire need of infrastructure, industrial parks and urban expansion. We shall announce a public works programme in order to settle this issue.
Empréstito patriótico
Our country has been devastated ever since the Chaco War, and every citizen knows this. By extension, it's also every citizen's duty to give us 'Patriotic Loans' in order to pay our debts and rebuild the country.
Tax Breaks
Bolivia's last liberal government was Jose Gutierre Guerra's back in 1920. If we hope to ever go back to the good old days we had with them, we have to start making tax breaks in order to encourage new businesses to be opened in Bolivia, and by extension, bring us some much needed economic prosperity.
Loosen Regulation
Bolivia's economic regulations seemed reasonable back in the day when the unions first appeared and we needed something to appease them. However, this has only made us lag behind our competitors! We need to loosen these regulations in order to help new businesses to settle more easily.
Placate the Oligarchs
Local oligarchs are concerned we might be selling out our country to foreigners who have no love for Bolivia, unlike them. We shall give them a few benefits against their competition, before they start antagonising our regime.
Longer Hours, Lower Pay
While our government has always watched out for its citizens, our current work laws might be a little to much. We need to reduce the minimum wage and extend the 8-hour work day to a 10-hour work day.
Encourage Capitalists
Tax Exemptions, cheap and hard-working employees and very few regulations are the way forward for Bolivia if we want to encourage capitalists magnates to set their businesses on our country and, as a consequence, increase our profits from their activities.
Tighten the Belt
While our reforms have been satisfactory so far, they're not enough. Government spending has been high for many years in this country and the time has come for us to start tightening our belts by enacting austerity measures.
Building the Future
Our government stands for the Bolivian people, and no one else will come here to help us build a better future. It is our duty to start planning for the future of our nation and its inhabitants if we ever hope to prosper.
Strive for an Equilibrium
While both statists and liberals have been right in the past, both have also been wrong many times. With that in mind, we should strive for a balance between encouraging new businesses to be settled in our country as well as having space for our own industries to thrive.
Diversify the Economy
Bolivia's economic woes have always been related to our over-reliance of our mining industry. If we ever hope to change this, we need other economic activities in our country to be able to stand on their own and sustain us with or without the mining industry. That's the path we'll choose for our future.
Fostering Entrepreneurship
If we are to proclaim ourselves free from foreign capitalist vultures, we need to start fostering our own breed of entrepreneurs who will watch over Bolivia's prosperity from the private sectors. For this, we ought to encourage our smartest and wealthiest citizens to start their own businesses, which will pave the future for the Bolivian economy.
Heavy Industry
While our country has many valuable industrial resources like Tin, we have no heavy industries that might take advantage of them. Selling these resources has been profitable, but selling the products made from those resources is even more profitable. If we hope to break this cycle that has led Bolivia to be a backwater country, we need to encourage the settling and creation of heavy industries here.
Domestic Arms Industry
Ever since our country's creation, we have depended on foreign weapons to equip our armies. While this has spared us the investment in the weapons industry back during peacetime, it has backfired spectacularly for our budgets during wartime. Provided this, we should found our own arms industry, even if that means we'll end up producing foreign licences in the future.
Increased Resource Extraction
Our economic boon has always been the resources that lay within our great nation. We should take advantage of this blessing by focusing all our efforts into profiting from these resources, rather than trying other unproven methods that might run Bolivia into the ground.
Arms for Tin
In the past, Bolivia could acquire great amounts of equipment by exchanging silver for arms. Today, the world has changed, but not our ideas. We shall renew our trade agreements with other nations with a slight change: Instead of trading silver for weapons, we shall exchange tin!
Copper Mining
Ever since the invention of the telephone, copper demand has been steadily rising, with no signs of slowing down. We have to take advantage of this and supply the demand of other countries of this valuable metal.
Foreign Equipment Shipments
The world has become a dangerous place, where honest sovereign nations are being attacked by cruel opportunists. Our government has seen fit to request our weapon suppliers for increased shipments of equipment with Bolivia's safety in mind.
University Funding
While our universities do their best in order to provide us with the best professionals they can, Bolivia is a vast country with endless potential, and slowly but steadily, we have been forced to hire foreign professionals in order to fill the administrative gaps. We need to increase our funding to our universities with the goal of replacing these foreigners for our local talent.
The Times, They Are A Changing
Bolivia has a long way to go before finally recovering from the crisis we have suffered. However, times are changing for the world, and while some countries see this as a bad sign, Bolivians embrace this change, as it's the harbinger for a better tomorrow for us.
Doctrinal Innovation
The old doctrine has only led to the loss of the Chaco, we need a new one! Bolivia is rich in natural resources necessary for the construction of large weaponry like artillery, let's put it to good use.
A single artillery piece bombarding the enemy doesn't have much of an effect on him. If we have one hundred artillery pieces bombarding the enemy, the effect will be huge.
Foreign Advisors
We need to reform our military quickly before we lose even more land. We have no choice but to invite in foreign advisors to do the necessary reforms efficiently.
Deal with the Officer Deficit
After the Chaco War, we fell into a large shortage of officers. We need to deal with this issue now, else our army will be more chaotic than the Russians after their loss in the Weltkrieg.
Restructure the Army
Our army structure has failed the test of war against Paraguay. We need to extensively reform it! We'll be encountering quite a lot of resistance in the army, but we have to do it.
Precision Strikes
Concentrated Fire will surely destroy the enemy, but only if we actually hit the enemy. We need to not only concentrate our firepower, but also be precise about our target.
Call to Arms
Our military is finally ready for a large scale expansion! Let's call the glorious citizens of Bolivia to arms, we'll need every single one of them if we wish to recapture our rightful land.
Replacing our Losses
What we could have lost in the Chaco War, we lost. An extensive investment programme has to be put into place to rebuild our industrial capacity and to rearm our military.
Sticking with the Old
We shouldn't blame our doctrine for the loss. Similar doctrines have worked in wars all around the globe, and they'll work once we'll take back our rightful land.
Large Scale Manoeuvres
Our military is quite chaotic on the battlefield. If we wish to have an effective fighting force, we'll need to know how to execute large scale manoeuvres in battle.
Knights of the Chaco
Some say that cavalry is outdated. We say that cavalry isn't outdated! They have served us well during the Chaco War, and they'll serve us well in the upcoming wars.
Learn from our Mistakes
Our glorious nation never commits any mistakes... well we made some mistakes during the Chaco War... quite a lot of mistakes actually. We need to learn from our mistakes so that we don't repeat them.
Subordinación y Constancia
'Subordination and perseverance' is the motto of the Bolivian armed forces. It demands that our soldiers be not only loyal to their commanders and to Bolivia, but to be humble in the face of victory, patient in a stalemate and perserverant in defeat. We shall try to enforce these ideals with improved drills and training, that shall provides us with the most powerful army in South America!
Legacy of the Chaco
The Chaco War has been the largest event in our recent history... not our proudest moment to say the least. Our army is in complete disarray and we are lacking everything a professional army needs. We need to change this!
Artillery Innovations
We have so far neglected the power of artillery. On the modern battlefield it has become essential! Modern artillery will help us in our future wars.
Expand the National Arsenal
We need to further expand our industrial capacity in order to fully arm and supply our military. A further expansion of the national arsenal will guarantee this.
Motorised Transportation
The terrain of Bolivia is quite hard to traverse, especially in a quick manner. We need to motorise our supply and transportation networks to increase our average speed.
Small Arms Imports
Our industrial capacity, despite all the investments we have poured into it, is still not large enough. We need to fill in the equipment deficit by importing small arms from other countries.
Mass Production
We are still lacking equipment! We need to massively increase our production to finally fix this major issue.
Armour Experiments
The three American tanks we possess might be completely outdated, but they still have decent potential as a fighting force. Let's experiment more with armoured vehicles, only good can come out of this.
Complete Modernisation
Finally, the barely existing army of the post-Chaco War years has been turned into a professional and powerful fighting force! It's time to recapture our rightful lands.
Coastline at Last!
Finally, the humiliation of the Treaty of Ancón has been reverted. Our glorious nation once again has access to the beautiful Pacific ocean! Even the Kaiserliche Marine shall fear us once our navy is fully rebuilt.
Found National Shipyards
Before we can make our navy feared around the globe, we need dockyards where we can build that navy in the first place. A massive investment programme shall be started to expand our ports.
Hire Foreign Personnel
It has been quite some time since our navy ceased to exist, so we're on a small shortage of skilled navy personnel. We should consider hiring foreign personnel until the shortage is overcome.
Funding for the Naval Academy
How can we assure that the foreign personnel will remain loyal when we're about to sink the navies of their nations of origin? We must increase funding of the Naval Academy to get more skilled Bolivian sailors.
Convert Fishing Trawlers
Even the Kaiserliche Marine started as a small, irrelevant navy. By converting fishing trawlers to combat vessels, we will be closer to achieving our naval hegemony in the Pacific.
Escort Ships
We will require escort ships for our future fleet carriers and battleships, therefore we should start rebuilding our navy by investing in destroyer development and construction.
Purchase State of the Art Cruisers
Destroyers might be good in combatting submarines and other destroyers, but we need to think bigger! We should purchase the best, and only the best, cruisers for our glorious navy!
Commandeer the Merchant Marine
We shall build a merchant marine larger than that of Germany in order to transport all of the riches our economy produces. Our flag shall be present in all ports of the world, from Lima to Buenos Aires!
Battlecruiser Programme
Cruisers are well suited as large escort vessels, but what if we have to fight larger ships? We shall design a cruiser suited for battle - A battlecruiser!
Battleship Investments
Our battlecruisers is designed for large battles... but what if the enemy has even larger ships? We need a ship suited for all kinds of battles - A battleship!
Flagship for the Armada
Our navy is feared in the entire world, from Lima to Santiago, but Buenos Aires is still laughing. We shall teach them that the Bolivian navy can destroy any opponent, with our new flagship!\n§YWill allow mission to diverge extra resources on construction.§!
Bolivia Rules the Seas
We have come a long way since recapturing our sacred coastline. It is safe to say, now that Buenos Aires isn't laughing anymore either, that Bolivia Rules the Seas!
Aerial Ambitions
The Bolivian sky is just as beautiful as the country itself! We shall build up an air force to defend this beauty from any invader and we might even capture some more during the fight.
Purchase Fighters
Our economy is extremely powerful, however even our mighty industry isn't large enough to be able to design and build our own fighters. We need to purchase foreign planes until we have finally caught up to the world powers.
Pilot Training Programme
We are pretty much missing everything an air force needs, but we aren't missing courage, strength and will! Our glorious pilots shall receive the best training in the world!
Airbase Construction Committee
Unlike the fields of Flanders, we don't have much natural terrain suited for airbases. However, on the little we have, we shall construct the greatest airports in the entire world.
Encourage Domestic Manufacturing
It is a shame that our glorious and powerful nation is dependent on foreign aviation imports. By encouraging domestic production, we shall ensure that our Bolivian pilots will fly Bolivian machines!
1938 Elections
The 1938 Elections are finally here, and the ballots have never been so contested in all of Bolivia's history. The four leading parties, the PL, the PSU, the PIR and the PRG have all finished their campaigns, all showing off their vision for a better Bolivia. We shall now see who the winner is...
PL Victory
The 'Partido Liberal' has came out on top during the elections. Their platform of reforms, reducing bureaucracy and decentralisation has won over the popular vote.
Banking Reform
While our banking system is far from being bad, it has been designed with government control in mind. If we want to have a better Bolivia, it's in our best interest to reform the banks for the more decentralised approach we want to implement.
Renegotiate Trade Arrangements
Many of our trade agreements were signed long ago by corrupt governments that included clauses where they kept more money for themselves than they should. We shall renegotiate this agreements in order to provide our trading partners fair terms and reduce the government benefits we received, and by extension, reduce the corruption that might cause.
Education Reform
Education in Bolivia is almost symbolic, the majority of the population hardly knows how to read or write. We shall take steps to change this by decentralising our budget to meet diverse local needs, improving our teachers training and changing the schools grade system. Hopefully, this will be the first step of many for ending illiteracy in Bolivia.
Excavation Grants
Bolivia is a nation with vast natural resources. We shall encourage mining expeditions, big and small, to find these resources by granting them a subsidy. Hopefully this will increase mining activity in Bolivia, and will return us our investment in taxes in order to continue our reforms.
Cutting out Red Tape
The Bolivian state has been filled to the brim with unnecessary bureaucracy that only ends up making our citizens angry and turning away our investors towards countries with smaller queues. We shall cut out as much red tape as possible in order to make business and day to day formalities more swiftly.
Weaken the Church
The Church has had strong grip in the Bolivian government for years and we will not stand for it! We shall take measures to reduce the Church's influence in our government and hopefully sideline the church of Bolivian politics once and for all.
Decentralised Development
Bolivia is a large nation with a lot of contrasts. The funding that places like Riberalta needs varies greatly from what Tarija needs, however both receive the same centralised funding. We shall take steps to decentralise our funding system in order to let the locals governments to use whatever funding they need.
Urbanisation
Since its inception, our country has been a rural country with a few large cities like La Paz and Santa Cruz de la Sierra. While this has not stopped our progress, it's starting to become a hindrance, and we should start to encourage urbanisation in order to improve our progress into an industrial society.
PRG Victory
The 'Partido Republicano Genuino' has claimed victory during the elections. Their platform of preservation of Catholic values and industrial subsidies have won over the populace. We should get to work immediately to implement our reforms.
Ties with the Church
Our party wants to include the Church into our state. We should increase our public ties with it in order to attract the attention and secure the confidence of fellow Catholics for our cause.
Protect Catholic Morality
In this modern world of godless syndicalists, secular decadent republics and tyrant dictators, we have to shine like a beacon to our fellow Catholics throughout the world. By instating the Catholic moral compass into our laws we shall take the first steps to create a safe-heaven for our brothers and sisters in faith.
Catholic Education Programme
With our illiteracy rates so high, we should implement a Catholic education programme. This way, Every children in Bolivia shall receive a Catholic-influenced education, both increasing our literacy and pleasing the church with our devotion to the faith.
Ward off Extremism
The hard times we currently face has thrown many men and women into the arms of extremist who only want to destroy our way of life and implant their false gods into our society. We shall take steps to protect us from this extremists, so that they shall never take root in our great country!
Decrease Unionist Influence
Bolivia currently has a great unionist movement. While many claim we should respect their activities, we know the truth! These movements are only a cover for their heinous socialist atheist activities! We shall decrease their influence, that way we can reduce the dangers of a syndicalist uprising and don't appear tyrannical to the average worker who just ended up joining these groups in a whim of fate.
Attract Foreign Investment
Bolivia is not the richest nation in the world, and as such, we can't trust our citizens to invest in our country in order to improve it. We need to attract foreign investment in order to continue our reforms and improve our economy.
Agrarian Development
Our country has vast swaths of land, perfect for agriculture. We can improve our economic situation by encouraging agrarian development.
Industrial Grants
Our country is in dire need of industrialisation. We need to encourage foreign and local industrialists to set up their companies in our cities and to that end, we are willing to grant industrial subsidies.
PSU Victory
The 'Partido Socialista Unificado' has won the 1938 elections. Their platform of nationalism, cooperation with the unions and land reform has won over the populace. We should get to work immediately to implement our reforms.
While we may not share many of the trade unions' views, we cannot deny the influence they have on our society. We need to establish good relations with the trade unions in order to cooperate with them and, by extension, facilitate the implementation of our reforms.
Land Reform
Bolivia has been plagued by pesky landlords who have hoarded all of the land in the nation to themselves to the detriment of their farmers. We shall take steps to begin a land reform and have the land evenly distributed between farmers.
Increased Social Regulation
The world has become a dangerous place, and extremist threaten the daily lives of people. To protect our populace of their actions, we shall increase social regulations in order to protect social cohesion and hopefully maintain a stable society.
Native Cooperation
The natives In Bolivia have been sidelined by our governments ever since the Spanish set up our country as a colony. We no longer have the chains of colonialism upon us, and we should cooperate with our native brothers and strive towards a better tomorrow.
Native Military Integration
The natives have been serving our military in segregated divisions. While in the past this segregation had made sense, nowadays is only hindering our relationship with them. It's in our best interest to integrate them into the normal divisions and that way, improve our military might.
Syndicalism in Bolivia
The 'Partido de la Izquierda Revolucionaria' has surprisingly won the elections. Their classic socialist platform of fighting Social Inequality and collectivisation have won over the populace. We should get to work immediately to bring the revolution to the workers of Bolivia at long last.
Fight Social Inequality
Bolivia is a nation of great social inequality, so we should start to device ambitious projects in order to fight it. While it will take years and a lot of investment, our goal of an equal society will be achieved, no matter the cost!
Shorten the Work-week
Many of our voters come from the working class, who have been exploited repeatedly by the dehumanising working conditions set up by the oligarchs. We shall help them by shortening the work-week with the intention of reducing the exploitation they receive.
Bring down the Oligarchs
Oligarchs have been pulling the strings of our country for far too long! We shall find these powerful men and expropriate their possessions with the goal of finally get rid of them, and redistribute their property towards the workers, who are the ones who truly deserve them.
Collectivise Farmland
Years of Oligarchic exploitation has left us with a very unequal farmland distribution. We shall begin our efforts of collectivisation in order to both reduce even further the oligarchs influence and reward the farmers who have been loyal to us.
Workers Council
Democracy in Bolivia has always been a symbolic thing and we stand to change that. We shall introduce Workers councils into the many factories and workshops throughout the country, that way every citizen of our nation will find a way of being represented in our state through this councils. True Democracy will be achieved in this country!
Educate the Masses
Our previous projects have been ambitious, but not as much as this one. The huge majority of our population can hardly read or write due to the dereliction of the average citizen by the oligarchs. We shall begin a project of education for everyone, which will hopefully help our society start reducing the illiteracy rates.
Rewrite the Constitution
Germán Busch Becerra has been a president for a while, but his project for this country is not yet finished! We shall rewrite the constitution of this country in order to turn him into a president for life, and also to reform our constitution into a modern document with more modern concerns.
Nationalise the Central Bank
The Central Bank is in private hands and that is a recipe for disaster! Busch has commanded that we have to nationalise it with the good of the people in mind. We need to make such a move in order to be able to handle the value of our currency in our government's advantage.
Found Banco Minero
We shall create an exclusive bank for our miners and mining industries in order to provide financial benefits to this particular sector.
Nationalise Mining Profits
Following our policies of nationalisation, the time has come for us to acquire the mining operations in our country. This will both weaken the oligarchs' power and increase our profits.
Abolish Slavery
Slavery in Bolivia has not been officially abolished yet. This is an outrage! President Busch has decreed for it to be abolished immediately. While there are hardly any slaves left in our country, this symbolic move will help the few remaining slaves in our country as well as winning Busch popularity among the lower class.
Universidad Autonoma Gabriel Moreno
This university was founded in 1880 to satisfy a lack of formal education that forced our youth to migrate to foreign cities or countries in order to get their education. However, this university has only offered careers on theology, medicine and law. We need to invest in this university as well as diversifying its careers with the objective of improving our overall production of new and better professionals.
Foundations of the Labour Code
Bolivia doesn't have a labour code, and unfortunately the absence of such a document has allowed foreign industrialists and oligarchs to exploit our working class to their every whim. Busch has decided to start making the foundations of our first Labour Code, which will hopefully help our nation into having more humane working conditions.
Viva El Presidente!
Busch has ended his reforms, and thanks to them his popularity has skyrocketed. In every street and every corner of the country, the Bolivian citizens make patriotic banners and rally to the shout of 'Viva el Presidente!' ('Long Live the President!')
Chaco or War
The Chaco was an integral part of our nation, and our defeat a few years back has brought us to our knees. However, now we stand tall and strong, it has come the time to get our revenge on the Paraguayans for the damage they caused us if they do not relinquish what's rightfully ours!
Disband Parliament
The Razón de Patria has taken over the apparatus of state. Their first move has been to disband the parliament in order to disarm the opposition of any power to stop them. We shall prosper under their guidance!
Native Integration
Natives have been segregated in our society for far too long! Other parties have made idle talk of how important this issue is, but we are men of action and shall end the differences between our population and the natives right now!
Consolidation of Power
Disbanding the Parliament is only the first step. Now that we have the power we have to focus into disarming our opposition so that they have no chance of removing us. We shall focus our efforts into consolidating our power and increasing our connections, that way we shall be safe in power.
Crack down on Liberalism
The Liberals have hindered our society enough! We shall begin a national crackdown on their activities and hopefully we shall prevent a return to liberalism in our country. While this threat is far off, it shall restore confidence in the average citizen that we are here to protect them from harm.
Military Propaganda
We plan on expanding our country and making it a force to be reckoned with. To that end, we shall increase our military propaganda in order to increase recruitment and be ready for the incoming storm we are about to face.
Adjusted Curriculum
We shall adjust our academic curriculum to include exemptions from military service and give benefits to veterans for them to be able to better reinsert themselves into our society. This set of benefits will surely attract more people towards recruitment stations or universities.
Increased Military Spending
If we hope to ever become a mighty country, we have to increase our military production output. With this in mind, We have devised an ambitious plan to increase military spending on key factories in order to improve our total output and better prepare ourselves for the upcoming wars
Absolute State Control
Our country must work like a well oiled and calibrated clock if we hope to avoid another defeat like the one at the Chaco War. We shall increase government influence in all sectors of society, making it impossible for any oligarch or socialist to escape our influence!
Retake Chaco
Our previous weaker governments, with their strings pulled by oligarchs, are to blame for the loss of Chaco. Now that we have reformed our country, it's our sacred duty to restore this rightful Bolivian land back into our state. The Paraguayans will tremble before the Bolivian wrath! ¡K'alatakaya Huarikasaya!
Retake Jujuy
Jujuy was lost to the Argentinians in 1893. This injustice has been left unpunished for too long! We shall retake our rightful land from the Argentinians, even if that means having to face their military might. They may be strong, but we have taken all the steps to make sure we are stronger than them! Onwards to victory!
Reclaim the Coast
We have lost our coastline long ago against Chile. Now we are stronger than ever! And we don't have the pesky Peruvians slowing us down now! The time has come to reclaim what is ours and finally get access to the coast. ¡Mar para Bolivia!
Demand Acre
Acre was lost to the Brazilians in 1903. This injustice has been left unpunished for too long! We shall retake our rightful land from the Brazilians, even if that means having to face their military might. They may be strong, but we have taken all the steps to make sure we are stronger than them. Our victory is at hand, men! ¡Venceremos!
Liberate Peru
While our status in the prior confederation may have been diminished in its significance, there is nothing to stop us from reviving the Confederation but under Bolivian leadership. Peru should think twice before underestimating its Bolivian neighbours.
Viva la Unión!
The short lived Peru-Bolivian Confederation has been revived but under Bolivian leadership. Neighbouring nations saw us a threat and forced us to separate us from our Peruvian brothers. While Peru may have played a larger role in the Confederation back in 1837, the roles have been reversed. Today, we have decided that the time is right to finally unite again with our brothers!
Onwards Together
We have always been close to our Peruvian brothers. We were both colonies of Spain, we both were freed by the same heroes and we both have stood side by side many times in our history. Provided this, we can safely say that as long as we stand shoulder to shoulder in union, we will be able to face any foe, no matter how mighty, and solve any problem, no matter how daunting it might be.
A Union of True Equals
Other 'Confederations' in the world, like the Austro-Hungarian Empire, speak a lot of equality in theory yet very little of it is actually seen in practice. We don't want to be like them, and as such we will guarantee that every citizen within the Peru-Bolivian Confederation will have the same rights and responsibilities, independently of whether they were born in either of those now defunct countries.
Consolidate our State
Creating a confederation is no small task. The previous apparatus of state that Peru and Bolivia had have to be adjusted, coordinated and refounded in order to not only resemble the old institutions they once had, but to improve upon them and create an even better society.
Pooled Officer Corps
Bolivia and Peru have many war veterans, with different experiences and views on warfare. If we were to pool our officer corps, we could achieve better results in battle drawing from their experience.
Integrated Industrial Economy
With the Andean Common Market in full swing, we can now start to work with a true Peru-Bolivian economy, and adapt state incentives and tariffs accordingly.
Army of the Union
The Union had until now two separate army branches; merging them is necessary to ensure our safety, and that of our Peruvian brothers. Such an act will not be poorly seen, since for the common soldier of Peru, their officers and structure were synonymous with incompetence.
Scientific Exchange Programme
The biggest universities of Peru and Bolivia have already started to work together, and perhaps the same principle could be applied to more... practical concerns of the Union.
Federated Administration
The administration of our Confederation is, essentially, non existent as of now. Let us establish a Confederation Cabinet in La Paz, with representatives from both parts of our Union.
Formalise the Union Constitution
Our confederation has somewhat flimsy legal institutions at a national level, but that should be changed if we are to convert it into a modern nation state.
Claims of the Confederation
We must reinforce that we are a successor state to Peru, and thus we lay claim to all former Peruvian territory, even those parts we do not occupy.
Claims on the Amazon
According to the Treaty of Madrid, the Amazon belonged to the Viceroyalty of Peru. Brazilian land thieves and Colombian brigands have for too long stood in the way of our rightful lands!
Recover Acre
Through admittedly clever diplomatic manoeuvring, Brazil stole Acre from us in the turn of the century. However, this will not stand, Acre and the rubber it contains are integral parts of the Confederation.
Reclaim Pastaza
Pastaza is by all accounts part of the viceroyalty of Peru, and is under illegal Ecuadorian occupation. This will not stand, and our glorious army will liberate the core territory of Pastaza.
Crush Argentina
Jujuy was lost in 1893 and Bolivians have resented the Argentinians since. With the might of the Confederation at our backs, nothing can stop us from retaking Jujuy once and for all.
PSU
Partido Socialista Unificado (United Socialist Party)
PRG
Partido Republicano Genuino (Genuine Republican Party)
PNC
Partido Nacional de Concordancia (National Concordance Party)
Junta
Junta de Salvacion Nacional (Junta of National Salvation)
RADEPA
Razón de Patria (Reason for the Fatherland)
PRS
Partido Republicano Socialista (Socialist Republican Party)
PL
Partido Liberal (Liberal Party)
POR
Partido Obrero Revolucionario (Revolutionary Workers' Party)
PIR
Partido de la Izquierda Revolucionaria (Party of the Revolutionary Left)
PIR
Partido de la Izquierda Revolucionaria (Party of the Revolutionary Left)
GFX_BOL_intro
Introduction to Bolivia
Since her formation, Bolivia has not fared well in terms of her foreign policy, suffering many painful losses. A border conflict with Chile led to the 'Saltpetre War' (1879 - 1883), where Bolivia lost despite an alliance with Peru, and ended with the nation being forced to cede the coastal province of Antofagasta, losing its access to the sea. Later, In 1903, Brazil and Bolivia signed the Treaty of Petrópolis, ceding the important rubber producing province Acre to Brazil in a shameful agreement that still angers Bolivians to this day.\n\nWhile Bolivia's mining wealth increased over the years, so did the influence of mining companies in the government, and their capacity to influence policy. Then the Chaco War happened, where despite fleeting glory in a few victories that prolonged the war, Bolivia was defeated thoroughly, and Paraguay only sued for peace at Brazil's and Peru's request, both fearing a full collapse of the Bolivian state. The apocalyptic defeat at the hands of Paraguay was more than a crushing blow to Bolivian national pride, it was also a severe blow for Bolivian democracy and economy as most of the population now believes that the Chaco War was the doing of said mining corporations meddling in public affairs.\n\nConsidering Bolivia's status as instigator of the war in the disputed territory, the punishment was severe: the Chaco to the east of the Parapeti River, north of the Pilcomayo and east of the Andes was to be ceded to Paraguay in its entirety and in perpetuity; its oil wealth forever in foreign hands.\n\nThe corrupt civilian government was quickly blamed for the humiliation, as many generals and officers publicly decrying interference from the president Daniel Salamanca and his liberal allies. Germán Busch and David Toro, two decorated war heroes, couped the government in early 1934 and established a \
§MJunta de Salvacion Nacional§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the event, \
Bosnia
Bosnian
Bosnia
Bosnian Socialist Republic
the Bosnian Socialist Republic
Bosnian Socialist Republic
the Bosnian Socialist Republic
Bosnian Socialist Republic
the Bosnian Socialist Republic
Džafer Kulenović
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1891, in Kulen Vakuf, Bihać District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Mehmed Spaho
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1883, in Sarajevo, Sarajevo District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Derviš Korkut
§YBorn:§! §LMay 5th, 1888, in Travnik, Travnik District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Bogdan Krekić
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in the Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Avdo Humo
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1914, in Mostar, Mostar District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Nurija Pozderac
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 15th, 1892, in Cazin, Bihać District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Osman Kulenović
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 15th, 1889, in Kulen Vakuf, Bihać District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Skender Kulenović
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1910, in Bosanski Petrovac, Bihać District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Vladimir Ćorović
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 27th, 1885, in Mostar, Mostar District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Gojkomir Glogovac
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 25th, 1883, in Bileća, Mostar District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Muhamed Hadžiefendić
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1898, in Tuzla, Tuzla District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Zvonimir Vučković
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1916, in Bijeljina, Tuzla District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Petar Baćović
§YBorn:§! §L1898, in Kalinovik, Sarajevo District, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Austria-Hungary§!
Army Reform Group
§YFounded:§! §Lin Sarajevo, Bosnia§!
