Latvia Focus Tree
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Communist Party of Latvia is led by the same Bolsheviks who were previously vanquished by the German army.\n\nIn the face of undeniable French ideological influence, the reorganised Latvian Communist Party is split between those who would embrace a more syndicalist identity and those who would not.§!\n
ABC
Latvijas Arodbiedrību centrālbirojs (Central Bureau of Latvian Trade Unions)
LKP
Latvijas Komunistiskā partija (Communist Party of Latvia)\n§LThe Communist Party of Latvia is led by the same Bolsheviks who were previously vanquished by the German army.\n\nIn the face of undeniable French ideological influence, the reorganised Latvian Communist Party is split between those who would embrace a more syndicalist identity and those who would not.§!\n
LSDSP
Latvijas Sociāldemokrātiskā strādnieku partija (Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party)\n§LThe Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party emerged out of the dissolution of the ethnic-Balt Democratic Party in the United Baltic Duchy and is popularly viewed as the successor of that party.§!\n
Darba partija
Darba partija (Labour Party)
Jaunzemnieku savienība
Latvijas Jaunzemnieku savienība (Latvian New Farmers' Union)
Zemnieku savienība
Latvijas Zemnieku savienība (Latvian Farmers' Union)
LTS(p)A
Latvijas Tēvzemes sargu (partizanu) apvienība (Latvian Defenders of the Fatherland (Partisan) League)\n§LThe LTS(p)A was founded by former Latvian nationalist guerrillas in support of General Jānis Kurelis. Officially a non-partisan war veterans organisation, the Association is inseparably linked to Kurelis and his political faction.\n\nWhile many LTS(p)A members affirm the eventual need for popular government, the organisation as a whole supports the suspension of many political freedoms and military oversight over civilian government in the face of both foreign and domestic threats to Latvian sovereignty.§!\n
LTS(p)A
Latvijas Tēvzemes sargu (partizanu) apvienība (Latvian Defenders of the Fatherland (Partisan) League)\n§LThe LTS(p)A was founded by former Latvian nationalist guerrillas in support of General Jānis Kurelis. Officially a non-partisan war veterans organisation, the Association is inseparably linked to Kurelis and his political faction.\n\nWhile many LTS(p)A members affirm the eventual need for popular government, the organisation as a whole supports the suspension of many political freedoms and military oversight over civilian government in the face of both foreign and domestic threats to Latvian sovereignty.§!\n
Ugunskrusts
Latviešu Tautas apvienība \
GFX_LAT_intro
Bittersweet Victory
For seven hundred years Latvia was subjugated - lorded over by Germans, Poles, Swedes, and Russians one after the other. Many Latvians, however, never lost hope. They knew that freedom would one day come. The Latvian National Awakening of the 19th century enkindled similar dreams throughout the entire populace. The Young Latvians and the New Current movement in particular led to the development of modern Latvian nationalism and politics.\n\nAt the end of the Weltkrieg, these Latvian patriots at last had the chance to fight for freedom, and yet, this struggle was in vain. Divided between exiled movements in Riga, Petrograd and Moscow, the Latvians never made a true declaration of independence like their Estonian brothers had - the socialist Iskolat in Valmiera was destroyed by German arms, the Latvian National Council in Petrograd never returned, and the Riga Democratic Bloc surrendered to the new Baltic German order. Latvian nationalism did not die out, however, and returned even stronger, embraced by socialist exiles in the Union of Britain and the large Latvian community in Russia. The collapse of the United Baltic Duchy has fulfilled the dream of so many at long last - Latvia is finally an independent state.\n\nThe capital of the Latvian people, Riga, however, fell just out of the grasp of the Forest Brothers, and a German redoubt remains in control of the city, preparing for an opportunity to snuff out Latvia's independence. This insult to the pride of our nation must never be forgotten - and one way or another, the jewel of the Baltic Sea will return to its rightful owners. As the world inches closer to war, Latvia is sure to play a role.
§MLTS(p)A - Executive Authority Constrained§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$) / §MLTS(p)A - Strong Executive§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Don't trust the socialist to handle the Manteuffel's insurgency.\n£white_dot Complete the focus §YConvene The Assembly§! for a series of event to appear.\n£white_dot To §aconstrain the executive§!: choose to not water down the legislature, recognize the situation and have the Saeima meet in Liepāja, have Kurelis only remain president until the crisis passes, have the Saeima be required to approve government's foreign policy decisions and don't let the executive have power over the Saeima.\n£white_dot To §Pempower the executive§!: choose to give the president unrestricted veto powers, insist in that the only place the Saeima can meet is Riga, modify and write that Kurelis is president for life in the constitution, have the Generälis remain in control of foreign policy and let the president be able to dissolve the Saeima.\n\n§MLKP - Bolshevik Renewal§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$) / §MLKP - Adoption of Syndicalism§! ($totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Reach to Peterss and the reds for help against Manteuffel's insurgency.\n£white_dot Quietly arrest Peterss when the convention convenes and don't leave Liepāja until capturing him when he escapes.\n£white_dot To go $totalist_coloured$: choose to implement a syndicalist model in the \
Latvian Focus Tree
Latvia's Second Awakening
Latvian national consciousness developed in reaction to malign foreign influence. Now that we have thrown off the yoke, we must awaken the people to themselves.
A New Beginning
The ethnic hierarchy of the Latvia that was must be undone. Before we can begin to establish the basic law of the land, we must promulgate broad principles for the achievement of the basic equality of all Latvians.
Convene The Assembly
The Bolsheviks and liberals have been overcome. We can at last move towards a more permanent political structure. Latvia is a small and fresh nation that must be built.
Latvia For Latvians
While ethnic Letts must form the core of the state and work must be done to dismantle the legacies of imperial domination, we should take care to properly patronise minority populations - Russians and Germans especially. To that end, we must legally discard ethnic classifications in favour of a civic Latvian identity while also taking care to ensure ethnic minorities broad representation in the assembly.
Organise the Forest Brothers
The various rural partisan groups collectively known as the forest brothers lack high-level organisation. While they are respected for their role in bringing about Latvian independence, the state has so far kept them at arms length. We should begin to integrate forest brother units that wish to serve their country yet into the army while demobilising others.
Honour the Generālis
Jānis Kurelis, the Generālis, drove the foreign conquerors from our fair land and freed the people from their chains. In many villages, his noble visage is becoming something of an object of veneration. Statues and other works of art are being commissioned spontaneously. The state should promote this devotion to our leader.
Geographic Reorientation
Riga has historically been at the centre of Baltic trade networks. We cannot allow one city to dominate so any longer. Optimal routes for new road and rail networks bypassing Riga should be created and a plan for the realisation of such drafted.
With or Without Riga
[LAT_withriga_scripted] We must do more yet to encourage growth in currently-second rate cities.
Liquidate German Assets
German ownership of land and capital both in the cities and the countryside far exceeds their population. To begin to address this, those Germans who fled in the face of genuine Latvian independence should have their holdings fully expropriated. For the time being at least, these assets shall be held directly by the state.
A State-Led Economy
In order to ensure that sovereignty and national unity are not eroded through economic channels, the state must entirely control the direction of the economy. Sectors which shall augment our independence must receive state backing.
Enshrine Vigilance
Vigilance should be defined as a national duty on all Latvians. Each citizen should be obligated to swear loyalty to the nation and uphold its martial character.
Looking Outwards
If our independence is to be secured in the long run, we must forge partnerships with nations far and wide.
Developmentalism
While we recognise the fundamentally rural character of Latvia, we cannot let modernity pass us by. The priority of the state shall be the careful creation of economic policy and the modernisation of the economy.
Apply Imanta Insights
The Imanta Regiment succeeded in repelling Bolshevik attacks as German forces looked west. While the Regiment - and other former 'Riflemen' units - are nominally under the command of the army, they have not been properly integrated into new command structures due to their outsized renown and influence, blocking the insights from their combat history from being properly internalised by military doctrinaires. This must be remedied.
Seek Scandinavian Support
In closer ties with the nations of Scandinavia lies the opportunity to reduce dependency on the European continent's great powers - a necessity if we are to assure our independence in the long-run.
Russian Rapprochement
While anti-Russian sentiments remain strong among the Lettish population, cooperation with Russia increasingly seems necessary if our independence is to be guaranteed. We should look to establish strong financial ties with the bear.
Russian Agricultural Exports
Owing to our support for the cultivation of efficient food stuffs, state storehouses overflow with surplus. In order to facilitate greater cooperation with the Russians, we should offer to sell them this surplus at a low price.
Russian Armaments Deal
Russia possesses a vast array of armaments and superior research and development capabilities. With our commitment to Russia growing, we should seek to broker a formal armaments deal.
Establish A Baltic Trade Area
Trade networks throughout our nation were disrupted as barriers to trade with Estonia went up with the dissolution of the United Baltic Duchy. While stop-gap measures adopted soon after independence have alleviated the situation somewhat, more must be done. We must make a concerted effort to assure free trade with Estonia now and forever.
Blood Brothers
Latvians and Estonians bled together for freedom. Without the other, each of us would still be under the boot today. We should seek to build upon these ties to establish a common defence policy.\n\n§RGetting too close to Estonia could prevent us from pursuing an expansionist policy in the Baltics.§!
Call Our Countrymen Home
Many Russian and diaspora Latvians could be incentivised to return to Latvia. We will need them to work newly opened lands and in the factories if we are to develop economically. We must call our countrymen home.
Support Agricultural Mechanisation
The historical character of agriculture in Latvia has dis-incentivised mechanisation. The state alone can remedy this issue, purchasing and distributing the latest equipment.
Another Basket
Heavy industry cannot be found outside of Riga. Regardless of Riga's status, this reality is to our detriment. The state should plan new industrial parks in the nation's other cities.
New Forestry System
While in the past, wood has been sourced carelessly from old growth forests, new advancements are rapidly transforming forestry throughout the civilised world. A new system for the management and exploitation of the nation's forests should be implemented.
A Model Mill
The utilisation of recent breakthroughs in paper production could not only support the logging industry, but hand domestic paper producers a qualitative advantage over foreign competitors. As a proof of concept, a state-owned mill utilising a new recovery boiler for the production of paper pulp should be built, with private producers incentivised to likewise adopt the technology.
Paper Primacy
The paper industry is growing as planned. We can now shift investment towards finished paper products.
Industrial Libations
The increasingly industrialised production process of liquor presents opportunities. Such operations could easily be adapted to the production of synthetic fuels during times of war. As such, the state should enter into the ethanol and liquor business on a grand scale.
Open New Lands
While much of Latvia is arable, certain areas remain underutilised. The state should take over such places and clear them for cultivation and exploitation.
Strict Agricultural Autarky
In time of war a nation can do without luxury goods, but it cannot do without foodstuffs. We must not rely on trade to fill our stomachs. Beyond promoting the cultivation of highly efficient crops like potatoes, the cultivation of cash crops should be discouraged and import tariffs on foodstuffs slowly raised.
Patriotic Privatisation
Lands newly opened through state efforts should ultimately be individually allocated. We must be certain, however, that the state receives its due and the right people - ethnic Letts - should receive such lands. We should establish a programme to allow Lett farmers to gain a deed to new farmland in exchange for a few years of labour in state service.
Focus on Hydroelectricity
Our nation is full of poorly utilised rivers. The construction of hydroelectric dams would not only provide more electricity than suits our needs, but also support our efforts to open new lands to irrigation and agriculture.
Bogs Into Ploughshares
The marshes and bogs throughout our nation sit idly while Latvia struggles to enter modernity. They must be put to work. Some can be drained to support farming and the construction of new planned cities tailored towards specific economic sectors.
Centralise Command Structure
With the army itself properly centralised, we should now turn to the sometimes competing officer corps that emerged from the various independence movements. The civilian government must assume responsibility for the process of integrating these groups.
Rebuild The Daugavpils Shot Factory
The city of Daugavpils has long housed armaments industry with a history spanning centuries. At the end of the Great War, however, the cities machine tools were pilfered and taken to Riga by the Germans. For now, at least, the largest of the old small arms factories must be restored.
Round-Out the Armed Forces
Besides an army, we must have a navy and an air force. The patchwork air and naval units currently under the command of the army should be raised to their own independent services.
Lessons of the Weltkrieg
The Weltkrieg saw unparalleled advancement in military doctrine. We must follow the example of the great powers of Europe and carefully study it.
Expand the Aizsargi
Originally formed as an auxiliary militia force during the struggle for independence, the Aizsargi 'Guards' organisation has increased the amount of nationalist volunteers loyal to the central government alone. As it has outgrown its original purpose, we should reconstitute the organisation as the paramilitary wing of national government and embed its members into the armed forces.
Distributed Defence
Our small nation will likely be under constant threat from larger powers. As such, citizens must be required to keep firearms at home and receive basic martial and ideological training. §GOnce the Latvian army has been completely reorganised, Kurelis may want to extend its borders.§!
A Third Concert
Though the second concert of Europe was shattered by the Weltkrieg, a new system of alliances and power balancing has emerged. We should join the concert, whether through armed neutrality or the creation of formal military alliances.
Facilitate Global Trade
With fledgling industries perhaps ready to compete abroad, we should look to create the physical infrastructure necessary to facilitate international trade.
Iskolat Focus Tree
Second Iskolat Republic
While the first Latvian Socialist Republic was crushed by reactionary forces, the will of the people has now achieved victory. A new socialist Latvia shall emerge.
Found The Red Army
While some fear that the army could again become a reactionary fifth column, through careful management and proper ideological training these concerns can be put to rest. We must have a single national army, loyal to the people's party alone.
Reorganise The Men
We cannot allow reactionaries to undermine the party through the army. The army must be structured on fundamentally revolutionary ground suited to the conditions of Latvia. The various militias shall be centrally organised only under the auspices of the party itself, their structure unchanged.
Red Peasantry
Much of the support for the revolution came not from the cities, but from the countryside. We must reassess our priorities and focus on providing material benefits towards the peasants and rural labourers.
Eliminate Internal Contradictions
Internal reactionary elements have been overcome, but some reactionaries still cling onto power at the local level. The past actions of all office holders must be assessed with proletarian leaders installed at all levels.
Efficient Agriculture
To provide sufficient agricultural surplus, inefficient crops preferred by the merchants of Riga should be replaced entirely with more efficient ones. A nation runs on its stomach, not its decadent niceties.
Begin Urban Restructuring
In the cities, decadence and waste abounds. In order to finance economic restructuring and ensure that urban reactionaries cannot disrupt the process, certain categories of luxury goods must be seized to the last.
The Future of Latvian Socialism
While many in the government sympathise with the ideological direction of the old Bolsheviks, the ascendency of syndicalism cannot be denied. We must decide whether or not to embrace the syndicalist model.
Look Again to Bolshevism
Armed with Bolshevik ideology, the path of socialist construction is clear - communism is certainly just over the horizon. We shall not compromise national prosperity for any reason.
Implement Committee Recommendations
Quietly, a central state planning committee was established. While this body, the VPK, has already completed its assessment of the national economy and drawn up several plans for the promotion of heavy industrialisation, until now, we have been too preoccupied to see its designs through - let us at last implement its central recommendations.
Begin Rural Collectivisation
While many who exploited the labour of the rural workers and peasants fled before the revolution, the need to focus on top-level political affairs has since left the countryside in a sort of economic limbo. No longer! The time has come to fundamentally redefine the nature of Latvian agriculture.
Communal Experimentation
To achieve communism we must move beyond collectivisation. Some state owned agricultural areas can be put to specific use as a sort of living laboratory wherein methods of communal, rather than collective, agriculture are tested.
Smash the Kulak Class
While most rich peasants have been rightfully expropriated, their stranglehold over rural society remains. They must be definitively dealt with.
New Industrial Network
Heavy industry is all but non-existent within the nation's smaller cities. If the Latvian people are to progress to a higher state of human development, none must find themselves at such a great distance from economic modernity. We should build new industrial parks in small cities across the nation.
To Each According to His Need
Suburban labourers have often been ignored in socialist discourse. Yet it is they who are not necessarily proletarian or peasant who have often formed the core of socialist mass movements. We should reward their support and provide all suburbanites of a proper class background with financial support.
Lettisation
Each people must develop a proper national consciousness in order to progress into socialism and ultimately communism. While Latvia is a multiethnic state, it is the Lettish majority which most lacks such a consciousness and requires the state's attention. Ethnic Letts should be officially prioritised in all development initiatives.
The Centralist Line
The unity of the people's leading party is essential to the proper conduct of socialist government. As such, we must do more to combat factionalism and propagate the norms of democratic centralism throughout the party.
Revolution in One Country
While we recognise the need to spread the revolution abroad, we must also recognise that the revolution must be protected wherever it exists, especially our own lands.
World Revolution
The revolution shall not be safe until the forces of reaction across the globe have been defeated. We must secure the protection of the Third Internationale and help any peoples who struggle to achieve socialism for themselves.
Fueling the Industry
The marshes and bogs throughout our nation sit idly while Latvia struggles to enter modernity. They must be put to work. Some can be drained to support farming and the construction of new planned cities tailored towards specific economic sectors.
A Syndicalist Model
Syndicalism has ended bourgeois economic and political domination in some of the most powerful nations on the planet, and its merits cannot be denied. In order to facilitate cooperation with the nations of the Third Internationale we shall attempt to forge a middle path between Bolshevism and Syndicalism.
Recalling the Exiles
Many Latvian socialists fled abroad with the suppression of the October Revolution. We should facilitate both their return and the return of other ideologically upright Latvians abroad.
Global Fraternity
A fledgling socialist state like ours has much to learn from the juggernauts of the Third Internationale. High-level civilian and military administrators must be stationed abroad on a regular rotating basis. If decisions must occasionally be made, in part at least, from Paris or London, so be it.
French Political Advisors
Syndicalism has become the accepted political orthodoxy in the Commune of France. The people engage with the political system entirely within a properly syndicalist framework. We should secure French political advisors in order to accomplish such a cultural transformation domestically.
A Living Exposition
Liepāja is relatively unremarkable in the eyes of the syndicalist powers. We shall remake it grander than anything yet seen. The city should be slowly rebuilt entirely, streets widened drastically, tenements replaced with monuments to the victory of syndicalism and modern multi-story housing complexes constructed on the basis of efficiency.
Urban Warfare Training
While in the past, men cowered behind city walls before the enemy, cities themselves have become a nigh-impervious obstacle for invading armies in the modern day. If our men are to defeat a much more numerous enemy, they have receive training in modern urban combat.
Centralised High Command
For a smaller force like ours, strategic cohesion trumps tactical flexibility. We must establish a strategic planning office and train the men to obey central orders to the letter regardless of conditions on the ground.
Focus on Armoured Warfare
While many hold firm to the military orthodoxy developed during the Weltkrieg, we know that technological advancements shall make the next war very different from the last. A mechanised army supported by armour can punch far above its weight.
Military-Youth League Integration
The national youth movement has been effective in ensuring martial prowess and ideological correctness among the populace. It should be placed under the auspices of the armed forces, and the ideologically reliable youth league leaders integrated into military leadership.
Play To Our Advantages
Above all else, a model socialist man is disciplined and vigilant. Let us apply lessons learned in the civilian sector to the military, ensuring order and discipline in the ranks.
Department of Industrial Affairs
While we shall not cede central political authority to labour unions, in line with the ideals of syndicalism, local unions must have a role in administration. We should create an administrative body within the auspices of the party itself, not the state, to oversee the inevitably complicated de jure relationship of the party with the various unions carrying out the party line.
Establish Industrial Jurisdictions
Competition between trade unions has been a consistent problem across the syndicalist world. The role of the unions in local administration must be rigidly defined, with jurisdictions carefully delineated.
Organise Union Councils
In order to dis-incentivise unions from attempting to undermine central authority, they must have a direct line of contact with representatives of the central state. Within each administrative region, an advisory to the party's regional governor must be established, comprised of the various unions and able to redraw their own administrative jurisdictions.
Ensure Armaments Flow
In the near term at least, domestic armament production will certainly remain insufficient. We should secure a regular flow of arms from the Commune of France.
Latvian Air Force
We have gone from partisan movement to proper army, and must seek modern weaponry to stay that way. With support of our allies, we can start building modest yet mighty air defence force.
A Guerrilla Army
We cannot hope to defeat one of the great powers of Europe in a set-piece battle. Through asymmetric warfare, however, we can impose unacceptable costs on any invading foe. We must orient our forces towards the exploitation of the terrain and weather.
A Gun In Every Hand
Reactionaries possess an undeniable material advantage. We must focus on the simplification of armaments in order to facilitate sufficient levels of production to make up for this.
Cult of the Volunteer
Ideas can inspire dedication. Rather than implementing a harsh conscription policy with its own drawbacks, we should focus on the romanticisation of combat and volunteer fighters in the popular image.
Workers, Peasants, and Soldiers
The synthesis between military and civilian life must be total. Martial training must be established in all places of business to prepare workers for the inevitable bloody struggle against reaction.
The Patriotic Front
It is inevitable that certain elements will hold views at odds with the people and their great party. We should bring some such individuals into the national parliament contingent on their loyalty to the party and acceptance of its leading political position, while those who refuse to uphold these principles shall be made examples of publicly. Perhaps these comrades in all but name can lead unsavoury elements into the light.
Political Correctness
The people are the party and the party is the people. Our nation must be one cohesive entity. To ensure that the ideals of the revolution and especially the principle of democratic centralism are upheld, the private sphere and the public sphere must become one and the same. State security officials should embed themselves amongst the masses, enforcing the party line and given the autonomy to act as judge and jury in their dealings with reactionary elements.
Implement Armaments Industry Plan
The VPK has drawn up a second plan for the proliferation of armaments industry across newly industrialised areas. With the basis for socialist construction established, we should implement the plan.
Proletarianisation
The rural peasantry, influenced by Bolshevism, enabled the establishment of socialism in Latvia. We must win them over to the new syndicalist party line. To accomplish this, newly redistributed plots should be grouped together to form new owner cooperatives on the model of industrial unions. Though these unions, the new norms of the party can be instilled.
The Great Liberator
Comrade Peterss was central to the victory of the revolution and the embrace of syndicalism alike. The people must be encouraged to value his leadership with every fibre of their being.
Phalanstère Cooperation
The nations of the Third Internationale have created a robust framework for technical cooperation. We must join this cooperation to improve the life of all Latvians.
The Workers Economy
Syndicalism, like the party, places the worker first. The Industrial Affairs Department must ensure that all union representatives accept this simple truth and ensure the adherence of union members.
Communard Tactical Expertise
The French have learned much from their defeat in the Weltkrieg, casting aside old and ineffective doctrine in favour of the new. We should request Communard experts to assist in the modernisation of our forces.
Liepājas Metalurgs
Daugavpils Skrošu Rūpnīca
Vairogs
Rīgas Autobusu Fabrika
Valsts Elektrotehniskā Fabrika
Liepājas Karaosta Darbnīcas
Rīgas Kugu Būvētava
Dual Rule
The Latvian republic was born out of two organisations, and two ambitious men joining in a fragile alliance against the German scourge. The Latvian partisans fought for Latvia, but the Latvia they envisioned differs from person to person - some want a national, patriotic state under a recognised leader, others look up to the socialist Iskolat. Now that the Germans have been evicted, these differences need to be resolved.
Latvieši, neaizmirstiet Rīgu!
The beating heart of Latvia, its eternal capital, has been stolen away from us - our partisans have failed to secure the city and a \
Desperate Situation
§RThis situation could be resolved on its own as the country regains enough §YStability§! and the government cements its power.§!
Disorganised Economy
The loss of Riga, with all its expertise and capital, has wreaked havoc on our economy. We need to organise an economy that is based around the Latvian people, not a tiny minority.
Reorientation Programme
The Latvian state is intentionally upending domestic trade networks.
Land Reform
The Latvian state is intentionally upending domestic trade networks and capital ownership structures.
One Nation - Two Armies
Latvia possesses two often competing armies operating under a woefully insufficient common command structure.
Bifurcated Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority though problems remain.
Imperial Presidency
Not only does the Latvian constitution impose few restrictions on state power, the directorial system established by the former transitional government has been undermined by the concentration of executive power.
Limited Executive Authority
Though the Latvian constitution imposes few restrictions on state power, it also enshrines the decentralisation of executive authority. Outside observers have labelled Latvia as an authoritarian directorial republic.
State Capitalism
The Latvian state sets the direction of economic development and state-owned companies abound.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Foreign Joint-Ventures
Latvia jointly operates several sizeable companies with nearby states, facilitating investment.
Russian Grain Exports
Latvia exports cereals to Russia in large numbers.
Baltic Trade Area
Latvia and Estonia have adopted a common trade policy and agreed to maintain uniform product and industrial standards moving forward.
Latvians Return Home
Latvians abroad, particularly those in the former Russian Empire, return home in large numbers.
Latvians Flee Russia
In response to the ethnic tensions and a crackdown on the Latvian people, many Latvians, most of them ethnic Letts, have begun to flee Russia for the newly independent state of Latvia. While the Russian nation has attempted to suppress the mass exodus on the border, immigration is enforced lightly, with hundreds of Latvians cross over into Latvia daily.
State-Led Mechanisation
The Latvian state is aggressively promoting the mechanisation of agriculture, purchasing and distributing modern equipment and blatantly favouring mechanised operations in state contracts.
The New Forestry System
Latvia has implemented a new management system in order to transform the nation's forests into engines of economic growth. Under the system, most of the nation's forests have come under nominal state ownership with the state leasing parcels to interested parties for pennies on the dollar and subsidising their exploitation. Lease holders are required to dedicate a large percentage of their allotments to modern monoculture tree farming while avoiding deforestation whether through the preservation of old growth or planting of new growth trees.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
The Path of Progress
State policy has catalysed a sea change in the Latvian economy.
Economic Awakening
Eventually the Latvian economy was able to recover and became a central pillar of the Eastern European and Baltic Sea economy. This will allow the country to experience strong growth, accompanied by an increase in the standard of living and military and civilian production.
Agricultural Independence
Owing to state policy, Latvian farms produce a disproportionately large quantity of foodstuffs and little else.
Unified Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority.
Unified Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been brought fully under state authority.
Well-Organised Army
Through careful reform the competing Latvian independence armies have been organised according to the latest innovations and have been brought fully under state authority.
Aizsargi
The Aizsargi 'Guards' organisation has been reconstituted as a paramilitary force within the Latvian armed forces.
Strength in Numbers
Latvian leaders believe that only active foreign policy and the backing of larger powers can safeguard the independence of small nations. Latvia should not only seek to form formal defence commitments but also send troops abroad in disproportionate numbers.
Armed Neutrality
Latvia has embraced armed neutrality. It seeks to bolster its defences while staying out of formal military alliances.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
Bolshevism
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
The New October
While the Latvian Socialist Republic aligns strongly with the syndicalist powers of the world, it has renounced syndicalism as a viable model for national construction in favour of Bolshevism.
The Syndicalist Model
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
Global Fraternity
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
The Value of Leadership
While many Latvian socialists reject syndicalism in favour of the Bolshevik economic and political model, the ascendency of syndicalism is undeniable. As such, the Latvian state has embraced a hybrid model of syndicalism in order to facilitate cooperation with syndicalist powers.
Early State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
Partial State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
State Planning Committee
The Latvian state planning committee, the Valsts Plāna Komiteja or VPK for short, drafts plans for the achievement of specific economic goals for the central government. It focuses heavily on the propagation of heavy industry and exploitation of natural resources.
State Land Ownership
The central state directly owns large swaths of cultivated land, directly managing the development of collective forms of agriculture in those areas.
Communal Agriculture Experimentation
On state-owned lands, the Latvian government experiments with various forms of communal, rather than collective, agriculture. While it has yet to attempt to implement broad communalisation, this programme has brought advancement in management techniques.
Dekulakisation
The rich peasant, or Kulak, class is slowly being removed from economic and political power throughout the Latvian countryside. Some speculate these policies are just the precursor to more definitive actions against the Kulaks.
Abolition of Private Plots
Private ownership of farm land has, nominally at least, been abolished. The Latvian state is slowly but surely overseeing the amalgamation of various private plots redistributed in the wake of the revolution into large collectives.
Mixed Agricultural System
While the Latvian state encourages the collectivisation of agriculture, private plots owned by the farmers who work them under a state contract system are tolerated.
A Socialist Crusade
The Latvian Socialist Republic believes its security can only be guaranteed through the achievement of a global socialist revolution. As such, it sends an outsized number of armed volunteers abroad.
Communard Political Advisors
The Commune of France has sent political advisors to the Latvian Socialist Republic.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Industrial Affairs Department
The Industrial Affairs Department within the LSD party oversees the party's relationship with the various local labour unions which, de jure, are the basis of municipal administration in Latvia.
Red High Command
At the expense of tactical flexibility, Latvia has bolstered its central military planning capabilities greatly and promoted rigid adherence to planning amongst the men.
Bolshevist Army
Loyal to the Party, Loyal to the People. The Latvian army enforces iron discipline on its soldiers.
Red Through and Through
Regardless of occupation, all Latvians engage in frequent ideologically-charged martial drills in the workplace.
A Guerrilla Army
Latvian military doctrine recognises the futility of attempting to fight set-piece battles against much larger nations. It instead focuses on the utilisation of terrain and weather and asymmetric warfare in general.
A Gun in Every Hand
Domestic simplification of foreign small arms designs has received broad state support. While some Latvian-produced arms lack the polish of foreign designs, they shoot just as well and can be more easily produced.
Communard Military Advisors
The Commune of France has sent military advisors to the Latvian Socialist Republic.
The Generālis
Latvia will attack in two weeks!
You will unlock a national spirit that will change as a result of the reforms undertaken
§GThis action will have the effect of getting our economy back on track after some time.§!
While we have taken the Pearl of the Baltic, the struggle with the Germans of the city has left our leaders rightfully wary.
The jewel in the crown, the Pearl of the Baltic, Riga, eludes us yet, and it may continue to unless the nation's other cities are strengthened.
Finish the Fight
Mr. President, may I ask you what you are doing on that tank?\n\n'Sir. Finishing this fight.'
Join The Moscow Accord
The time has come to sign a formal military alliance with the Russian bloc.
Strike at [FROM.GetNameDef]
The situation in [FROM.GetNameDef] has gotten out of hand. We must intervene.
State Visit to Russia
To kickstart a new era of relations with Russia, Kurelis has planned a state visit. Let us get to it.
State Visit to Estonia
To kickstart a new era of relations with Estonia, Kurelis has planned a state visit. Let us get to it.
Seek [FROM.GetAdjective] Financing
In order to secure [FROM.GetAdjective] financial support, a plan to establish joint state companies has been drafted. We only need approval.
United Defence Policy
The Estonians have long been our brothers in arms. Should they fall, we shall surely follow. As such, we should seek the exchange of mutual defensive guarantees with Tallinn.
Brothers Once Again
In order to safeguard our independence in this dark hour, a proposal to upgrade the alliance with Estonia has been put forward.
Our Comrades to the South
Our fellow Balts, the Lithuanians, have finally joined us in breaking free from the grip of the Germans. If we stand together, we will stand stronger!
Mines and Mills
Many areas newly cleared of Peat are rich in iron. The state must immediately push for the exploitation of these deposits and the settlement of these areas. To achieve this, modern steel mills shall be built as close as possible to these areas without sacrificing efficiency.
Electricity From Peat
Military Decisions
The new Latvian army must be built from scratch. It must begin with a series of reforms in order to be able to compete with the armies of the German oppressors and our bellicose neighbours.
Reorganise The High Command
The structure of the army high command can at last be addressed.
New Training Facilities
The great powers of the world utilise highly specialised facilities for the training of troops. We should study their practices and emulate them.
Latvia
Latvian
Latvia
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Iskolat Republic
the Iskolat Republic
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Soviet Union
Soviet
the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics
Jēkabs Peterss
Jēkabs Peterss was born to ethnic Latvian farmers. At 22, he left Latvia and the Russian Empire for London where he contributed to the development of the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party. He returned to Latvia after the outbreak of the Bolshevik Revolution in the country but fled in civilian clothes from German troops as they closed in on the last remnants of the first Iskolat Republic during the Russian Civil War. After a stint in neutral Sweden and later the newly-established Union of Britain, Peterss left his British family once again and slipped back into the United Baltic Duchy along with other Latvian former Bolsheviks, and took a leading role in organising the workers and peasants of western Latvia along old Bolshevik lines.\n\nAs the undisputed leader of the restored Iskolat Republic, Peterss seeks to, at last, fulfil the economic and political promises made to the common people back in 1917.
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1886, in Briņķi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_jekabs_peterss_desc_body$ To that end, in order to facilitate integration with the nations of the Third Internationale and secure the Latvian people their place in the world, Peterss has promulgated the ideological harmonisation of revolutionary syndicalism and Bolshevism in the Latvia Communist Party.§!
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 3rd, 1886, in Briņķi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_jekabs_peterss_desc_body$§!
Ernests Morics
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 13th, 1889, in Stende, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LErnests Morics was born in the north of Courland in 1889. During the Bolshevik Revolution, he made robust connections with labour leaders in Latvia's cities. Rather than flee abroad with his comrades before the ultimate end of the first Iskolat Republic, Morics found shelter among the ethnically diverse labour unions of the city of Riga.\n\nOwing to the predominantly agricultural character of Latvia, he failed to make inroads beyond the relatively small urban centres. Upon the re-founding of a socialist Latvia, he left Riga for Liepāja where he swore allegiance to the new state. Now, however, he has come to power in the Iskolat Republic in his own right. What Orthodox Syndicalism should look like in a nation of peasants is anyone's guess.§!
Constitutional Assembly
§YFounded:§! §L1936, in Valmiera, Vidzeme Canton, Latvian Republic§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Constitutional Assembly is a temporary body which collectively serves as the provisional head of state of the new Latvian state. What or who will replace it is uncertain, but it surely will be superseded.§!
Pauls Kalniņš
During the Russian Civil War, Kalniņš became the de facto leader of the right-wing of the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party that refused to participate in the Iskolat Republic, even in the face of German domination. He instead lead his faction into a tentative alliance with the short-lived moderate-conservative independence movement headed by Kārlis Ulmanis, and along with Ulmanis acquiesced to German political control. Even after Ulmanis left the nascent Baltic Duchy to organise anew for Baltic independence in the Russian Republic, Kalniņš remained and
a leading voice for native Balts - Latvians and Estonians alike - in the face of a hostile ethnic-German nobility.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1872, in Mazpečuļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_start$ became $LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_end$\n\nKalniņš, as leader of the opposition in the Baltic Landtag, the Democratic Bloc, was typically willing to work with the German liberals under Paul Schiemann, although he often decried Schiemann's economic and political reform agenda as insufficient. When the Baltic Duchy swiftly devolved into chaos following Black Monday, Kalniņš finally threw his lot in with the Baltic independence movements, bolstering them substantially and seeing his star rise rapidly in the Latvian camp. With the establishment of a free Latvian Republic, Kalniņš was declared its provisional president.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 3rd, 1872, in Mazpečuļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_start$ has become $LAT_pauls_kalnins_desc_body_end$§!
Margers Skujenieks
§YBorn:§! §LJune 22nd, 1886, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LMargers Skujenieks was born in 1886 in Riga. He left the Latvian Social Democratic Workers' Party prior to the establishment of the Iskolat Republic, and though this action cost him much of his influence among the Latvian centre-left, he eventually built a power base among ethnic Latvians in Riga and the surrounding region.§!
Pēteris Juraševskis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1872, in Pilnzābaki, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPēteris Juraševskis was born in Courland in 1872. He participated, along with Ulmanis, in the aborted right-wing Latvian government during the Russian Civil War. Under the United Baltic Duchy, he became a prominent advocate for the Latvian middle class in Courland and won a few high-level concessions from the German-dominated government, though these victories won him only limited acclaim among the Latvian population. Now, as leader of Latvia, he seeks to turn the new country into a stable democracy where the rights of all are respected within the framework of an ordered legal process.§!
Kārlis Ulmanis
Kārlis Ulmanis was born to wealthy farmers, and fled to the United States in light of his activism during the 1905 protests and the Russian crackdown. He organised in German-occupied Courland during the Weltkrieg and upon the outbreak of the Bolshevik Revolution, began to organise Latvian anti-socialists to proclaim independence. Following the German intervention, however, Ulmanis and his fellow leading conservatives unsuccessfully attempted to forge a middle path between independence and acquiescence to the German occupiers.\n\nWhile increasingly eclipsed by a younger generation of Latvian politicians, Ulmanis nonetheless was highly influential in developing the structure of the provisional Latvian government.
Now, as head of state in his own right, Ulmanis seeks to develop a state where the interests of ethnic Latvian landowners are advanced within an orderly and efficient framework
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$ $LAT_karlis_ulmanis_leader_desc_mid$.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$ $LAT_karlis_ulmanis_leader_desc_mid$, though he has governed in an increasingly authoritarian manner as needed.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1877, in Pikši, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_karlis_ulmanis_desc_body$§!
Jānis Kurelis
Jānis Kurelis was born to a family of civil servants. He was eventually commissioned as a lieutenant in the Russian army and served with distinction in both the war with Japan and the Weltkrieg. During the Russian Civil War, he led a group of White-aligned Latvian soldiers in Siberia nominally swearing allegiance to the nascent Latvian proto-state which emerged under German occupation and opposed the Iskolat government in Liepāja. He eventually returned to Latvia along with his loyal rifleman in the chaos shortly before German control was fully consolidated; under the nominal authority of the former anti-communist Latvian government, he began to organise armed Latvian resistance to German rule in the Baltic in cooperation with his fellow in Estonia.\n\nKurelis's \
of which he leveraged his role at the head of the organisation to consolidate control over Latvia.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$, $LAT_janis_kurelis_leader_desc_mid$ Though he governs according to constitutional principles, as head of both state and government, Kurelis is afforded much breathing room by the nation's basic law.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$, $LAT_janis_kurelis_leader_desc_mid$ Now, Kurelis's control over Latvia is total and he governs as he pleases without any effective legal checks on his power.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 6th, 1882, in Bērņi, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_janis_kurelis_desc_body$.§!
Kristaps Upelnieks
Kristaps Upelnieks was born in 1891 in southeastern Latvia. He returned to Latvia before even Kurelis himself and rose through the ranks of the \
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1891, in Klūgi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_kristaps_upelnieks_desc_body$ His governing principles are modelled on the precepts of Kurelis himself.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 24th, 1891, in Klūgi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_kristaps_upelnieks_desc_body$§!
Gustavs Celmiņš
From an early stage, Gustavs Celmiņš aligned with ethnic Latvian nationalists within the heavily German city of his birth, drawing the ire of the newly formed United Baltic government based there. He eventually dropped out of university and joined the \
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1899, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_gustavs_celmins_desc_body$ Now as the leader of Latvia, his dream of a Latvian nation united and purified of any possible foreign elements may become a reality.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1899, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$LAT_gustavs_celmins_desc_body$§!
Vilis Lācis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1904, in Rīnuži, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Alfrēds Bīlmanis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 2nd, 1887, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jūlijs Daniševskis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 15th, 1884, in Dobele, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Kārlis Karlsons
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 30th, 1907, in Riga, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Kaminskis
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1878, in Dzeņi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Alberts Kviesis
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1881, in Ērgļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Balodis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1881, in Vēžnieki, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Kornēlijs Veitmanis
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 31st, 1899, in Dumpuri, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Ludwig Adamovich
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 23rd, 1884, in Kubala, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Mārtiņš Peniķis
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1874, in Atālmauļi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Oskars Dankers
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1882, in Liepsalas, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Teodors Spāde
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 7th, 1891, in Ventspils, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Pēteris Radziņš
§YBorn:§! §LMay 2nd, 1880, in Jaunsvīdzes, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Eduards Kalniņš
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1876, in Plauži, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Vilis Janums
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1894, in Ilziņi, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Bērziņš
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1889, in Kliģene, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Indāns
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1895, Indāni, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Artūrs Silgailis
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 13th, 1895, in Mežmuiža, Courland Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Jānis Fridrihsons
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 7th, 1892, in Ļaudona, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire§!
Voldemārs Ozols
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1884, in Vidreja, Vitebsk Governorate, Russian Empire§!
Army Reform Council
§YFounded:§! §L1936, in Liepāja, Kurzeme Canton, Latvian Republic§!
Kārlis Irbītis
Repudiate the Failure of October
The Great October Revolution was supposed to bring a socialist revolution to the entire Russian Empire, but it was suppressed by the reactionaries. We, the remnants of the Bolsheviks, have returned to Moscow, and can finally avenge this failure. The Union of Soviets shall rise again!
VKP (b) - Centristy
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks))
VKP (b) - Oppozitsiya
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)) - Rabochnaya Oppozitsiya (Workers' Opposition)
VKP (b) - Oppozitsiya
Vsesoyuznaya Kommunisticheskaya Partiya (Bol'shevikov) (All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks)) - Levaya Oppozitsiya (Left Opposition)
October Restored
Soviet Russia, upholding the tenets of Leninism, was destroyed by the reactionaries in 1920, but has now been restored with the effort of the Latvian proletariat. Now, no reactionary or revisionist shall ever overthrow it!
Formulate Marxism-Leninism
Now entrenched in Russia, we must turn the memory of Lenin's ideas and the brief experience of the Soviet republic into a concise ideology, one which can rival Syndicalism. Marxism-Leninism eschews the decentralisation of our Syndicalist opponents and promotes the supremacy of the Party vanguard, a collective of dutiful socialists who can orchestrate the construction of socialism effectively.
Establish the Red Army
Syndicalist experiments at militias and communal defence have shown their weakness. The socialist motherland can only be defended by a strong, centralised military which is overseen by ideological commissars to ensure their loyalty to the Revolution.
Supremacy of the Party
The Communist Party is the only driving force of socialism in the Union. Trade unions, communes, the army, law enforcement and all other institutions must be under the complete control of Party officials, to ensure their loyalty to Marxism-Leninism from beginning to end.
Breakneck Industrialisation
Our experience in Latvia has shown that central planning and a massive focus on industry can turn even a small state into an industrial powerhouse in a mere five years. Let us replicate this experience across the scale of the entire Union, and witness our potential grow.
Collectivisation
In Latvia, we replaced private farms with agricultural collectives and witnessed the amount of grain extracted grow. To fuel our industrial potential, we must have a powerful agricultural base which can export grain to the world - and so, we shall begin collectivisation across the entire Union.
Construct Humanity Anew
Above all, we must pursue the creation of a New Man - a New Soviet Man. Old traditions and ignorance will be uprooted, and replaced with ideals which will help us establish a socialist paradise. The new humanity will be intelligent, educated, atheist, heroic, and loyal to the home of socialism.
World Revolution
Our ultimate goal should be no less than the liberation of all of humanity - and we shall do it solely our way. Not as a puppet of the Syndicalists, but as a vanguard force which will destroy reactionaries and revisionists alike, bringing forth a new, socialist world.
Our Natural Borders
Once envisioned as the expanse of the Soviet republic in 1917, the borders of the Russian Empire must once again become our borders. The peoples of these lands will be integrated into the Union as sister republics.
Onwards to Europe!
The European proletariat yearns to be liberated by the might of the Red Army. We shall provide this liberation, via force, if necessary.
Liberation of Asia
The massive numbers of the Asian workers, peasants and proletarians have suffered for long enough. The might of the Red Army will break their shackles.
Unstoppable Advance
There shall be no rest until the flag of the socialist revolution flies across the entire world - old world, new world, it matters little in the face of historical inevitability. All reactionaries and revisionists who stand in our path will be crushed.
Marxism-Leninism
World Revolution
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade European States§!
Unlocks Decision: £decision_icon_small §YInvade Asian States§!
Cores will be gained upon all owned claims.
