Fengtian
Regionalist Sentiment
Our government's national goals have always clashed with more localised regionalist messages, which hold greater appeal among the broadly apolitical majority than high-minded republican ideals. Although Zhang Zuolin once rode regionalist sentiment to his current position as ruler, it now threatens to derail his plans to again go south of the Great Wall, conquer Beijing, and reclaim all of China.
Regionalist Resentment
Triggered by rumours, anger simmers quietly in some portions of the public, while others have begun to take to the streets in protest.
Regionalist Outrage
The government's attempts to suppress the so-called 'Dongbei Party' have, at least temporarily, backfired as protests have rapidly evolved into riots in some urban centres. The violence is not yet extreme, but it doesn't need to be. The government now has the justification it needs to crack down and suppress this subversive movement once and for all.
Backward Industry
While Fengtian may contain the second largest industrial base in East Asia, its size conceals obsolete machinery, inefficient practices, and severe mismanagement. Only extensive reforms, backed by a great deal of investment can overcome these challenges.
Divided Governance
Despite its claims to the contrary, the Fengtian Government is plagued by endemic corruption, infighting, and abuse of power. While this is nothing out of the ordinary for China, it impedes the proper functioning of government and limits support for the regime. Should any of the governing factions gain too much influence, disastrous consequences are sure to follow.
Investment Dearth
The economic collapse that followed Fengtian's entry into the last Zhifeng War severely damaged its fiscal base and financial credibility, leaving the government with few creditors, and private businesses with severely limited options. Few have the confidence to invest in Fengtian, either at home or abroad.
Limited Investment
Thanks to government incentives investment has grown, but there is still an overall shortage. We must look to other sources to provide the funds we need.
Intelligence Leak
Through gross incompetence, or even more questionable reasons, a minister has leaked vital intelligence to Fengtian's enemies.
The Year of Righteous Effort
With the Grand Marshal's Proclamation, the nation is united in a strenuous effort to prepare for the rigours of war.
Japanese Aid Cut
Japan has cut all aid to the government as a means of punishment for what it sees as insubordination.
Buying Silver
Silver, by definition, is expensive and the government is presently buying a great deal of it. Once the reserve is full, however, it will have a reliable basis for currency and credit.
Central Bank Collapse
The Central Bank seems to have misplaced millions of taels worth of silver precisely as Japanese banks called for their loans to be repaid. How could this have happened?
The Kwantung Army
The Kwantung Army has been in Manchuria for decades, but their crucial role during Guo Songling's revolt in 1925 gave all the leverage they needed to move their headquarters to Shenyang, greatly increasing their influence over the government. Now they operate as a de-facto military mission and occupational force, protecting the railroads, providing material aid, and giving 'advice'. Unfortunately, ignoring this advice can have dire consequences.
Educational Vacuum
The sudden absence of certain teachers, professors, and scientists has left a troublesome educational vacuum. Foreign and domestic replacements can be found, but at a cost, and not without great inconvenience.
Post-Colonial Chaos
Even at its most limited, Mantetsu's grip on Fengtian's economy and infrastructure was tight, and now as its carefully laid systems and structures collapse, the country as a whole is crippled. It will take time to rebuild and reorganise, but if Mantetsu's influence was greater, it could have been far worse.
Post-Colonial Chaos
Mantetsu's grip on Fengtian's politics, economy, and infrastructure was tight, and now as its carefully laid systems and structures collapse, the country as a whole is crippled. It will take time to rebuild and reorganise, but if Mantetsu's influence was even greater, it could have been worse.
Post-Colonial Chaos
Mantetsu's grip on Fengtian's politics, economy and infrastructure was choking, and now as its carefully laid systems and structures collapse, the country as a whole is utterly crippled. It will take a very long time to rebuild and reorganise.
Disastrous Governance
The Recovery League's thorough grip on power has begun to fray the state's already tenuous grasp on legitimacy.
Army Dominance
The Zhang Clique and the Army have a thorough grip on government, causing the other political factions to turn to unconventional means to limit their control. Unfortunately, these means and the Zhang Clique's abuses of power have dire consequences.
Plutocratic Exploitation
The Communications Clique's iron grip on the nation's government has allowed it to engage in an entirely new level of exploitation and greed, reducing the state's legitimacy and attracting unprecedented Japanese political pressure.
The Heilongjiang Defection
Having long been a rival and opponent of Yang Yuting under the guise of the late Zhang Zuolin's tenure in the Three Northeastern Provinces, Ma Zhanshan and Zhang's close allies from his days as a bandit, the Heilongjiang Clique, have defected following Yuting's assumption as Grand Marshal of the Fengtian Government. Taking with them the equivalent of 3 million silver dollars from the reserve, it has had a sordid effect on the administration's financial capacity.
The Heilongjiang Insurgency
Denied their offering of service to the enemy, the Heilongjiang Clique of Ma Zhanshan, Wan Fulin, and Wu Junsheng have decided to take matters into their own hands. Staging a call for national resistance across radio channels in the Northeast, they have begun to sap potential recruits to their cause, and attack various garrisons all across Dongbei. Whilst unlikely to transform into a full-scale revolt against the new Fengtian authorities, it is nonetheless a pressing matter that requires considerable government attention, much of which could be directed towards the interior.
The Legations Deal
Through some clever politicking, and perhaps some backroom 'negotiation', the Economic Minister has secured a valuable trade deal with the Legation Cities.
China Welfare Fund
Controversial Women Suffrage
Towards the Third Principle
Negotiated Provincial Revenues
Baojia System
Bingzhan Network
Suppressed Labour Movement
Although labourers have become a crucial part of Chinese society, they have also become a hotbed for the burgeoning Chinese socialist movement. Such ideals have always been and shall continue to be the disease of the heart, and the Anguojun shall provide the necessary cure to such an ailment.
Worker Loyalty
If our nation shall one day achieve anything close to the power of the Great Dynasties of old, then our nation must be of one mind. Talk of class warfare only divides the people when national success brings prosperity to all walks of life. Just as the Grand Marshal must have the people's best interests at heart, so too must all classes have the nation's best interests at heart. Only then shall the Chinese people reap the rewards of faith, and surpass even the greatest empires of the West.
Centralised Provincial Revenues
During the Heights of the Warlord Era, any warlord could claim Beijing or Guangzhou on their own and concurrently become the President of the Republic. As such, the provinces zealously guarded their wealth from being taxed by rivals on the Republican throne, instead opting to utilise provincial revenues to fund their own armies and local economies.\n\nSuch a time of disunity has come to an end now, with the triumph of the Anguojun over its greatest rivals. If China is to become strong once more, then the entire nation must operate under a singular vision, just as a symphony must follow the whims of one sole conductor. Parallel tax codes and legal systems must be abolished, and all shall bend the knee to China's true government.
Primacy of the Loyalists
Unlike the pompous Wu Peifu who attended the great Baoding Academy and the liberal intellectuals of the south who scoff at the Fengtian Government, our Marshal Zhang came from nothing. He was born into abject poverty, and became a bandit in his youth. It was during this time that Zhang met many like him, and forged with them a brotherhood of steel. These bands of brothers were collectively absorbed into the Qing military following the Russo-Japanese War, and sided with the Imperial Government and Beiyang Army during the Xinhai Revolution.\n\nZhang and his brothers came to form the nucleus of the Fengtian Clique, and this tight-knit assortment of bandits-turned-warlords were able to achieve political dominance over China for a time. Even though Marshal Zhang's government ended up losing Beijing in 1927, the Fengtian Clique's cohesive structure allowed them to once again claim control over the Forbidden City. It was through friends and family that Marshal Zhang was able to achieve final victory over his rivals, and his allies will continue to serve as the core of the Anguojun military force.
Thorough Command Reforms
Every military clique in China has its centre, but it is not the centre that often leads to victory. No, it is the efforts and sacrifice of its most diligent, those who dare to dream of greatness and those who are not afraid to take it. While the Japanese military has adopted meritorious reforms, it seems that China and the Fengtian Clique continue to lag behind on such measures. The Grand Marshal must see to it that the Chinese military is not purely structured around his friends and family, but also the best and brightest young stars who emerge from the haystack, who shall continue to perform great deeds in service to the nation, and perhaps lead it one day.
Triumph of the Model Officers
In Japan, many promising young Chinese students learned how to conduct war in the Japanese fashion. Upon returning home, they brought their knowledge with them, and transformed the military around themselves. Sun Chuanfang rose to become not just a petty warlord, but master of Eastern China. Chiang Kai-shek became the military director of the Kuomintang, and was responsible for the training of Whampoa students. Meanwhile in the Fengtian Clique, the Shikan Clique has been responsible for many of Marshal Zhang's victories. The Marshal has recognised the achievements of the meritorious, and has allowed their methods to be the guiding force of the new Chinese military.
Japanese Economic Union
Industrial Soy Shortage
Supporting the Anqing Clique
Supporting the Shandong Clique
(§Y[SHD.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_two_tt$
Expel the Japanese Bandits!
The time has come to drive the Japanese intruders from China, and end a century of unbearable national humiliation!
Break Mantetsu's Monopoly
Japan's South Manchuria Railway Company has long held a stranglehold on Manchuria's logistics network, limiting our ability to respond quickly should they attack us - or should we attack them. Taking control of the Japanese railways won't be easy, since they will no doubt sabotage what they can, and our engineers will be forced into unfamiliar circumstances.
National Legitimacy
Economic Concessions from Fengtian
Economic Concessions to Guangdong
£pol_idea Mantetsu Influence
Mantetsu Influence
Mantetsu's economic influence spreads across the country and throughout the Assembly - at times beneficial, at others merely benign, but always concerning. While the Fengtian Government is currently committed to resisting Japanese influence, this may not last forever.
[MantetsuPP][MantetsuStability][MantetsuWarSupport][MantetsuConstructionSpeed][MantetsuMaxEfficiency][MantetsuFactoryOutput]
Modify §HMantetsu Influence§! by\n$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: §G+10.00%§!\n
$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_political_power|=%+0]\n
$MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_political_power|=%+0]
$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_stability|=%+]\n
$MODIFIER_STABILITY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_stability|=%+]
$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_war_support|=%+]\n
$MODIFIER_WAR_SUPPORT_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_war_support|=%+]
$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_construction_speed|=%+]\n
$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_SPEED_BUILDINGS_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_construction_speed|=%+]
$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_max_efficiency|=%+]\n
$MODIFIER_PRODUCTION_FACTORY_MAX_EFFICIENCY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_max_efficiency|=%+]
$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.FNG_mantetsu_factory_output|=%+]\n
£pol_idea Mantetsu Profits
Mantetsu Profits
The South Manchuria Railway Company, informally known as Mantetsu, has had a presence in Manchuria since the end of the Russo-Japanese War. Today, its operations span the region's width, and form the heart of its growing industrial economy. Mantetsu provides more gross revenue for the Japanese Government than the rest of its empire combined.\n\n§YThis national spirit's effects will increase the higher [FNG.GetFlag] [FNG.GetName]'s §jJapanese Influence§! is.§!
$MODIFIER_LOCAL_RESOURCES_FACTOR$: [?FNG.JAP_mantetsu_resource_gain|=%+]\n$MODIFIER_INDUSTRIAL_CAPACITY_FACTOR$: [?FNG.JAP_mantetsu_factory_output|=%+]
Has more than §H75%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
Has between §H50%§! and §H75%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
Has between §H25%§! and §H50%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
Has between §H0%§! and §H25%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
§jJapanese Influence§! has been §Yexpelled§!
§jJapanese Influence§! has not been §Yexpelled§!
Disgruntled Army
In China, looting has long been seen as the right of any victorious soldier. Now the Fengtian Army has been denied that right, and they are not happy about it.
North China Famine
The densely populated North China Plain is notoriously prone to famine, and relies on imports from elsewhere in China to maintain even a basic level of subsistence. With the chaos and destruction of war, and its separation from food-rich areas to the south and west, the region's new occupiers are struggling to maintain order and keep their own troops fed.
Anqing Reconstruction Plan
In order for Anqing to recover quickly so it can join us in the Reclamation War, we are sending significant aid to them.
Disagreements in Economic Policy
Yang Yuting had some disagreements with the Shenyang Chamber of Commerce. These were resolved but unfortunately bullets are messy, and sometimes their consequences are even messier.
Successful Infiltration of Shanhaiguan
Army Shortcomings
Despite years of reform, we still suffer from significant morale and leadership issues. Perhaps these issues can be solved in time for our forces to move south of the great wall...
Army Shortcomings
$FNG_Fengtian_Army_1_desc$
Army Shortcomings
Despite the state of the Fengtian army drastically improving since its defeat in 1928, it is still not up to scratch in many aspects when compared to other modern armies. These shortcomings must be rectified if it has any hope of uniting China.
Japanese Instructors
The Fengtian Army
The Fengtian Army
The Fengtian Army
The Fengtian Army
The Fengtian Army
Legacy of the 3rd Mixed Brigade
Cavalry Reforms
Cavalry Reforms
Mobilisation of the Northeast
Monster on Rails
Railway gun expenses
The Japanese Model
Army Purges
§GBecause we completed the §Y$FNG_Shikan_Clique_Chosen$§! focus, these penalties will be less harsh.§!
§RBecause we did not complete the §Y$FNG_Shikan_Clique_Chosen$§! focus, these penalties will be harsher.§!
Local Armoured Warfare Programme
The popular image of a warlord is that of an arbitrary tyrant: a cruel, uneducated autocrat with little regard to human life, ceaseless avarice, and surrounded by a decadent court of vice and yesmen. The reality is much more nuanced. Many warlords were well-educated and kept up to date with international political trends, and while most had a ruthless streak, that was hardly uncommon in China. Furthermore, while most were autocrats, they hardly ruled alone: they were backed by a complex web of politicians, generals, economic elites, social figures, and intellectuals.
Federalist Spirit: §cTwin Dragons Taming the Water§!
The modern Chinese Federalist rose and fell across the first half of the 1920s. A coalition of constitutionalists, democrats, and regionalists - they banded together amid the continued North-South stalemate at the peak of the warlord era. Their calls for the various provinces to work towards implementing local self-government and then peacefully unite together into a federal republic achieved some traction, but after a promising start it was rejected by both northern and southern governments, with further discrediting by the Zhili's successful unification by force.\n\nIn what almost seems like a cruel joke, it would appear that the final attempt to bridge the North-South divide as of recent has proved its most fruitful; finally, after decades, the nation is united in somewhat amiable terms. Albeit, the situation is far from genuine. With Zhang Junmai thrust into the position of compromise Premier for a President who would rather surf the delights of hedonism than heed governance, the government has found itself miraculously inefficient at even the most basic conducts of Governance. United on the surface, it takes but one glance beneath to witness all the cracks manifesting in the Republic's hastily composed structures.
Political Legitimacy: §cThe FInely Oiled Machine§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nRuling akin to how an entrepreneur runs a business, the various maestros, masters, and suits underneath the aloof President Xueliang have been emboldened once more to conduct statecraft as they deem fit. Deigned with assets, influence, knowledge and know-how, the Communication's Clique have risen far from their once lowly heights of shattered irrelevancy into that of national prominence. Anyone who is anyone, or wants to be, must grease the wheels of Communication's political machine, and in return be rewarded handsomely for their efforts. Politics and the meddling of politicians may take the backseat, for economic management and reconstruction are the necessary antidotes for China's woes.
Political Legitimacy: §gIn the Eye of the Beiyang Tiger§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nMiraculously, it would appear that the lessons learned by Duan Qirui and his Anhui Clique did not necessarily die with their loss of status; for their methods have been observed, studied, and reinforced into an entirely new-method of dominant rulership. Once a motley crew of exiled politicians and failures, the Recovery League has managed to bolster its numbers with undeniable expertise under the guise of the Five Races, and through the efforts of men such as Pan Fu, Gu Weijun, and Wang Yitang, the Old Marshal appears to have had his wish granted; a state utterly subservient to him and his family, staffed by wise scholars akin to the days of old.
Political Legitimacy: §nStewardship of Providence§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nFew would believe careerism and meritocracy to be physical barriers on one's own potential to rise up through the ranks, but then those individuals would not have been ingratiated within the Fengtian Clique. A longtime enemy of the Young Marshal and his followers, Yang Yuting and his Shikan Clique have managed to navigate through the Fengtian familial quagmire, and upend the decades of dominance of the Zhang Family. In a Napoleonic demeanour, in conjunction with the lessons learned from the Japanese, and collaborating with the Communication's Clique and Young China Party, President Yang has restored modernity, progress, and vitality to the ailing Middle Kingdom.
Political Legitimacy: §PA Chinese Shogun§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nRather curiously, it would appear that overwhelming attitudes dissuading an \
Political Legitimacy: §nThe Marionette Regime§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nFinally sundered, the Middle Kingdom has finally been brought to heel under the jackboot of the Rising Sun. Considering the circumstances behind the promulgation of the Reformed Government, the Kwantung Army have expanded their operations from beyond Manchuria, and in-conjunction with Japanese forces in Tianjin, Shanghai, and elsewhere, have taken the reigns in formulating the new Chinese \
Political Legitimacy: §gBeiyang's Compradors§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nDeveloping a knack for political survival in the least likely of circumstances, President Wang Yitang and the various members of the Recovery League, once Marshal Zhang's common courtiers, have managed to rally the forces of the Five Races Under One Union into a new Beiyang Republic, auspciously under Japanese watch. Without having bend to the whims of of autocrats or superiors, bar Tokyo, Wang has been granted the full capacities of his position to implement his desired social policies reminiscent of his time during the heyday of the Anfu Club. Whatever the case may be, Wang's policies serve to benefit the Japanese first, and his people second, even if he is unwilling.
Political Legitimacy: §cGovernance of Monopolies§!
$FNG_beiyang_popular_support_intro$\n\nOnce scuttered to political irrelevancy following the November Riots, the New Communications Clique's term in the shadows would see a brief resurgence of its old rivals in the Old Communications Clique; Liang Shiyi and Zhou Ziqi. Ultimately however, with the reliance of the Fengtian Clique on Japan and the resurgence of Pro-Japanese policy, men once considered traitos such as Zhang Zongxiang, Lu Zongyu and Cao Rulin were able to claw back their relevancy. Furthermore ascending under the Japanese instituted government, the New Communications Clique seeks to finalise its mission of the 1910s: to industrialise and modernise the nation, and rake in the profits whilst doing so.
Waging the War of Minds and Bodies
The Reformed Government of China stands as a beacon of law and order, starkly against the chaos that has engulfed China ever since the National Protection War. However, the government must continue to consolidate control of the hinterlands, as rebels continue to agitate against the new order in Asia. The people will eventually lose respect for our government too, should these insurrectionists continue to mount insult after insult to the [ROOT.GetLeader] administration. The Reformed Government must root out these parasites and deal with them accordingly.
War of National Pacification
Although Japan and China continue to stand as the two pillars of Asian ascendancy, the Dragon cannot continue to solely eat from the hands of the Rising Sun. The New China must organise an army strong enough to consolidate China by itself, against all agitators who seek to plunge our nation back into its darkest hour. The Heping Jianguojun stands strong, the Heping Jianguojun stands firm. Zhonghua Minguo wansui!
Preparing the Students
The nation itself may be disunited, but an even greater threat looms on the horizon. Our erstwhile \
Reviving Chinese Financial Stability
Suffice to say, China's financial situation has been less than ideal. With the majority of its banking wealth absorbed into coastal cities such as Tianjin, Hong Kong, or Shanghai, the stability of the nation's finance lies much outside its own control. Similarly, decades of warfare and the lack of a true, strong, resilient Central Government has resulted both in a distrust for Chinese credit, an influx in inordinate local currencies, and even the hoarding of assets in times of great struggle. It will take a monumental effort, but the government can at least work towards rebuilding China's commerce.
Pacification by Chinese Might
Like in the days of the Jin Dynasty, President Yuan Shikai was unable to maintain order across the Middle Kingdom and the Central State once again plunged into chaos, as two governments emerged, each claiming to represent all of China. Marshal [ROOT.GetLeader]'s government inherits the legacy of the Beiyang Army, the most righteous and modernising force across all China.\n\nMeanwhile, the ignoble Guangzhou Government claims succession from the vile Sun Yat-sen who in his derangement brought the scourge of Marxism into our sacred nation's heart. Against liberals who foolishly call themselves humane and socialist bandits who steal from rich and poor alike, the Anguojun Government marches forward to restore not just order, but spiritual restoration to a nation suffering from the sickness of imperialism.
Maximising Production Line Efficiency
In the West, superior manufacturing has resulted in the shifting of borders and the toppling of Empires. While Fengtian boasts the greatest industrial base in all of China, such industrial might is useless if it isn't harnessed to its fullest potential. The Empire of Japan to the East and the Russian Bear to the North wield far superior manufacturing methods to our own, and if China is to freed by itself, then the Anguojun Government must institute much-needed production regulations and organisation in order to produce enough military equipment to ensure the Anguojun remains the best supplied force in the nation.
Intolerable Political Realities
Although the Fengtian Government stands once more as the true Central Government based in Beijing, a Government of Tradition and Order seems to continue to elude the Chinese people. The Anguojun continue to support such lofty ideals, but the provisional government, which previously only ruled in Shenyang, is currently unsuitable to administer provinces south of the Great Wall with great effectiveness. Governance barely extends beyond city walls, and many administrative posts remain vacant as [ROOT.GetLeader]'s administration scrambles to fill in all the posts.
Endemic Economic Malaise
In 1926, Zhang Zuolin found the Fengtian Dollar struggling to maintain value and hoped to secure foreign loans to sustain the ailing economy. The Northern Expedition only served to exacerbate the fragile economy, and the Fengtian Dollar suffered collapse after Wu's Zhili Clique pushed Zhang back across the Great Wall. Such was the state of the Northeastern economy that the Russian opportunists attempted to encroach on Chinese land, which was only stopped by capitulation to the Japanese.\n\nAlthough Japanese aid largely restabilised Anguojun finances, it would seem that the National Reclamation War has once again rendered the Fengtian economy on the brink. Many foreign businesses find themselves unwilling to operate in our lands so long as banditry and violence remains prevalent in urban centres, and many Chinese businesses which operated based on the Zhili order have now found themselves displaced in the New China. Marshal [ROOT.GetLeader] must see the economic woes patched or risk losing the support of the people.
Crippling Army Rivalries
Although the Fengtian Clique remains one of the more cohesive military cliques operating in China, it too has also been prone to division. While Marshal Zhang Zuolin and his sworn-brothers formed the nucleus of the army initially, the Fengtian Army developed its own assortment of Young Guard factions in the coming years. Zhang's oldest son Zhang Xueliang upon graduating from the Fengtian Military Academy established his own inner circle within the Fengtian Military, which came to be known as the Shaoshuai Clique. When Zhang welcomed Yang Yuting and other Japanese-trained NCOs into the Fengtian military, these officers formed the Shikan Clique, which called for Japanese-inspired military reforms.\n\nA third progressive Young Guard faction was established by the rising Fengtian officer Guo Songling, who utterly despised Yang and his Shikan Clique. Ultimately, Guo would lead a rebellion following the 2nd Zhifeng War which resulted in his death and the destruction of his posse, but the scars of the Anti-Fengtian revolt continue to reverberate in the Anguojun Army. Zhang Xueliang never forgave Yang's execution of his old friend and mentor, and this second Fengtian victory has once again led to increased ambitions and heightened tensions. Should [ROOT.GetLeader] hope to maintain an orderly regime, he must see to it that a Anti-Fengtian revolt does not occur under his watch.
An Army of Traitors
What duty or honour is there to derive from an institution deployed against its own countrymen? Such is a question that looms large and with longevitiy in the minds of many of the Heping Jianguojun's common soldiers. Money is an incentive, of course, but it cannot cleanse one's own soul. Those few men of military talent that opted for collaboration remain sparce and scattered, whilst the army itself is incredibly reliant upon Japanese arms and materiel to support even the most basic of garrison efforts.
Hollowed Out Economy
An occupation authority transformed into a new state, few would have had high hopes for the Reformed Government's economic situation upon the arrival of \
Collaboration: The Great Evil
Hanjian. That is the term they use to describe those within the current government. Traitors not only to their country, but to the whole Chinese race. But collaboration is a complex construct, and the various individuals gathered under the halls of the new Chinese administration have all reached the embrace of Tokyo for various reasons. Numbering among them: genuine sympathy, material conditions, dissonance with the previous power structures, and so on. Yet not all collaborators are equal, especially those unwilling or otherwise forced. Nonetheless, the sin they have committed is great, and the nation will not soon forget it.
The New Oligarchy
In the Imperial Era, society was led by the prosperous gentry class, and learned scholarly men. Such men will continue to hold high status in the New China, but the realities of our nation demand a new elite to lead the charge forward. In the West, it was the plutocratic class and industrious businessmen who brought about economic modernisation, and the Chinese people must learn from their successes whilst avoiding their mistakes. Yesterday's China was the Great Empire of the Past, Today's China is the sleeping tiger, and Tomorrow's China is the Dragon Reborn.
Achieving National Statism
Zeng Qi and his friends learned much from their squabbles with their old Marxist friends. While they fell into the delusion of international socialism, Zeng understood that socialism is best implemented for the cause of the home nation alone. Coining such an ideology as National Statism, it became the pillar of the Young China Party. China will be reborn not through the death of the Old China, but a celebration of both Old and New China to truly honour the dream of 1911, and establish a Nationalistic, Corporatist, and Confucian China.
True Equality of the Five Races
Unlike the Southern rebels who fought for a Han China, the New China built from the experiences of the Northeast fights for all races under its flag. The Concordia Association was founded to bring about ethnic harmony across Dongbei, and now such dreams will flower not only in Heilongjiang, but in the far reaches of the nation, from Kunming to Hulunbuir, from Kashgar to Harbin! Together, the equal races shall build a fairer China, one that shall usher in a new era of peace and prosperity.
Financing Reformed Reconstruction
Deft diplomats and experts at business management, the New Communications Clique have managed to secure lucrative loans, fantastic trade deals, and the compliance of other industrial and merchant groups within China in order to finacne their grand plans for national economic reconstruction. Whilst observers would decry the establishment of monopolies and massive conglomerates of businesses, the necessary endeavours required by the state to pursue national revival cannot be produced merely by petty capital.
£rifle_texticon §H800§! £command_power §Y30§!
£rifle_texticon §R800§! £command_power §R30§!
It costs $FNG_800_inf_30_CP_blocked$ to take the decision
£rifle_texticon §H600§! £command_power §Y30§!
£rifle_texticon §R600§! £command_power §R30§!
It costs $FNG_600_inf_30_CP_blocked$ to take the decision
£rifle_texticon §H300§! £command_power §Y30§!
£rifle_texticon §R300§! £command_power §R30§!
It costs $FNG_300_inf_30_CP_blocked$ to take the decision
Fifth Zhili-Fengtian War
Manchu-Fengtian War
War of National Reclamation
Manchu overlords
Western imperialist masters
divisive warlord politics
radical syndicalist masters
divisive federalist politics
divisive regionalist aims
Heilongjiang
Xingan
Liaobei
Nenjiang
Buteha
Liaoyuan
Join the [QIE.GetAdjective]-[FNG.GetAdjective] War
Favour the Recovery League
Favour the Zhang Clique
Favour the Communications Clique
Favour the Shikan Clique
Wang Yongjiang's Legacy
Sell Anshan Iron & Steel
Anshan Iron & Steel has been a Sino-Japanese joint company ever since its establishment in 1916, with both sides having a measure of control over its management, profits, and product. Now Mantetsu wants to buy the company, and officially rename it 'Shōwa Steel'. Supposedly under their management the operation will be more efficient, and a measure of the profits and product will still make their way to our coffers.
Revise our Position on Looting
Our decision to permit looting of occupied areas may have been a mistake. Unfortunately rescinding popular orders after they've been given, not to mention restraining the men, will not be an easy undertaking.
Prevent looting in Zhili
It is said that the people fear soldiers like a flood, or like vicious beasts - they flee for their lives in terror.
Prevent looting in Henan
It is said that the people fear soldiers like a flood, or like vicious beasts - they flee for their lives in terror.
Prevent looting in Wuhan
It is said that the people fear soldiers like a flood, or like vicious beasts - they flee for their lives in terror. We must bring a halt to the chaos in Wuhan, or else see our national legitimacy suffer.
The Soy Agricultural Initiative
Fengtian's significant Korean minority are skilled rice planters, but soybeans have become an extremely desirable cash crop, as they provide not only an excellent source of food, fertiliser, and animal feed, but also an oil with industrial applications. Mantetsu undertook an effort to educate Koreans in Soy farming, but the response has been mixed. They now want our help to push this through.
Study Japanese Manufacturing Methods
Japan has fielded an industrial sector resembling those in the West for decades, far outstripping anything in Manchuria. We must learn all they will let us, and more.
Request Japanese Infantry Equipment
Japan has long provided us with a variety of military equipment, surely it can't hurt to ask for more.
Request Japanese Artillery
Japan's Kokura Arsenal has a long history of producing quality artillery, which would be of great assistance to our efforts.
Request Japanese Tanks
Japanese industry can produce tanks in enormous quantities far exceeding our own. Surely they must have some to spare.
Preparing for the Prince's Visit
The Japanese Emperor's uncle, Prince Kan'in Kotohito, will be arriving to tour the Northeast later this year. For such an honoured guest, especially one who could greatly shape the Shenyang-Tokyo relationship, we must ensure that everything is made eminently presentable. Rumours of a nationalist plot against the Prince's life must also be put to rest.
Increase Security in Shenyang
As rumours of a plot against the Japanese Prince's life swirl, we must improve security in the capital. While the rest of his visit may be unpredictable, it is no secret that he will visit both the Government and the Grand Marshal in Shenyang.
Investigate the Junior Officer Corps
While many idealistic younger officers openly agitate against the regressive Zhili regime to the south, as is appropriate, others also see Japan as an enemy. While their views may have some merit, we cannot allow these hot-headed individuals to sabotage the important Shenyang-Tokyo relationship.
Reinforce Soldierly Discipline
We cannot afford to have slovenly soldiers on display when Prince Kan'in Kotohito visits the troops. Nor can we permit dangerous radicals to be present.
Present Chinese Modernity
China is not a modern country, but with our recent efforts and a fresh coat of paint it might appear to be.
Militarise the Minsheng Truck
In the early 1930s Zhang Xueliang commissioned an American engineer to create China's first domestically produced automobile called 'Minsheng' or 'people's livelihood'. While never mass-produced, with the right modifications these hardy trucks could be adapted to serve military purposes.
Create Fortress Manchuria
The Yan Mountains to the South, the Lesser Khigan Range to the West, and the Bohai Gulf to the East create a natural fortress around the Manchurian plain, leaving the Shanhai Pass as the only easy point of entry. It is easy to fortify the Northeast when nature has already done so much of the work.
Rebuild the Second Army
The Fengtian Second Army, often called the 'Zhili Army' due to its recruiting grounds in Zhili Province, was one of Zhang Zuolin's premier fighting forces during the Zhifeng Wars. The unit suffered a loss of leadership following the defection of Guo Songling in 1925, and in 1928 its beleaguered soldiers found themselves stranded in Shandong. The subsequent peace saw this prestigious unit gradually disintegrate, as veterans enlisted with Zhang Zongchang, left for Manchuria, or returned to their families in Zhili. With North China again in our grasp, the time has come to raise the Second Army's old banner and return its name to glory!
Raise Independent Brigades in Dezhou
The collapse of [QIE.GetNameDef] has left broad swathes of the North China Plain open to marauding bandits, both those native to the region and former [QIE.GetName] troops turned criminal. With our lax policies on looting, it shouldn't be hard to rally these men and reorganise them into 'independent brigades'.
Raise Independent Brigades in Kaifeng
The collapse of [QIE.GetNameDef] has left broad swathes of the North China Plain open to marauding bandits, both those native to the region and former [QIE.GetName] troops turned criminal. With our lax policies on looting, it shouldn't be hard to rally these men and reorganise them into 'independent brigades'.
Raise Independent Brigades in Ruyang
The collapse of [QIE.GetNameDef] has left broad swathes of the North China Plain open to marauding bandits, both those native to the region and former [QIE.GetName] troops turned criminal. With our lax policies on looting, it shouldn't be hard to rally these men and reorganise them into 'independent brigades'.
Raise Independent Brigades in Guanzhong
The collapse of [QIE.GetNameDef] has left broad swathes of the North China Plain open to marauding bandits, both those native to the region and former [QIE.GetName] troops turned criminal. With our lax policies on looting, it shouldn't be hard to rally these men and reorganise them into 'independent brigades'.
Raise the Baoding Cadet Corps
The young Baoding Cadets were among the most vocal supporters of the Manchu monarchy in Beijing, and our victory in north China left all but a few imprisoned or sent home. Now the time has come for these men to fight on the right side of history. While some may question arming former enemies, their patriotism is unquestionable and in such dire times the country must come first.
Centralise the Banks
Fengtian currently features four note-issuing banks, namely the Bank of the Three Eastern Provinces, the Bank of Jilin, the Bank of Heilongjiang and the Frontier Bank, each of which are products of earlier centralisation efforts. Now it seems pertinent to complete this process and unify them all under a single Central Bank.
Re-Introduce the Fengtian Dollar
The Fengtian Dollar was one of former Civil Governor Wang Yongjiang's later experiments, and served as a currency not backed by silver but still payable in tax, demonstrating the government's faith in its value but requiring no extra silver to print. Following enormous government expenditures during the last Zhifeng War and subsequent inflation, the currency was discontinued, but its flexibility could be useful today in attracting additional investment.
Fill the Silver Reserve
The Fengtian Yuan, our principal currency, is backed by silver and in the past has even gained value against the Japanese Yen. This has been met by Japanese insistence that our reserves have never held enough silver to properly back the currency. Regrettably there may have been some truth to this, and so more silver must be purchased if we are to attract additional investment.
Solicit Chinese Investment
Chinese investment is at the heart of our efforts to return at least some control of Fengtian's economy to its people, instead of foreign powers. Incentives and careful planning are the only way forward.
Encourage Domestic Materials Investment
Worried by Japanese dominance of Fengtian's heavy industry sector, several wealthy businessmen with ties to the Communications Clique have offered to pool their resources to invest in several promising companies in Jinzhou, namely Zhaozin Ceramics Company, Jinzhou Railway Machinery, and the Northeastern Chemical Leather Plant.
Approve Domestic Investment in Heilongjiang
With Japanese investment often flooding into heavy industry and mining, a group of local investors have decided to pool their resources in order to back two Chinese companies struggling against Mantetsu competition. The Dongdai Fertiliser company and Shanjing Packing Plant will both continue to help Fengtian's burgeoning soy industry expand into the Northeastern frontier.
Solicit Japanese Investment
Unfortunately foreign capital is crucial to our development efforts, and so we must make attempts to attract Japanese alongside Chinese investors. While they won't receive the same incentives as our own citizens, they should be comforted by our recent filling of the silver reserves.
Mitsui Investment in Light Industry
Representatives of the Mitsui Zaibatsu are hoping to invest heavily in local businesses, specifically Dongxing Dye & Textile Company, Fengtian Industrial Paper, and Dongbei Glass. With controlling shares in all three companies, Mitsui would likely dominate our glass, paper, and textile industries for the foreseeable future, with only Mantetsu as competition.
Japanese Investment in Shipping and Tourism
Mantetsu has actively promoted tourism in China for years, drawing wealthy and middle class tourists to ride across Manchuria's 'exotic landscape' on its state of the art railways. However, its ambitions have never extended to the sea.\n\nA small group of wealthy investors from Tokyo now hope to partner with several local shipping companies and establish a water-borne alternative to Mantetsu's railway tourism, while performing shipping services on the side, thus creating 'Bohai Waterborne Enterprises'.\n
Sumitomo Minerals and Metals Investment
After talks with government representatives, the Sumitomo Zaibatsu has agreed to partially fund metals and mineral prospecting across Fengtian, in return for a proportional share in any companies created to extract any resources discovered. With rumours of gold in the Khigan Mountains and Tungsten in Fengtian province, their investment seems likely to pan out.
Approve Further Expansion at Anshan
With recent government funded expansion of the Anshan Mines and an atmosphere ripe for investment, Mantetsu has hopes to invest further capital in modernising and expanding its operations in and around Anshan.
Solicit Russian Investors
With the souring of relations with the Japanese, we no longer have access to our main source of foreign capital. While relations with the Russians recently have not been the best, we may be able to entice certain powerful Siberian businessmen to invest in our provinces along the border.
Upgrade Harbin Port Facilities
Since its construction at the end of the 19th century, Harbin's port has been an important economic asset to the area surrounding it, allowing goods to be shipped along the Songhua and Amur rivers. With the departure of the Japanese, Dalzavod is willing to invest in expanding Harbin's port facilities, resulting in increased trade between Northeastern China and the Russian Far East.
Heilongjiang Minerals Investment
With rumours of gold being discovered in northern Heilongjiang, the Amur Gold Mining Society is seemingly willing to invest in gold mining and prospecting operations along the Russian border. While they would get a significant portion of any resources extracted, it may prove useful in developing remote communities and provide our government with much needed wealth, as well as expanding general resource extraction capabilities in those regions.
Railway Construction
The Northeast has more railways than any other region of China, but virtually all of those of strategic relevance are owned and maintained by Mantetsu, on behalf of the Japanese Government. The National Transportation Commission wants to expand the smaller Chinese-owned network to in part to improve our infrastructure, but more importantly to reduce our strategic reliance on the Japanese.
Develop Infrastructure in Liaoning
Develop Infrastructure in Liaobei and Jilin
Develop Infrastructure in Nenjinang and Songjiang
Finish the Jilin-Shenyang Line
The reorganised NTC's first major project is finishing the Jilin-Shenyang Railway. Originally it was planned in 1927 by Zhang Zuoxiang as a way to counteract Japanese influence in his province. Unfortunately, the project met serious delays due to the eruption of war in the south, and Japanese attempts to stall construction. The line has been operating in limited capacity since 1931, but remains incapable of fulfilling its true purpose; providing a Chinese-controlled strategic alternative to the main line of the South Manchuria Railway. As an added bonus, it would bring additional economic development to areas of Jilin province not connected to the South Manchuria Railway's main line.
Finish the Pingqi Line
The NTC's next major project is the Siping-Qiqihar Line, or Pingqi line, which was originally proposed by the Japanese as part of a larger project to connect Mantetsu's smaller provincial lines with central lines running through major cities. Nearing completion in late 1927, any further construction was halted due to turmoil in the south and the need for funds elsewhere. While Mantetsu still holds significant control over the line at the moment, finishing the line should give us the edge needed to control it. However, most significantly, its completion would allow us to bypass the South Manchuria Railway when moving troops north towards Heilongjiang, thus decreasing Japan's control over our strategic decisions. Furthermore, an upgrade to the Pingqi line should also bring some much needed economic development to the relatively undeveloped northern reaches of Fengtian province.
Upgrade the Shenyang-Chengde Line
With the NTC's recent railway building spree providing more strategic flexibility when it comes to troop and resource movement within the northeast, it can finally turn its attention to our end goal, the reclamation of Beijing. With the opening of the Jincheng line as an extension of the pre-existing Shenyang-Shanhaiguan railway in 1934, Rehe was connected to the rest of the northeastern railway system thus allowing for greater logistical capabilities in the area. Upgrading this line should allow for our forces near the great wall to be better supplied when the inevitable conflict with our southern enemies finally occurs.
The Jinhan Railway
The Jinpu Railway
The Yuehan Railway
Currently reclaiming a railway
Japanese Interests in Manchuria
Japan has possessed a steadily growing presence in Manchuria ever since the Russo-Japanese War. Today it monopolises a great deal of Manchuria's heavy industry and railway system, epitomised by the \
The Road to Reclamation
The end of the last Zhifeng War in 1928 saw the exile of China's once thriving republican movement to the Northeast. Ever since, our forces have faced off against [QIE.GetAdjective] troops at Shanhaiguan, while Germany and Japan have waged a silent war of espionage across the coastal cities. One day soon, China will be reclaimed and reunited. But we must be careful that our Japanese \
\n\nJapanese influence is currently at [?FNG.FNG_JAP_influence_variable|j%0], we would be wise to keep it low and leave our options open.
\n\nJapanese influence has been §Yexpelled§!, we have only but ourselves to rely on now.
Promote National Irredentism
Despite our successful efforts to suppress the northeastern regionalist movement, a certain amount of apathy remains among the general population. In order to drum up the full support necessary for National Reclamation we must begin a wide-reaching propaganda campaign!
The Yanshan Plan
The most straightforward and realistic strategy for reclaiming the South involves an assault through the Province of Rehe and across the Yan Mountains to the South. With the pass at Shanhaiguan so narrow, mountain troops must be trained and equipped to widen the front.
Denounce Qing Monarchism
The regressive Qing claims to draw strength from its past, but in truth this only makes it weaker. We will bury their old ideas beneath the inexorable weight of the modernity!
Denounce Qing Monarchism
The regressive Qing claims to draw strength from its past, but in truth this only makes it weaker. We will bury their old ideas beneath the inexorable weight of the modernity!
Denounce German Imperialism
Germany is just the latest of the Western powers to torture and humiliate China. We will be a proud country again, but only once the Kaiser and his traitorous lackeys are thrown into the sea!
Denounce German Imperialism
Germany is just the latest of the Western powers to torture and humiliate China. We will be a proud country again, but only once the Kaiser and his traitorous lackeys are thrown into the sea!
Wu Wang Zai Ju
The ancient Chinese idiom 'Forget not what happened in Ju' alludes to the desperate defence of Ju, the state of Qi's final bastion, from which it lead a successful campaign to reclaim all of its lost territory. Manchuria shall be our Ju, from which we will reconquer all of China!
Shanhaiguan Infiltration
With the [QIE.GetAdjective]-Fengtian border mountainous and heavily militarised, even an attack at Shanhaiguan will be difficult. Some have proposed that we might ease our entry by infiltrating units, which will rise up once war begins, and attack the [QIE.GetAdjective] defenders from the rear.
Escalate the Propaganda War
We have sustained an intermittent propaganda war against [QIE.GetNameDef] for the past eight years. Now we must raise our voice and expand our reach!
The Grand Marshal's Proclamation
The Grand Marshal will, in a grand proclamation, denounce the illegitimacy of [CHN.GetNameDef] and its [GetBeijingGovernmentIdeology], and declare the end of an era of reconstruction and preparation. The new era, guided by the ideals set forward by the revolution, will be one of reconquest and national glory!
Begin the War of National Reclamation
The moment has come, after so long spent building our strength and biding our time, to declare the start of the War of National Reclamation! Ten thousand years to the Republic! Ten thousand years to the Grand Marshal! Onward for China!
Request Japanese Intervention
A foreign power has entered the ring and we are at risk of falling to their might. We will need an immediate intervention from our Japanese allies if we want to have a chance of evening the odds and turning the tide!
Japanese Patience Runs Thin
The Imperial Court, at behest of the Tianjin Army, has begrudgingly offered their support for our War of National Reclamation. But we are on a short leash - the Kwantung Army and others fear the possibility of losing control of Manchuria and doubt our ability to achieve definitive results. Should we fail to take key objectives, most notably Beijing, in time or worse should we be driven back - the Kwantung Army may seize the moment to install one of the puppets into power.
Buy Time with the Emperor
Zhang has always been careful about his relationship with Japan, never wanting to appear submissive to avoid offending Chinese nationalists but also maintaining a friendly appearance to ensure the steady flow of Japanese aid. It is well known by now that the Imperial Court does not have total control over its armies, but that does not mean we can ignore them either. Pleading our case with Japanese Officials, with the Tianjin Army faction as our intermediaries, will help keep a lid on Japanese pressure.
Crack Down on Sedition
Various Japanese agents have sought to penetrate major organs in our government, bribing and corrupting our officials and commanders. They have sought to expand Japanese influence in civilian affairs, pulling figures from the various Fengtian Clique factions into their sphere. All of this has undermined Zhang's control over his own government, and making an example out of a few ringleaders will send a proper message about loyalty across Dongbei.
Curtail the Shikan Clique
In the military realm, Japanese Advisors have courted various officers up and down the command hierarchy to promote their influence with the army. The Shikan Clique in particular have been favourites of the Kwantung Army, many of them cultivated during their early military studies in Japan. Reassigning them from prominent positions, purging any open malcontents, and breaking up their networks will minimise their influence even if it disrupts the war effort and validates their beliefs that this war is debilitating.
Concessions to Concordia
The Concordia Association is the civilian front of Japanese imperialism, a group of bureaucrats, businessmen, and politicians ostensibly standing for promoting Pan-Asianism and Sino-Japanese trade ties. An extension of Japanese control over our railways, they have branched quickly into mining and government. Though ultimately a threat to our independence, we may need to work with them to check their more radical Kwantung Army peers.
Empower Japanese Advisors
Japan has deployed extensive \
Faith in Zhang Runs Out
We have backed Zhang Zuolin and the Fengtian Clique for several decades now, but he is an unreliable partner at best. His War of National Reclamation is a risky one and we can only afford a short leash - many in the Kwantung fear his latest gamble risks losing us control over Manchuria. The Tianjin Army promises definitive results in short order, but should they fail to assist Zhang in taking key objectives (most notably Beijing) in time or worse are driven back, the Kwantung Army may try to force our hand and drag us directly into the conflict.
Search for Helpful Collaborators
With faith in the over-ambitious \
Rein in the Extremists
The Imperial Government's control over its men on the ground in China has always been limited by both geographic distance, the political need for plausible deniability, and the growing autonomous - sometimes bordering on rebellious - attitudes of its officers. There is a growing fear in Tokyo that our officers may be plotting something far beyond what has been authorised - unending decades of carefully laid out policy. We must sideline the worst offenders to forestall a crisis.
Deploy Emergency Economic Aid
Though Manchuria was once the most industrialised part of China, economic malaise and a determined effort to catch up by the Zhili has closed the gap. The Fengtian Government is struggling heavily to maintain its war footing and with our interests so heavily intertwined with their economy, it is up to us to provide an emergency injection of financial aid to prop up their war effort. We shall funnel money, technical experts, and machines through the Concordia Association, and with any luck they will survive long enough to repay us for what they owe.
Send Emergency Arms Shipment
Supplying a force capable of fighting a major war such as the Fengtian Army is no easy task and it is rapidly outstripping their military industrial base's capacity to do so. Our planners have proposed sending a massive shipment of rifles, artillery, and other supplies to keep the Fengtian Army in the field (especially units sympathetic to us), and hopefully keep the tide of the war in our favour.
Reinforce Our Armies in China
The reality of the situation is that Zhang Zuolin, for all of his pretences, is but a pawn in our games. The Fengtian Army is a pale imitation of our own, and are struggling on the battlefield against their rivals. Only the support of our \
Take Control of Shandong
As agreed upon with Anqing, now that we are at war with [QIE.GetNameDef], they will hand over control of Shandong to us.
Cut Food Shipments to Japan
Until the drought ends in Japan and Korea, we will be making large shipments of food and aid to them... unless we change our minds, of course.\n\n§RNOTE§!: Only select this decision if you wish to CUT the shipments. Otherwise they will proceed normally.
Influence Anqing Government
By having an agent establish clandestine contacts within the Anqing government, we can influence them and steer their decisions without them even noticing, providing far greater progress then if we did everything openly.
Bribe Anqing Officials
In order to gain contacts, we must bribe a number of Anqing government officials. This should not be difficult, as warlord governments are notoriously corrupt, even under a man like Chen Tiaoyuan.
We have successfully bribed a number of Anqing government officials, gaining influence and leverage over them.
Steer Anqing Government Decisions
If we wish to actually make use of the contacts we established, we must call in favours after our earlier bribes, steering government policy in a direction to our favour.
We have been able to influence Anqing government policy to move closer to us by making use of our bribed officials, increasing our influence permanently.
Restoring Order to Manchuria
Coerce the Chambers of Commerce
The Chamber of Commerce based in Shenyang, and its many partner organisations across Manchuria, lie at the heart of the Northeastern commodities trade and have the power to collectively dictate terms to all but the most powerful figures. With the recent shift in government, they are hoping for a new arrangement more favourable to themselves.
Crush the Old Guard
Some of Zhang Zuolin's surviving subordinates, loyal to the end, have rallied in Harbin; a strategically key location at the centre of the Trans-Manchurian railway network. There they will make their stand, and there we will destroy them.
Secure the Northern Frontier
The northern province of Heilongjiang is notorious from its windswept mountains and thick forests of pine, truly one of China's last frontiers. We must ensure that our authority is felt even here.
Secure the Northern CER
Then Northern portion of the Chinese Eastern Railway was built by the Russians, and operated by them nearly twenty years. Zhang Zuolin seized it in a moment of opportunity, but as he is now dead and our government is only newly established, it cannot be allowed to fall into their hands again.
§YMantetsu Rail Monopoly§!\n
§WThis§! §Ystate modifier§! §Wcan be removed by§! §Ydecision§!§W, or by§! §Yspecial event.§!\n\nMantetsu, the South Manchuria Railway Company, holds a de-facto monopoly on strategic movement in Manchuria. Its major trunk lines, running across an area the size of France and Germany combined, are currently the only way to move men and war material at a reasonable pace. The company can be selective when it comes to who uses the railways, and when.\n
§ROld Guard Resistance§!\n
§RNon-Compliance from Local Authorities§!\n
§RChamber of Commerce Boycott§!\n
Logistical Mastery
Enshrined Regionalism
Guaranteed by both the President and reinforced by local provincial armies, assemblies, and various other power players with a vested interest in remaining aloof from the Central Government, an air of Federalism has settled upon most provinces in China. Naturally of course, such efforts are most stringent within the Southern Provinces, wherein the Federalist movement found itself most easily settled, and entrenched. Although few believe such an arrangement can remain in-place forever, many of the influential figures of the South will at least continue to benefit for the time-being.
Constructing the Chinese Zaibatsu
In order to cultivate a true revival and flourish of the Chinese economy, the Ministry of Finance has decided to designate areas of the nation to be \
The [FNG_zhifeng_war_name] has started
Prince Kan'in Kotohito is visiting Fengtian
§YAlready requesting Japanese equipment§!\n
The Fengtian Dollar has been Re-Introduced.
The silver reserve is full.
The Jilin-Shenyang Line is complete
The Pingqi Line is complete
The Shenyang-Chengde Line is complete
Developing Infrastructure in Liaoning
Developing Infrastructure in Nenjiang and Songjiang
Developing Infrastructure in Liaobei and Jilin
§YAnshan Iron & Steel§! has been sold to Mantetsu.
We are already supporting a political faction.
The regionalist movement has been suppressed.
Our troops have been allowed to loot occupied areas.
Our troops are forbidden from looting occupied areas.
Is hostile with Fengtian
The Old Guard hold Harbin\n
The Chamber of Commerce has been coerced\n
Already soliciting investment.\n
§RThis choice could have dire consequences for Fengtian's relationship with Japan.§!\n
§RCompleting this decision will have dire consequences for Fengtian's relationship with Japan.§!\n
§RJapan may dislike this.§!\n
§ROnly complete this decision when prepared to begin the Reclamation War within a year.§!\n
Unlocks the §YMantetsu Industrial Subsidiaries§! company.\n
Required to §Gremove§! the §YInvestment Dearth§! national spirit.\n
Japan sends 200 support equipment to aid our cause\n
§GThis decision can be taken three more times§!.\n
§GThis decision can be taken two more times§!.\n
§GThis decision can be taken one more time§!.\n
This decision will unlock §GInvestment Decisions§!.\n
Unlocks §GInvestment Decisions§!.\n
Our blatant fraud goes §Gundiscovered§!!\n
$unlocks_decisions$ to §Geliminate our Investment Dearth§!.\n
Required to remove §YRegionalist Sentiment§!.\n
§RBy asserting our independence and demanding a renegotiation of the \
Our forces aiding the §Y[ANQ.GetName]§! will be recalled immediately.\n
Our forces aiding the §Y[SHD.GetName]§! will be recalled immediately.\n
§YThe [FNG.Getname]§! joins Japan's §YSphere of economic influence§!.
[CHN.GetNameDefCap] is at war with 3 or more enemies
This focus will remove §YBackward Industry§!, §YInvestment Dearth§!, and §YLimited Investment§!.
§GThe Prince was impressed!§!\n
§lWith the Prince's visit we have increased the faith of our Japanese benefactors by [?FNG.FNG_prince_faith_increase] Days!§!\n
Our infiltrators will apply the following effects to the §Y[608.Owner.GetName]§! in §YTangshan§!:\nIntel to enemies: §R+200%§!\n$MODIFIERS_ARMY_DEFENCE_FACTOR$: §R-80.0%§!\n
Looting will §Rcontinue§! in the area for §Rseveral weeks!§!\n
§RWe may lose national legitimacy!§!\n
Similar events will §Rcontinue§! until the §YSuppress the Bandits; Collect the Harvest§! focus has been completed.
We will receive §RLooting Events.§!\n
The impact of §Rlooting events§! will be §Greduced§!.\n
§GOrder§! will be restored in Zhili Province.
§GOrder§! will be restored in Henan Province.
§GOrder§! will be restored in Wuhan.
Unlocks the §YShōwa Steel§! company.
Unlocks the following companies:\n- §Y$wusong_locomotive_works_FNG$§!\n- §Y$china_aviation_corporation_FNG$§!\n- §Y$academia_sinica_FNG$§!\n
Return to the §Yprevious event§!
§GAdds§! Bonus Political Power to §YArmy Focuses§!\n
§GAdds§! Bonus Political Power to §YEconomic Focuses§!\n
Required to remove the §YBackward Industry§! national spirit.\n
Receive bonuses to any §Gradar research§! completed by §YJapan§!.\n
Receive bonuses to any §Gconstruction research§! completed by §YJapan§!.\n
Receive bonuses to any §Gproduction efficiency§! research completed by §YJapan§!.\n
Receive bonuses to any §Gdecryption research§! completed by §YJapan§!.\n
Receive an §Gintelligence agency§! upgrade already completed by §YJapan§!.
§YYuan Jinkai§! resigns as §GInterior Minister§!\n
The CER Tax
The regular operations of the Chinese Eastern Railway are currently subject to a special tax, encouraged by Interior Minister Yuan with the goal of 'strengthening the army'.
New £mil_factory military factories will be constructed in the following controlled states:\n
- $STATE|H$\n
New £mil_factory military factories could be constructed in the following states, if controlled by us or allies:\n
- $STATE|R$\n
Prevents further §Rlabour unrest§! events.\n
Prevents further §REnemy Resistance§! events.\n
\nWe will seek to hold a §HConference§! in Shenyang as soon as possible with potential Chinese allies to discuss important matters and their involvement in the Reclamation War.\n
Unlocks §YPreparing for the Prince's Visit§! decisions.
§GThis information was discovered thanks to our intelligence activities or relative decryption level!§!
§GWe will gain national legitimacy.§!\n
§RWe will lose national legitimacy.§!\n
§RUnavailable due to our pro-Japanese policy§!
§RSuch a grave insult to Tokyo is unlikely to go unpunished...§!
§GThis decision can be returned to later without any negative consequences.§!\n
§GOur chances of success are greatly increased!§!\n
§GFengtian's chances of success will be greatly increased.§!\n
§YFengtian Government§! annexes §YShandong Clique§!.
Fengtian has proclaimed the §H$united_china_authoritarian_democrat$§!
The War of National Reclamation began over a year ago
We have been encircled in Beijing
Collaborated with Japan
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Ggrows§! by §!§G1%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Ggrows§! by §!§G3%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Ggrows§! by §!§G5%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Ggrows§! by §!§G10%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Rshrinks§! by §!§R1%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Rshrinks§! by §!§R3%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Rshrinks§! by §!§R5%§!
§jJapanese Influence§!§Y in [FNG.GetNameDef] §Rshrinks§! by §!§R10%§!
Has less than §H25%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
Has §H25%§! §jJapanese Influence§! or more
Has less than §H50%§! §jJapanese Influence§!
Has §H50%§! §jJapanese Influence§! or more
§nif hired, would greatly help our efforts in§!
§Gservice in our government greatly helps our efforts in§!
§Y§gZhang Zongxiang, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in financial and pro-Japanese reforms!§!
§Y§gZhang Zongxiang's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in financial and pro-Japanese reforms!§!
§Y§gWang Yitang, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Recovery League's agenda and political reforms!§!
§Y§gWang Yitang's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Recovery League's agenda and political reforms!§!
§Y§gChang Yinhuai, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in worker and railway reforms!§!
§Y§gChang Yinhuai's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in worker and railway reforms!§!
§Y§gSun Qichang, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in financial reforms!§!
§Y§gSun Qichang's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in financial reforms!§!
§Y§gYuan Jinkai, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in security and intelligence reforms!§!
§Y§gYuan Jinkai's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in security and intelligence reforms!§!
§Y§gZhang Zuoxiang, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Zhang Clique agenda!§!
§Y§gZhang Zuoxiang's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Zhang Clique agenda!§!
§Y§gFeng Yong, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in education and nationalistic reforms!§!
§Y§gFeng Yong's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in education and nationalistic reforms!§!
§Y§gWu Junsheng, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Zhang Clique's agenda, and military reforms!§!
§Y§gWu Junsheng's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in advancing the Zhang Clique's agenda, and military reforms!§!
§Y§gDing Jianxiu, §!$FNG_if_hired_advisor$ in advancing industrial reforms!§!
§Y§gDing Jianxiu's§! $FNG_is_hired_advisor$ in advancing industrial reforms!§!
§YThis focus will give us infrastructure in Baoding, Shenyang, Nanjing, Taiyuan, Beijing, Jinan, and Wuhan if we control those states.§!
§YThis focus will give us one civilian factory in Baoding, Shenyang, Nanjing, Wuhan, Beijing, Taiyuan, and Jinan if we control those states.§!
§YThis focus will give us additional resources in Taiyuan, Shenyang, Beijing, Wuhan, and Nanjing  if we control those states.§!
§CWe will lose our current §YNational Legitimacy§! level!§!
§LWe will lose §Ystability§! proportionate to the amount of §jJapanese Influence§!.§!
§LWe will lose §Ystability§! proportionate to the amount of §gAuthoritarian Democrat§! party popularity.§!
§WWe will gain civilian factories in §YNanjing, Harbin, Beijing, Wuhan, and Jinan§!. We will gain one civilian factory per city depending on the influence of our §gAuthoritarian Democrat§!, §PPaternal Autocrat§!, and §cSocial Conservative§! popularities.§!
§SSocial Democrat§!, §lSocial Liberal§!, and §nNational Populist§! coalition partners now contribute 25% of their party popularity to our $MODIFIER_POLITICAL_POWER_GAIN$.
§WWe will gain military factories in §YNanjing, Jilin, Beijing, Wuhan, and Jinan§!. We will gain up to two military factories per city depending on the influence of our §gAuthoritarian Democrat§! and §cSocial Conservative§! popularities.§!
§LVarious cities of the nation will be demarcated for the further development of free enterprise.§!
§LWe will gain civilian factories in §YNanjing, Harbin, Beijing, Wuhan, and Jilin§!. We will gain one civilian factory per city depending on the influence of the combined total of half of our §SSocial Democrat§!, §lSocial Liberal§! and §nNational Populist§! popularities.§!
(§Y$all_chinese_countries_tt_cap$§!) $MODIFIERS_ARMY_ATTACK_FACTOR$: [?0.10|+=%%]
§RThe Rewards for this focus will be decreased should we break with Japan.§!
Reduce the time by §Y7§! days for:\n  §YDevelop the Three Northeast Provinces\n  Yamato Hotel Licenses\n  Mantetsu Collaboration\n  Wang Yongjiang's Legacy\n  Found the Northeast IDC\n  Reorganise the NTC\n  Mantetsu Research Wing\n  Japanese Electrical Expertise\n  Expand the Anshan Mines\n  Develop the Northern Frontier\n  Fengtian Society for Light Metals\n  Support Sino-Japanese Joint Companies\n  Establish the Jinzhou Industrial Zone§!
Commission Destroyers
A squadron of four destroyers will arrive after being built.
Commission Submarines
A squadron of six submarines will arrive after being built.
Commission Cruisers
Two cruisers will arrive after being built.
Commission Convoys
Bonus Political Power: §G+20§!\n
Bonus Political Power: §G+25§!\n
Bonus Political Power: §G+30§!\n
Bonus Political Power: §G+50§!\n
Bonus Political Power: §G+100§!\n
§HRecovery League§! influence change: [?RLPOP|%+]\n
§HZhang Clique§! influence change: [?ZCPOP|%+]\n
§HCommunications Clique§! influence change: [?CCPOP|%+]\n
§jJapanese Influence§! will be §Yexpelled§!.\n
Army Priority
Economic Priority
We are pursuing a §Hpro-Japanese§! policy
Radicals
Independent Radicals and Revolutionaries\n§LThe revolutionary strain of radicalism within China has a fascinating history emanating from the timeless struggle of martyrs and heroes in the struggle against perceived injustices. Mobilising the fury of the masses, various revolutionaries have come and went, either peacefully or through fire and war. Largely coalescing into various parties such as the Kuomintang, or Young China Party, the revolutionary strain of thought is largely in contention with that of the reformists.\n\nThe allure of radicalism extends all across China however, from the steppe of the Northwest Frontier to the bustling streets of Shanghai, many cling to the ideals of a radically transformed China, either in the socialist egalitarian ideal, or in the strong nationalist flavour. Operating either under the radical elements of the Kuomintang, Young China Party, or Chinese Syndicalist party, the extremist groups refuse to partake in the Chinese Parliamentary system; seeing the newly proclaimed Central Government as merely a betrayal of the socialist revolution.§!\n
CSP
Chinese Syndicalist Party (Zhongguo Gongtuandang)\n§LLargely confined to urban centres or port cities, the Chinese Syndicalist Party for years remained merely a fragmented junior party of the Chinese Kuomintang. Considered to be milquetoast radicals espousing a foreign ideology in a nation without the large worker support base akin to that in Europe or the Americas, the Chinese Syndicalist Party still maintained significant successes in its political history. With key action in historical events such as the Hong Kong-Canton strikes in 1925, which resulted in the founding of the League of Chinese Syndicalists, or the Shanghai Uprising in 1932 which resulted in broad national mass action.\n\nWith its inherently pluralistic nature, the Chinese Syndicalist Party has found itself fragmented with a series of disparate cliques. Within the Northeast however, they are largely confined to a band of guerrillas led by Guan Xiangying, a stark divergence from their interior reliance on the urban working population; albeit they are little more than a political boogeyman.§!\n
KMT
Chinese Kuomintang (Zhongguo Guomindang)\n§LThe Chinese Nationalist Party has taken on many forms in its marred history. Founded as the parliamentary organisation of the Tongmenghui in 1912 by Sun Yat-sen, Huang Xing, and Song Jiaoren, the Kuomintang would endeavour itself to faithfully serve as a parliamentary party within the early Beiyang Republic. After Song's assassination and Sun's subsequent multiple exiles however, the Party would be reorganised into the Chinese Gemingang, and later revived as the Guomindang on October 10th 1919. Dedicated to the Three Principles of the People as espoused by Dr. Sun Yat-sen, the Kuomintang aspires for the implementation of the Party-State, or Dangguo, and implement the Three-Stage National Revolution. Through the aspiration for the Three Principles of Minzu, Minquan, and Minsheng (Nationalism, Democracy, and Welfare respectively), they hope to see a new revolutionary republic.\n\nDriven underground in 1927, their limited influence within pockets of revolutionary utopias and fluffy exiles scant make any difference within the Northeast, with the largest cell of sympathisers known as the Northeast Anti-Japanese National Salvation Directorate under Reorganisation Comrades Association cadre Zhu Jiqing.§!\n
NPSHA
Northeast People's Self-Help Association (Dongbei minzhong zijiu hui)\n§LFormed from the brief liberalisation period of the late 1920s and early 1930s, the United National Construction League would ultimately be banned, but as a result opened the doors to the formation of the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties. A national movement spanning from North to South, the FCDP sought to unite all those parties seeking Constitutionalism and Liberal Democracy under one banner. With their efforts, they would champion the cause of true freedom for the Chinese people, and inevitably force even the mightiest warlord to bow to the fury of intellectuals and the masses.\n\nWhilst the Constitutionalists, and especially Zhang Junmai's National Renaissance Society, are persona non grata across the Great Wall, various members of Zhang Junmai's clique have setup shop within the Northeast, generally surrounding around Zhou Jngwen. In 1933 he organised the Northeast People's Self-Help Association as an extension of the Leftist strain of the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, in response to the 1932 Shanghai Uprising, acting as an orbiting faction within the CCP.§!\n
Republicans
Independent Republicans\n§LThe Beiyang government included many political independents, a tradition upheld in the Fengtian assembly. While perhaps united in a common desire for a constitutionalist, civilian ruled future, their unwillingness (or inability) to organise at a higher level has limited their options. Indeed, for a given issue they rarely vote as a united bloc, with legislators either swayed or bribed or threatened into a side.\n\nNevertheless, they are still a potent establishment force and provide hope for a constitutionalist, civilian ruled future. Their dreams of democratic reforms however are bound to be tempered by the realities they find themselves in. Few dare to speak out, though those that do clearly dream of a much more democratic republic.§!\n
Restoration Society
Restoration Society (Guangfuhui)\n§LOriginally founded in 1904 as the Military National Education Association by Tao Chengzhang, Zhang Taiyan, Cai Yuanpei, Gong Baoquan and Wei Lan, the future Restoraion Society was a Shanghai based revolutionary organisation that spanned into Jiangsu and Zhejiang. Fiercely anti-Manchu, the Restoration Society used various institutions such as Xu Xilin's Datong School to create a paramilitary bloc of revolutionary cadres ready to \
Communications Clique
Communications Clique (Jiaotongxi)\n§LThe sole politically coherent faction to emerge from the former Beiyang Government, the Communications Clique was founded on the cusp of the Xinhai Revolution by Tang Shaoyi, albeit it is most largely associated with the likes of Liang Shiyi, its long-term leader and one of its most high profile members. Centred around the Ministry of Posts and Communications, responsible for railways, postal services, shipping, telephones, and the Bank of Communications, the Communications Clique was crucial in the old Beiyang Government for its immense amount of wealth and revenues.\n\nStrongly supporting Yuan Shikai's restoration of the monarchy, somewhat out of conviction and somewhat out of self-servitude, the \
Recovery League
Recovery League (Guangfuxi)\n§LA loose association of fallen generals, governors, bureaucrats, and politicians without any strong ideological affiliation, most of whom find themselves in Fengtian because there are few other places where they might hold any semblance of power. Easily bribed and tempted, they often serve to promote the interests of whoever is willing to pay, and consequently the \
Zhang Clique
Zhang Clique (Zhanghui)\n§LRooted in the foundations of Zhang Zuolin's early career as a bandit and soldier, the Zhang Clique is but the largest overarching composite collection of various smaller organisations and factions, staffed by loyalists and generals. Whilst ideology is present within the statesmanship decisions of those within the Zhang Clique, it is secondary to loyalty towards Zhang Zuolin. Hardly capable of continuing to rule as mere military strongmen, the Zhang Clique's pretences to democracy and lack of general commitment to true ideology leaves it open and malleable to many interpretations of Chinese republicanism.\n\nWith smaller regional cliques all-throughout Dongbei, they function as interest groups within Zhang Zuolin's inner circle; the Heilongjiang Clique of Wan Fulin, Wu Junsheng, and Ma Zhanshan, or the Shaoshuai Clique of Zhang Xueliang, the Shikan Clique of Yang Yuting, or Jilin Clique of Zhang Zuoxiang, to name a few. Considered to have the greatest sway on Zuolin's political outlook, the Zhang Clique itself is ripe with infighting and squabbling as ideological convictions and loyalties mature, and wane.§!\n
Young China Party
Young China Party (Zhongguo Qingniandang)\n§LBorn from the student \
Anshan Iron & Steel
Mantetsu Industrial Subsidiaries
Shōwa Steel Works
Shenyang Arsenal
Dadong Artillery Complex
Minsheng
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
Dongbei Airplane Manufacturing Company
Manchuria Aviation Company
Yingkou Naval Yard
Academia Sinica
Wusong Locomotive Works
China National Aviation Corporation
Mantetsu Collaboration
Full Silver Reserve
Supports the National Reclamation War
Refused to Support the National Reclamation War
The Fengtian Government Paraded Alone
Refused to Parade With Us
Preservation of the Xinhai Revolution
Ironically, Fengtian is the sole national government upholding the order established by the Xinhai Revolution in 1911, which called for the overthrow of the Qing and the establishment of a Republic. Although its republican commitments are questionable, and Southern reclamation is currently unrealistic, the government has loudly advocated both goals, as they foster domestic legitimacy.
Fuguo Qiangbing
Translating roughly to 'Enrich the Country, Strengthen the Army', this proverb dates back to ancient legalist philosophers, but has been used more recently to inspire reforms in both Guangxu Era China and Meiji Era Japan. Now it is applied again in Fengtian, as the government seeks to modernise and eventually strike South against the resurgent Zhili Clique, and from there establish control over all China.
Open the Propaganda Front
Sometimes the most decisive battles are fought and won in hearts and minds. We have fought a passive war of words with [QIE.GetNameDef] ever since 1928, and now the time has come to begin a new offensive and redouble our efforts. Ten thousand years to the Republic!
Suppress Regionalist Sentiment
For many years, Zhang Zuolin's primary political slogan was 'The Northeast for the Northeast', but when his ambitions turned toward Beijing, this regionalist message had to be set aside. Ever since, it has proven a thorn in the Grand Marshal's side, and many still espouse these old sentiments. The time has come to put the matter to rest once and for all.
Silence Targeted Subversives
The regionalist movement has never been organised, but it has received support from the local gentry, school teachers, and government bureaucrats. Some of these figures have become increasingly prominent, and by silencing them we may cut the head from the regionalist snake. Some can be bribed, and others can be threatened or fired - to say nothing of other persuasive methods.
Justify Mass Arrests
So long as the regionalist movement remains peaceful, we lack the institutional and public support to crush it decisively. By dispatching agents disguised as protestors we can push the movement toward violent means, cost them their public support, and then justify mass arrests.
[FNG_Mantetsu_Collaboration_focus_name]
Mantetsu Collaboration
Seize Mantetsu Assets
[FNG_Mantetsu_Collaboration_focus_desc]
Mantetsu, also known as the 'South Manchuria Railway Company', exerts an enormous amount of control over our economy, with numerous subsidiaries ranging from flour mills to hospitals. Its aid will unfortunately be essential to developing most aspects of our economy that require Japanese technical expertise.
Before the Japanese withdrawal, Mantetsu was one of the most influential 'private' entities in all of Dongbei, possessing a wide variety of subsidiaries and assets ranging from railways to hospitals. Now that relations have soured with Japan, seizing Mantetsu's assets should allow us to regain control of and develop our economy.
[FNG_Yamato_Hotel_Licenses_focus_name]
Yamato Hotel Licences
Repurpose Yamato Hotel Franchises
[FNG_Yamato_Hotel_Licenses_focus_desc]
One of Mantetsu's most successful ventures in Manchuria is its Yamato Hotel franchise, which serves the countless Japanese businessmen who make their way to and from the Home Islands every day. Despite the unwelcome influence they bear, their skills and capital are crucial. We must decide their future.
With the departure of the Japanese, we have inherited several empty luxury hotels that won't be seeing any guests soon. Seeing as Japanese businessmen and dignitaries are unlikely to be visiting our territory any time soon, it would be helpful to convert these luxury hotels into something more useful.
Japanese Electrical Expertise
Thanks to China's backwardness over the past century, and the chaos of the past two decades, the country has few native engineers. Japanese assistance will be essential in bringing modernity to the Northeast.
[FNG_Mantetsu_Research_Wing_focus_name]
Mantetsu Research Wing
Expand Northeastern University
[FNG_Mantetsu_Research_Wing_focus_desc]
Mantetsu's Research Wing, known as 'Mantetsu Chōsabu', serves as the centrepiece of Japan's colonial programme, and pursues a wide variety of scientific goals. Its massive funding and talent pool could be of great use to us in our own efforts.
Established in 1902 as Fengtian University by Zhao Erxun, the then Viceroy of the Three Northeastern Provinces, Northeastern University would eventually become indispensable to the Northeast, being our main source of technical knowledge. Since we can no longer rely on the Japanese for technical assistance, it is imperative that we expand on our ability to develop technical expertise domestically.
Mantetsu Civil Engineering Projects
While the Japanese have much to benefit directly from large civil engineering projects in Fengtian, they also do so indirectly by helping to present our regime as successful at improving the everyday lives of citizens. In this respect, our interests are mutually aligned.
Develop the Northern Frontier
The northern reaches of Heilongjiang and Xing'an have been dominated by mountainous boreal forests since time immemorial, swept by bitter Siberian winds and inhabited only by passing nomads. Modern technologies could allow settlers to penetrate this hostile environment and pursue rumours of coal, gold, and graphite in the Khingan Mountains.
Fengtian Society for Light Metals
Significant deposits of Bauxite and Alunite have been known to exist in Fengtian province for many years, but recent advances by Mantetsu sponsored laboratories in Fushun and Tokyo have enabled Aluminium production via a number of electro-chemical processes.
Yalu and Songhua Hydroelectricity
Manchuria's abundant coal deposits make for an excellent power source, but the strong currents of the Yalu and Songhua rivers could provide additional power at minimal expense. With Japanese expertise, we might harness these mighty rivers to power more homes and industry.
Japanese Coal Gasification Methods
Japan's quest for crucial oil lead it to Manchuria, but now with disappointing results from prospecting, coal gasification seems the only logical path forward. Though energy intensive, Fushun's enormous coal deposits could make the complex processes worthwhile.
Manchurian Model Cities
Japan sometimes goes to surprising lengths to portray its role in Fengtian as one of benevolent paternalism, to which end Mantetsu plans to install state of the art electrical, sewer, and tram systems in the major cities of Shenyang, Changchun, and Harbin.
Found the Northeast IDC
At Japanese recommendation, a proposal has been put forth to organise several influential businessmen and politicians into a body called the 'Northeastern Industrial Development Commission' that might guide Fengtian's industrial development.
Expand the Anshan Mines
The enormous iron deposits in Anshan have been described as being of 'world class significance', and churn out nearly 7 million tonnes of iron, with the potential to triple output by 1942. This expansion seems likely to propel Anshan toward becoming one of East Asia's largest industrial centres.
Establish the Jinzhou Industrial Zone
Jinzhou's docks and strategic position in the 'Liaoxi Corridor', which connects land transportation between North and Northeast China, make it a prime target for government incentivised development. It remains to be seen whether special rules will be applied to this zone favouring Chinese or Japanese companies.
Expand the Fushun Mines
The mines around Fushun churn out nearly 11 million tons of coal per year, with deposits promising to produce over 4.5 billion tonnes total. While some modern trains and ships in the West use oil, the Japanese Empire runs on coal, and the strategic significance of these mines cannot be understated.
Yingkou Commercial Development
The port city of Yingkou serves as Fengtian's primary gateway to the world, and the second largest port on the Bohai Gulf after Japanese-controlled [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]. The tremendous increase in material production in Fengtian demands an equally large investment in commercial infrastructure.
Develop the Three Northeast Provinces
The Three Northeast Provinces, Fengtian, Jilin, and Heilongjiang, already contain over 30% of China's railroads and much of its heavy industry. However, if the National Reclamation War is to be won, both will have to be expanded upon and improved. Ideally this would be achieved solely by the Chinese people, but reality dictates that the Japanese will lead much of the path forward.
Wang Yongjiang's Legacy
Manchuria's transformation from a backward borderland into one of China's most prosperous regions owes itself to the work of Wang Yongjiang, Zhang Zuolin's late Finance Minister. Disgusted by the Grand Marshal's costly excursions south of the Great Wall in 1928, Wang resigned and died shortly thereafter, his work left unfinished. We must pick up where he left off.
Reorganise the NTC
Founded by the Fengtian Government shortly after its creation, the National Transportation Commission serves as a planning board for infrastructure construction across the country. The Japanese allege that its foremost aim is to disrupt Mantetsu's operations, and there may be at least some truth to this claim.
Support Sino-Japanese Joint Companies
A great number of businesses in Fengtian offer shares to both Chinese and Japanese, including the infamous Mantetsu, but relatively few Chinese have the funds to invest and as a result most joint companies are Japanese dominated. Government backing may permit us to provide means and incentives to fellow Chinese and gradually shift this balance.
From Beijing to the Begonia Leaf
For decades, students and nationalists have compared the shape of China, that is to say China undivided, to the shape of a Begonia leaf. With Beijing in our hands, it has come time to reclaim all of our homeland, and make the Begonia Leaf a reality!
Suppress the Bandits; Collect the Harvest
The last time soldiers of the Fengtian Army entered the North China Plain, some units were encouraged to suppress banditry and assist in collection the seasonal harvest in return for lodgings and food. Where such amenities were normally simply seized, these tactics seem to have ameliorated local unrest and partisan activity. All commanders would do well to follow this example.
Continue the Reclamation War
The war of National Reclamation did not end with the capture of Beijing. One by one, each of China's provinces must be brought to heel, and the country once again unified.
Integrate Occupied Arsenals
The Shenyang Arsenal is unquestionably the greatest in China, but by integrating and specialising newly seized arsenals, now as part of a national supply system, we may be able to ease the burden on Shenyang and improve our overall logistical capability.
Crush Flies and Capture Pigs
Corruption and abuse of power have run rampant throughout China over the past several decades, and all levels of the Fengtian Government are complicit in this activity. In order to regain the public's trust, some measure of law and order must be restored, and examples will be made of both low-level “Flies” and high-level “Pigs”, who have been greedily gorging themselves on the nation's livelihood.
Expand the Baojia System
The Baojia System is an ancient method of social organisation and military recruitment. Zhang Zuolin revived the practice several decades ago in the Northeast, and to great effect, but now the time has come to once again expand the system to the rest of China, where it has by and large fallen by the wayside.
Incorporate Local Patronage Networks
There is more to every institution than meets the eye, and every good warlord builds his stronghold through a network of reciprocal partnerships negotiated behind closed doors. With the collapse of enemy authority, there are many such individuals and institutions without a clear place in the new order. There is every reason to begin incorporating these individuals into our own networks, where possible.
Centralise Provincial Revenues
Perhaps the greatest source of disunity in China has been the decentralisation of the tax system, begun with the introduction of provincial “Lijin” transit tariffs in 1853. The new Central Government must limit provincial taxation, and reduce the percentage local authorities may keep for themselves. Otherwise, local governments will continue to deny the nation revenue.
Institute Labour Discipline
The industrial policy of our nation is being threatened by the increasingly divergent interests of industrialists, union leaders and workers. Unions serve only to divide, and creating distrust, forcing the leaders of our country to compromise. Only through an intervention that solidifies the discipline and loyalty of labour organisations, can the unity be forged that will allow us to move our country forward.
The Generals Know Best
There is no doubt that a centralised army can serve as the foundation to a centralised state, but China's great size requires a different approach. For this reason, we will continue to appoint military governors. To better balance this arrangement, provincial armies must recruit the majority of troops from outside their own provinces, and limit their production and deployment of heavy weapons.
One Army One Republic
If we are to learn a single lesson from over two thousand years of Chinese history, it is that when military force is divided, so too is the country. In order to build a unified China we must create a single army, beneath a single banner, at the direction of a single command structure. This measure will not be popular at any level of government outside the Cabinet.
Secure the Rear Areas
The North China Plain has been seized, but it has not been pacified. For now, the Army controls only the railways and their immediate proximity, with bandits and partisans running wild beyond. China is a big country, and the rear areas must be thoroughly scoured in order to ensure an uncompromised advance toward the goal of national reunification.
Against Imperialism of All Forms
Japan poses itself as a friend, an able ally, perhaps even an equal. But the Chinese know better; their designs on the nation, their aspirations for Asia as a whole, their deriding attitude towards detachment from their Chinese \
Faith in the Anguojun
Only the National Pacification Army, the military arm of the Fengtian-led rival government, can guarantee the legacy of the Xinhai Revolution and the Five Races Under One Union. Sullied by the likes of provincial warlords, Federalists, Third-Way Democrats, and Revolutionaries, the Chinese Revolution has been terribly distorted, turned into a feral cancer that must be pacified. And it is only our officers that are capable of such.
Ensuring Efficient Procurement
Keen to fatten themselves and guarantee their own futures, the various petty warlords and minor bandits have found themselves seizing \
Revitalise the Bank of Communications
The Bank of Communications once held the very stability of Chinese government cabinets in its palms, for it facilitiated foreign investments, crucially to back the governments of Yuan Shikai, and later that of Duan Qirui. Yet with the Nishiwara Loan and the outcry of the Paris Peace Conference, it has been far diminished. It is only natural that its clerk's capabilities once more be exhibited in a primary role.
Renewing Trust in Industry
With a nigh-unending Warlord Era, bar a brief interregnum of Zhili Unification, the stability and faith within the Chinese nation-state's industrial capacity is particularly lacklustre, at least as far as foreign firms are concerned. With an explosion of Anti-Concessionism off the cusp of the Shanghai Uprising and other events, it will take a concerted government effort to restore faith in our factories.
The Marshal and the Emperor
Hand-in-hand, the Son of Heaven and the Old Marshal of Dongbei have marched forward onto a new era of prosperity for Asia. It would be amiss to end things prematurely. Whatever Fengtian needs, it receives from Japan, and whilst many in the government warn the Marshal of traps, intrigues, and plots linked to the Japanese, it takes more than a simple spy to kill the Tiger of the North.
Following the Kingly Way
The Kingly Way, that Confucian method of governance to ensure morality and benevolence, whilst traditionally applied to the Emperor in respect to his court, finds much a similar place within the Marshal's Palace. Make no mistake, there shall be no monarchs in the new China, but the Old Marshal, the Father of the Nation, it is his portrait on Tiananmen Square, and it is to his example of which the Chinese must emulate.
Militarise the Student Body
In this period of great strife and terrible bloodshed, it is the youth whom suffer most. Deprived of the most basic building blocks of their future, the education system, they can all but languish as the nation grows increasingly wounded. But it is the same youth that hold the nation's future in their palms, and it is their duty to fight for China, and for national liberation.
Dictatorship of the Transport Ministry
Railways bring prosperity! Or well, they should have. Yet most railways within China are built by Western companies, or at the very least funded by them. In a practical sense, they have always been a symbol of simultaneous progress, yet abounding imperialism. Through decisive action, men such as Chang Yinhuai will reclaim the railways from the imperialist, and return them to the Central Government's fold.
Dongbei's Final Victory
After numerous failed attempts over a span of over a decade, Fengtian has finally triumphed above all of its enemies; the Zhili, Anhui, or the Russians, none could withstand the ingenuity and skill of Dongbei's sons and daughters. With the securing of Beijing for a third time, all that is left is to decide upon the future of the Chinese Republic, and many lives may hang in such a balance.
[FNG_the_moral_republic]
[FNG_the_moral_republic_desc]
[FNG_rulership_as_a_family_business]
[FNG_rulership_as_a_family_business_desc]
[FNG_denouncing_imperialist_vultures]
[FNG_denouncing_imperialist_vultures_desc]
From Poverty to Extravagance
Having once been a mere bandit roaming the wastes of the Three Northeastern Provinces, Zhang Zuolin has ascended far beyond even the greatest dreams of the most minor bandit. Not only a Grand Marshal, but that of the kingmaker of the whole nation. It is he of which the army responds to, almost, his every beck and call, and it is to Zhang Zuolin of which the Republic owes Ten Thousand Years!
Commencing True Recovery
Squabbling amongst themselves for over half a decade, it would appear that the Recovery League has finally received the Green Light to consolidate itself, and its political gains. Having been the main outfit by which the Fengtian Clique exerted its political ambitions, the re-appointment of Pan Fu to the position as Prime Minister has consolidated the vision of the Republic as a vessel for advancement.
Harmonising the Social Classes
The masses are a powerful force, capable of a political whirlwind few associations can withstand; Anhui realised this, perhaps only in hindsight. But one can curry favour with the masses, without becoming beholden to them. By building strength between the peasantry, workers, gentry, and industrialists, China can bring forward new prosperity almost entirely upon its own strength.
The First Party of the State
There is no other association, league, party, or group that can fathom being capable of rulership within China. This is a beast that is entirely unbeknownst to most other men in the field. We are not Apostles of Democracy, nor are we naive enough to continue autocracy, we present the only solution for the eventual attainment of civic rights, welfare, education, and stability.
Clear-Cut Political Economics
This is not a game of cards, the life of all Chinese are at stake, and the Central Government cannot be entrusted to transform its most humble villages and hamlets into modern cities if its rulers are merely politicians. Only under men of business wit and capability can China be assured of economic development and progress. It can only be hoped that ten years from now, China will become a metropolis.
Alliance of State and Business
The true keys to China's recovery after decades of disunity and disruption is that of capital, and it is only through the men of capital, and their assets, that the government can produce the necessary means to connect China at its fraying seams. By engaging in government contracts with various major companies, they make rake in the benefits, whilst the government can direct their resources to proper usage.
Government As a Machine
There can be no time for debate or pettyness in statecraft; ideology, intellectualism, and idealism, they merely serve to dissuade advancing efforts of the government to perform its duties at maximum efficiency. The government is the only vessel by which the nation can reclaim itself on the world stage, and it as such it should be run like a machine, or a factory, based on profits at little cost.
The President of Providence
A man of duty, of perseverance, of servitude and of loyalty, Yang Yuting has long been denied his destiny. And it is most blatantly out of fear for his capabilities. Having fought for most of the Warlord Era, he would only find himself deprived of positions due to the meddling of men like Xueliang. But now they pose no threat to the Man of Providence, and his revitalised Republic.
The Dragon's Gambit
Few would believe that any one man could corral or control the Fengtian Clique as remotely well as the Old Marshal, but then those men have not met Yang Yuting or Chang Yinhuai. Playing the same game, but coming out on top, Yang has produced his greatest gambit yet. There will no longer be a facade of niceties or the incompetence of Xueliang to dash his desires. May the Five Races fly forever high!
Redeeming the Lost Patriots
With tacit connections from the 1920s, Yang has always maintained a close eye of admiration and curiosity in regards to the Young China Party. Whilst unable to truly associate with them in the Northeast, in-part due to their anti-Fengtian oppositional stance, and Feng Yong's alignment with Xueliang, now that they are face-to-face, Yang must but only open his arms to his new set of skilled scholars.
The Rising Sun and the Waking Tiger
Zhang Zuolin thought himself capable of arranging an agreement of equals with the Japanese, but he lacked the tact or skills required to produce such an arrangement. Yang Yuting however, far more capable as a soldier, orator, and politician, has managed to win genuine favour from Tokyo. No longer are they master and subject, but true equals, and together, undefeatable.
Concord of Nationalities
Much akin to China's many ethnicities and nationalities, the \
Freedom of the Five Races
China is a nation of many nationalities: Han, Manchu, Mongolian, Tibetan, Hui. And even such a delineation is hardly thorough and all-encompassing. By uniting the various nationalities of China through the guiding concepts of the Kingly Way, the state can bind national harmony to the very concept of citizenship and statehood; a nation of morality, and etiquette, not revolution.
The Chinese Shogunate
Simply put, the Qing refused to modernise due to their own arrogance and perception of celestial rights; despite numerous overtures from various states that offered immensely beneficial deals, the court would always run to obstruct modernisation. But the men of China today are far more pragmatic; if we can learn everything from Japan, we will inevitably become stronger than them.
In the Spirit of 1912
Perhaps out of folly, idealism, or a faint desire for a more utopian world, the North and South have once again attempted a mutually beneficial deal of national unification. Much maligned and considered a falsehood, their efforts mirror that of 1912, running off the cusp of Xinhai. Retaining the various Southern Federal Governors, alongside the appointment of Zhang Junmai as Prime Minister, perhaps it will go smoother than last time.
Reconstruction Through Autonomy
One of the many promises made to the Federalist movement was that of the creation of democratically elected provincial assemblies, organised according to their locally drafted provincial constitutions. Whilst the latter requires Central Government authority to promulgate, the various delegation of powers has enabled swift and steady national reconstruction, if disparate.
Twin Dragons Taming the Water
After decades of chaos, disunity, and poor governance, a watchful peace under the bipartite rule of Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin and Prime Minister Zhang Junmai seems like paradise indeed. Together they have become known as \
Disavow Tokyo
Japan has proven itself useful, even perhaps, benevolent and beneficial in its long-term relationship with the many ministers of the incumbent Central Government. Yet it proves itself incapable of disguising its hunger, or of its innate desire for \
The Ultimatum
China has been crushed and humiliated beneath the bootheel of foreign powers for nearly a century. The time has come for national humiliation to end, and Japan must meet our terms or meet our steel.
Entering the International Scene
Long having had to deal with international brokers through Japan, or otherwise Shanghai agents, we have finally been granted the space to negotiate China's own policy on her own terms. With the united nation's will at our backs, let the true Chinese Republic assert herself against all foreign imperialists alike.
Chunchi-Xiangyi
It was once said that China and Japan are \
Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation
In recognising the indisputably ascendant position of Japan astride the East, we must acknowledge our own role as equal but subordinate partners in pursuit of the Pan-Asian Dream. The time has come to join Japan's alliance, and commit ourselves to its esteemable goals.
From the Ashes
Extinguish the Partisan Threat
Martyrdom of an Old Idealist
Rebuilding the Shattered Nation
Unification by the Subjugated
Treaty of Eternal Friendship
A Reformed Government
Tofu on Puppet Strings
Rule of the Commercial Cabal
Reign of the Old Politicians
Tokyo's Rubber Stamp
Looking Toward the Zaibatsu
The State Socialist Regime
At the Whims of the Puppeteer
The Corporate State
The Winner Takes It All
Found the Shenyang National Academy
In the years of economic hardship following the last Zhifeng War, the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall began to stagnate. By refounding the old academy under a new name and updating its curriculum, it can again become a point of pride.
Promote Young Officers
Despite years of reform, our officer corps still suffers from a chronic lack of modern thinking with a significant portion of the officer corps being made up of older sub-par officers. While both the Shikan Clique and Shaoshuai Clique have different candidates for promotion, they nevertheless both advocate for the promotion of young, talented officers. Let us heed their advice to eleviate our current leadership problems.
Obtain Japanese Instructors
The Japanese field a modern military and industrial sector comparable in strength and discipline with any in the West. Given that the Japanese government is willing to provide instructors free of charge, we should take this opportunity to build a force our enemies will envy.
Modernised Curriculum
The modern Japanese curriculum, designed to counter Russian aggression on the plains of Manchuria, emphasises morale factors and tenacity of the will, stressing training designed to develop the ability to recognise opportunities for decisive attack; enveloping open enemy flanks, encircling formations, and thus destroying numerically and technologically superior forces.
Improve our Logistics
Our logistics network has always been one of the best in China. Since the First Zhili-Anhui war our logistics system has been able to funnel supplies and reinforcements quickly and efficiently to the frontline, allowing us to effectively utilise our large industrial and manpower base to our advantage. Let us once again utilise this advantage against our enemies!
Modernise Infantry Tactics
During the last few conflicts we have been involved in, our infantry have been found lacking in multiple aspects. Our machine gunners were operating off outdated tactics, often with unskilled gunners. Our infantry often found themselves unsupported by artillery and other support weapons. If we hope to emerge victorious in our upcoming struggle to unite China, we must modernise our infantry tactics and fix any remaining issues we may have.
Utilise our Strengths
Over the last two decades our artillery force was one of the bright spots within our often lacklustre army, with their effective and often accurate fire helping us emerge victorious in many battles. While the two Young Guard factions have differing ideas on how our artillery corps should operate moving forward, they both agree that maintaining a strong artillery arm will be a deciding factor of our upcoming wars. Let us continue to utilise this strength.
Collaborative Equipment Design
By partnering with Japanese manufacturers to create and streamline designs suited to the unique Chinese environment, we can produce superior weapons at a lower cost. This may make us reliant on expensive Japanese-built machinery, but in the long run we will have the tools we need to pacify all of China.
Turn to the Youngsters
Led by Zhang Xueliang, the Shaoshuai Clique arose after our defeat in the Third Zhili Fengtian war. Comprised mainly of young forward thinking officers, they emphasise the need for a well disciplined core of NCOs and infantrymen. Therefore, we must entrust our army reform to these young officers and their old guard allies so that we can prepare ourselves for the inevitable confrontation with our enemies in the south while also staving Japanese influence in our army.
Train New Field Officers
Historically, the Fengtian Army had found itself lacking skilled junior officers capable of maintaining cohesion at the front lines. By training a new generation of field officers, we can distribute skilled junior officers to our entire army and both aleviate the our shortage of skilled leadership and ensure our troops will continue to be effective at a tactical level.
Promote New NCOs
Drawing from teachings at the Baoding military academy and the influence of Guo Songling, the Shaoshuai Clique emphasises the need for a capable corps of NCOs to maintain the cohesion and discipline of our troops at the front lines. By promoting promising soldiers into these positions, our armies can hope to defeat the enemy through superior discipline and organisation instead of solely relying on our superior equipment as we have done historically.
Model Soldiers
While our army has come a long way since our defeat in 1922, our significant portion of our forces are still comprised of unmotivated and poorly trained troops. Therefore, we must mandate our troops undergo rigourous physical and combat training, as well as moral indoctrination, in order to create a skilled, disciplined and motivated fighting force that would match any army in China.
Mobilise the People
As we have done during our many conflicts up to this point, we must draw from the Northeast's rich industrial and manpower bases in order to effectively supply our armies with arms and fresh recruits.
Legacy of Guo Songling
Despite Guo Songling's treachery his legacy within the Fengtian army is hard to ignore, particularly his influence with our younger officers. However, his ideas have proved to be quite effective in the years following his death and has lead our army to many victories. Perhaps by adopting and refining his ideas, as well as returning his followers to more influential positions, we can greatly increase our army's strength.
Modernise the Cavalry
Historically, our cavalry force has performed exceptionally well in the North China Plain against our adversaries. During the Second Zhili-Fengtian War, our cavalry proved to be a vital part of our victor in Rehe. We must ensure our cavalry force is up to modern standards if we hope to replicate our previous successes. Furthermore, General Ma Zhanshan has suggested that our cavalry may also prove useful in the event our enemies occupy our lands...
Learn From the Russians
After witnessing the awesome power of railway artillery and armoured trains being used by our Russian neighbours, both during their civil war and their infrequent border clashes with our own army and Japanese forces, many within our clique have been convinced of the effectiveness of railway artillery. While expensive, they may prove invaluable in breaching powerful fortifications built by our enemies to the south.
Turn to the Shikan Clique
The Shikan Clique, lead by Yang Yuting, are a group of officers educated at the Rikugun Shikan Gakko in Japan. Yang's goals of creating a centralised command structure, precision artillery strikes and modern officer corps have served us well in the past, especially on the Rehe front during the Second Zhili-Fengtian War. Perhaps Yang Yuting's ideas can once again transform the Fengtian army into one of the greatest armies in China.
Exchange Programs with Japan
Whilst our Japanese \
Lessons of the Weltkrieg
While we formally participated in the Weltkrieg on the side of the Entente, we only witnessed the carnage caused by modern weaponry and tactics from afar, through both observers and associates within the Japanese military. We can hope to greatly improve our army's combat effectiveness if we take the lessons learned by the great powers to heart by emphasising the need for a skilled engineer and artillery corps.
Study Japanese Infantry Tactics
During the very limited Japanese interventions by the Imperial Japanese Military in our conflicts, their tactics have proved to be extremely effective. Their infantry in particular have proven to be extremely capable in infiltration assault operations leading to many victories. Learning from these Japanese strategies may prove extremely useful for our army's combat effectiveness.
A New Generation of Chinese Officers
If we are to produce one of the premier fighting forces in China, our officers must match the standards of our new army. Therefore, our new generation of Chinese officers must be disciplined, knowledgeable and loyal to us if we are to produce skilled officers who will be fit to lead our new army.
A Modern General Staff
Much of the Imperial Japanese Army's success can be traced back to their general staff. Therefore, to replicate their successes we must create a modern general staff of our own, allowing us to create battle plans for any confrontation with our enemies long before we come to blows. Consequently, this would give us an advantage over our enemies and would prove extremely useful in our battles against our southern adversaries.
A Methodical Approach to War
After observing the past three decades of almost constant fighting, only one conclusion can be drawn. Even in China, where armies hundreds of thousands strong regularly clash with one another, fanaticism and numbers will not win battles. Only a strong, elite and modern force backed by modern strategy will win us battles. Therefore, we must adopt a methodical approach to war to ensure that our armies can emerge victorious.
Li Yichun
The effects of this focus will change depending on if §YYang Yuting§! or §YZhang Zuoxiang§! is currently our Chief of Army.
If we have §YMa Zhanshan§! in our military high command, the bonuses of this focus will be increased.
We will receive a §Yrailway gun§! once the timed national spirit expires.
Rearm the Northeast
The Shenyang Arsenal was once China's greatest military-industrial enterprise, but the past decade has seen it eclipsed by the combined production of other Chinese arsenals, such as those at Hanyang, Baoding, and Jiangnan. We must reclaim our place at the top, and in doing so reduce our reliance on Japanese military aid. We can begin by stamping out corruption and increasing production quotas.
Diversify Armament Production
The Shenyang Arsenal has always been a massive but totally centralised operation, with one single plant and sub-factories in the Shenyang area accounting for the entirety of the Northeast's armament production. Eventually, size becomes a burden. We must consider diversifying our equipment manufacturing process to include components built at separate plants, or even by private companies.
Zaibatsu Investments
By opening our armaments industry to the Zaibatsu we are inevitably inviting increased Japanese influence in Manchuria. However, they can provide more money than we could ever afford to spend, and their manufacturing processes are far more sophisticated than our own.
Jigyou Hikaku
The Japanese have recommended that our military-industrial enterprises adopt a strategy of comparing business results, or 'Jigyou Hikaku', in which proprietary data on production is disclosed. They will then rank performance and dispatch consultants to improve our industrial methods. This should boost production, though it will give the Japanese plenty of information about our military industry.
Expand the Shenyang Arsenal
China's largest military-industrial enterprise through the 1920s, the enormous Shenyang Arsenal produces a wide variety of modified small arms and artillery, usually based around designs acquired from overseas. By expanding its operations and introducing newer equipment we can substantially increase its output.
Develop the Dadong Artillery Complex
[FNG.GetLeader] has always had an enthusiasm for big guns, and the Mukden Arsenal has always built its artillery at the Shenyang Mortar Factory in Dadong; a northeastern district of Shenyang. By expanding this operation into a totally separate artillery complex, we can maximise its efficiency.
The Kwantung Protocol
In light of the growing friendship between our two nations, the Kwantung Army has petitioned Japan's Army Ministry to increase cooperation. This is set to include the transfer of weapons and technology, as well as training. All we need to do is add our signature to the prepared document, though accepting will play straight into the hands of the Concordia Association.
Reorganise the Coastal Defence Forces
Because the Fengtian Navy has no realistic way of opposing the larger and newer navy fielded by [QIE.GetNameDef], its main purpose is coastal defence. In light of recent troubling inadequacies, such as one ship's crew selling their armament on the black market, extensive reorganisation and reform is necessary.
Expand Yingkou Naval Yard
Yingkou is the Northeast Region's second-largest port, after Japanese-held [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], and the home of our Navy. If we are to begin any meaningful naval reconstruction project, expansion of the Yingkou Naval Yard is an essential first step.
The Nine Points Strategy
The severe asymmetry in strength between the Fengtian and [QIE.GetAdjective] navies means that, in the absence of Japanese support, our entire coast will be at risk of invasion. Japanese strategists have outlined nine positions at which naval landings are most likely, and drafted plans for their defence.
Regular River Patrols
The Navy possesses number of small patrol boats, occasionally used to police the Yalu and Songhua rivers, but the majority of which are currently rusting away in storage. These might be better used to train our crews and maintain our internal security, if we can find the funding.
Re-Forming the Marine Corps
A marine corps was created in 1914, called the 'Republic of China Marine Corps,' but this attempt went nowhere. We will revive the China Marine Corps along modern lines, enabling us to better operate in riverine environments like the Huang He and Yangtze. Given the right opportunity, we may even be able to cross the Bohai Sea, and make Wu Peifu's old strategy our own.
Commission Japanese Ships
There can be no doubt that our own ship-building capabilities pale compared to those of the Imperial Japanese Navy. They will never give us the ships necessary to build a truly modern fleet, but they might sell us enough to make a difference against other Chinese, and any other future threats.
Request Japanese Airframes
While we have a strong air force in comparison to most warlords, our air force still lacks behind the [QIE.GetName] air force in size and modernity, as they are supplied with modern German aircraft. We will need to leverage our relationship to Japan in order to be able to have a chance against them.
Restructure the China Flying Corps
Originally organised by the Grand Marshal's son, Zhang Xueliang, the Corps performed well in the last war, losing air superiority only upon the arrival of more modern German-piloted planes. Since then it's expanded, but retains aircraft decades behind Western standards.
Request Aircraft Blueprints
True aircraft design requires well educated and extremely specialised engineers, which we sadly don't have access to. As a result, in order to improve our air force, we must order more from Japan.
Reverse Engineering Efforts
With some Japanese planes in our possession, it seems possible that we might reverse engineer them for our own use, though the success of such efforts cannot be guaranteed.
Shoutai Tactics
Enormous advances in aircraft design in recent years have produced planes that fly completely differently than their predecessors, requiring reevaluations of flight manoeuvring and tactics. The Japanese have reorganised their Air Squadrons into three-plane 'Shoutai' units which are designed around the flexibility necessary for dogfighting. These could give us an important edge.
Expand the Shenyang Aerodrome
One of China's first military aviation centres, the Shenyang Aerodrome requires expansion in-line with our increasing air power.
Once the greatest of the Beiyang warlords and master of Northern China, the Fengtian Clique found itself reduced to its base in the Northeast by a resurgent Zhili Clique and was left sole heir to the Xinhai Revolution following the Qing Restoration.\n\nBalancing internal factions with ever-growing Japanese influence, Marshal Zhang rebuilds his army for one final struggle against his Zhili rivals. Will the Old Marshal successfully march into the Central Plains and carry out unification, or will his benefactors in Tokyo crush the Chinese dream underfoot?
GFX_FNG_intro
The Bastion in the North
As the year 1936 dawns, Fengtian stands in the Northeast as the final bastion of China's Republican dream. As with many things in China however, the abstractions of this dream hide complex and often inconvenient truths. The Fengtian Government of the Republic of China, contesting [QIE.GetNameDef]'s claims to legitimacy, maintains democracy only as a thin veneer, covering what has always been, and perhaps always will be, an authoritarian state.\n\nThe Assembly in Shenyang is widely regarded to be corrupt, power divided between autocratic generals, unscrupulous railway barons, and Pan-Asianist ideologues with questionable motivations. Amid it all stands Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin, his ambitions great, but limited by the stark realities of [QIE.GetAdjective] strength and Japanese power; for now forced to walk a political tightrope between the two, and above the machinations of his own divided government. The status quo cannot last forever, and if the right moment to strike south is not chosen soon, it may never come at all.\n\nThe staggering cost of the wars with the south and the severance of economic ties left Fengtian reeling, and while past years have been spent rebuilding, there is much left to do. Likewise, the army has suffered from neglect, and must be reorganised. The Japanese, their influence growing by the day, present both a dire threat and an opportunity. The waters ahead are treacherous, and it will take a truly great helmsman to steer the ship of state not only to survival, but also toward the reclamation of all China.\n\nBriefings are available on Fengtian's special mechanics, its relationship with the Japanese, and internal politics.
Special Mechanics Briefing
The Fengtian Government is unstable, pressured from without and within, ultimately a fusion of elements that would be contradictory were it not for their shared goals. The parties, more accurately termed factions, exercise their grip through dominance of the country's institutions instead of mass appeal. As such, the 'popularity' of parties should be taken to represent their degree of control over the country's government and other structures of power, control being determined not by the popular policies of ministers, but by choices, focuses, and events that increase or diminish their power.\n\nConsequently, your aim should be to balance the various factions, each of which has the potential to abuse their power if given too much of it, though each will do so differently. Each political advisor is part of one of the four factions. Each advisor hired, in addition to their trait, will improve the Divided Governance national spirit while also boosting the influence of their respective faction. As such, advisors should be picked wisely to avoid the negative consequences of an imbalance of power later down the line.\n\nAnother crucial point is the role of our benefactors in Tokyo, whose influence grows and wanes in the Fengtian Clique depending on our reliance on their aid. As their influence grows, it will lead to increasing bonuses to production, but at the cost of political power and autonomy. The rise of this influence is inevitable over time, and should be viewed with caution.
Japanese Briefing
The Japanese exercise their power in Fengtian through a series of treaties permitting them not only extraterritoriality, but also the right to live and work in Fengtian more or less as if they were its citizens. While the Grand Marshal and others utilise a wide variety of means to slow and inconvenience the Japanese, their presence is necessary and the growth of their influence inevitable. The primary institution responsible for this growth is the South Manchuria Railway Company, more commonly termed 'Mantetsu', the profits from which in recent years have accounted for nearly a quarter of Japan's entire national budget.\n\nAt the same time, the Japanese need Fengtian and what it represents. Its cooperation and the prospect of a victory in the South offer to save Japan a great deal of time and money. The result is a tenuous balance, the Japanese ever looking for more profit and power, but well aware that pushing too hard will place Zhang Zuolin in a politically untenable position, and thus bring their careful efforts to naught.\n\nSo far Zhang has pursued a patchwork policy; promotion of Pan-Asian brotherhood with Japan, only to intermittently replace this with repudiations of Japanese initiatives that push too far, and consistent private efforts to lessen Japanese influence. How to proceed will be your choice, but caution is advised.
Politics Briefing
Fengtian has four primary political factions:\n\n1. The Recovery League\n\nA loose association of fallen generals, governors, bureaucrats, and politicians without any strong ideological affiliation, most of whom find themselves in Fengtian because there are few other places where they might hold any semblance of power. Easily bribed and tempted, they often serve to promote the interests of whoever is willing to pay, and consequently the 'league' is highly splintered despite controlling a large portion of the Assembly, lacking the political will to act decisively.\n\n2. The Zhang Clique\n\nA collection of loyalists and generals, the Zhang Clique holds no specific ideology beyond promoting the furtherance of the Grand Marshal's political powers. While making pretences to democracy, Zhang's supporters are not committed to republican ideals, and promote them only for their utility.\n\n3. The Communications Clique\n\nThe sole politically coherent faction to emerge from the former Beiyang Government, the Communications Clique are a collection of railroad and telegraph barons, primarily self-interested, but locked in confrontation with Mantetsu and the Concordia Association over the country's infrastructure.\n\n4. Japanese Influence\n\nA collection of bureaucrats and officers from Japan sent to Shenyang ostensibly to aid Marshal Zhang Zuolin, these men represent various interests in the service of Tokyo. The Kwantung Army hopes to maintain Manchuria's autonomy from the rest of China, the Tianjin Army seeks to assist the Fengtian reclamation of China in order to expand Japanese influence across all of China, and the various Japanese bureaucrats hope to test new policies deemed radical in the Home Islands.
§MZhang Xueliang - Commencing True Recovery / Clear-cut Political Economics / In the Spirit of 1912§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Unite China as §aZhang Zuolin§! without allowing §YJapanese Patience§! to run out.\n\n§MZhang Xueliang - Commencing True Recovery§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ - $social_liberal_coloured$ - $social_democrat_coloured$ - $national_populist_coloured$ Coalition)\n£white_dot Select the §YCommencing True Recovery§! Focus.\n\n§MZhang Xueliang - Clear-cut Political Economics§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$ - $social_conservative_coloured$ Coalition)\n£white_dot Select the §YClear-cut Political Economics§! Focus.\n\n§MZhang Xueliang - In the Spirit of 1912§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Before unification, if you take Beijing and a §fFederalist Government§! has formed in the South, take the decision §YTwin Dragons United By Chance§!.\n£white_dot If they accept, they will become your puppet.\n£white_dot After unification, they will receive an event to revolt or accept integration.\n£white_dot If they accept integration, you will be able to appoint §SZhang Junmai§! as your Second-in-Command and complete the §YIn the Spirit of 1912§! Focus.\n\n§MYang Yuting - The Dragon's Gambit / Concord of Nationalities§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Have §YJapanese Patience§! run out before uniting China as §aZhang Zuolin§!.\n£white_dot §aZhang Zuolin§! will be assassinated and §PYang Yuting§! will take power.\n\n§MYang Yuting - The Dragon's Gambit§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$ - $social_conservative_coloured$ - $national_populist_coloured$ Coalition)\n£white_dot Keep §YJapanese Influence§! lower than 50%, and select the §YDragon's Gambit§! Focus.\n\n§MYang Yuting - Concord of Nationalities§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$ - $social_conservative_coloured$ Coalition)\n£white_dot Select the §YConcord of Nationalities§! Focus.
Rumours Incite Regionalist Uproar
Although no plans have been made public, or even exist in anything approaching a final form, rumours have already begun to spread that the Fengtian Army is preparing to march south and conquer Beijing within the next month. The scattered news coming in from the south has inspired a potent mix of excitement and concern, and confrontations have already broken out in tea rooms, bars, and other public places between ardent nationalists and regionalist 'Dongbei Party' members.\n\nThe 'Dongbei Party' is not a political party in any real sense, and more a nickname applied by detractors to any espousing doubts about Zhang Zuolin's mission to reunite the country. A significant number of local officials and bureaucrats, including school teachers, share this kind of scepticism and have begun organising protests criticising what they view as a costly and unnecessary war.\n\nNaturally, the government will not refute the rumours, as that might free up Beijing's hand to intervene in the League Crisis.
Rumours can be dangerous...
Regionalists Take Action
Shouting 'Dongbei weile Dongbeiren' or 'The Northeast for Northeastern People', protestors have gathered near the Grand Marshal's palace, in Harbin's Sophia Square, and outside Jilin's Medical College demanding an end to war preparations. Their numbers are not great enough to present serious problems, and police have already been dispatched to maintain order, but this is only part of an ongoing campaign which threatens to undermine public confidence in the regime. If the whole of the Northeast cannot be united behind the Grand Marshal's dream to reunite all of China, then how can it ever be realised?
Protestors gathered again in several prominent locations in Northeastern cities. Their numbers were not great enough to present serious problems, but that did not stop police from cracking down hard, wading into the masses with clubs and rifle butts, and scattering fleeing protestors into crowded side streets. Angered by the violence, some 'Dongbei Party' members have already vowed to return in even greater numbers, but it is hoped that this quick and decisive response will deter all but the movement's hard-liners, making them all the easier to round-up and silence.\n\nMore concerning is talk among members of local trade associations, chambers of commerce, and town assemblies of a tax boycott. Unlike some of the young students, these older men remember the hard times late last decade when war expenditures outgrew the Northeastern economy and sent it into economic freefall.
Despite efforts by the police regionalist protests have continued sporadically across the Northeast, and have been given further weight by support from local chambers of commerce, currency exchanges, and other business institutions concerned about the economic costs of a war to the south. While this currently appears to be posturing, there is no telling whether these groups will undermine the war-effort when the decisive moment comes, and while the public protests have yet to turn violent it may be only a matter of time. The sooner this problem is addressed the better.
News of continued conflicts to the south have given the regionalist movement renewed momentum. Attempts at suppression have been continually hampered by the unwillingness of some sympathetic bureaucrats, police chiefs, and other officials to carry out their duties in full. Undoubtedly a complete effort will need to be made to root out these frustrating elements and restore order. As the public discontent continues the legitimacy and strength of our government is gradually sapped away.
Unfortunate.
Agent Provocateurs in Action
Just as planned, our well-placed agents have successfully pushed some in the regionalist movement toward violence. Already increasingly violent protests have caused damage to public property, and reactions have been negative. It may only be a matter of time before we have the justification we need.
Excellent.
The Harbin Riots
A protest rapidly escalated into an all-out riot last night, as protestors clashed with police in downtown Harbin. There have been fifteen recorded deaths, with unknown numbers of wounded on both sides, numbers possibly stretching into the low hundreds. Of particular concern is the Harbin Central Station which saw its front windows shattered, and its roof in flames. Damage to the station and several pieces of rolling stock have delayed travel along connecting rail lines, and the bureaucrats at Mantetsu have already registered their outrage.\n\nCleaning up this mess may take some time, but at least we now have a clear justification for action against the regionalist movement.
Good... and bad.
Mass Arrests Begin
With the appropriate justification now in place, our dutiful police officers, with support from local militia and the Fengtian Army, have begun rounding up suspected protestors. The majority will eventually be sent home, but not necessarily in one piece. Hopefully, their imprisonment will serve as a message to the other protestors, and any sympathisers, that the government will no longer tolerate their subversion.
Good riddance.
An Offer from the Kempeitai
The Kempeitai, the Japanese Army's extrajudicial police force, have taken note of our regionalist problem and come forward with a partial solution. With a wide network of informants, they claim to have information on a number of figures underpinning the regionalist movement - information they have volunteered. In response, we must provide intelligence on several anti-Japanese agitators and insurgents who have so far slipped through their fingers; not in the least due to our own interference. So far it has been convenient for us to keep in contact with these nationalists, pending cases where we need to push back against Japanese influence.\n\nIs this one of those cases? Or should we take the deal and offer these people up on a silver platter?
Take the deal.
No thank you.
Regionalist Movement Suppressed
The 'Dongbei Party', and the regionalist movement in general, have been suppressed at last. While this is not an end to regionalist sentiment in the Northeast, it may last for decades to come, but for now it has ceased to be a consideration as we turn our attention southward.
Progress.
Picking up the Educational Slack
Our targeted removal of regionalist 'Dongbei Party' school teachers and other intellectuals has predictably led to educational chaos and major research interruptions, but staffers at the Japanese Consulate have come forward with a possible solution. Mantetsu has long maintained a series of privately run schools originally intended for the sons and daughters of employees, as well as Japanese immigrants, which pride themselves on providing an education comparable to or even exceeding those available in the Home Islands. At our behest, the Japanese government might pressure Mantetsu to open these to the public and provide staff to fill temporary shortages.\n\nOnce we open the door to this kind of activity it will be very difficult to close, and these schools will almost certainly be used to spread Japanese culture and norms. We should consider carefully.
Decline the offer.
Accept the offer.
The Kimono Scandal
Scandal! In a most unfortunate turn of events, the Grand Marshal's youngest daughter has been photographed wearing a Japanese Kimono during a photo-session at the Mantetsu-run 'Hokutō Kokuritsudaigaku' or 'Northeast National Academy'. Despite risk of arrest, word of the photo has already spread widely, along with a few copies of the image itself, though local and national news agencies know better than to print this defamation. Some agents in the military's intelligence branch speculate that the image was intentionally taken and spread by the Japanese as a means of punishing the government for recent actions, but no supporting evidence has emerged.\n\nThere is little question, however, that our enemies will use this opportunity to spread their nefarious propaganda.
What an embarrassment!
Close the Mantetsu schools!
Students Join the Youth League
In an embarrassing and deeply damaging incident, a band of Chinese school children from Changchun recently announced their intention to join the Fengtian Youth League, which actively promotes Japanese interests in our country. Obviously their young minds are easily impressionable, but their parade through the streets of their home city, waving Japanese flags, has disgusted many and invited outright enmity toward the government. Parents weep, asking how their children could become so warped, and demand an alternative to these dangerous Japanese-run schools.
This is an outrage!
Close the schools!
Chinese Uniforms for Chinese Students
After the demoralising effects of our harsh but necessary crack-down on 'Dongbei Party' teachers, our Education Ministry has come forward with a new national school uniform. While this may seem like a small change, the uniforms are a symbol of Chinese independence and national identity stretching beyond any particular region. Surely a bright new future awaits our students as part of a united China!
A point of pride!
Developing Infrastructure in Liaoning
Northeast China's infrastructure is often considered superior to what can be found across the rest of the country, but even so it rarely meets western standards. For all their modernity, Mantetsu's railways fail to fully cover a region the size of France and Germany combined. Smaller provincial rail lines, as well as a network of criss-crossing motorways, have been built over past decades in an attempt to solve this problem, but they are few and far between - not to mention often poorly maintained. If we are to stimulate economic development, and better support our armies in the field, we must further develop these networks and ensure their maintenance. Liaoning, the heart of our operations, is as good a place to start as any, and a collection of smaller Chinese companies are already eager to begin work.\n\nThese companies, in the absence of Mantetsu and Japanese engineers, will do a great deal to demonstrate Chinese strength and independence.
Northeast China's infrastructure is often considered superior to what can be found across the rest of the country, but even so it rarely meets western standards. For all their modernity, Mantetsu's railways fail to fully cover a region the size of France and Germany combined. Smaller provincial rail lines, as well as a network of criss-crossing motorways, have been built over past decades in an attempt to solve this problem, but they are few and far between - not to mention often poorly maintained. If we are to stimulate economic development, and better support our armies in the field, we must further develop these networks and ensure their maintenance. Liaoning, the heart of our operations, is as good a place to start as any, and already both Mantetsu and a collection of smaller Chinese companies are vying for the open contract.\n\nThe Japanese claim, and perhaps correctly, that they could have the work complete in half the time due to their resources and expertise, but choosing a Chinese company would do a great deal to demonstrate Chinese strength and independence.
Choose a Chinese Company.
Choose Mantetsu.
Infrastructure Development in Liaoning Complete
After months of construction and various unfortunate delays, the planned infrastructure developments in Liaoning ares finally complete. After reviewing plans and available resources, the NTC will undoubtedly make another contract available soon.
Great news!
Developing Infrastructure in Liaobei and Jilin
In contrast to Liaoning, existing local infrastructure in Liaobei and Jilin is somewhat sparse, particularly in the foothills of the Greater Khingan and Changbai ranges. The NTC has drafted an elaborate Japanese-inspired plan intended to link the central hubs of Jilin City and Changchun to otherwise isolated communities, with road extending outward almost like spokes on a wheel. The plan is so extensive that much of it is beyond our ability to complete in a reasonable time-frame, and such we will be completing only its initial stages for now.
In contrast to Liaoning, existing local infrastructure in Liaobei and Jilin is somewhat sparse, particularly in the foothills of the Greater Khingan and Changbai ranges. The NTC has drafted an elaborate Japanese-inspired plan intended to link the central hubs of Jilin City and Changchun to otherwise isolated communities, with road extending outward almost like spokes on a wheel. The plan is so extensive that much of it is beyond our ability to complete in a reasonable time-frame. Some have suggested this represents a cunning plan by the Japanese to engender greater reliance, as Mantetsu could likely complete such a sprawling project where our own Chinese companies would fall short. Nonetheless, we've decided to split work into stages, with only the initial development planned for now.\n\nAs in the past, Mantetsu offers to carry out the construction work in a very timely manner, but Chinese companies stand ready to perform the same task.
Choose a Chinese Company.
Choose Mantetsu.
Infrastructure Development in Liaobei and Jilin Complete
Our infrastructure development plan for Liaobei and Jilin is complete, at least insofar as it needs to be for our current purposes. Truly, the Northeast is moving toward a brighter future.
Excellent!
Developing Infrastructure in Nenjiang and Songjiang
While far more tame than the wilds of Heilongjiang or the Hailar Steppe, Nenjiang and Songjiang represent some of the least developed areas in Manchuria. The majority of our work there will mean transforming ancient footpaths, winding across hills and between mountains, into modern narrow-gauge railways or sturdy motorways. By necessity, most of our work will link up to the 'Chinese Eastern Railway', originally built by the Russians as part of the Trans-Siberian railway, but now heavily influenced by the Japanese.
While far more tame than the wilds of Heilongjiang or the Hailar Steppe, Nenjiang and Songjiang represent some of the least developed areas in Manchuria. The majority of our work there will mean transforming ancient footpaths, winding across hills and between mountains, into modern narrow-gauge railways or sturdy motorways. By necessity, most of our work will link up to the 'Chinese Eastern Railway', originally built by the Russians as part of the Trans-Siberian railway, but now heavily influenced by the Japanese.\n\nUnsurprisingly, Mantetsu offers to perform the construction work, though there are perfectly viable Chinese companies available too.
Choose a Chinese Company.
Choose Mantetsu.
Infrastructure Development in Nenjiang and Songjiang Complete
Despite the challenges our workers faced, work is complete on the newly developed infrastructure in Nenjiang and Songjiang. While development further north has been considered, the NTC feels that is beyond the scope of their current mandate; at least for now.
Wansui!
Railway Construction Workers Strike!
Chinese workers, complaining of inadequate pay and difficult working conditions, have refused to return to work in a carefully coordinated strike. Despite the presence of railway unions in the Northeast, their coordination in this instance suggests the involvement of the Communications Clique, possibly as part of an attempt to demonstrate their influence or retaliate for some perceived slight.\n\nWhile this turn of events effects them too, the Japanese are happy to watch us squabble amongst ourselves. The strike will end, but not without causing significant delays.
Unfortunate.
Delays Plague Infrastructure Construction
The nature of the situation was fairly clear as soon as the first signs appeared; shipments unaccountably missing, rails laid at just enough of an incorrect angle to require complete re-construction, and sudden inspections of the labour force by Japanese agents supposedly seeking 'dangerous criminals'; inspections which inevitably required the suspension of work.\n\nThese same tactics were employed by the Japanese during the 1920s against the Fengtian Clique's railway projects, attempting to slow and discredit Chinese construction in order to limit competition to Mantetsu, and now they seem to be delaying our efforts once again. Unfortunately, there is little we can do.
Frustrating.
Delays Plague Mantetsu Infrastructure Construction
Despite Mantetsu's excellent engineers and equipment, the current railway construction project has encountered repeated delays as workers unaccountably go missing, materials vanish in the night, and bandits raid the camps alongside the rails, only to disappear before Japanese troops arrive.\n\nThe local police and our intelligence services are unwilling to do much to investigate or solve these repeated incidents, instead preferring to watch the Japanese squirm. The fact that Mantetsu received the contract to build the railway is well known to the public, and some patriotic citizens appear to have taken matters into their own hands.
What a pity.
Imperial Fury
Infuriated, the Japanese government today issued a statement declaring an end to various Fengtian aid programmes, including sectors such as research, industrial development, agricultural development, and military armament. The aid should return in some time, as the Japanese cannot afford to let us grow too weak, but until then many functions of our state are crippled.
Worried by the decreasing power of their political proxy in the Assembly, the Japanese government today issued a statement declaring an end to various Fengtian aid programmes, including sectors such as research, industrial development, agricultural development, and military armament. The aid should return in some time, as the Japanese cannot afford to let us grow too weak, but until then many functions of our state are crippled.
Incensed by what they see as impertinence, the Japanese government today issued a statement declaring an end to various Fengtian aid programmes, including sectors such as research, industrial development, agricultural development, and military armament. The aid should return in some time, as the Japanese cannot afford to let us grow too weak, but until then many functions of our state are crippled.
Incensed by our 'grave insolence', the Japanese government today issued a statement declaring an end to various Fengtian aid programmes, including sectors such as research, industrial development, agricultural development, and military armament. The aid should return in some time, as the Japanese cannot afford to let us grow too weak, but until then many functions of our state are crippled.
A hard lesson.
Japanese Aid Returns
Apparently feeling that their lesson in obedience is clear and punishing enough, the Japanese have resumed their aid. We should be careful about provoking them in the future, and make sure not to push the Concordia Association too far out of the Assembly before we are ready.
At last!
Feng Yong Criticises Japan
Citing the recent expansion of the Japanese military garrison in Shenyang, Feng Yong launched a scathing criticism of Japan and its foreign policy from the Assembly floor. Though other politicians have been known to disparage the Japanese in the past, the premier post within Marshal Zhang's cirle gives Feng's words a different kind of significance, and elevates them above the confines of the Assembly.\n\nWasting no time, the Japanese Consul-General has already demanded that we remove Feng Yong from office.
Oh dear.
Japan is our fraternal ally...
Mantetsu Protests Railway Construction
Mantetsu's president, Matsuoka Yōsuke, has notified the government of his discovery of our recently resumed railway construction. Frustrated with our attempts to circumvent his company's stranglehold on logistics, Matsuoka has arbitrarily raised the prices on the imported high quality steel we need to complete the project. Steelworks in Japan have proven no more cooperative, likely having already received direction from the Japanese government. Though we could source the material elsewhere, the costs would make the entire project impractical.\n\nAccepting the raised prices would come at a significant political cost, and reduce the number of workers we can hire, but there could be another solution. By claiming to end the project, we could continue to access the steel at normal prices, while secretly continuing construction. By leading Mantetsu employees in circles with extensive red tape, bureaucratic obstructionism, and bogus paperwork, we could likely finish construction before anyone realises. We've done it before. Unfortunately, due to the secrecy of the project, it'd likely take much longer.
Prices are prices.
They won't notice until it's too late.
The Kwantung Army Tears up our new Railway
Apparently having discovered our deception, soldiers from the Kwantung Army's 'Railway Guard' stormed our ongoing railway construction project, savagely destroying the rails and leaving dozens of dead workers; shot for supposed 'hostile interference'. Though the Japanese were unable to destroy everything, large sections of rail were even melted and twisted into 'railway ties'. To add to the challenges facing resumption of the project, prices on Japanese steel have been raised sky-high, likely at Mantetsu's behest. Though the Japanese are unable to completely stop our work, now we need to start almost from square one.
These insufferable Japanese!
[FNG.GetLeader] is Building Parallel Railways!
Word has come to us by way of Mantetsu's intelligence division that [FNG.GetLeader] has resumed one of his old projects, aiming to circumvent our monopoly on Manchuria's rail network. By building parallel railway lines to the SMR and CER, should a war break out between us, Zhang will be able to ferry his men across the region without immediate interference by the Kwantung Army; not to mention without their immediate knowledge. This represents a threat to our interests, and would normally deserve a swift response.\n\nAlready the Kwantung Army is demanding that these insolent Chinese not be allowed to get away with this brazen insult to the nation.
A swift response they shall have!
We have bigger problems.
Japan Ignores Railway Construction
Surprisingly, the Japanese seem to have chosen to ignore our railway construction, despite their discovery of its continuation. Apart from a 'strongly worded letter', lacking any real teeth, the swift and severe response we've come to expect never came. It's possible they see their complete stranglehold on Manchurian transportation as no longer tenable, but more likely they have greater concerns at the moment.
We've run circles around these fools!
Zhang Zongxiang Negotiates New Trade terms
The [QIE.GetAdjective]-German embargo on goods moving to and from the Northeast hit our economy hard. Continued trade was instead routed through the Legation Cities, open as they were to all nations. Although we were able to side-step the embargo, the use of Tianjin and Shanghai as intermediaries came at the cost of additional tariffs, and reliance on third parties. With these businesses, both legitimate and illegitimate, fully aware of their control over an entire region's trade, trade deals have always been lacklustre despite their necessity.\n\nSomehow Zhang Zongxiang has managed to push through years of negotiations however, and secured a deal offering better terms for trade. Rumours swirl that a number of palms were greased in the process, but nobody seems to want to ask questions.
Excellent!
Mantetsu Lifts Railway Restrictions
After some consideration, and in spite of our sometimes fraught relations, Mantetsu's governing board has decided to set aside the restrictions usually placed on our strategic movement. This is undoubtedly an accommodation made in consideration of our newly entered war. Mantetsu will likely reimpose the restrictions when peace is made.
Finally!
Mantetsu Reimposes Railway Restrictions
Given the end of our recently concluded war, Mantetsu's governing board has decided to reimpose its restrictions on our strategic movement in Manchuria.
Naturally...
A New Automobile Company
Thanks to the Shenyang Arsenal's regular production of the Minsheng Truck and our efforts to encourage sino-japanese cooperation, a group of Communications Clique oligarchs have partnered with the Jidōsha-Seizo Company, subsidiary to the Nihon Sangyō Zaibatsu, to fund the creation of a new automobile factory in Fengtian province. Already a collection of young engineers, mostly educated in Japan, are studying the prospects of more modern consumer-oriented Minsheng-inspired models.
Good news!
Japanese involvement is unacceptable.
An End to the Investment Shortage
After roughly a decade of limited external or internal investment beyond the government's own, Fengtian has made itself a reliable and trustworthy location for prosperous growth. Going from strength to strength, and with the fires of industry behind us, our prospects of retaking the country are growing by the day.\n\nAs we begin other development projects, we should begin to see our investment efforts open up related opportunities.
Finally!
Red Spears in Dezhou!
Bands of Red Spears, peasant self-defence units which are often little better than bandits, have grown in size and strength across Dezhou recently, especially along the Zhili-Shandong border. As the new rulers in the area, we are expected to maintain peace and order, which has now been substantially disturbed. Several local garrisons have been attacked, villages burned, and towns raided. Forces have already been dispatched to deal with the issue, but a concerted effort to wipe out resistance in the rear areas, behind our front lines, is likely needed to deal with them permanently.
Damn peasants!
Deserters Rise up in Daming!
When our troops swept through Zhili province, they crushed all signs of organised resistance, but sometimes resistance isn't so organised. Groups of deserters, stemming from our enemy's former armies and our own forces, have begun organising in order to take on larger targets across Daming. Several trains in the vicinity of Shimen have come under attack, and have caused our logisticians serious concern due to the Jinhan Line's major strategic importance. Local garrisons will be mobilised to deal with the issue, but matters such as these behind our lines deserve a coordinated response.
Traitors the lot of them!
Warlords Resist in Ruyang
Composed as they are of informal patronage networks, not all local power structures can be co-opted by our occupying forces. In this case, several local warlords formerly loyal to Wu Peifu have seemingly taken offence at our policies in Ruyang, and seized the Gongxian Arsenal at Xinyang. Despite their relative organisation and the weapons from the arsenal, their troops are still too few and too ill-equipped to combat our own on a large scale, but they will nonetheless force us to divert forces away from the front lines. We need a coherent response to these cases of resistance.
Fools.
Bandits Sweep Guanzhong
The mountains around Xi'an have been home to bandits since time immemorial, but now these brigands have come down from the hills and begun preying on hapless travellers, undefended villages, and most importantly our supply caravans. Due to their diffuse and disorganised nature, bandits can be difficult to track down and eliminate permanently. To do so we will undoubtedly need a coordinated effort.
Well what are we waiting for?
The Soy Agricultural Initiative
Soybeans are an extremely flexible crop, useful for human food, animal feed, fertiliser, and for a wide variety of industrial applications. Mantetsu's Research Wing has made great strides in making their growing, processing, and use more efficient, but planting percentages across Fengtian remain relatively stagnant. Korean farmers, who make up the majority of immigrants to Manchuria, are excellent rice planters, and like many Chinese prefer crops they have more experience with.\n\nIn an attempt to change this, Mantetsu began the Soy Agricultural Initiative, a plan intending to educate farmers and incentivise the production of soy as a cash crop, but it has so far been poorly received. Mantetsu hopes to gain the government's support in promoting the initiative, which would almost certainly increase soy yields and therefore long term profits.\n\nA few dissenting voices have pointed out that excessive soy production could reduce food security in the northeast, and in the right conditions might lead to a famine.
Back the Initiative.
We need no more soy.
Japan and Korea Struggle with Drought
Both Japan and Korea are experiencing severe drought conditions, which we have fortunately been spared, but their economies and people now suffer, and some live on the brink of starvation. The Japanese government has formally demanded that we take part in a programme wherein we provide rice and millet to Korea, which in turn will provide rice to Japan. However, this plan is somewhat confounded by the overwhelming success of Mantetsu's Soy Agricultural Initiative, which replaced vast tracts of rice plots with soy farming. As a result, we have nowhere near enough rice and millet to feed Korea, while our soy production remains key to our industry and international trade.\n\nThanks to Japan's political and economic influence, we have little choice but to comply.
Both Japan and Korea are experiencing severe drought conditions, which we have fortunately been spared, but their economies and people now suffer, and some live on the brink of starvation. The Japanese government has informally asked that we take part in a programme wherein we provide rice and millet to Korea, which in turn will provide rice to Japan. However, this plan is somewhat confounded by the overwhelming success of Mantetsu's Soy Agricultural Initiative, which replaced vast tracts of rice plots with soy farming. As a result, we have nowhere near enough rice and millet to feed Korea, while our soy production remains key to our industry and international trade.\n\nThis is a surprising turn for the typically aloof Japanese, but all the same, while we may refuse, it would almost certainly be met with severe repercussions.
We will provide food.
Japan is on its own.
The Industrial Soy Proposal
Our increased food exportation, in order to counter-act the drought currently facing the Home Islands and Korea, has resulted in low provisions across Fengtian and considerable public upset. Some government ministers have proposed cutting production of industrial soy, thus providing sufficient food but handicapping our civilian industry and some exports until the crisis is resolved.
Cut industrial soy production.
We cannot afford this.
The Drought Ends
After months of hardship, the drought in Korea and Japan has ended. We are no longer expected to render any aid to Japan or Korea.
Finally!
A Proposal from Mantetsu
A representative from Mantetsu's Research Wing has come forward with a proposal, the acceptance of which he assures us is in our best interest, but which he insists must be kept completely secret. Apparently, following the Drought of 1939, Mantetsu brought together farming experts, senior officials from agricultural organisations, and academic scholars with the aim of improving agricultural efficiency and production in the Northeast. After months of testing, one of several research teams created a solution based upon farming methods used in Hokkaido, which might allow the average Chinese family to farm ten entire hectares of land without needing to hire seasonal workers, thus improving production and freeing up labour for factories in Anshan, Fushun, and Shenyang. The Mantetsu official indicates that these methods should be spread through the dissemination of informational leaflets and Chinese instructors, themselves trained by Japanese experts, and he seemed to stress the idea that this project should be disassociated in every possible way from the South Manchurian Railway.\n\nAfter some investigation, the Army's intelligence section has determined that the Kwantung Army refused to support Mantetsu's efforts, suggesting that the two factions may be competing, or that this is simply a part of some elaborate Japanese ruse. The relatively liberal officials in Mantetsu's research wing and other bureaucratic offices have been known to clash with the conservative Kwantung Army.
Accept the proposal.
Refuse the proposal.
Hokkaido Farming Bears Fruit
After much time and effort, the Hokkaido farming methods proposed by Mantetsu seem to be bearing fruit in some areas, increasing production, and freeing up additional land in the north.
Excellent.
Discovery
Although no public announcement has been made, Mantetsu's research wing has communicated that the Kwantung Army discovered our collaborative farming effort, a claim backed up by findings from our intelligence services. General Ueda Kenkichi himself is said to have stormed into the office of the Mantetsu president, Matsuoka Yōsuke, and delivered a thunderous verbal barrage regarding the necessity of Fengtian's continued state of dependence. The Kwantung Army's ability to punish Mantetsu is ultimately limited, as the powerful company is practically autonomous, but there's little doubt that the Army will go out of its way to make things difficult for everyone involved. Unfortunately, this will certainly be the end of this specific collaboration project with Mantetsu.
Unfortunate.
Discovery
Although no public statement has been made, the recent signs of discontent within portions of the army leadership have become difficult to ignore. Apparently word of our farming collaboration project with Mantetsu has spread further than we anticipated, and according to some nationalistically inclined generals, 'China must reform itself' and not submit to 'forced restructuring disguised as collaborative reform'.\n\nAlthough this is far from a major crisis, any threat to the continued cooperation of our generals and other officials is no laughing matter. Some ministers suggest that we might defend our collaboration, painting it as an instance in which we are able to manipulate Mantetsu, instead of the other way around. Others suggest that this may simply dig our hole deeper.
Guilty as charged.
Our actions were legitimate!
Popular Opinion Shifts in Our Favour
Against what seemed to be all odds, Grand Marshal Zhang's defence of the Hokkaido farming project seems to have convinced all those concerned. The impact has been mitigated, and the programme can continue uninterrupted.
Wonderful news!
The Public is Incensed!
Despite our bureaucrat's best efforts, and even those of Grand Marshal Zhang, many prominent figures in the military remain unconvinced that the Hokkaido Farming Project is worth our while. As a result, the programme will almost certainly grind to a halt, and our divided government faces yet another point of contention.
Damn!
Enrich the Country, Strengthen the Army
After decades of decline and destitution, the necessity of progress and development has never been more glaring. However, while we cannot afford to stagnate, change comes with its own risks - namely mismanagement and public discontent.\n\nThe task falls to the government to answer calls to 'Enrich the Country and Strengthen the Army', but we must prioritise one or the other.
We must enrich the Country!
We must strengthen the Army!
Tell me more about the state of the Economy.
Tell me more about the state of the Army.
Enrich the Country
While Manchuria's resources are rich and diverse, and Fengtian stands as the third greatest industrial centre in East Asia, its economy remains plagued by a number of structural problems, the symptoms of which cripple the state and slow progress toward Southern Reclamation. Fengtian's biggest investor is the state itself, feeding tax revenues back into key sectors such as steel, coal, and soybean production. Yet, the Japanese and Mantetsu trail the government only marginally in this regard, and invest far more widely, giving them an unquestioned grip upon both Fengtian's economy and society.\n\nWhile the extent of this grip grows by the day, reform could serve to increase the government's revenues through the suppression of otherwise endemic corruption, the creation of a healthier environment for private investment, and the unfortunate but necessary cooperation with Mantetsu in key areas like infrastructure and technology. So long as the government can maintain political autonomy, and at least a majority of control over the economy, it can pursue initiatives to contest Japanese influence, retain legitimacy in the eyes of the Chinese people, and eventually achieve its core goals.\n\nIt should be noted that while Japan has a vested interest in seeing us succeed relative to [QIE.GetNameDef], they will only provide assistance with specific efforts aiming to move past our backward industry, even as they attempt to widen their already worrying influence over our economy.
Let us enrich the country!
Perhaps the Army is more important?
Strengthen the Army
The Fengtian Army, officially the Army of the Republic, is an impressive sight by most Chinese standards, though pales in comparison to most foreign forces, and has only recently recovered much of its strength after its decimation in the last Zhifeng War. The majority of Fengtian's weapons and vehicles are outdated, even including its standard issue rifle provided by the Japanese, and organisation below the division level is a patchy affair due to limited communications equipment. The Army's greatest deficiency is in morale, partially as a consequence of foreign-trained and even outright Japanese officers widespread throughout the ranks.\n\nMeanwhile, the Fengtian Flying Corps, officially The China Flying Corps, is the pride and joy of the Grand Marshal's oldest son, Zhang Xueliang, who used his passion for aviation to train its first pilots. The Flying Corps performed well during the war, and lost air superiority over the Zhili only upon the arrival of modern German-piloted planes. Since then, the Corps has grown slightly, though its planes remain over a decade behind the European standard.\n\nOverall, Fengtian's forces lag behind those of [QIE.GetNameDef], and remain heavily dependent upon Japanese equipment and aid. This aid, and whatever Fengtian can do to become self-sufficient, will be crucial to narrowing that gap and eventually reclaiming the south.
Let us strengthen the Army!
But what of the economy?
An Empty-Handed Return
Despite their best efforts, the scientists and engineers we dispatched to study Japanese manufacturing methods have returned empty-handed. Perhaps the sheer disparity in sophistication between their technology and our own was a hindrance, or maybe the Japanese went out of their way to be unhelpful. Whatever the case, the general population seems to have been impressed more by the apparent accomplishment of our 'top men' than their failure, as this has gone mysteriously unreported. As far as anyone knows, our scientists went overseas to receive very prestigious awards.
Top men.
Yamato Hotel Licences
Mantetsu's Yamato Hotel line has long been a staple of the South Manchuria Railway Zone; the concessions zone ceded first to Imperial Russia and then to Japan after 1906, and then expanded following the 21 demands of 1915 through a rather loose interpretation of its provisions to include all of southern Manchuria. All the same, while treaty rights permit Japanese to reside and engage in business and manufacture of any kind, construction still theoretically requires approval from the local governor and, if necessary, the Grand Marshal himself.\n\nMantetsu aims to build a series of new hotels, all of which will inevitably become hubs for further Japanese activity, and while construction could never be stopped without angering the Japanese government, limits might be imposed to forestall Japanese influence in certain areas. Unfortunately, as much as they may stand as physical edifices of Japan's strength, the hotels are frequented by the Japanese elite and many Mantetsu employees, making them crucial for the rapid development we desire.
Limit construction.
Let them build as they please.
The Northeast Industrial Development Commission
At Japan's request, and with no particular reason to refuse, we have established a legal and fiscal framework enabling the creation of the Northeast Industrial Development Commission. Serving to oversee and direct the development of Fengtian's industry, mostly through the allocation of funds and leases, the commission now faces the question of its composition.\n\nThe Concordia Association has proposed the inclusion of a series of extremely talented individuals with experience working for the Nissan and Mitsubishi Zaibatsu in Japan, who stress the need for an export-driven economy taking advantage of Fengtian's existing natural resources, while the Grand Marshal's generals insist upon the necessity of an 'Army First' approach to development, and are using their considerable influence to ensure the placement of military men on the commission. The Communications Clique recommends their own presence, and advocate a mixed developmental approach, referencing their long experience with business dealings across China, as well as more recently here in the Northeast.\n\nUnfortunately, a compromise involving all three parties is practically impossible, as a clear vision is necessary for the task, and intra-commission bickering would almost certainly render it functionally impotent. Additionally, although the commission's nature as an appointed body permits the presence of Japanese in its makeup, the public and much of the Assembly will likely react negatively to their presence. At the same time, the Japanese will not appreciate exclusion.
Prioritise exports.
The army must come first.
A mixed approach is best.
Mantetsu Chōsabu
The South Manchuria Railway Company's Research Wing, colloquially known as 'Mantetsu Chōsabu', has grown over the years from a mere corporate R&D department into the heart of Japan's colonial research programme, with divisions dedicated to everything from agricultural science to intelligence gathering. The organisation's sheer scale has lead to the opening of offices in Berlin, Vancouver, and New York to attract foreign talent, plus wide recruitment from Japan's foremost universities. The result is a surprisingly liberal and open-minded intellectual community, which sometimes places scientific inquiry before nationalistic concerns.\n\nThis appears to be one of those instances, as our government has been approached by a Chōsabu representative offering future assistance in one of several fields. It should be noted that the Kwantung Army garrison in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] were strongly opposed to this arrangement.
Radar.
Construction.
Production Efficiency.
Intelligence.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Radar Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent technological developments in radar, scientists from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Radar Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent technological developments in radar, scientists from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Construction Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent developments, officials from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, providing new tools and best practices so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Construction Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent developments, officials from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, providing new tools and best practices so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Production Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent technological developments, scientists from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, providing new machines and manufacturing practices so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Production Collaboration
In light of Japan's recent technological developments, scientists from Mantetsu's research wing have begun to collaborate with our own, providing new machines and manufacturing practices so that we may sooner achieve the same level of advancement.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Intelligence Collaboration
Drawing from its wide-ranging intelligence operations, Mantetsu's research wing has provided a series of manuals detailing special methods and best practices for our covert operatives. Although the books are clearly out of date, and certain sections have been redacted, there is still much to learn. Of particular interest is a work titled 'Rakka Ryūsui', or 'Falling Blossoms; Flowing Water' which details the work of Akashi Motojirō, Japan's premier spymaster during the Russo-Japanese War.
Excellent.
Mantetsu Chōsabu Intelligence Collaboration
Drawing from its wide-ranging intelligence operations, Mantetsu's research wing has provided our agents access to some of its clandestine resources spread across China. This will greatly improve our operatives' capabilities.
Excellent.
The Jinzhou Industrial Zone
Jinzhou's convenient location makes it excellent for a proposed industrial zone, and several groups have already begun jockeying for a dominant position in development; most notably a Mantetsu subsidiary specialising in canning and light metal work, the Communications Clique who want to establish a rolling stock factory, and the military which insists that the zone must be used for munitions manufacture ahead of 'personal capitalistic gains'. The situation is made somewhat unusual by the Communications Clique, who are usually able to front quite a bit of money, and rumours suggest that several members are under pressure from the military to weaken their own bidding position.
Choose Mantetsu.
Choose the Communications Clique.
Choose the Zhang Clique.
Filling the Silver Reserve
A full silver reserve is crucial to building confidence in Fengtian's currency, and even more crucial to attracting foreign investment, without which Fengtian can never hope to match the Zhili to the south who have been, for the past eight years, flush with German capital. However, silver is an expensive commodity, and paying for enough to fill the reserve fully would undoubtedly cut funding from other areas.\n\nSome ministers have privately suggested only buying about half of the desired quantity, as many believed the reserve was less than full before the last Zhifeng War, and those rumours were never confirmed. Of course, it was later difficult to explain the significant economic recession that followed the government's inability to settle its war debts.\n\nStill, filling the reserve inadequately would certainly be a big risk, but perhaps a worthwhile one.
Fill the reserve.
No risk no reward.
Economic Disaster!
After the Bank of Japan and Mitsui Bank, major lenders to our own government, unexpectedly called for outstanding debts to be paid, our Central Bank suddenly found itself unable to provide sufficient silver for the transaction. News of the situation quickly leaked to the public provoking a run on the banks, and widespread financial panic. Rumour suggests that the crisis is not a product of gross mismanagement and incompetence on behalf of the government, which would surprise few in Fengtian, but rather a deliberate move to deceive the public. Mantetsu's offices in Shenyang and Harbin have already begun a full scale investigation, and unless action is taken they seem likely to discover a very incriminating paper trail.\n\nWhile there are several options available, it would be unfortunate if certain government files inexplicably went missing...
Burn the evidence!
Burn it and blame the Japanese!
Ask Japan for a bailout!
We must come clean!
Banking Evidence Discovered!
After a thorough investigation involving untold bribes and threats, Mantetsu investigators have concluded that our government intentionally deceived its people, and is entirely to blame for the recent financial disaster. We are in no position to refuse their calls for the arrests of several involved ministers, but conveniently the Grand Marshal and his closest advisors have been spared direct blame, and Mantetsu's Director Matsuoka Yōsuke has suggested that in return for political favours, the entire matter could be shelved indefinitely.
Accept the offer.
Refuse the offer.
Japan Agrees to the Bailout
In a move that will surely save our economy, Japan has agreed to pay for sufficient silver to fill our reserve, and will not look further into the matter. Of course, this was likely inspired by little more than self interest, but some say that Japan may not be so bad after all...
We are saved!
Japan Refuses the Bailout
Despite our pleas, Japan has refused a bailout, leaving us in the same economic position we were before we made the request and with ample humiliation to boot. The only 'silver lining' is that many citizens, even including some employees of Mantetsu, have lost a great deal of faith in Japan's benevolent position toward China.
If only that was more than a metaphor.
Perhaps Minister Ruan can smooth things over.
The State of the Officer Corps
Fengtian's officer corps is an unusual mix of young Chinese educated at either the Rikugun Shikan Gakkō in Japan, the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall, or the Baoding Military Academy, older Chinese who served in the Civil Wars, and Japanese officers part of the Military Mission to Fengtian, all united by common loyalties to individuals more than any special dedication to the state. Japanese officers in particular are known to prize any station in the Northeast, the devalued currency allowing them to live lives of relative luxury, and hire servants for most menial tasks, earning them the enmity of not only their fellows but also the local population.\n\nNow, with the founding of the Shenyang National Academy, these officers have taken the opportunity to mock the academy's current accommodations, which are decades old and in disrepair. While a newer modern building rises nearby, the pitiful state of the academy at present leaves the government open to criticism.
Unfortunate.
Expel Japanese Officers
Japan has maintained a military mission in Fengtian ever since the founding of the Fengtian Government in 1926, who were preceded by over a decade of informal Japanese operations in support of Zhang Zuolin's Fengtian Clique. The Mission has served to aid many aspects of the military's development, primarily through the supply of arms and equipment, but also training and planning assistance.\n\nUnfortunately, however, the shortage of officers in the aftermath of the civil wars provided Japan with the opportunity to attach Japanese officers to command positions in the field, and even lead our units independently. This has had a negative effect upon the morale of our men, making Japan's influence all too obvious, even as the Military Mission attempts, and often succeeds, in influencing our affairs of government. In order for our soldiers and the Chinese people to have any respect for our Government, the Japanese Military Mission must leave.
Expel them all!
Let us be diplomatic.
Japan Declares War
In response to our expulsion of their officers, the Japanese Government has cut all ties and declared war! Many will look at this as a disaster, but perhaps it is an opportunity in disguise. The truth will be found on the battlefield.
In response to what they see as a violation of our commitment to cooperation, as well as the Thirteen Demands of 1915, Japan has subsequently declared war 'in protection of its treaty rights and interests in China'.
Zhonghua Mingguo Wansui!
Japan Delivers an Ultimatum
Despite our valiant attempts to remove the Japanese Military Mission, their influence in our government has proven to be too great, forcing its reinstatement. The only other option now would be a rejection of the ultimatum and a declaration of war, directed by the Grand Marshal himself.
Negotiations have failed and Japan has delivered a simple ultimatum. We must reinstate the mission or they will immediately declare war.
We have no choice but to submit.
Let there be war!
Wu Wang Zai Ju
Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin delivered a short but powerful speech alluding to the historical State of Qi which, when on the brink of defeat at the siege of Ju, turned the tide and eventually won the war. This is to be our example as we march forward against those who would keep China weak and divided.
Read the text of the speech.
Southern reclamation is inevitable!
Escalating the Propaganda War
Already the Propaganda Department is strenuously launching a devastating ideological barrage under which the regressive [QIE.GetAdjective] regime must surely crack and crumble! The Grand Marshal has personally released several short speeches denouncing \
Already the Propaganda Department is redoubling its efforts in launching a devastating ideological barrage under which the regressive [QIE.GetAdjective] regime must surely crack and crumble! The Grand Marshal has personally released several short speeches denouncing \
Southern reclamation is inevitable!
Obsolete Artillery from Japan
In response to our request, the Imperial Japanese Army has authorised a sizeable shipment of obsolete artillery that probably hasn't seen action since the Weltkrieg. This is disappointing, if not entirely unhelpful.
Good.
The Latest Artillery from Japan
In response to our request, the Imperial Japanese Army has authorised a sizeable shipment of their latest artillery from the Kokura Arsenal. Our officers are already eyeing the promised weapons with the special kind of excitement reserved exclusively for machined steel and high explosives.
Good.
Fengtian Requests Artillery
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for artillery.\n\nWe could send the best we have, which ought to make a significant difference in such a backwards country, but we could also provide a greater number of cheap obsolete weapons at lesser cost to ourselves. Or we could always send nothing at all.
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for artillery, which is especially prized among warlord arsenals.
Send the latest equipment.
Send obsolete equipment.
Send nothing.
We can't afford this.
Japan Delivers Obsolete Equipment
In response to our request, the Imperial Japanese Army has authorised a sizeable shipment of obsolete infantry equipment. Some of it looks to have last seen action during the Russo-Japanese War, or even earlier. This is disappointing.
So be it.
Japan Delivers the Latest Equipment
In response to our request, the Imperial Japanese Army has authorised a sizeable shipment of their latest infantry equipment.
Our thanks.
Fengtian Requests Small Arms
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for Infantry Equipment.\n\nWe could send the best we have, which ought to make a significant difference in such a backwards country, but we could also provide a greater number of cheap obsolete weapons at no real cost to ourselves. Or we could always send nothing at all.
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for Infantry Equipment.\n\nAll we can currently afford is a number of cheap obsolete weapons, albeit at no real cost to ourselves. Of course, we could always send nothing at all.
Send the latest equipment.
Send obsolete equipment.
Send nothing.
Japan Refuses to Send Equipment
Japan has denied our request for a shipment of equipment, citing their own 'greater needs'. Admittedly, this is far from surprising.
So much for Pan-Asian Brotherhood.
Obsolete Tanks from Japan
Although the Japanese predictably refused to send us their latest armoured equipment, only the most cynical anticipated the arrival of the rusting and dented Weltkrieg-era tanks now being unloaded at Yingkou. Although they are better than nothing at all, this is distinctly disappointing.
So be it.
Surplus Tanks from Japan
Although the Japanese predictably refused to send us their latest armoured equipment, they did agree to dispatch a number of surplus light tanks of an older but not entirely obsolete model.
Good.
Fengtian Requests Light Tanks
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for light tanks, which are better suited than heavier models to China's rough terrain and primitive infrastructure.\n\nThe latest armoured vehicles would be wasted or even outright dangerous in Chinese hands, but we do have surplus stockpiles of only slightly outdated tanks that might be appreciated. Alternately we could send even older equipment at no real cost to ourselves, though of course we could also choose to send nothing at all.
The Fengtian Government has long possessed an advantage against its Chinese rivals thanks to our frequent material aid. In this particular case, we are being asked for light tanks.\n\nAlthough we currently have no modern tanks available, we could dispatch a shipment of very old Weltkrieg-era tanks at no real cost to ourselves. Or we could always send nothing at all.
Send the surplus light tanks.
Send the obsolete tanks.
Send nothing.
The Grand Marshal's Proclamation
Today the Grand Marshal delivered a rousing speech calling all of the Northeast to strive to their utmost in pursuit of victory in the upcoming National Reclamation War. Ten thousand years to the Republic!
Read the text of the speech.
Wansui!
The [FNG_zhifeng_war_name]!
The appointed hour has finally arrived. In the coming days, the fruits of over a decade of extensive planning and preparation will finally be brought to bear against the enemy, and the first steps will be taken on the path to national reunification. All that remains is to stride forward and seize the moment. Ten thousand years to Grand Marshal Zhang! Ten thousand years to the Republic!
The appointed hour has finally arrived. In the coming days, the fruits of over a decade of extensive planning and preparation will finally be brought to bear against the enemy, and the first steps will be taken on the path to national reunification. All that remains is to stride forward and seize the moment. Ten thousand years to Grand Marshal Zhang! Ten thousand years to the Republic!\n\nEmerging from small villages and towns along the northern banks of the Chaobai River, our soldiers have lead a successful uprising, isolating and eliminating local garrisons, and holding key river-crossings. We must push South as quickly as possible, before they are overwhelmed by the enemy's response and greater numbers.
History will remember this day!
Shanhaiguan Infiltration
The time has come for our soldiers to put into action our carefully laid plans and begin to infiltrate through Shanhaiguan and into the province beyond. Their mission will not be easy, as any number of things could go wrong, but if they are successful we will have an uprising behind enemy lines to keep them busy and cut their supply.
Best of luck to our brave soldiers!
Forget it.
Preparations Complete at Shanhaiguan
Word has reached our intelligence operatives that most of our infiltrated soldiers are now in position south of Shanhaiguan. Now they must lie low and await the beginning of the War of National Reclamation.
Good news.
Failure at Shanhaiguan
Word has reached our intelligence operatives that, in the process of infiltration through Shanhaiguan, our soldiers were discovered and picked off by enemy operatives and groups of military police. If anyone is left, they will undoubtedly be too scattered and disorganised to be of any use once we begin the war, and so unfortunately this plan must be considered failed.
A brave sacrifice.
Infiltrators Disappear
Although our intelligence services received reports of progress through the beginning stages of the Shanhaiguan Infiltration, contact has been abruptly cut off, and our forces have disappeared South of the Great Wall. It's possible that some were discovered and are merely avoiding detection, or that the entire force was destroyed. The fate of these brave soldiers could never be known.
There is still hope.
An Unexpected Advantage
Despite the cessation of all contact with the Shanhaiguan infiltration force, reports have made their way north of gunfire and chaos on the northern banks of the Chaobai River. It seems that these heroes have avoided all detection, only to strike now at the opportune moment. Truly, this is an unexpected advantage, and we must push south before they are overwhelmed by the enemy response and greater numbers!
Glorious!
Shanhaiguan Uprising Fails
Before it could ever truly begin, our uprising south of Shanhaiguan was detected and quickly overwhelmed by the local enemy garrison in a short but violent confrontation. While we may encounter some survivors as we push south, we will have no organised assistance from the other side of the Great Wall.
Damn.
The Gang of Three
As a loose coalition of fallen generals, governors, bureaucrats, and politicians exiled from the South by the collapse of the Beiyang Government, the Recovery League is widely acknowledged to be susceptible to corruption. However, recent discoveries by police have turned up something unusually troubling. It seems that a group of Recovery League politicians, who were made mayors of townships in Jilin, owing to their experience with governing in the South, had in fact never been mayors anywhere or at all. Instead, they had killed and replaced their namesakes and, through a complicated plot of deceit, fooled the authorities while eliminating any who might contradict them.\n\nThe web of lies, corruption, and murder necessary to sustain this falsehood stretches across the whole of the province, and the damage dealt to the government's legitimacy is not inconsiderable.
Disgusting.
Mantetsu Bribes
A pair of Concordia Association members were recently caught attempting to bribe Recovery League politicians, and while this activity has long been suspected, this is the first time it has been caught in the open. Although members of the other parties have motioned to remove the offending members, the Japanese Consulate has already delivered a message 'strongly advising' that no action be taken against the members of the Concordia Association.\n\nThe Grand Marshal could choose to do so regardless, but not without risking Japanese wrath.
Remove them anyway.
We can do nothing.
The Anshan Incident
As Anshan's ore lies close to the surface, its mines have mainly expanded outward rather than downward, swallowing up nearby land at an alarming pace. Our decision to approve the company's further expansion has thus led to the complete destruction of several nearby farmsteads, and half a village, at the hands of Japanese mining equipment.\n\nPromised compensation has not been forthcoming, and protests quickly broke out among local farmers, which our local police refused to break up on 'patriotic grounds'. The ensuing riot severely damaged expensive mining equipment, leading to the deployment of the Japanese railway guard, and the use of lethal force to disperse the riot. This slaughter of our citizens has not gone unnoticed, and existing anti-Japanese sentiment has only been inflamed. The people will hold us accountable in our response, but the deposits and the company working them are essential to Japan's strategic goals, and our relationship with the Japanese permits little room to manoeuvre.
Denounce the Japanese.
Stay silent.
Japan Denounces Us
Describing our denouncement of their conduct during the recent Anshan Incident as 'insolent' and 'unbefitting of Japanese generosity', the Japanese government issued a scathing rebuke both publicly and through a letter delivered directly by the Japanese Consul General in Shenyang. The Kwantung Garrison performed a series of motorised and armoured manoeuvres in full view of the capital, their message clear. Any escalation of this situation would undoubtedly result in further rebukes to which we can make no meaningful response.
So be it.
We will not be intimidated!
An Opportunity Arises
In the years since the Fengtian's Army retreat beyond the Great Wall, a watchful eye has been kept on the south. The natural chokepoint created by the Shanhai Pass has always made it hard for Zhili armies to get in, but equally difficult for our own to get out. Any effort to reclaim China has always depended upon a moment of southern weakness. Such a moment now seems set to arrive, as simmering anti-German sentiment has erupted into violence in the League of Eight Provinces, and the governor of Anhui has broken away from Nanjing - hoping to leverage the League and the Central Government against one another for his own gain.\n\nUnfortunately, we are not yet ready to begin our long-awaited campaign, as there are outstanding issues in the Northeast to be settled and it is still not clear exactly what will become of the situation in the League. We must watch and wait for the right opportunity.
Let us choose wisely.
The Zhang Zuolin Radio Incident
In what has come to be known as 'The Zhang Zuolin Radio Incident', a [QIE.GetAdjective] subversive was able to record a frank conversation between the Grand Marshal and his generals, and transmitted it over widely used frequencies in Shenyang for nearly forty minutes before being jammed by a nearby Mantetsu owned station. The conversation, in which the Grand Marshal described 
Like laws, it is better not to see Hongchang being made.
Seditious Articles Proliferate
An article in the Nihon Kogyō Shimbun, or 'Japan Industrial Newspaper', has been translated into Chinese and spread widely in local newspapers before censorship officials managed to track and shut down the publisher. The article described in substantial detail the extensive degree to which Mantetsu and other Japanese companies have established control over most sectors of our economy, and set a forecast predicting near-complete control within five years time. For obvious reasons, the article has been deeply upsetting to the general population, and there is little we can do to prevent the existing copies circulating.
Disgraceful!
Honghuzi Attacks in Heilongjiang
Honghuzi, translated literally as 'Red Beards', are groups of bandits and robbers that have long plagued the Northeast. In recent years the Honghuzi have usually been content with low-key extortion, banditry, and ransom, but now several market towns in southern Heilongjiang have been set alight. This is unusually bold behaviour, perhaps encouraged by the nation's recent focus on events to the south.\n\nSome have suggested that an expedition should be mounted to crush the bandits and send a clear message, but various generals feel that such a mission is beneath the central government.\n\nWe could also ask the Japanese for help, though this idea is unpopular.
Send an expedition.
Ask for Japanese help.
An expedition is a fool's errand.
Honghuzi Attacks in Xing'an
Despite efforts to contain them, the Honghuzi have struck again, this time in Xing'an, raiding farmsteads and traders along its major roads. The local governor has dispatched his garrison to guard against future incursions, but the rough terrain and the bandit's elusive nature suggests that they may simply strike again elsewhere.\n\nThere are rumours that the group, now several thousand strong, is led by Zhang Haitian, known among the locals as 'Lao Beifeng' or 'Old North Wind'.
Hunt him down!
Ask the Japanese for help.
Ask the Japanese for help again!
Perhaps Lao Baifeng has had enough.
Honghuzi Attacks in Liaobei
Encouraged by our failures to stop them, the Honghuzi have grown particularly bold. Now they have begun leading attacks into Liaobei province, and even venturing to the borders of Jilin, where they derailed a local train and robbed its occupants, including a number of Japanese citizens. The local authorities have apologised profusely for this embarrassment, and additional guards have been posted on nearby trains, but the Japanese Consulate has already demanded compensation from our government for the property lost.\n\nAllowing this to continue for any longer would be a national embarrassment.
Encouraged by our failures to stop them, the Honghuzi have grown particularly bold. Now they have begun leading attacks into Liaobei province, and even venturing to the borders of Jilin, where they derailed a local train and robbed its occupants, including a number of Japanese citizens. The local authorities have apologised profusely for this embarrassment, and additional guards have been posted on nearby trains, but the Japanese Consulate has already demanded compensation from our government for the property lost.\n\nAllowing this to continue for any longer, or requesting Japanese aid yet again, would be nothing less than a national embarrassment.
Third time's the charm!
Ask the Japanese for help.
Ask the Japanese for help again!
Heinous Assassination in Shenyang!
On his way to government offices, a member of the Communications Clique was gunned down in public by what appears to be a [QIE.GetAdjective] loyalist, recruited from among the Northeast's Manchu population! [QIE.GetNameDefCap] has been known to recruit spies and assassins before, but some rumours suggest that this assassin was instead hired by members of the Concordia Association, locked in conflict with the Communications Clique's Railway and Telegraph barons for control of the country's infrastructure.
A terrible loss.
Record Mantetsu Profits
The South Manchuria Railway Company, colloquially 'Mantetsu', has long dominated large sectors of Fengtian's economy, and in turn acts as Japan's primary means of influence over our government. While this influence is unwelcome, it brings crucial capital and technology without which the Grand Marshal could never hope to retake China.\n\nThe Company has today announced record profits, much of which goes to Japan's government in the form of tax revenue.
Is this a necessary evil?
Counterfeit Dollars Spread
In order to save money, the version of the Fengtian Dollar being circulated currently is the same as it was when it was first issued, as quality printing equipment is highly expensive. This seems to have left the currency open to forgery, however, and already there are believed to be thousands of fake Fengtian dollars circulating.
They will be caught eventually.
Zhang's Proclamation
Grand Marshal Zhang of the Fengtian Government has proclaimed that, within a year, his nation will begin its War of National Reclamation to retake the South and reunite the country under his leadership. Of course, our aid has played a great role in getting Fengtian to where it is today, and already some ministers have suggested that we might make a private commitment to joining their war.\n\nThis would be in our interest, as Fengtian is the best means of pushing German influence out of China, but at the same time it might be best to limit their ambitions and our resources are not limitless. The Grand Marshal will, of course, push on regardless. His legitimacy depends on it.
Support Fengtian.
Refuse to support Fengtian.
War Descends from the North
Today Grand Marshal Zhang, of the Fengtian Government, has declared that within one year he will begin his 'War of National Reclamation' and strike south against us. Whether or not he has Japan's support, there will be a great struggle ahead, for in the end there can only be one China.
They shall not pass.
Japan Confirms its Support
Japan's government has privately sent its assurances that it will assist as we strike south!
Excellent.
The Tiananmen Parade
With the capital secure and under our control, we have achieved the first and perhaps greatest goal on the long road to national reclamation. Soon, the world will no longer be able to ignore our right to be recognised as the sole legitimate government! Unfortunately, our Japanese allies also took part in the fighting around Beijing, and have already begun organising a victory parade through Tiananmen Square. The local IJA commander has extended an invitation, but with a tardiness that seems all too deliberate, and our troops will have to rush to prepare.\n\nSome of our generals are already suggesting that we prevent the Japanese from holding their parade or organise our own later, as Beijing is ultimately our capital and this is our day of glory. Other more diplomatic members of the Cabinet and Assembly are proposing that we accept the invitation, most prominently members of the Concordia Association.
With the capital secure and under our control, we have achieved the first and perhaps greatest goal on the long road to national reclamation. Soon, the world will no longer be able to ignore our right to be recognised as the sole legitimate government! Unfortunately, our Japanese allies also took part in the fighting around Beijing, and have already begun organising a victory parade through Tiananmen Square. The local IJA commander has extended an invitation, but with a tardiness that seems all too deliberate, and our troops will have to rush to prepare. The Concordia Association, which has a great deal of influence in our government, makes taking a hard-line stance difficult, though we could probably convince our local commanders to snub the occasion. If this were to occur, the Japanese would almost certainly be enraged.
This is our day!
We will march side by side!
We will not participate!
Chinese Insolence at Tiananmen!
With China's capital secure we have helped the Fengtian Government achieve the first and perhaps greatest goal on its long road to national reclamation. The local IJA commander who lead the assault on the capital has already begun organising a victory parade, and kindly invited nearby Fengtian divisions to participate. However, in an act of unparalleled impertinence, the Fengtian Government has not only refused our offer but actively impeded our own parade claiming that this is 'their day of glory' and not our own!\n\nWe could issue an immediate statement, cutting aid from Fengtian, but they do remain our allies, and the war continues unabated.
Punish this insolence immediately!
Punishment will have to wait.
So be it.
Chinese Insolence at Tiananmen!
With China's capital secure we have helped the Fengtian Government achieve the first and perhaps greatest goal on its long road to national reclamation. The local IJA commander who lead the assault on the capital has already begun organising a victory parade, and kindly invited nearby Fengtian divisions to participate. However, in an act of unparalleled impertinence, the Fengtian Government has refused our offer, and will hold its own separate parade! Surely, our own resplendent troops will make fools of them, but their actions may deserve a more serious response.
Punish this impertinence immediately!
Punishment will have to wait.
So be it.
Japan's Delayed Anger
In response to our embarrassment of their forces during the occupation of Beijing, the Japanese Government has temporarily cut its various forms of aid to our country. It seems Japanese pride is easily tarnished, and grudges are not soon forgotten.
Unfortunate.
We can hold grudges too, expel their military mission!
The Collapse of the Fengtian Government
Fengtian's Betrayal
Throughout the day, urgent telegrams and frantic calls from Mantetsu businessmen have flown into our general military command headquarters. [FNG.GetLeader]'s regime in the Chinese northwest of Manchuria has seemingly fallen into the enemy hands of the [716.owner.GetName]. As a result, Manchuria - home to Japan's greatest profits and resources has been lost in one fell swoop. Following one disastrous campaign after another, the once mighty Fengtian Clique's army has collapsed utterly - with its soldiers and officers deserting en masse to the bold rival government of [716.owner.GetName]. His whereabouts unknown, it is rumoured that [FNG.GetLeader] has either taken his own life or has fled into hiding.\n\nWith the great city of Shenyang lost and Port Arthur now threatened by the [716.owner.GetName]; our military high command and Mantetsu business owners are now calling for a direct military intervention to protect Japanese interests and citizens from chaos and disorder. Nonetheless, some within our government are calling us to stand down and say that war in China is not what we have priority for now.
Throughout the day, urgent telegrams and frantic calls from Mantetsu businessmen have flown into our general military command headquarters. [FNG.GetLeader]'s regime in the Chinese northwest of Manchuria has made a startling and outrageous decision by changing the flags of the Fengtian's clique to that of [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef]. By doing so, the Fengtian clique acknowledges the national government of [FROM.overlord.GetNameDef] and has, thus, renounced their claims to the Republic of China. As a result of their declaration, [FNG.GetLeader] has announced that Fengtian's ties with Japan are now to be cut and that they will no longer support Japan's interests in China.\n\nFor years [FNG.GetNameDef] has only survived due to our military and economic aid to their backwards province. Under Japan, Manchuria has become a jewel of the East - a province for all of Asia to look up to. We cannot risk the humiliation and shame this betrayal will give us. Our military high command and Mantetsu business owners are now calling for a direct military intervention to protect Japanese honour and to put the rebellious Fengtian Clique into its place. Nonetheless, some within our government are calling us to stand down and say that war in China is not what we have priority for now.
We can't risk this now.
Onwards to Manchuria!
The Founding of the Jilin Film Association
Bringing together staff from its Photographic Division, directors from Japan, and local acting talent, Mantetsu has begun the process of establishing a film studio in Jilin which it claims will 'Demonstrate what China can achieve with modernity, through the camera lens, in a unique Chinese style'. Privately, Mantetsu's President has indicated that the studio will also be used to subtly spread anti-[QIE.GetAdjective] messages, but this has left some close advisors to the Grand Marshal wondering what else might be subtly inserted.\n\nThe government could always instruct Jilin's governor to deny Mantetsu permission to build, but the Film Association would likely just move south to [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], where we will have no influence over it at all.
Modernity is our goal!
Not on our soil.
The Five Colours
The Jilin Film Association has today released its first feature, a sweeping ethnographic detailing the diverse populations of the Northeast, from the snow-capped pines of Heilongjiang to the fertile banks of the lower Liao River, espousing the values of the national 'Five Races under One Union' policy.\n\nThanks to government assistance, the Association was able to easily access a number of remote locations in order to film and better spread its message of unity and harmony, though some criticism has been levelled at its coverage of Koreans and Japanese, many of whom also cohabit the Northeast, but are not officially a part of the 'Five Races' designated in the national flag. Overall, and despite its relatively small screening due to limited theatre numbers, the film has been considered a great success.
The [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Film Association has today released its first feature, a sweeping ethnographic detailing the diverse populations of the Northeast, from the snow-capped pines of Heilongjiang to the fertile banks of the lower Liao River, espousing the values of the national 'Five Races under One Union' policy.\n\nThough its messages of racial unity and harmony are fine in themselves, the film has been criticised for spending almost half of its running time focusing on Japanese and Koreans, many of whom cohabit the Northeast, but are not officially a part of the 'Five Races' designated in the national flag. Still, despite this and its relatively small screening due to limited theatre numbers, the film has been considered a success.
Small successes pave the road to victory!
Small successes pave the road to victory!
The Song of the White Orchid
Lice are Frightening
In the time since its initial release, the Mantetsu Film Association has put out several more films, each garnering some measure of attention and generally following the understandings agreed at its founding. The latest film, 'Song of the White Orchid', has attracted notable attention however.\n\nThe piece involves a romantic entanglement between a Japanese man (Kazuo Hasegawa) and a Chinese woman (Li Xianglan) where Li leaves her lover through a misunderstanding, and joins a Manchu bandit group plotting to sabotage the South Manchuria Railway. She later learns of the deliberate arrangement of this misunderstanding by [QIE.GetAdjective] spies, renews her faith in Hasegawa, and undermines the Manchu plot. Both protagonists seem clear allegories for their respective countries, and concerns have been raised, but the anti-[QIE.GetAdjective] propaganda value is significant, and the theme tune is just so catchy...
In the time since its initial release, the [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Film Association has put out several more films, each garnering some measure of attention and generally following the understandings agreed at its founding. The latest film, 'Lice are Frightening', has attracted notable attention however.\n\nThe piece presents a scientific and hygienic lesson to viewers through a combination of microscopy and 'outrageous' stop-motion animated lice which, some have alleged, appear to 'leap from the screen'. Aside from some first-time viewers being scared out of the theatre, the overall message is demeaning, playing to Japanese assumptions that Chinese are, by habit, dirty and lice-infested; the reception being quite negative as a result, and leading some to wonder whether this might have been avoided if the government took a more active role in production.
Good.
I'm not scared of lice!
Honghuzi Crushed!
After an extensive hunt, the Honghuzi were tracked to the foot of a mountain referred to by the locals as 'Hushan', or 'Tiger Mountain'. The bandits fought to the death, resisting an assault by several thousand regulars for nearly three hours; steep inclines, narrow paths, and hidden caverns aiding their defence.\n\nA number of prisoners from the surrounding villages were liberated, alongside a significant sum in valuables. The camp was then set alight, creating a spectacle visible for miles around.
Thus to all bandits!
Prince Kan'in Kotohito Set to Visit the Northeast
The Japanese consulate in Shenyang has handed the Government documents detailing the planned arrival of Prince Kan'in Kotohito, Great-Uncle to the reigning Emperor, who will tour the Northeast later this year. He has been to Manchuria before, and this will almost certainly be an inspection as much as a show for public relations. He is known to take special interest in our plans to reclaim the rest of China.\n\nThe exact date for his arrival has been withheld for security reasons, and Japanese concerns are not unfounded. It is well known that there are extremist elements in Shenyang and throughout the region that might wish the Prince harm.\n\nEvery effort should be made to ensure that he is both safe and satisfied during his visit.
Preparations must be made.
Prince Kan'in Arrives
The Japanese consulate in Shenyang has handed the Government notice of the arrival of Prince Kan'in, who recently disembarked the battleship Nagato in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Harbour. In accordance with his rank, the occasion is being given all the pomp and circumstance of a state visit, and the Prince will travel north to Shenyang for a formal reception by the Grand Marshal, followed by a tour of the country.\n\nVarious ministers and generals have made assurances of the Prince's safety, as it would be a political disaster for any harm to come to a member of the Imperial Family.
The Japanese consulate in Shenyang has handed the Government notice of the arrival of Prince Kan'in, who recently disembarked the battleship Nagato in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Harbour. In accordance with his rank, the occasion is being given all the pomp and circumstance of a state visit, and the Prince will travel north to Shenyang for a formal reception by the Grand Marshal, followed by a tour of the country.\n\nVarious ministers and generals have made assurances as to the Prince's safety, as it would be a political disaster for any harm to come to a member of the Imperial Family, but the absence of certain security measures has left them privately concerned.
The Japanese consulate in Shenyang has handed the Government notice of the arrival of Prince Kan'in, who recently disembarked the battleship Nagato in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Harbour. In accordance with his rank, the occasion is being given all the pomp and circumstance of a state visit, and the Prince will travel north to Shenyang for a formal reception by the Grand Marshal, followed by a tour of the country. Already, he seems to have been impressed by the students who turned out from several prominent Mantetsu schools, waving the Hinomaru and singing the Japanese anthem in welcome.\n\nVarious ministers and generals have made assurances as to the Prince's safety, as it would be a political disaster for any harm to come to a member of the Imperial Family.
The Japanese consulate in Shenyang has handed the Government notice of the arrival of Prince Kan'in, who recently disembarked the battleship Nagato in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] Harbour. In accordance with his rank, the occasion is being given all the pomp and circumstance of a state visit, and the Prince will travel north to Shenyang for a formal reception by the Grand Marshal, followed by a tour of the country.\n\nVarious ministers and generals have made assurances as to the Prince's safety, as it would be a political disaster for any harm to come to a member of the Imperial Family, but the absence of certain security measures has left them privately concerned.
Welcome Prince Kan'in!
In the Eye of the Tiger
After arriving at the Grand Marshal's residence in Shenyang, the Prince was ceremoniously received in the Tiger Room by prominent members of the Assembly and [Root.GetLeader] himself, before touring the former Palace of the Qing Dynasty, which has since been converted for use by the Government. He also visited the Shenyang Arsenal in the city's Northwest Suburbs. The evening was finished by an elegant state dinner in the Chinese style, during which a toast was made to the special relationship between China and Japan.\n\nKotohito plans to leave Shenyang in a few days for an inspection of defences to the south, but rumours swirl that an attempt could be made on his life.
After arriving at the Grand Marshal's residence in Shenyang, the Prince was ceremoniously received in the Tiger Room by prominent members of the Assembly and [Root.GetLeader] himself, before touring the former Palace of the Qing Dynasty, which has since been converted for use by the Government. He also took some time to visit the Shenyang Arsenal in the city's Northwest Suburbs. The evening was finished by an elegant state dinner in the Chinese style, during which a toast was made to the special relationship between China and Japan.\n\nUnfortunately, Kotohito made note of the poor state of our soldiers' equipment, and commented on it to considerable embarrassment. The Prince plans to leave Shenyang in a few days for an inspection of defences to the south, but rumours swirl that an attempt could be made on his life.
After arriving at the Grand Marshal's residence in Shenyang, the Prince was ceremoniously received in the Tiger Room by prominent members of the Assembly and [Root.GetLeader] himself, before touring the former Palace of the Qing Dynasty, which has since been converted for use by the Government. He also visited the Shenyang Arsenal in the city's Northwest Suburbs, and seemed particularly impressed by its recent expansions. The evening was finished by an elegant state dinner in the Chinese style, during which a toast was made to the special relationship between China and Japan.\n\nKotohito plans to leave Shenyang in a few days for an inspection of defences to the south, but rumours swirl that an attempt could be made on his life.
After arriving at the Grand Marshal's residence in Shenyang, the Prince was ceremoniously received in the Tiger Room by prominent members of the Assembly and [Root.GetLeader] himself, before touring the former Palace of the Qing Dynasty, which has since been converted for use by the Government. He also visited the Shenyang Arsenal in the city's Northwest Suburbs, and seemed particularly impressed by its recent expansions. The evening was finished by an elegant state dinner in the Chinese style, during which a toast was made to the special relationship between China and Japan.\n\nDue to the outbreak of war, the Prince has decided to cut his visit short, and will depart for [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] tomorrow morning.
A great honour.
The visit must be cancelled for his safety.
Goodbye to Prince Kan'in!
An Inspection of the Southern Front
As part of a general inspection of the narrow demilitarised zone separating [QIE.GetAdjective] and Fengtian territory, Prince Kan'in was greeted by a precision military drill at the Wanjiazhen Forts, built-in 1929 to support the operation of several armoured trains along the Jingfeng Line. Unfortunately, in the years since, time and poor maintenance have taken their toll. Kotohito was clearly not impressed with what he saw, using his extensive soldierly experience to critique the poor state of our defences.\n\nIn lieu of further inspections, the Prince will be staying at the recently completed Yamato Hotel in Jinzhou, before moving north again to Harbin.
As part of a general inspection of the narrow demilitarised zone separating [QIE.GetAdjective] and Fengtian territory, Prince Kan'in was greeted by a precision military drill at the Wanjiazhen Forts, built-in 1929 to support the operation of several armoured trains along the Jingfeng Line. Unfortunately, in the years since, time and poor maintenance have taken their toll. Kotohito was clearly not impressed with what he saw, using his extensive soldierly experience to critique the poor state of our defences.\n\nTo add insult to injury, he was dismayed to find that the Yamato Hotel in Jinzhou has met considerable construction delays and will not be able to receive him. Instead, the Imperial Prince has been reduced to staying several nights at an old Chinese-run hotel not far from the city centre.\n\nOnce his inspections are complete, he will call next at Harbin in the North.
As part of a general inspection of the narrow demilitarised zone separating [QIE.GetAdjective] and Fengtian territory, Prince Kan'in was greeted by a precision military drill at the Wanjiazhen Forts, built-in 1929 to support the operation of several armoured trains along the Jingfeng Line. Impressed by the recent additions to the Forts, and other fortifications to the north running parallel to the Great Wall, Kotohito was also surprised by the professionalism of our soldiers. Given our esteemed visitor's considerable rank in the Japanese military, it seems likely that Japan will see us as a more reliable ally in the future.\n\nIn lieu of further inspections, the Prince will be staying at the recently completed Yamato Hotel in Jinzhou, before moving north again to Harbin.
As part of a general inspection of the narrow demilitarised zone separating [QIE.GetAdjective] and Fengtian territory, Prince Kan'in was greeted by a precision military drill at the Wanjiazhen Forts, built-in 1929 to support the operation of several armoured trains along the Jingfeng Line. Impressed by the recent additions to the Forts, and other fortifications to the north running parallel to the Great Wall, Kotohito was also surprised by the professionalism of our soldiers.\n\nHis good mood was soured, however, upon finding that the Yamato Hotel in Jinzhou has met considerable construction delays and will not be able to receive him. Instead, the Imperial Prince has been reduced to staying several nights at an old Chinese-run hotel not far from the city centre.\n\nOnce his inspections are complete, he will call next at Harbin in the North.
Fengtian's defences are strong!
It is safest to end the visit here.
An Industrial Excursion
Before leaving for Harbin, Prince Kan'in surprised his entourage by breaking from the established schedule to examine Jinzhou's burgeoning industry, a direct product of the new Special Industrial Zone there. Intrigued by the growth he had already seen on the train journey through Anshan, Kotohito was even more impressed by the rapid rate of industrialisation present here, commenting that much of the surrounding area had been little more than a bare field during his last visit.\n\nHopefully this experience will leave a lasting positive impression.
The future is now!
The Wonders of Harbin
Prince Kan'in arrived at the city of Harbin, the Northeast's cultural capital and a centre of innovation, a mere four an a half hours after his departure thanks to the astounding speed of Mantetsu's 'Asia Express'; among the fastest locomotives in the world. Although he was aware of the train's existence, few things prepare even royalty for the speed and luxury of this world wonder.\n\nThe Prince quickly transitioned to a tour of the city, including the Russian quarter, and received reports from both Chinese and Japanese garrisons along the Northern frontier. His departure from the city in a few days will mark a functional end to the visit, though he remains the nation's guest until his train passes back into the Kwantung Leased Territory.
Prince Kan'in arrived at the city of Harbin, the Northeast's cultural capital and a centre of innovation, a mere four an a half hours after his departure thanks to the astounding speed of Mantetsu's 'Asia Express'; among the fastest locomotives in the world. Although he was aware of the train's existence, few things prepare even royalty for the speed and luxury of this world wonder.\n\nThe Prince quickly transitioned to a tour of the city, including the Russian quarter, and received reports from both Chinese and Japanese garrisons along the Northern frontier. Shortly afterward, he declared his admiration for what we have achieved in the past several years, as well as his intention to use recently installed communications lines to transmit a speech by Japanese radio in shocking real-time.\n\nThe Prince has assured us that the content will be only praise, and while most in the government expect the usual Japanese self-congratulation, this is an excellent opportunity to improve our national standing.\n\nFor better or worse, the Prince's departure from the city in a few days will mark a functional end to the visit, though he remains the nation's guest until his train passes back into the Kwantung Leased Territory.
Prince Kan'in arrived at the city of Harbin, the Northeast's cultural capital and a centre of innovation, a mere four an a half hours after his departure thanks to the astounding speed of Mantetsu's 'Asia Express'; among the fastest locomotives in the world. Although he was aware of the train's existence, few things prepare even royalty for the speed and luxury of this world wonder.\n\nThe Prince quickly transitioned to a tour of the city, including the Russian quarter, and received reports from both Chinese and Japanese garrisons along the Northern frontier. Shortly afterward, he declared his admiration for what we have achieved in the past several years, as well as his intention to deliver a speech tomorrow morning outside the city's iconic Sophia Cathedral. While most in the government expect the usual Japanese self-congratulation, this is an excellent opportunity to improve our national standing.\n\nFor better or worse, the Prince's departure from the city in a few days will mark a functional end to the visit, though he remains the nation's guest until his train passes back into the Kwantung Leased Territory.
Harbin is the multicultural jewel of the Northeast!
Prince Kan'in Returns to Japan
His duties here complete, Prince Kan'in Kotohito has safely departed [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] for the Home Islands. Any strong impressions made could have a lasting impact upon our relations with Japan.
Hopefully they are positive.
A Generous Surprise!
Prince Kan'in Kotohito, apparently greatly impressed with his visit to the Northeast, seems to have pulled various strings back in Tokyo. Now a cutting-edge light tank division awaits in [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]!
It will be part of an offensive to remember.
Prince Kan'in Poisoned
After complaining of headaches and dizziness following the state dinner, Prince Kan'in collapsed just outside his room in the Grand Marshal's estate. Thanks to the medical attention provided by a nearby Mantetsu-owned hospital, he seems set to make a full recovery. However, blood tests leave little doubt that this was an attempt on his life.\n\nThe lapse in security responsible, and the event in itself, represent a deep national embarrassment and a grave insult to Japan's Imperial family. Severe repercussions are distinctly possible.
How could this happen?
Prince Kan'in is Shot!
During his inspection of an outpost north of the Shanhai Pass, a renegade soldier suddenly opened fire on Prince Kan'in, killing several of his guards before being overwhelmed. Fortunately, the Prince suffered relatively minor injuries, but the lapse in security responsible, and the event in itself, represent a deep national embarrassment and a grave insult to Japan's Imperial family.\n\nInvestigative work so far seems to suggest that the soldier was part of an extremist faction within the Zhang Clique, and Japan's response could be severe.
How could this happen?
The Prince's Train is Bombed!
Only minutes after leaving Huanggutun station in Shenyang, the Prince's train was rocked by a massive explosion, obliterating its rear carriages. Fortunately, a last-minute change resulted in his carriage being moved to the front of the train, allowing him to escape with only minor injuries. The lapse in security responsible, and the event in itself, represent a deep national embarrassment and a grave insult to Japan's Imperial family.\n\nInvestigative work so far seems to suggest that lower-ranking members of the Communications Clique might be responsible, and Japan's response could be severe.
How could this happen?
The Prince's Visit is Cut Short
Due to the outbreak of war, the Prince has decided to end his visit early, and will depart for [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] tomorrow morning.
Due to the outbreak of war, Prince Kan'in Kotohito has decided to cancel his visit to the Northeast. An unfortunate turn of events, but naturally the war must take the highest priority.
Oh well.
Ma Zhanshan and the Heilongjiang Clique offer to Defect!
Warlord cliques are hardly the most concrete or coherent bodies at the best of times, with such a statement being evident even within [ROOT.GetLeader]'s own ranks. However, serious is the common case of defection, or betrayal, from one clique to another. Usually such events are retained merely for when one Clique's epoch passes onto another's, such as when Anhui fell and beget defections to the Zhili and Fengtian on the rise to their first era of prominence, or when Feng Yuxiang's betrayal in conjunction with the Second Zhili-Fengtian war saw defections from the Zhili onto the Guominjun, or furthermore to Fengtian.\n\nWith the most concerning news of Zhang Zuolin's death in his prized Northeastern Provinces, allegedly at the hands of the Japanese, and the rapid rise of General Yang Yuting to the position of Grand Marshal of the Fengtian Government, another wave of defections have poured out from Fengtian. Following his assumption of power, Yuting set forth purging all rivals or those that had even a thought of betraying him, including the Young Marshal Zhang Xueliang and his loyalists.\n\nHowever, managing to avoid Yuting and his Shikan Clique for long enough, Shaoshuai stalwarts Ma Zhanshan and Zhang Tingshu alongside two of Marshal Zhang's old allies, Wan Fulin and Wu Junsheng, colloquially known as the \
\
Hardly have a need for the Tiger's lackeys.
The Heilongjiang Clique has Defected to [FROM.GetNameDef]!
Whilst Yang Yuting's enemies were always numerous within the Fengtian Clique, they nevertheless had retained a sense of cordialness in action and quality in words. All under the late Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin, neither Shikan nor the disparate Anti-Shikan Cliques, such as Shaoshuai or Heilongjiang, would have dared to act against eachother in brazen strikes. Yet with the death of the Marshal, the cause for caution has been utterly called off — with Shikan's purge of the Shaoshuai Clique and other loyalists. Scheduled to be on the chopping block, in a surprising twist it would appear that the Heilongjiang Clique — that is, Wu Junsheng alongside his protégés, Wan Fulin and Ma Zhanshan — have struck first.
$fengtian_events.168.d_start$\n\nWith the chaos of the interregnum purges thrusting the frontier, frontline, and garrison commands all into disarray, few noticed or even perhaps aided the scurrying horseback messengers crossing from Heilongjiang to [FROM.GetNameDef]. In correspondence with their frontline commanders, the Heilongjiang Clique's leaders managed to secure passage to, equipment from, and commissions within [FROM.GetNameDef]'s armies. During their rapid escape, the Clique simultaneously managed to secure three million silver dollars from the Fengtian treasury, taking it with them across the border. Whilst clearly a move pinned on their salvation, it has both made glaringly obvious the weakness of Yuting's nascent government, and the strength of Zhang Zuolin's last free loyalists. Whatever the case may be, it is clear that Tiger of the North has made one last defiant roar.
Their time will come on the battlefield.
The Heilongjiang Clique Insurgency!
$fengtian_events.168.d_start$\n\nWith the chaos of the interregnum purges thrusting the frontier, frontline, and garrison commands all into disarray, few noticed or even perhaps aided the scurrying horseback messengers crossing from Heilongjiang to provinces outside Fengtian control. Ultimately, it would appear that their soliciting for commissions from the enemy bore no fruit, thankfully. To [ROOT.GetLeader]'s dismay however, instead of choosing to lie down and accept defeat like the rest of Marshal Zhang's allies, the Heilongjiang Clique fled to the hills of their frontier province, intending to stage a defiant last stand, or at least collapse the perceived rotten structure of Yuting's government with the aid of outside forces.
They can hardly fight an empire by themselves!
Heilongjiang's Insurgency Subsides!
With the Heilongjiang Clique's miniature Insurgency in full swing, the government and provincial authorities in the region, alongside Japanese aid, have engaged in a fierce crackdown campaign against the wannabe vigilantes and heros. Whilst resembling the various bandit groups that have roamed the Three Northeastern Provinces for years, the Heilongjiang Insurgency took on the form of a far more organised, and capable, force. Even with noted blunders under the command of Wu Junsheng and Wan Fulin, the desperados continuously managed to trump Fengtian forces.\n\nOr so was the case up until recently. Despite arduous attempts from the Kempetai and Fengtian military forces to squash local provincial insurgent headquarters as they sprung up, the majority of attempts resulted in mixed failure. Whilst most success was won against Wan Fulin's area of the operation, Ma Zhanshan's cavalry forces managed to not only trump the Fengtian army, but the Japanese too. Whilst not inflicting particularly strong casualties, Ma's forces nonetheless could not be squashed. For his skill and notoriety, the Japanese have begun dubbing him the \
One step, it seems that they were one step ahead of us!
Heilongjiang's Insurgency is Put Down!
With the Heilongjiang Clique's miniature Insurgency in full swing, the government and provincial authorities in the region, alongside Japanese aid, have engaged in a fierce crackdown campaign against the wannabe vigilantes and heros. Whilst resembling the various bandit groups that have roamed the Three Northeastern Provinces for years, the Heilongjiang Insurgency took on the form of a far more organised, and capable, force. Even with noted blunders under the command of Wu Junsheng and Wan Fulin, the desperados continuously managed to trump Fengtian forces.\n\nOr so was the case up until recently. Chasing up the ladder of provincial insurgent HQs, and through systematic deployment of Kempetai interrogation and bribery of less than convicted cadres of the rebel's escapades, Ma Zhanshan, Wan Fulin, and Wu Junsheng fell akin to dominoes. First to fall was Wan Fulin, proving to be little more capable than his days in the broader Fengtian army. Then came Wu Junsheng, unable to stem the tide, perishing ironically due to a local explosive carried by a double agent. Third arrived Zhang Tingshu, collaborating with the Kuomintang insurgents, he would ultimately suffer the fate of many of China's prior revolutionaries.\n\nFinally arrived Ma Zhanshan, proving to be the most resilient of the three. An expert at maintaining the primacy, mobility, and cohesiveness of his broadly cavalry force, Ma defiantly resisted to the brutal and bitter end. Rallying all loyalist forces on radio channels all throughout the Northeast, he gained notoriety for his surprising skill in guerilla tactics to the point that [ROOT.GetNameDef] troops and the Japanese have dubbed Ma the \
Ghosts who didn't know they were already dead.
The Asia Express Runs from [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to Harbin!
For the first time, Mantetsu's 'Asia Express' streamlined train will be running from the tip of [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to the northern city of Harbin, at an astonishing 130 kilometres an hour, putting it among the fastest trains in the world. The journey took a mere 21 hours and 30 minutes. The locomotive wonder bears cars outfitted with heat, air conditioning, and luxurious lounges for even third-class customers, as well as its very own signature cocktail served at the bar.\n\nWhile Mantetsu's unmitigated success has given some reason to cheer, and may strike envy in Beijing, others can only view Mantetsu's advancements with growing concern.
A modern marvel!
Lu Ronghuan Gifts a Sturdy Northeastern Pony
For reasons probably associated with his recent ministerial appointment, Lu Ronghuan has gifted the Grand Marshal a splendid Manchurian pony named 'Pong', a rare breed supposedly capable of performing tricks, and worth nearly a million Yen. Exchanges of gifts, which might be interpreted as bribes in other countries, are a common sight in the Northeast and across China, but Lu's deep pockets are known for producing all manner of expensive oddities.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Railway Strikes!
Influential members of the Concordia Association had planned to bring forward legislation tomorrow increasing their control over the country's telegraph, claiming that certain sections in Jilin Province were built without permits, and calling for their turnover to 'more reliable authorities'. However, the major lines running from [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] to Harbin have suddenly experienced a series of strikes, shutting down service in protest of the proposed legislation.\n\nFaced with this overwhelming rejection, the legislation has been shelved for the time being, and it seems likely that Li Shaogeng and his widespread contacts are responsible.
Good.
Railway Strikes!
As of early this morning the major railway lines running between [745.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], Shenyang, and Harbin have experienced shutdowns and delays as strikes erupted along them, effectively grinding the country's resource economy to a halt.\n\nMantetsu and its advocates in the Concordia Association seem to have taken the opportunity to ship in workers from the Kwantung Leased Territory to ensure that basic services continue to run, but the strikes have continued nonetheless; demonstrating Zhang Zongxiang's willingness to damage even his own cause to demonstrate his displease with the Grand Marshal's refusal.
Damn it Liang!
The Pan Fu Development Scandal
Despite the faith put in Pan Fu by awarding him and his party with the right to direct Fengtian's financial and monetary development in accordance with Wang Yongjiang's original policies, his efforts seem to have fallen short. Evidence has come to the Grand Marshal's attention suggesting that vast sums of development money were funnelled into private projects and accounts across the country. No doubt other members of his party are complicit, and while some measure of corruption is of little surprise to the public, a scandal on this scale will upset even the highest ranks of government.
Who can be trusted anymore?
The Li Shaogeng Development Scandal
Despite the faith put in Li Shaogeng by awarding him and his party with the right to direct Fengtian's financial and monetary development in accordance with Wang Yongjiang's original policies, his efforts seem to have fallen short. Evidence has come to the Grand Marshal's attention suggesting that vast sums of development money were funnelled into desperate measures to compete with Mantetsu across the country, a vast majority in the form of bribes. On top of this, Li has abused his position to ensure favourable rights for construction efforts lead by his allies in government. No doubt other members of his party are complicit, and while some measure of corruption is of little surprise to the public, a scandal on this scale will upset even the highest ranks of government.
Who can be trusted anymore?
The Sun Qichang Development Scandal
Despite the faith put in Sun Qichang by awarding him and his party with the right to direct Fengtian's financial and monetary development in accordance with Wang Yongjiang's original policies, his efforts seem to have fallen short. Evidence has come to the Grand Marshal's attention suggesting that vast sums of development money were funnelled into arms purchases to equip provincial divisions and bodyguards, as well as into the pockets of prominent generals. No doubt other members of his party are complicit, and while some measure of corruption is of little surprise to the public, a scandal on this scale will upset even the highest ranks of government.
Who can be trusted anymore?
The Ruan Zhenduo Development Scandal
Despite the faith put in Ruan Zhenduo by awarding him and his party with the right to direct Fengtian's financial and monetary development in accordance with Wang Yongjiang's original policies, his efforts seem to have fallen short. Evidence has come to the Grand Marshal's attention suggesting that vast sums of development money were funnelled into Mantetsu sponsored schools and hospitals, each of which used the sudden boost in funding to further its efforts in promoting Sino-Japanese friendship. No doubt other members of his party are complicit, and while some measure of corruption is of little surprise to the public, a scandal on this scale will upset even the highest ranks of government.
Who can be trusted anymore?
Tang Yulin Rides a Tiger!
General Tang Yulin has been spotted audaciously seated atop a ravenous tiger somewhere in Rehe Province! Or has he?\n\nAn image depicting Tang has circulated widely, appearing in newspapers across the Northeast, though its origin is unclear. Some claim that the image is doctored, while others believe the tiger is only stuffed, but the aspect garnering the most attention is the context. Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin is often referred to as 'The Tiger of the North', and so the fact that Tang is shown riding one paints a very questionable picture.\n\nOn his part, Tang Yulin claims that the image is the creation of a [QIE.GetAdjective] saboteur, but his extravagant parties in Chaoyang suggests that the image, if not the tiger, may well be genuine.
This is an outrage!
Surely it's fake...
The CER Tax Dispute
The levying of seemingly arbitrary taxes to fill gaps in the budget, genuine or not, has been a long standing practice of national, regional, and local governments across China, including our own. This time, Police Chief Yuan is pressuring the Director of the Chinese Eastern Railway, Li Shaogeng, to accept additional taxes on the railway, allegedly for the purposes of further strengthening the army. If his demands aren't met, he's threatening an investigation of Communications Clique assets, as well as various legally questionable fees the Board already charges its customers, the revenue from which almost certainly sticks to a number of fingers.\n\nThere is every likelihood that, as Yuan is likewise a member of the CER board and an advisor on our inner council, this is his idea of a power play. Still, it must be said, his tax would undoubtedly help fill the national treasury, if at the cost of undercutting competition to Mantetsu. It seems likely that the Grand Marshal will be forced to settle this dispute, lest it spiral out of control.
Levy the tax.
No tax is necessary.
Yuan Investigates Regardless
Seething over the decision to prohibit his rail-tax proposal, Yuan Jinkai has gone ahead with his threat to intensively investigate the other members of the CER Board, as well as the Communications Clique at large. Already police forces have begun to converge, and unless the Grand Marshal intercedes soon, there is an increasing risk that the investigation could uncover larger secrets best kept from the public eye.\n\nOf course, if his investigation is stopped, Yuan will almost certainly resign from his position as police chief.
This will not be tolerated.
Let the investigation go ahead.
Yuan's Investigation Yields Results
There were concerns when Yuan began his investigation that it might reveal the deep webs of corruption widely believed to exist within the Government. Those fears have now come to pass. Though the Communications Clique has been hit hardest by the ensuing scandal, the government as a whole has suffered a serious blow to its legitimacy, despite Yuan's best efforts to keep the full results under wraps. Though there have been calls for Yuan to resign, damage control takes priority, and the Police Chief has earned a great deal of respect from the general population, ironic though it may be.
There were concerns when Yuan began his investigation that it might reveal the deep webs of corruption widely believed to exist within the Government. Fortunately its results have narrowly targeted members of the Communications Clique, leaving the wider government largely unscathed. Yuan will walk away with a greater degree of control over the CER, and greater respect among the general population, despite his own 'alleged' shady dealings.
At least it's finished.
Yuan's Investigation Yields Nothing
Despite the widespread belief that Yuan's investigation would inevitably uncover some trace of corruption, the official report released today indicates that nothing was found. Yuan is deeply displeased, but there is little he can do short of escalating the conflict in a way guaranteed to further damage his own reputation.
Who would've thought?
Fengtian in Crisis
In spite of all the aid we have provided over the years to the Fengtian Government, it now faces the risk of defeat as its armies struggle. Not only do we have a general commitment to Fengtian's defence politically and economically, but it also remains the only means by which we could indirectly control China as a whole. Direct occupation would almost certainly be costly, but an intervention could also come with its own risks. The time has come to decide.
In spite of all the aid we have provided over the years to the Fengtian Government, it now faces the risk of defeat as the War of National Reclamation drags on whilst failing to achieve key strategic objectives. Not only do we have a general commitment to Fengtian's defence politically and economically, but it also remains the only means by which we could indirectly control China as a whole. Direct occupation would almost certainly be costly, but an intervention could also come with its own risks. The time has come to decide.
In spite of all the aid we have provided over the years to the Fengtian Government, it now faces the risk of defeat as the government south of the Great Wall amasses armies far larger than those of the Old Marshal. Not only do we have a general commitment to Fengtian's defence politically and economically, but it also remains the only means by which we could indirectly control China as a whole. Direct occupation would almost certainly be costly, but an intervention could also come with its own risks. The time has come to decide.
Japan honours its commitments.
Zhang is on his own.
Japan Refuses to Intervene
In a stunning act of betrayal, Japan has refused to protect us in our hour of greatest need. Now it seems we must look to our own defences, as they're all that stand between ourselves and oblivion.
Traitors!
Japan Comes to Our Aid!
Honouring its general commitment to our defence, Japan has allowed our entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere.
Wansui!
Reclaiming the Jinhan Railway
Reclaiming the Jinpu Railway
Reclaiming the Yuehan Railway
Originally financed by Belgian capital, the Jinghan Railway runs north-to-south from Beijing in Zhili to Hankou in Hubei. For decades it has served as one of China's primary transit arteries, ferrying goods across the length of the North China Plain, and connecting its width by way of Zhengzhou.\n\nIn the years since its construction the railway has fallen on hard times, and so while the Belgians are long gone it will take a great deal of investment to restore its infrastructure and integrate it with our new national railway services.
$fengtian_events.193.d.jinhan$ $ask_Mantetsu_for_railway$
Financed by British and German capital nearly fifteen years before the Weltkrieg, the Jinpu Railway runs north-to-south from Tianjin to Pukou, a district of Nanjing. Like the Jinghan Railway, it has long served as one of China's most important logistical arteries, connecting north with south, and east with west by way of Xuzhou.\n\nIn the years since the last Zhifeng War the sections of the railway in Shandong and Jiangsu gradually fell under the sway of the German AOG, which updated and expanded its infrastructure. However, as the company's employees have now been driven away or shot as Hanjian they will need to be replaced. Unfortunately the process of finding and paying these individuals, not to mention re-integrating the railway itself, could prove a costly enterprise.
$fengtian_events.193.d.jinpu$ $ask_Mantetsu_for_railway$
The Yuehan Railway, connecting Hankou and Guangdong, was born amid a conflict between Belgian and American investors, and as such took abnormally long to complete once both parties pulled out of the project. The railway was ultimately completed under the supervision of the German AOG in the early 1930s, and remained under their control until the collapse of Sun Chuanfang's League.\n\nWith the Germans gone it will need entirely new management and integration into the new national railway system. This will be an expensive task.
$fengtian_events.193.d.yuehan$ $ask_Mantetsu_for_railway$
Give it to Mantetsu.
We shall control it ourselves.
Of course, we could always ask Mantetsu to do it for us.
Jinhan Railway Reclaimed
Jinpu Railway Reclaimed
Yuehan Railway Reclaimed
Operations along the Jinghan Railway have been successfully handed over to Mantetsu bureaucrats and engineers. Their expertise should prove crucial to keeping the trains running on time, despite the political costs of surrendering Chinese railways to foreign control.
Operations along the Jinpu Railway have been successfully handed over to Mantetsu bureaucrats and engineers. Their expertise should prove crucial to keeping the trains running on time, despite the political costs of surrendering Chinese railways to foreign control.
Operations along the Yuehan Railway have been successfully handed over to Mantetsu bureaucrats and engineers. Their expertise should prove crucial to keeping the trains running on time, despite the political costs of surrendering Chinese railways to foreign control.
After a great deal of effort a team of bureaucrats and engineers has been assembled to take control of the Jinghan Railway. A number of the staff had to be pulled out of retirement, while others possessed dubious graduation certificates, but nonetheless the trains are thus far running on time.
A team of bureaucrats and engineers has finally been assembled to take control of the Jinpu Railway. Many of the fresh-faced staff, some of whom were trained only recently, seemed nervous at the occasion. Nonetheless, the reclamation of this once foreign-owned railway is a major step forward in reasserting China's national pride.
A team of bureaucrats and engineers has finally assembled at the Yuehan Railway's headquarters in Guangzhou, and though the sign at the entrance is in Chinese, the logbooks and other documents within remain largely German. Converting all of this information will be yet another task to tackle, and finding German-speaking engineers without a history of collaboration was difficult.\n\nNonetheless, this marks a significant propaganda victory.
Excellent.
The Mantetsu Rail System
With Mantetsu's staff taking up residence in the latest 'reclaimed' railway headquarters, the company has decided to establish two regional subsidiaries to supervise activities in North and Central China. The North China Transportation Company, headquartered in Beijing, will take control of operations between Shanhaiguan and the Yangtze, while the Central China Transportation Company will operate between there and Guangzhou in the south. Ironically, the Japanese have now achieved what the German AOG never could.
A marvel of engineering.
National Ownership over Railways
The central government has finally completed its mission to remove Western influence over our railway system, a very costly project but a great propaganda victory, as Western ownership of Chinese railways has long been seen as the height of national humiliation. In the long term, these efforts will give the government an increase in revenue, and should make further infrastructure expansions cheaper.
Another victory for China against the West!
An Interesting Discovery!
Our agents operating in the Legation Cities have made a surprising discovery in Shanghai's Palace Hotel, which recently paid host to a Fengtian Government delegation led by noted diplomat Wang Yintai. A high-level codebook, found by hotel cleaners, provides a comprehensive look at Fengtian's decryption methods, and provides full access to their encrypted communications. This will prove a treasure trove for our spies, both at home and elsewhere.\n\nThe Fengtian Government will eventually change its codes, but for now the advantage is ours.
Our agents operating in Tokyo have made a surprising discovery at an izakaya in Nihonbashi. A code-book seems to have been left in a back-room rented out by Ruan Zhenduo, the president of Fengtian's pro-Japanese Concordia Association, and his entourage. Though it may take a few days to confirm that the book is legitimate, it nonetheless offers a comprehensive look at Fengtian's decryption methods, and provides full access to their encrypted communications. This will prove a treasure trove for our spies, both at home and elsewhere.\n\nThe Fengtian Government will eventually change its codes, but for now the advantage is ours.
Our agents operating in the Legation Cities have made a surprising discovery in Tianjin, specifically a Fengtian Government codebook purchased from the local Green Gang. Apparently the gangsters received the book from a courtesan making her way from Chengde, where Fengtian's notoriously rowdy general Tang Yulin is known to have held a lavish party. Though it may take a few days to confirm that the book is legitimate, it nonetheless offers a comprehensive look at Fengtian's decryption methods, and provides full access to their encrypted communications. This will prove a treasure trove for our spies, both at home and elsewhere.\n\nFengtian will eventually change its codes, but for now the advantage is ours.
Our agents operating in the Legation Cities have made a surprising discovery in Shanghai's Palace Hotel, which recently paid host to a Fengtian Government delegation led by noted diplomat Wang Yintai. A high-level codebook, originally pocketed by hotel cleaners, found its way into the hands of German Abteilung III agents, who were summarily relieved of their burden by our own brave operatives. Though it may take a few days to confirm that the book is legitimate, it nonetheless offers an even more comprehensive look into Fengtian's communications than we already possess.\n\nAs Fengtian's 'fraternal ally' we ought to return the book, even if it serves only to demonstrate our superiority, but we could also choose to keep it.
Our agents operating in the Legation Cities have made a surprising discovery in Tianjin, specifically a Fengtian Government codebook 'acquired' from the local Green Gang. The thugs apparently intended to sell the book to the highest bidder, but fortunately our brave operatives simply seized it by force. After some investigation it was discovered that the code book made its way onto the black market by way of a lavish party at Chengde, hosted by Fengtian's own general Tang Yulin. It is almost certainly genuine, and offers an even more comprehensive look into Fengtian's communications than we already possess.\n\nAs Fengtian's 'fraternal ally' we ought to return the book, even if it serves only to demonstrate our superiority, but we could also choose to keep it.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Police have made an interesting discovery at a Nihonbashi izakaya, where Ruan Zhenduo, president of the Concordia Association, and his entourage recently rented out a back room. A codebook seems to have been left under the table, and though it may take a few days to confirm that the code book is genuine, this offers an even more comprehensive look into Fengtian's communications than we already possess.\n\nAs Fengtian's 'fraternal ally' we ought to return the book, even if it serves only to demonstrate our superiority, but we could choose to keep it instead.
The Tokyo Metropolitan Police have made an interesting discovery at a Nihonbashi izakaya, where Ruan Zhenduo, president of the Concordia Association, and his entourage recently rented out a back room. A codebook seems to have been left under the table, and though it may take a few days to confirm that the code book is genuine, this offers an event more comprehensive look into Fengtian's communications than we already possess.\n\nUnfortunately the book's absence seems to have been noticed, as made evident by Ruan's removal from office. As a high-ranking member of the Concordia Association, his dismissal is an insult to our efforts to support the Fengtian Government and develop the Manchurian region. Already both the Kwantung Army in Shenyang and the Foreign Ministry here in Tokyo are demanding a response.\n\nWe could choose to be polite, or ignore decorum entirely.
Now this is an intelligence coup!
Politely return the codebook
Keep the codebook
Demand Ruan's reinstatement!
Japan Returns Our Code Book
It seems that Japan has recovered the code book recently lost by our bungling minister; Mantetsu's president, Matsuoka Yōsuke, handed it over to the Grand Marshal personally this morning. In private, Zhang is reported to have made light of the situation, referring to Matsuoka as his 'loyal dog returning a thrown ball'.\n\nThere is every reason to believe the Japanese have made copies of our top secret codes, and the Concordia Association will undoubtedly play this to their advantage. Still, things could have been worse.
Much, much worse.
Japan Demands Ruan Zhenduo's Reinstatement
Calling our former Foreign Minister's removal 'unacceptable' and angrily waving the code-book 'lost' in Tokyo, a Japanese diplomat has demanded Ruan Zhenduo's immediate reinstatement. There can be little doubt that the Japanese have already copied our top-secret codes, and the 'story' provided to explain their 'discovery' in a Nihonbashi izakaya seems unlikely.\n\nStill, Japan is not to be trifled with, and the diplomat's anger is no doubt mirrored in Tokyo. We should take our next step carefully.
Reinstate Ruan.
They should be thankful we didn't shoot him.
Hotheaded Allies
Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique, our newly-committed ally, as well as Zhang Zongchang, who has long had good relations with us and fought on our side a long time ago, do not have a good relationship.\n\nWhat makes matters worse is that Chen sees his Anqing Clique as the rightful ruler of all of the primary Five Provinces that made up the League. Zhang seeks to enter the conflict as well, but most likely not be satisfied if he is left with nothing, which is bound to happen if Chen insists on controlling all of the Five Provinces. We will have to begin thinking of a solution, because we most definitely do not want war between our allies.
I hope that ends well...
Shandong-Anqing War Conference
Qi Xieyuan's League, which saw itself as the successor to Sun Chuanfang's League of Eight Provinces, has fallen apart after it was assaulted on three sides. Two of these, the Anqing Clique and the Shandong Clique, are our allies. Chen Tiaoyuan's Anqing Clique has successfully taken control of all the northern provinces, with only the reborn Left Kuomintang in the south. However, this is not satisfactory for Zhang Zongchang of Shandong, who believes control of the northern province of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) is his right. A right Chen is unwilling to give.\n\nWe must prevent war between them at all costs, as this could lead to their collapse, leaving the Kuomintang to take control of the Five Provinces instead. Shall we mediate between them?
Qi Xieyuan's League, which saw itself as the successor to Sun Chuanfang's League of Eight Provinces, has fallen apart after it was assaulted on three sides. Two of these, the Anqing Clique and the Shandong Clique, are our allies. Zhang Zongchang's Shandong Clique has seized some of the League's north, in the province of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states). This is unacceptable to Chen, who sees himself as the League's successor and thus the province's rightful owner.\n\nWe must prevent war between them at all costs, as this could lead to their collapse, leaving the Kuomintang to take control of the Five Provinces instead. Shall we mediate between them?
Qi Xieyuan's League, which saw itself as the successor to Sun Chuanfang's League of Eight Provinces, has fallen apart as it was assaulted on three sides. Two of these, the Anqing Clique and the Shandong Clique, are our allies. Zhang Zongchang's Shandong Clique has seized parts of the northern province of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong statess), but also states even farther south. This is completely unacceptable to Chen, who feels that Zhang controls way too much of the League's former territory, all of which he believes belongs rightfully to Anqing.\n\nWe must prevent war between them at all costs, as this could lead to their collapse, leaving the Kuomintang to take control of the Five Provinces instead. Shall we mediate between them?
Reach out.
It is not worth mediating between these two.
Fengtian Seeks to Mediate
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Zhang Zongchang's territorial gains. However, Zhang Zongchang has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case the two Zhangs betray us, we should still keep watch on the Shandong border.
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Zhang Zongchang's territorial gains. However, Zhang Zongchang has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Zhang Zongchang has even gone so far as to annex part of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case the two Zhangs betray us, we should still keep watch on the Shandong border.
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Zhang Zongchang's territorial gains. However, Zhang Zongchang has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Zhang Zongchang has even gone so far as to annex critical areas of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case the two Zhangs betray us, we should still keep watch on the Shandong border.
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Zhang Zongchang's territorial gains. However, Zhang Zongchang has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Zhang Zongchang has even gone so far as to annex most of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case the two Zhangs betray us, we should still keep watch on the Shandong border.
Zhang remains a threat.
They can have all of Jiangsu.
They can only keep Jiangsu.
We demand all of the Five Provinces.
We won't let you mediate.
Fengtian Seeks to Mediate
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Chen Tiaoyuan's territorial gains. However, Chen Tiaoyuan has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Chen Tiaoyuan has even gone so far as to annex all of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case Zhang and Chen intend to betray us, we should still keep watch on the Anqing border.
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Chen Tiaoyuan's territorial gains. However, Chen Tiaoyuan has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Chen Tiaoyuan has even gone so far as to annex parts of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case Zhang and Chen intend to betray us, we should still keep watch on the Anqing border.
Our mutual war against the Nanjing Clique was only able to succeed thanks to our promise to respect Chen Tiaoyuan's territorial gains. However, Chen Tiaoyuan has continued his baseless claim that Zhang Zuolin promised him the provinces of Anqing. Chen Tiaoyuan has even gone so far as to annex the metropole of Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) illegally to prop up this claim. It should be simple to force Zhang Zuolin to mediate this issue, and we have no doubt Zhang Zuolin will agree with our claims to Anqing. Just in case Zhang and Chen intend to betray us, we should still keep watch on the Anqing border.
We demand to keep only Jiangsu now.
We demand to have all of Jiangsu now.
We keep all our states.
We won't let you mediate.
Anqing Demands Zhang Zongchang End Claim
Chen Tiaoyuan has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Zhang Zongchang. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Chen Tiaoyuan reveal his conclusion that Zhang Zongchang and Shandong are now liabilities. Despite the amount of resources poured into Shandong, it is apparent from the talk that Chen believes the criminal commanders in Shandong are too dangerous to ever work for the greater good of China.
Chen Tiaoyuan has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Zhang Zongchang. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Chen Tiaoyuan reveal his conclusion that Zhang Zongchang and Shandong are now liabilities. Due to the amount of resources poured into Shandong, Chen suggests that Zhang Zongchang be allowed to keep his gains in Jiangsu, but the rest of Anqing be proclaimed. Zhang may have Jiangsu, the rest they want.
Chen Tiaoyuan has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Zhang Zongchang. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Chen Tiaoyuan reveal his conclusion that Zhang Zongchang and Shandong are now liabilities. Due to the amount of resources poured into Shandong, Chen suggests that Zhang Zongchang be allowed to keep his gains in Jiangsu, but the rest of Anqing be proclaimed. Zhang may have parts of Jiangsu, the rest they want.
Chen Tiaoyuan has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Zhang Zongchang. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Chen Tiaoyuan reveal his conclusion that Zhang Zongchang and Shandong are now liabilities. Due to the amount of resources poured into Shandong, Chen suggests that Zhang Zongchang return Jiangsu, and Chen's authority over Anqing be proclaimed.
Noted.
Shandong Demands Chen Tiaoyuan End Claim
Zhang Zongchang has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Chen Tiaoyuan. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Zhang Zongchang reveals his conclusion that Chen Tiaoyuan and Anqing are now liabilities. Despite the amount of resources poured into Anqing, it is apparent from the talk that Zhang Zongchang believes the turn commanders in Anqing are too dangerous to ever work for the greater good of China. Zhang Zongchang insists to us that he should keep only his marginal gains in Jiangsu.
Zhang Zongchang has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Chen Tiaoyuan. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Zhang Zongchang reveals his conclusion that Chen Tiaoyuan and Anqing are now liabilities. Despite the amount of resources poured into Anqing, it is apparent from the talk that Zhang Zongchang believes the turn commanders in Anqing are too dangerous to ever work for the greater good of China. Zhang Zongchang insists to us that he should be awarded all of Jiangsu.
Zhang Zongchang has arrived in Shenyang to settle his territorial dispute with Chen Tiaoyuan. Though neither have made threats to our knowledge, certainly Zhang and Chen are capable of drawing first blood if Zhang Zuolin cannot resolve the border. Long hours of negotiation with Zhang Zongchang reveals his conclusion that Chen Tiaoyuan and Anqing are now liabilities. Despite the amount of resources poured into Anqing, it is apparent from the talk that Zhang Zongchang believes the turn commanders in Anqing are too dangerous to ever work for the greater good of China. Zhang Zongchang insists to us that he should keep all our new territory.
Noted.
Making a Proposal
Zhang Zuolin has taken the two prevailing ideas of Chen Tiaoyuan and Zhang Zongchang into consideration. The fears of Zhang and Chen's rivalry was confirmed in these talks, but a surprising amount of trust was conferred to Zhang Zuolin. One could not properly predict either man's response, so there is no guarantee Zhang and Chen will agree to Marshal Zhang's decision. Although made in confidence, the weight of keeping the alliance alive and the possibility of Japan's judgement weighs heavy. After much deliberation, Zhang Zuolin has decided that, with regards to Shandong...
Shandong stays in Shandong.
Shandong keeps Jiangsu.
Shandong gets Jiangsu.
Shandong keeps everything.
Fengtian Presents Proposal to Anqing
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Chen Tiaoyuan. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong must cede all territory outside of Shandong. To most of Chen's military staff, this is a diplomatic victory. However, a few officers feel that a rabid dog such as Zhang Zongchang should not be allowed to remain in power at all.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Chen Tiaoyuan. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong may continue to occupy Jiangsu. To most of Chen's military staff, this is a diplomatic defeat, and legitimises the tyranny of Zhang Zongchang. However, we know this is only temporary and our most important focus right now is to defeat the Kuomintang. We should probably accept for now if we do not wish to fight a two-front war.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Chen Tiaoyuan. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong should be awarded Jiangsu province to appease him, at least temporarily. To most of Chen's military staff, this is a diplomatic defeat, and legitimises the tyranny of Zhang Zongchang. However, we know that after the Kuomintang are dealt with, we can focus all our attention on regaining Jiangsu, so maybe we should agree with this for now.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Chen Tiaoyuan. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong may continue to occupy all their territory they took from the League of Eight Provinces. This would be a massive diplomatic defeat and it shows a significant failing on the part of Zhang Zuolin. We cannot accept this.
Accept.
Refuse.
Fengtian Presents Proposal to Shandong
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Zhang Zongchang. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong must cede all territory outside of Shandong. To Zhang Zongchang's military staff, this is a significant defeat, as we rightfully took this territory from the former League of Eight Provinces, which no longer exists. Chen Tiaoyuan has no right that we lack to this land.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Zhang Zongchang. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong may continue to occupy Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states). This would be at least a temporary victory, as it will improve our chances of holding on to Jiangsu. However, we should be careful, as Anqing may seek to regain full control once they have dealt with the Kuomintang in the south.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Zhang Zongchang. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong be awarded Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states). To most of Zhang Zongchang's military staff, this is a diplomatic victory. Anqing will not like this, so it is possible they might hold a grudge and move against us as soon as they have dealt with the Kuomintang. We should be very careful.
Zhang Zuolin has delivered his decision to Zhang Zongchang. On the issue of the Anqing-Shandong border, Zhang Zuolin has declared that Shandong be awarded Jiangsu Province (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states). We are also allowed to keep the rest of the territory we acquired from the League of Eight Provinces. This is a major victory, but Anqing will surely not accept this. However, it will give us a solid strategic position, aiding us in a potential conflict.
Accept.
Refuse.
Zhang Zuolin's Proposal Accepted
Fengtian's proposal has been accepted by both Zhang Zongchang and Chen Tiaoyuan. Perhaps this is the beginning of a new era of cooperation under Fengtian that will lead to national reunification? Many in the military staff are hopeful, citing this as a triumph not even Wu Peifu could accomplish.
Peace... for now.
Zhang Zuolin's Proposal Rejected
Fengtian's proposal has been rejected by both Zhang Zongchang and Chen Tiaoyuan. It seems the two will remain uncooperative and hostile for the foreseeable future. Perhaps this is a signal that diplomatic negotiations to reunify China are doomed to fail? Some within the military staff agree, citing that not even Wu Peifu could have figured out a diplomatic solution.
Unfortunate, but unsurprising.
Shandong and Anqing Make Deal
After our failure to engineer a temporary peace between our allies, Shandong and Anqing, we have received word from Anqing and Shandong diplomats that they have brokered their own temporary peace, as they were dissatisfied with our efforts. Apparently, a lowly diplomat went out on a limb and proposed a deal, fully of his own accord. While that brave man did a good deed and has created a peace in our favour, it does highlight our own incompetence.
Surprising.
Shandong and Anqing Declare War
We're not sure exactly what happened, but it looks like talks between Shandong and Anqing broke down somehow. The personalities of Zhang Zongchang and Chen Tiaoyuan were obvious factors in this breakdown. Anqing and Shandong, despite both of them being in favour of a Fengtian victory, appear to be ready to deploy troops against each other. The military staff is divided, with some in favour of protecting our old investments in Shandong via Zhang Zongchang, and others in favour of protecting the richer river valley under Chen Tiaoyuan.
Back Chen
Back Zhang
Our involvement is over.
Kuomintang Defeated - New War Conference
The Left Kuomintang have been successfully defeated. While this is great news and means that our allies control the Five Provinces, which gives us an enormous advantage against [QIE.GetNameDef], it also introduces problems. Not long after the news broke that the Kuomintang were defeated, we received a telegram from Zhang Zongchang of the Shandong Clique.\n\nIn the telegram, which frequently goes off on a tangent and refuses to get to the point until the very end, Zhang describes the strength of our 'Old Alliance' and that as such, we should support him to receive control over the Five Provinces. This is rather outrageous, as this would certainly lead to war with the Anqing Clique, which would be a disaster. However, it is true that Zhang Zongchang and Zhang Zuolin go back a long way. We will need to hold another conference to determine a solution that both Zhang and Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique are satisfied with.
The Left Kuomintang have been successfully defeated. While this is great news and means that our allies control the Five Provinces, which gives us an enormous advantage against [QIE.GetNameDef], it also introduces problems. Not long after the news broke that the Kuomintang were defeated, we received a telegram from Zhang Zongchang of the Shandong Clique and Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique.\n\nZhang's telegram asks us to honour our old alliance and support him to press claims on the rest of the provine of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states), which he only partially controls. It is true that Zhang Zongchang and Zhang Zuolin go back a long way. Chen instead describes the fact that as the legitimate successor to the League, all of the Five Provinces should fall under his dominion. He demands that all of Jiangsu is returned to him at once. If things are to end well, we will have to hold another conference to determine a solution that both Zhang and Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique are satisfied with.
The Left Kuomintang have been successfully defeated. While this is great news and means that our allies control the Five Provinces, which gives us an enormous advantage against [QIE.GetNameDef], it also introduces problems. Not long after the news broke that the Kuomintang were defeated, we received a telegram from Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique.\n\nChen says it is outrageous that Zhang Zongchang of the Shandong Clique is allowed to hold all of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) considering that Chen's Anqing Clique is the legitimate successor to the League. While he has a point, we never recognised the League originally and Zhang is an old friend. If things are to end well, we will have to hold another conference to determine a solution that both Zhang and Chen Tiaoyuan of the Anqing Clique are satisfied with.
Think of a solution.
Let them fight it out.
A Solution to the Conflict
To us, it would be preferable if Zhang Zongchang would simply back down and let Chen control all the Five Provinces. This would save us a lot of trouble. However, with Zhang you can never be sure how he'll respond and forcing him to back down might lead to him doing what he wants regardless. Of course, he could also be scared of our military might and just agree. We will have to think this through carefully.
With both Zhang and Chen currently unhappy, the problem becomes hard to solve. We could force either to back down and let the other have what they want, but that could end very badly. Most likely, we will have to come up with a compromise.
It would be preferable if Chen Tiaoyuan just backs down and leaves Jiangsu to Zhang. This would most likely solve the issue. However, Chen is a proud man and sees his Anqing Clique as the true successor of the League, which necessarily contains all the Five Provinces, which includes Jiangsu. His victories and popular support mean it is unlikely he will simply relent. We will have to take a look at engineering a compromise.
Force Zhang to back down.
Force Chen to back down.
Come up with a compromise.
A Compromise Solution
It is clear that Chen will not relent unless he can at least call himself master of Jiangsu (Xuzhou, Yancheng, Nantong states) in some way. Zhang will also never be happy with being stuck with only Shandong. This means that we will have to split Jiangsu, one way or another. One possibility is to simply split the western Xuzhou region, which would go to Zhang, from the eastern Yancheng region, with the latter including Nantong and going to Chen. It is unlikely Chen will see this as sufficient as the province was ruled from Xuzhou, which is also where the province's most important railroads meet. Another possibility is to separate economic from political control. In this scenario, one would officially run Jiangsu's government, which would of course have to be led by at least a somewhat independent governor. Then the other would be allowed to nominate a lieutenant governor, who would have control over all the province's resources and be allowed to levy taxes and conduct recruitment among other things.
Split Jiangsu between them.
Chen gets Jiangsu, exploitation rights to Zhang.
Zhang gets Jiangsu, exploitation rights to Chen.
Fengtian Forces us to Back Down!
The Fengtian government has said that our uncompromising attitude is the reason that no deal has been made. They say the only solution is that we back down and withdraw all our demands, otherwise they would have to seriously consider military action. This is of course outrageous and nothing like a proper permanent solution. We will have to call their bluff.
Call their bluff.
Fengtian Presents a Compromise
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that by splitting the province of Jiangsu, we will both get something of value. We would get Yancheng and Nantong. Of course we cannot accept this, as Xuzhou is the heart of Jiangsu and an important railway hub. We cannot accept giving a way a part of the Five Provinces! Fengtian has utterly failed to defuse the situation.
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that we will control the province politically. We would have to appoint a somewhat independent governor as a sign of goodwill towards Shandong. In exchange, Zhang would get economic control over the province, meaning he is allowed to levy taxes and conduct recruitment. This means we can plausibly say we control all of the Five Provinces. Allowing Zhang this economic control is a small price to pay for peace, especially if it makes Fengtian, our benefactor, happy.
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that we would have allow political control to be in Zhang's hands, who would appoint a somewhat independent governor as a sign of goodwill. In exchange, we would get economic control over the province, which includes levying taxes. While this is nice, it would mean that on all maps, it would be Zhang that holds Jiangsu. We would be giving a way an integral part of our territory, one of the Five Provinces. This is unacceptable!
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that by splitting the province of Jiangsu, we will both get something of value. We would get Xuzhou, an important railway hub. Of course we cannot accept this, as this leaves the region without sea access and also means that for all our efforts in the war, we only get half a province! We cannot accept such a laughable proposal. Fengtian has utterly failed to defuse the situation.
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that Chen will control the province politically and would have to appoint a somewhat independent governor as a sign of goodwill towards us. In exchange, we will get economic control over the province, meaning we will be allowed to levy taxes and conduct recruitment. While this means we will have no territorial expansion to show for our efforts against the League, the Jiangsu province is very rich. It would allow us to significantly bolster our ranks as well and gives us ample opportunity to expand our armies in order to strike again in the future. However, having full control remains ideal and if Chen is able to rebuild, it will be very difficult to ever defeat him.
The Fengtian government, in an effort to solve our problem with Shandong, has proposed a compromise. They say that we would have full political control of Jiangsu, but we would have to appoint a somewhat independent governor as a sign of goodwill towards Anqing. In exchange, they would get economic control over the province, which includes levying taxes. Adding Jiangsu to our control means an enormous boost to the prestige of our government, even if it means we cannot benefit economically as much as we'd like. This option is very tempting.
Agree.
Only war can solve this.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Calls Our Bluff
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has called our bluff, believing that we will not truly risk anything and will not support either Anqing or Shandong.
We won't intervene
We'll fight.
Shandong Doesn't Back Down
Anqing Doesn't Back Down
Shandong was forced to back down by Fengtian, but instead called their bluff, with Fengtian deciding it was time to intervene.
Anqing was forced to back down by Fengtian, but instead called their bluff, with Fengtian deciding it was time to intervene.
War it is, then.
The Compromise Breaks Apart
Through refusal by one of the parties, the compromise that Fengtian proposed has not been accepted. Diplomacy has been ceased and our enemy mobilises. It seems like Fengtian wasn't so good a mediator, after all.
War it is, then.
The Compromise is Accepted
The compromise engineered by Fengtian, which involves political control lying in the hands of Chen's Anqing Clique and economic control belonging to Zhang, has been accepted by all parties. This means that Shandong and Anqing can now move on as allies under Fengtian protection.
Great news.
The Compromise is Rejected
Unfortunately, the compromise has been rejected. Shandong has not accepted the compromise, meaning that it is of no use. Anqing did accept, however, but we needed both parties to agree if we wanted it to work. This means that our allies, Shandong and Anqing, will surely go to war. We can decide to support one of the two, or just wait it out.
Unfortunately, the compromise has been rejected. Anqing has not accepted the compromise, meaning that it is of no use. Shandong did accept, however, but we needed both parties to agree if we wanted it to work. This means that our allies, Shandong and Anqing, will surely go to war. We can decide to support one of the two, or just wait it out.
Unfortunately, the compromise has been rejected. Shandong and Anqing both refused the compromise, making it completely useless. This means that our allies, Shandong and Anqing, will surely go to war. We can decide to support one of the two, or just wait it out.
We won't intervene.
Support Chen. (Anqing)
Support Zhang. (Shandong)
Supporting Chen
Due to our decision to support Chen Tiaoyuan's Anqing Clique in his fight against Zhang Zongchang of Shandong, we will continue shipping weapons to Chen, which will hopefully allow him to win more easily.
Alright.
Supporting Zhang
Due to our decision to support Zhang Zongchang's Shandong Clique in his fight against Chen Tiaoyuan of Anqing, we will immediately cease our weapons shipments to Anqing. Instead our aid will flow to Shandong, and Japan will follow our lead.
Alright.
Fengtian Steps Back
The Fengtian Government has announced that it will remain neutral in the conflict between Anqing and Shandong. We now stand alone, as does our enemy.
Very well.
Fengtian Supports Shandong
The Fengtian Government has lent its exclusive support to Zhang Zongchang's Shandong Clique in a newly-erupted conflict between its two eastern allies. Consequently, we have been asked to halt our aid to Chen Tiaoyuan's Anqing Clique. Although we could refuse, Chen's anti-concessionist aims run contrary to our interests in China, and powerful forces in the government insist that we accede to Zhang's demand. We may redirect our support to Shandong, if we so wish.
Very well.
Fengtian Supports Anqing
The Fengtian Government has lent its exclusive support to Chen Tiaoyuan's Anqing Clique in a newly-erupted conflict between its two eastern allies. Consequently, we have been asked to halt our aid to Zhang Zongchang's Shandong Clique. Although we could refuse, powerful forces in the government insist that we accede to Zhang's demand. We may redirect our support to Anqing, if we so wish.
Very well.
Anqing Commits to Reclamation
The Anqing Clique has made the right decision and has decided to join our alliance and commit to aiding us with the Reclamation War against Beijing. They have weighed many factors, so knowing that they still decided to join our cause is very good news.
Great.
Anqing Abandons Reclamation
The Anqing Clique, led by Chen Tiaoyuan, has decided to decline any participation in our Reclamation War against the [QIE.GetName]! This is extremely disrespectful, as both our government and the Japanese supported them during the League War and helped them achieve control over all Five Provinces. However, we need any help we can get, and as such we could let it be and hope they join the war regardless once it has started. But if they do not join eventually, it would mean we would have to see them as just another warlord that we will need to bring down to unite China.
The Anqing Clique, led by Chen Tiaoyuan, has decided to decline any participation in our Reclamation War against the [QIE.GetName]! This is extremely disrespectful, as both our government and the Japanese supported them during the League War and helped them achieve control over all Five Provinces. We have also invested considerable resources into their reconstruction, hoping that they would prove a more valuable ally. We should cancel our reconstruction aid immediately. However, we need any help we can get, and as such we could let it be and hope they join the war regardless once it has started. But if they do not join eventually, it would mean we would have to see them as just another warlord that we will need to bring down to unite China.
Cut ties and denounce them.
Tolerate them and wait.
Anqing Cuts Ties Anyway
Unfortunately, even though we had decided to tolerate Anqing for now, they have decided to cut completely cut ties themselves. This means we cannot at all count on them and must see them as just another clique of warlords.
Unfortunate.
Anqing Annexes Shandong
Originally, we had agreed with Anqing that they would temporarily control Shandong until the start of the Reclamation War, as they had no proper claim to it and recognised us as the national government. Now that this is no longer the case, Chen Tiaoyuan of Anqing has decided to assume full control over Shandong and make it part of his League. This means the territory is unavailable to us.
Bad news.
Anqing Annexes Shandong
Originally, we had agreed with Anqing that they would temporarily control Shandong until the start of the Reclamation War, as they had no proper claim to it and recognised us as the national government. Now that this is no longer the case, Chen Tiaoyuan of Anqing has decided to assume full control over Shandong and make it part of his League. This means the territory is unavailable to us.
Bad news.
Acceptance of Women's Suffrage
The population has finally accepted the idea of Women being able to vote in local elections, which was quite controversial before, as it is a comparatively radical change considering China's very conservative society. Song Qingling has declared it a great victory for Women's rights in China, being the main reason [FNG.GetNameDef] implemented the policy in the first place.
A victory for women, a victory for democracy.
The Yellow River is Unleashed!
In a heinous attempt to stop the armies now sweeping their territory [QIE.GetNameDef] has done the unthinkable, and breached the Yellow River dykes near Zhengzhou. The ensuing wave of water rushed across Hebei, Daming, and Dezhou, carrying with it whole villages and towns. Hundreds of thousands are thought to have been drowned, and the catastrophic destruction of farmland threatens starvation for further millions.\n\nFaced by this indelible tragedy, the people of China must see that the sooner [QIE.GetNameDef] are gone, the better.
In a heinous attempt to stop the armies now sweeping their territory [QIE.GetNameDef] has done the unthinkable, and breached the Yellow River dykes near Zhengzhou. The ensuing wave of water rushed across Kaifeng, carrying with it whole villages and towns. Hundreds of thousands are thought to have been drowned, and the catastrophic destruction of farmland threatens starvation for further millions.\n\nFaced by this indelible tragedy, the people of China must see that the sooner [QIE.GetNameDef] are gone, the better.
In a heinous attempt to stop the armies now sweeping their territory [QIE.GetNameDef] has done the unthinkable, and breached the Yellow River dykes near Zhengzhou. The ensuing wave of water rushed across Hebei, Daming, and Dezhou, carrying with it whole villages and towns. Despite major evacuation efforts, thousands are thought to have been drowned, and the catastrophic destruction of farmland threatens starvation for many millions.\n\nFaced by this indelible tragedy, the people of China must see that the sooner [QIE.GetNameDef] are gone, the better.
In a heinous attempt to stop the armies now sweeping their territory [QIE.GetNameDef] has done the unthinkable, and breached the Yellow River dykes near Zhengzhou. The ensuing wave of water rushed across Kaifeng, carrying with it whole villages and towns. Despite major evacuation efforts, thousands are thought to have been drowned, and the catastrophic destruction of farmland threatens starvation for many millions.\n\nFaced by this indelible tragedy, the people of China must see that the sooner [QIE.GetNameDef] are gone, the better.
[QIE.GetLeader] is a monster!
The Loyalty of Workers Achieved
The [FNG.GetName] has finally achieved its goal of destroying the influence of unions, by using various means like union busting, anti-union propaganda, as well as increasing national control of key industry. The propaganda has instilled the belief that unions are just a way to divide this society, weakening us against the West, which most workers now finally believe in.
Unions divide the country in the face of foreign imperialism!
Reform of Command Structure Finished
The [FNG.GetName]'s massive reform of the command structure is finally finished, creating finally a centralised command structure in China, seen by the central government as paramount for preventing a new division of China in the future. While this has improved the army considerably in its efficiency, it is very unpopular among high-ranking generals as its removing their previous autonomy, same with warlords ruling in many parts of this nation.
China shall be united forever!
Our Enemies Make Ready for War!
According to our spies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], the [FROM.GetName] is preparing to declare war on us soon. This fight will be one for survival.
In the dead of night two trains, thirty four cars long, steamed through Huanggutun Station in Shenyang toward a staging area at Jinxi some 150 miles south. Two hours later another two trains passed, and by morning, ten in total. Our spies are certain now, a great mustering has begun beyond the Great Wall. Once again, Zhang Zuolin's armies are preparing to march south through the Shanhai Pass. Once again we must crush these northeastern dogs, as we did a decade ago, as did the dynasties of old.
Our spies in [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] report that the [FROM.GetName] is preparing to join the [FNG.GetName]'s war against us!
We have only a short time to prepare.
The [FROM.GetName] Calls for Aid!
News has come by telephone straight from [FROM.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName], our allies in the [FROM.GetName] are about to be attacked by [FNG.GetName]! Already their forces are mobilising, but they cannot confront this foe alone.
We must prepare!
The Matter of Occupation
Occupations are never easy or simple, but the average Chinese soldier is often little better than a bandit with marching orders. Already our troops have begun burning, looting, and defiling the same towns and villages that our government claims to be liberating. Some would say that we should let the troops have their fun, but now that Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin is again competing on the national stage he must consider his image. He was once a bandit himself, and many here in the south have a hard time showing respect to or taking orders from a former criminal. Already the elite have turned up their noses, and while force might be an easy answer, we do need these intellectuals, landlords, and businessmen to forward our greater aims. It is these figures through whom we must rule. Fortunately, our logistics system is sufficient to feed our soldiers, meaning our men are not looting for survival, but nonetheless they will be unhappy to be kept from what they see as their right by conquest.\n\nHere we must choose: The liberators or the liberated?
Let them have their fun.
We're not bandits anymore.
Feeding the North China Plain
As we extend our authority over newly reclaimed areas, we must ensure that they too do their part in the march toward reunification. Unfortunately, the North China Plain is densely populated and consumes more food than it produces, turning otherwise richly taxable land into a drain on our resources. Fortunately Manchuria is vast and fertile, and thanks to our decision not to push through the 'Soy Agricultural Initiative' we can afford to feed most of the population.
As we extend our authority over newly reclaimed areas, we must ensure that they too do their part in the march toward reunification. Unfortunately, the North China Plain is densely populated and consumes more food than it produces, turning otherwise richly taxable land into a drain on our resources. On the one hand, Manchuria is vast and fertile, and thanks to our decision not to push through the 'Soy Agricultural Initiative' we can afford to feed most of the population. On the other hand we are currently exporting all of our surplus grain to Japan to offset its current famine.\n\nHere we must choose: China or Japan? Do we put our own people first, or cower before Japanese martial supremacy?
As we extend our authority over newly reclaimed areas, we must ensure that they too do their part in the march toward reunification. Unfortunately, the North China Plain is densely populated and consumes more food than it produces, turning otherwise richly taxable land into a drain on our resources. Unfortunately, thanks to the Soy Agricultural Initiative, a great deal of Northeastern grain production has been replaced by soy cash crops. With barely enough food to feed the Northeast, we can't even begin to think about shipping food anywhere else.\n\nNorth China will have to endure a famine, one which will reflect poorly on our leadership.
Import grain from Manchuria
We need the grain, stop exporting to Japan.
We can't stand up to them.
Those damn soy beans!
Scandal in Beijing
A certain amount of looting was inevitable in Beijing. As the national capital for centuries, and home to generations of emperors, the wealth spread throughout the city's rampant bureaucracy has long been beyond measure. However, it is not material wealth that has seen the city now dragged into scandal. Supposedly some of our soldiers have been capturing the wives and concubines of government ministers and, after committing unspeakable acts, parading them through the city streets as trophies. To make matters worse, some have been placed on a makeshift scaffold and are being sold as if cattle to the highest bidder. In any disciplined army they would be executed for this behaviour, and we have made assurances as such to the local population, but there is every possibility that the matter will be brushed under the rug by local commanders.
A certain amount of looting was inevitable in Beijing. As the national capital for centuries, and home to generations of emperors, the wealth spread throughout the city's rampant bureaucracy has long been beyond measure. However, it is not material wealth that has seen the city now dragged into scandal. Supposedly some of our soldiers have been capturing the wives and concubines of government ministers and, after committing unspeakable acts, parading them through the city streets as trophies. To make matters worse, some were placed on a makeshift scaffold and are being sold as if cattle to the highest bidder. In any disciplined army they would be executed for this behaviour, and we have made assurances as such to the local population. Fortunately, thanks to our code of conduct and the quick reactions of a less tolerant commander the majority of these soldiers have been imprisoned and await punishment.
Outrageous!
Desecration in Yi County
Alarming news has emerged from Yi County in Zhili Province, where a number of Fengtian Army soldiers have blown open the entrance to several of the Western Qing Tombs. Ever since the vulgar desecration of Dowager Empress Cixi's resting place in 1928, by Zhang's indirect subordinate Sun Dianying no less, this subject has been used to damage the Grand Marshal's reputation in certain circles. With this new episode, so similar to the last, there may be no true recovery. The exact amount of wealth stolen from the tombs is unclear, but the soldiers involved disappeared into the reeds along Lake Baiyangdian, and the majority will likely make its way onto the black market soon.
Alarming news has emerged from Yi County in Zhili Province, where a number of Fengtian Army soldiers had reportedly begun placing dynamite at the entrance to the Western Qing Tombs. Ever since the vulgar desecration of Dowager Empress Cixi's resting place in 1928, by Zhang's indirect subordinate Sun Dianying no less, this subject has been used to damage the Grand Marshal's reputation in certain circles. With this new episode, so similar to the last, it is fortunate that a superior officer was able to prevent any serious damage. Regardless of the soldiers' supposedly republican intentions, it is important for the sake of national legitimacy that we respect our forebears. It is from their example of a single unified and unyielding China that we draw inspiration, if not practice.
Even monarchist history can be worth preserving!
Disorder at Baoding
Disturbing reports have begun to emerge from Baoding Military Academy, which a company of our soldiers recently captured and occupied. As a military target in which the enemy held out for over a week, damage to the building was expected, as was some degree of looting, but few expected to hear of our men killing one another over the spoils. Supposedly the institution's store of medals and rank insignia was discovered shortly after its capture, creating several self-declared colonels, majors, and generals, each belonging to a variety of self-awarded honourable orders. These men, completely ignorant of the actual standing granted by their regalia, began to fight over precedence. By the time troops arrived from elsewhere to relieve the actual commander, the upstart soldiers had split into a number of cliques occupying different parts of the academy, and several dozen were dead.
There can only be one Grand Marshal.
Order Returns to Zhili Province
After a wave of spontaneous and occasionally indiscriminate looting, burning, and other criminal behaviour by our troops, order has returned to Zhili Province. By and large, the soldiers simply burned themselves out. This episode will not be regarded highly by the peasants who bore the brunt of the violence, nor by landlords, business owners, or government officials. While this will eventually blur together with the rest of the atrocities of the warlord era, it will make governing the vast areas of newly conquered territory no easier.
After our troops swept across Zhili Province the majority of the population braced themselves for a wave of indiscriminate violence. But, despite a few unavoidable incidents, our troops have largely kept to the code of conduct set out by Marshal Zhang. Some stubborn figures have attributed the surprise to Fengtian's advanced system of logistics, which reduced the need for our armies to live off of the land, instead of praising Zhang himself. Still, even they cannot ignore results, and this performance will go a long way toward earning the nation's trust.
At least it's over.
Railway Chaos in Zhengzhou
Apparently, as soon as our troops seized Zhengzhou, they descended on its railway station. As the heart of the nation's railway network in wartime, and perhaps due our enemies' dogged attempts to defend it, the tracks were crowded with rolling stock - full to the brim with refugee belongings and war materiel. The subsequent orgy of looting has seen railway traffic in the area backed up for days, as every last car has been ransacked, and while we have seized a certain amount of military equipment from the cars, the majority are now wrecked and unusable. It will take a long time to clear them from the railway, and longer still for the city's former residents to forget the blatant theft of their belongings.
Apparently, as soon as our troops seized Zhengzhou, they descended on its railway station. As the heart of the nation's railway network in wartime, and perhaps due our enemies' dogged attempts to defend it, the tracks were crowded with rolling stock - full to the brim with refugee belongings and war materiel. Looting began almost immediately, but fortunately some of our officers were able to limit the activity to only half of the rail cars, with the officers themselves taking only a further quarter. Consequently what might have turned into a logistical disaster, where looted rolling stock blocked the tracks for days, became a relatively orderly affair that left at least something behind for the city's residents.
What's left?
Bandits against Bandits
Our troops recently seized Luoyang alongside most of Henan Province's major cities, but securing the countryside has proven another matter. Banditry has long history in Henan, and despite nearly a decade of Zhili rule this problem never truly went away. The majority were simply incorporated into Wu Peifu's armies. Now they are sweeping across the province's rural regions, and having 'defected' to our side, are claiming the spoils of a war they never won.\n\nOur own troops, feeling cheated, are now engaging in competitive looting and destruction, occasionally escalating into localised but coordinated battles. The planned arrival of some more orderly troops to the area ought to calm tensions so that the actual bandits can be rounded up, but the damage is already done. The combined destruction is being compared to a natural disaster.
Our troops recently seized Luoyang alongside most of Henan Province's major cities, but securing the countryside has proven another matter. Banditry has long history in Henan, and despite nearly a decade of Zhili rule this problem never truly went away. The majority were simply incorporated into Wu Peifu's armies. Now they are sweeping across the province's rural regions, and having 'defected' to our side, have begun claiming the spoils of a war they never won.\n\nOur own troops have stepped in to quell the violence, but thoroughly combing Henan's hills and riversides will take time and energy; neither of which our troops would prefer to spend. In all likelihood bandit activity will resume again some time in the future, and everything already stolen is now in the hands of our own troops.
Bandits everywhere!
Order Returns to Henan Province
After transportation chaos, endemic violence, and a wave of all too familiar banditry, Henan province has settled back into relative normality. Times are still hard for the average peasant, and brigands still roam the hills, but by and large our own troops have burned themselves out and settled down. Henan in particular has seen its fair share of famine, violence, and other tragedy, in which this may be little more than a historical footnote, but for the lives it touched, and certainly the lives it claimed, the events of [GetYear] will never be forgotten.
After some inevitable violence, and a wave of all too familiar banditry, Henan has settled back into relative normality. The province is no stranger to tragedy, and so the relatively decent conduct of our troops throughout has turned some heads. Local business owners, landlords, and government officials appreciate our soldiers' restraint, and it's their support that will be essential to governing the province in the future.
At least it's over.
Destruction in Wuhan
Victory in Wuhan
China's republican dream was born in Wuhan, and today we are its torchbearers. Sadly revolutionary ideals were far from the minds of our soldiers who, after encountering unexpected resistance in Wuchang, proceeded to run wild through the city, looting indiscriminately. By the time order was restored, the docks, wharfs, and all manner of river-side businesses were reduced to ashes, along with sizeable residential areas. What might have otherwise served as political victory became a political defeat, and a mark of shame.\n\nOn a more positive note, our troops were able to recover a stockpile of equipment from the now abandoned Hanyang Arsenal, though it is suspected that a certain number of weapons were siphoned away and onto the black market.
China's republican dream was born in Wuhan, and today we are its torchbearers. Fortunately this seems to have been on the minds of our soldiers when entering the city, which survived the fighting relatively unharmed, especially as looting was limited. After fighting their way across the North China Plain, it seems our troops have begun to acknowledge the benefits of a grateful populace. Our army, consisting as it does of so many former bandits and vagabonds, may never change completely, but today's relative restraint is a step forward.\n\nTo add to the good news, our troops have recovered a stockpile of equipment from the now abandoned Hanyang Arsenal.
Shameful
What a relief!
Disaster at the Daye Mines
Ore has been mined at Daye for over two thousand years, and today iron from its depths feeds the fires of modern industry in Wuhan, Hubei, and the Lower Yangtze. This did nothing to stop our soldiers, who upon hearing rumours that gold was to be found there, plundered the mine and, in their disappointment at finding nothing of the sort, collapsed its entrance - trapping over one hundred miners inside. A rescue effort has been proposed, but such expense is widely considered wasted on common labourers. Those responsible for the disaster, meanwhile, have deserted and are nowhere to be found.
Begin rescue operations.
Life is cheap.
Tragedy in the Mines
Miners Rescued in Daye
By the time our men broke through to the trapped miners in Daye, all had perished. While this is certainly not the outcome we were hoping for, the fact that our men tried at all has been received well by the local community, and more importantly by national newspapers.
Thanks to an old O&K steam shovel brought over from a neighbouring mine, our soldiers were able to break through in time to rescue dozens of miners. Despite their initial reservations, the men seem to feel that the heartfelt gratitude of the labourers and their families made it well worth the effort, and praise by national newspapers has offset most political fallout from the disaster itself.\n\nTo add to the positive turn of events, an assortment of weapons crates were brought up by the grateful miners, which had apparently been stashed there during the enemy's retreat not so long ago.
What a waste.
Wansui!
Remember the Experience in Ju
The years since the formation of our Government have laid for us a solid foundation for national regeneration. We fear no problems, nor are we concerned over impending dangers. We merely lament the fate of the South, the freedom of which was originally brought about by the hard efforts and sacrifices of reformist patriots, and which has since been erased by the old and outmoded forms of government. Today, her people are powerless, and her rulers without integrity, thus allowing the slow degradation of the national condition, and the return to a state of total subservience to Western nations. These old ways are sapping China's national strength, shaking her national foundations, and subjugating her people.\n\nIt is thus that we find ourselves in the North, as the final bastion of all that our predecessors struggled to build, and the bearers of the future of a new China. The regressive [QIE.GetAdjective] government likes to say that, by fortifying the Northeast, we are 'digging a hole to die in'. To this I say 'Forget not what happened in Ju'. It was to Ju that the State of Qi retreated, and from there that it reconquered all that it had lost. When the time is right, the Northeast will be our Ju, and the whole of China will be our Qi. Our victory is inevitable, long live the Republic!
Wansui!
The Grand Marshal's Proclamation
An old proverb says: 'Virtue never lacks company; it will ever find support.' The forces of justice will rise, and men of goodwill ultimately cooperate in the interests of rectitude. There is little question that the regressive and illegitimate [QIE.GetAdjective] government stands in the way of progress, oppressing and subjugating the Chinese people, and I have received every assurance that our allies will stand with us to end this injustice. On our part, we should hold fast, fix our eyes steadfastly on our goal, and be firm in our determination. The entire Northeast should carry on with oneness of heart. The final victory will be ours. I urge my ministers, our army, and our people to redouble their efforts in order to attain success.\n\nIt is in this spirit, that I proclaim the beginning of the Year of Righteous Effort, a full three hundred and sixty five days of strenuous national effort, from which we shall emerge as a force unstoppable in the pursuit of our goal. And, when this year is done, the Five Colour Flag will fly high again in Beijing, and the [QIE.GetAdjective] government will be nothing but ash in the winds of history. Ten thousand years to the Republic! Zhonghua Mingguo Wansui!
Wansui!
Zhang Zuolin's Gambit
Although Marshal Zhang agreed to sign Tokyo's Treaties of Friendship upon his return to Beijing, Japan always suspected that perhaps he was hoping to renegotiate the concessions after unification was carried out. Tokyo had hoped to keep Marshal Zhang's government paralysed from attempting renegotiation through the Pro-Japanese Front, but it seems that the Old Marshal has mustered enough political momentum within his halls of power to send our ambassador notice of his intent to renegotiate China's continued status within the Co-Prosperity Sphere.\n\nIn exchange for maintaining the current alliance with Tokyo, Zhang wishes for the return of all concessions, the dismantling of extra-territoriality, the withdrawal of Japanese forces in China, and the de facto nationalisation of Mantetsu and other Japanese companies in China. While Japan will continue to enjoy the fruits of its economic investments, its previous privileged status will be greatly undone. Although Marshal Zhang's proposal is full of cordial language, it is clear to Tokyo that refusal will result in the Anguojun Government taking decisive action to secure their interests. Marshal Zhang's offer has infuriated many in the Japanese Government, though others recognise that war with a united China will be a costly endeavour that may not develop to Japan's favour.
Punish this utter insolence!
Well played, Marshal Zhang.
Japan Accepts Our Demands!
Immediately after Marshal Zhang had sent out his new offer for the new Sino-Japanese partnership, he had also mobilised the Northeast Army to prepare along the Yalu River, and his forces within China proper to watch the Japanese concessions, in the event of Tokyo's retaliation. Much to Zhang's pleasant surprise, it seems that Tokyo has capitulated to all of his demands and has begun pulling out all forces from China.\n\nVarious Japanese companies operating within China have also reached out to Beijing, following Zhang's stipulations for de-facto nationalisation. For the first time in decades, China's cities and railroads are fully its own, and the nation has finally emerged from the Century of Humiliation. Marshal Zhang and his Fengtian Clique have secured China's future and independence through the pen, and will continue leading the Middle Kingdom into a new epoch of greatness!
A more equal relationship, at last.
Attacks on the South Manchuria Railway
Left to their own devices for over two weeks, the loyalists in Harbin launched a series of coordinated attacks along the South Manchurian Railway. Fortunately some of our commanders acted on their own initiative and, with help from Japanese Railway Zone guards, were able to limit the damage and push the outnumbered enemy back into the city.\n\nWhat followed was a brutal street-by-street fight across the city, one which the loyalists had obviously prepared for, and our casualties mounted quickly. In a final act of defiance, the enemy detonated explosives inside several factories, but by daybreak silence ruled the city - broken only by occasional gunshots marking the executions of survivors.\n\nHarbin is ours once again.
At least they're dealt with.
A Meeting with Merchants
The Fengtian Chamber of Commerce represents the interests of numerous merchants in Shenyang and across the Northeast, most of whom are responsible for the proper functioning of our economy - at least those parts of it still outside Japanese hands. Their bargaining power is considerable, and with new authorities in the capital, they are hoping for a new deal that better serves themselves.\n\nZhang Zuolin famously shot several merchants and bankers for refusing him favourable terms, but doing the same now would set a poor precedent for our new administration - one supposedly introducing order and civilisation to a war-weary China.\n\nHowever, it would set an equally bad precedent to accept terms worse than our predecessor.
Perhaps we can grease some palms.
Maybe Zhang had the right idea.
Never mind for now.
Restoring Order to Manchuria
Despite the death of 'Grand Marshal' Zhang Zuolin, some of his legacy yet remains. Various civilian authorities across the region have either ignored or refused the order to recognise our new administration, and some still loyal to his cause have reportedly been coalescing in Harbin - perhaps to make a last stand.\n\nFor the time being our resources will be more limited than we might prefer, and we should focus our efforts on returning control and good government to Manchuria. The last remnants of Zhang's government must be swept away.
Onward!
Pressing North
With the threat at Harbin eliminated, our Japanese advisors have recommended that we advance north along the railway. These frigid regions of Manchuria, themselves as large as some European countries put together, were beyond even Zhang Zuolin's direct control at times and again prove troublesome.\n\nOur greatest concern, however, ought to be the Russians, who have on occasion tested our borders and notoriously covet the Chinese Eastern Railway - seized from them over a decade ago. The Japanese want the Russians checked at the Amur.
It will be done.
[FNG.GetLeader] Requests Assistance with Bandits
Manchuria has long been plagued by bandits, particularly in its sparsely settled northern frontier. A certain amount of this activity is considered normal, but apparently [FNG.GetLeader] has asked for our assistance in dealing with a particularly frustrating group of bandits. The Kwantung Army has recommended deploying a contingent of its South Manchuria Railway Guard, but the Foreign Ministry feels that such a large commitment risks an unforeseen incident. Our troops have been known to shoot first and ask questions later. Others ask why we should involve ourselves in something that, after all, ought to be [FNG.GetLeader]'s responsibility.
Deploy the Railway Guard.
Provide weapons and reconnaissance.
This is beneath us.
Japan Deploys the Railway Guard!
When we requested Japanese help, we didn't necessarily anticipate the deployment of the Kwantung Army's South Manchurian Railway Guard, which has begun a sweeping anti-bandit operation in [GetHonghuziLocation], complete with aerial reconnaissance. This show of force is clearly upstaging our own efforts, and already many of our generals are insisting that we mount our own expedition in response.\n\nBefore being shouted down as 'cowards', a few quieter voices suggested that both forces operating in the field together could spark an unforeseen unfortunate incident.
We won't be outplayed by the Japanese!
Let's not take any risks.
The Honghuzi in [GetHonghuziLocation] Melt Away
Despite our best efforts, Zhang Haitian and his Honghuzi have disappeared into the Manchurian wilderness. Some reports suggest he crossed the Amur just south of Aigun, seeking refuge across the Russian border. Others believe the bandit chief himself is dead, killed by some insubordinate, leaving the once thousands-strong gang to disperse; its members once again content with routine theft and extortion. All agree, however; if the Old North Wind is alive, he'll likely return in due time.
Then let us hope he is dead.
The [GetFNGJAPClashTown] Incident
A deeply regrettable incident has occurred in the vicinity of [GetFNGJAPClashTown], in [GetHonghuziLocation] Province. Apparently mistaken for bandits, a contingent of our expedition were fired upon by the Japanese SMR Railway Guard. Hardly expecting the Honghuzi to have artillery, our men were closely encamped and subsequently blown to bits by the Japanese bombardment. Hearing the commotion from a distance, our other nearby forces broke off their anti-bandit operations, and flew into a rage when they discovered the scene of the massacre - attacking Japanese positions almost immediately.\n\nWhen order was restored, it was discovered that, amid the chaos, the Honghuzi had made a daring raid on the Japanese encampment and stolen several hundred rifles. Considering this series of disasters, both our own forces and the Japanese Railway Guard have decided to break off the search for the time-being.
What a mess...
Japan Provides Weapons and Reconnaissance
In answer to our request for assistance with our bandit problem, the Kwantung Army has delivered a mix of weapons and other supplies to aid our efforts. Most useful of all is their offer to run a series of reconnaissance flights over [GetHonghuziLocation], as their aerial optics are far in advance of our own. This should substantially boost the chances of our expedition's success.
Great news!
Japan Refuses Involvement
The Japanese have refused any involvement in our anti-bandit operations, considering the matter 'beneath them'. Should we proceed anyway?
Call it off.
We'll do it ourselves.
[FNG.GetLeader] Requests Assistance Again
We have been asked, once again, to assist the Fengtian Government in its struggle to deal with what ought to be a routine matter; the pacification of China's seemingly endemic bandits. It seems that the group giving [FNG.GetLeader] an unusual amount of trouble is led by one 'Lao Beifeng', or 'Old North Wind', who has proven difficult in the past and is now raiding [GetHonghuziLocation].\n\nShould we commit ourselves to this venture?
We have been asked, once again, to assist the Fengtian Government in its struggle to deal with what ought to be a routine matter; the pacification of China's seemingly endemic bandits. It seems that the group giving [FNG.GetLeader] an unusual amount of trouble is led by one 'Lao Beifeng', or 'Old North Wind', who has proven difficult in the past and is now raiding [GetHonghuziLocation].\n\nGiven the Railway Guard's last disastrous deployment, we have been urged to consider other less overt options.
Deploy the Railway Guard.
Provide weapons and reconnaissance.
We are not at [FNG.GetLeader]'s beck and call.
Bandits Crushed by the Railway Guard!
The Kwantung Army has announced the successful conclusion of an anti-bandit operation in the vicinity of [GetFNGJAPClashTown] in [GetHonghuziLocation] Province. Though we must take the Japanese at their word, there is every reason to believe that the threat posed by this unusually bold and aggressive band of Honghuzi has ended. It is unfortunate that the Japanese will be able to claim most, if not all, of the credit for the operation. At least any risk of a clash between our own forces and theirs has been successfully avoided, and we can be reasonably certain of no future attacks.
The Kwantung Army has announced the successful conclusion of an anti-bandit operation in [GetHonghuziLocation] Province, Manchuria. We have rendered the aid requested by [FNG.GetLeader], and shown the necessity of our continued presence in the region. Truly, the Japanese soldier must now represent peace and order in a troubled land!
Thus to all bandits!
Thus to all bandits!
A Regrettable Incident
An unfortunate incident has occurred near [GetFNGJAPClashTown], in [GetHonghuziLocation], Manchuria. It seems the SMR Railway Guard we deployed mistook Fengtian Government forces for bandits and opened fire with artillery, leading to heavy casualties. Our soldiers were then attacked by [FNG.GetLeader]'s men, causing further unnecessary destruction, all while actual bandits raided our forward operating camp and stole several hundred weapons.\n\nThe Railway Guard cannot be blamed for this disaster, given that [FNG.GetLeader]'s Chinese rabble is indistinguishable from bandits, and the Kwantung Army has already offered an apology for their interference in our operation. For now, it is at an end.
What a mess...
The Honghuzi Disappear
Despite everyone's best efforts, the Honghuzi plaguing [FNG.GetNameDef] have apparently disappeared into the Manchurian wilderness. Some reports suggest they crossed the Amur just south of Aigun, seeking refuge across the Russian border. Others believe the leading bandit chief is dead, killed by some insubordinate, leaving the once thousands-strong gang to disperse; its members once again content with routine theft and extortion.\n\nFor the time-being our interests in Manchuria are again safe from this particular breed of marauding bandit.
Good news.
Success in Manchuria
Reports from Manchuria indicate that [FNG.GetName] forces finally located and eliminated the bandits causing them so much trouble. The region should now be a safer place to do business.
Good news.
An End to the Protests
In recent days, the Kwantung Army, or perhaps some bureaucrat in Tokyo, decided that the continued protests across Manchuria ran contrary to Japanese national interests. This morning, squads of Japanese soldiers deployed to neighbourhoods across Shenyang, Harbin, Changchun, and Jilin.\n\nThe firing began around noon and continued well into the evening. Those who attempted to interfere, including some of our own soldiers and police, were summarily executed, and the bodies, of all shapes and sizes, were left scattered throughout the cities' streets.\n\nMost of our men stood aside as ordered, and the Japanese authorities seem pleased. The message could not have been more clear.
They were only doing their jobs.
Jubilation over the return of the Legation Cities
With the return of Shanghai and the other former 'Legation Cities' to our rightful rule, the people of China have [FNG.GetLeader] to thank. The news has already spread far and wide, greatly improving our legitimacy.
A glorious day for China!
The Five Colour Flag flies in Qingdao!
For the first time this century Qingdao lies solidly in Chinese hands, thanks to our strenuous patriotic efforts. The people of China have much to celebrate!
Wansui!
Macau is returned to China!
For the first time in nearly five centuries Macau has been returned to China! Celebrations are in order, and our legitimacy in the eyes of the Chinese people can only grow!
At last!
Involve Japan in the Reclamation War?
Despite [FNG.GetLeader]'s many promises to march past the Great Wall and begin a war of National Reclamation, much time has passed with little to no change in our situation. The ancient city of Beijing lies mere miles from our borders, yet with each passing day, the possibility that we may ever set foot there grows more and more distant, fading as our enemies grow stronger. Though Zhang has insisted that he is simply waiting for the right time to strike, many fear that such a time will never come, and have urged the man to play his ultimate trump card - the Empire of Japan.\n\nEven if the Japanese do not fully trust us, and we do not fully trust them, the prospect of a [608.Owner.GetAdjective] dominated China for the foreseeable future is a difficult one to swallow for the both us. Members of the Shikan Clique have encouraged [FNG.GetLeader] to secretly contact Japan to ask them that they join the National Reclamation War on our side - we may not be able to defeat [608.Owner.GetNameDef] alone, but they would sure fall before the might of a combined Fengtian-Japanese army. Of course, this proposition comes with the risk of destroying our legitimacy to the people, but we may not have a choice....
We have no choice - contact Japan
This is a Chinese affair!
[FNG.GetLeader] Asks Us to Join Their War
Forced into Manchuria in the aftermath of the Shanghai Conference, [FNG.GetLeader] has long planned to march south of the Great Wall and reclaim China, yet it seems his plans have run into obstacle after obstacle - most recently, the growing strength of [608.Owner.GetNameDef]. Now, with his enemies growing stronger by the day, Zhang has reached out to us to gain our involvement in a war against [608.Owner.GetNameDef]. Even if [FNG.GetNameDef] lacks the strength to defeat the [608.Owner.GetAdjective] by themselves, they would surely be crushed by our forces combined.\n\nThe Army and Foreign Ministry have, in a rare moment of unity, both urged our government to accept Zhang's proposal. The warlord's ambitions have caused countless issues for Japanese governments in the past, and the long-term prospect of a [608.Owner.GetAdjective] dominated China bodes ill for our interests. If we could bring [FNG.GetLeader] to fight along our side, we would be solving both issues in one fell stroke. Many, however, have also been highly critical of our chances in such a war. We may simply be signing a suicide pact by agreeing to this proposal.
We will fight together
Gomenasorry...
Japan Agrees To Join Our War
The Empire of Japan has agreed to join the war when it begins on our side. There is no turning back now...
Excellent...
Japan Refuses To Join Our War!
The Empire of Japan has refused to join our war when it begins! They have instead urged us continue to wait for the 'right moment' and simply reassured us of our safety in Manchuria. It seems we will have to do this without them... one day.
We'll reclaim China without them!
[FNG.GetLeader] Goes To War
[FNG.GetLeader] has begun his war of National Reclamation against [608.Owner.GetNameDef]. We had promised him that we would fight along his side when the day came - the time has come to honour that commitment.
To arms!
A letter from Yu Xuezhong
Today, the Grand Marshal received a letter with a pleading and humble request from an ex-enemy general, asking for a military position in the Fengtian army so that he may sustain his living. Contemporarily speaking, the Marshal would not have even bothered to read such a letter, but the signature peaked his attention with great interest, as it reminded the Grand Marshal of his early ages. Having unsealed it with great care on his desk.\n\nThis letter is from Yu Xuezhong, a former Zhili general known for being an outstanding defensive commander, who returned to his hometown Penglai as a jobless man; what matters to the Grand Marshal is that he is the son of Yu Wenfu who recruited and promoted Zhang Zuolin in the Yi Army in 1894. This paved the way for Zhang to move through the hierarchy as a strong man from the Northeast, and to a certain extent, it can be said that without Yu, the Grand Marshal may have remained a poor and unknown ordinary man in this chaotic era. After looking back to his past quietly and recalling his early life in his residence alone amidst the night, the Grand Marshal decided to pay this debt of gratitude whilst recruiting an able commander, he wrote...
\
\
The [FNG_zhifeng_war_name]
Tensions in China have remained high since 1927, when the German intervention brought the twenty-year conflict between the various factions to a temporary stand-still. Over the last decade, however, both the Fengtian government in Manchuria and the [608.Owner.GetAdjective] in Beijing have consolidated and built their forces. The stage is set for the most dramatic confrontation in over ten years.\n\nWhichever side emerges victorious, however, will not be alone. Japan and Germany still loom large over the region, as the Land of the Rising Sun greedily eyes Germany's possessions in the Pacific, and the victor of this war will no doubt have a part to play in that conflict as well.
The battle begins.
Encryption Codes Leaked!
Although our encryption is by no means as advanced as that in the West, or even Japan, it still helps ensure vital information doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Unfortunately, Wang Yintai seems to have mislaid his copy of our codebook while staying at the Palace Hotel in Shanghai. Subsequently, much of our intelligence network and all of our encrypted communications are now compromised. While a new system could be implemented in short enough order in some countries, backward governance and the Northeast's sheer size means that doing so could take over two months.\n\nIf we're lucky the code book will go undiscovered for that span of time, but that seems unlikely.
Although our encryption is by no means as advanced as that in the West, or even Japan, it still helps ensure vital information doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Unfortunately, general Tang Yulin seems to have lost his copy of our codebook during a lavish party in his estate in Chengde. Subsequently, much of our intelligence network and all of our encrypted communications are now compromised. While a new system could be implemented in short enough order in some countries, backward governance and the Northeast's sheer size means that doing so could take weeks.\n\nIf we're lucky the code book will go undiscovered for that span of time, but that seems unlikely.
Although our encryption is by no means as advanced as that in the West, or even Japan, it still helps ensure vital information doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Unfortunately, Ruan Zhenduo seems to have lost his copy of our codebook while conducting diplomatic business in Tokyo. Subsequently, much of our intelligence network and all of our encrypted communications are now compromised. While a new system could be implemented in short enough order in some countries, backward governance and the Northeast's sheer size means that doing so could weeks.\n\nAlso, due to Ruan's political leanings, there have already been accusations that this 'accidental' incident was in fact entirely deliberate. While there is no proof one way or the other, it seems likely that Japan will not take kindly to Ruan's treatment, should we choose to remove him.
Such is fate...
Remove him from office!
Expel the Japanese Bandits!
The time has come to declare our independence, drive the Japanese intruders from China, and end a century of unbearable national humiliation! We will naturally be deprived of foreign material support, but the Chinese people now rally behind us. Onward! Zhonghua Mingguo Wansui!
Wansui!
Mantetsu Influence
Mantetsu's economic influence spreads across the country and through the assembly. While the government is, for now, committed to privately resisting, their efforts seem to grow weaker by the day.
A necessary evil?
Pervasive Mantetsu Influence
Our factories rumble with activity, churning out weapons, supplies, and every-day conveniences at an astounding rate. None of this would be possible without Japan, but whispers of discontent abound. Who are we fighting for, China or Japan? Is the Republic really being strengthened, or instead brought to its knees by foreign exploitation? Is this truly necessary?
How much further can this go?
Mantetsu Dominance
Japanese expertise and Mantetsu's influence propels Fengtian forward in ways previously thought impossible, but for all intents and purposes most meaningful control has passed from the hands of the Assembly to Japan. [FNG.GetLeader], for better or worse, stands alone before Mantetsu's overwhelming power in the country. It will be up to him to determine the path forward, if there is even one to be found, even as the legitimacy of the government collapses about him.
These are dire times.
Disastrous Governance
With the power of other factions receding, the Recovery League has found itself in an unprecedented position of strength. However, the League is a far cry from the political party it is often believed to be, lacking functional leadership and clear direction at its higher levels; its lower levels falling prey to various special interests and personal squabbles. The result is a government unable to govern, and while the Grand Marshal is able to use his extensive powers to ensure continued order, this and the League's unscrupulous actions tear at the government's already thin veil of legitimacy.\n\nThe balance must be restored if the country is to prosper.
Things are spiralling out of control...
Zhang Clique Dominance
With the power of Zhang's loyalists and immediate subordinates reaching levels unseen since the establishment of the Fengtian Government, its other political factions have begun to turn to unconventional means to stave off a total dictatorship.\n\nAt the Communication's Clique's behest, trains have stopped running on time and telegraph messages disappear, while the Japanese have stepped up both political and economic pressure to aid the Concordia Association. Even the Recovery League, usually considered politically impotent, has staged protests, rallied by a cause célèbre.\n\nThe situation is worsened by the Zhang Clique's now frequent abuses of power and attempts to retaliate through force. Though he has more power than ever before, the Grand Marshal must surely rein in his followers for the greater good of the nation.
Things are spiralling out of control...
Plutocratic Exploitation
Though few might have predicted it years earlier, the Communications Clique finds itself as the most powerful faction in government, though this dominance conceals a power structure built upon nothing more than a controlling interest in infrastructure and abundant capital. Thus, Liang and his party lack a broad base of support or the means to render this absence irrelevant. Already the other factions push back as the Clique abuses its power; reaching for further control but sabotaging the national interest in the process.\n\nThis unbalanced situation cannot last forever.
Things are spiralling out of control...
Anti-Japanese Protests
Angered by Japan's increasing control over our country, protests have broken out in Shenyang, Harbin, and Changchun. Police and military units are already on site, containing the protests, but the damage is already done.
Major Anti-Japanese Protests
Angered by the overwhelming control over our country by Japan and Mantetsu, protests have broken out across the country. Police and military units are already on site, but they seem unwilling to truly press the crowds. While the protests ought to die down in a few days, they seem unlikely to end unless major changes occur.
Unfortunate.
Creeping Mantetsu Influence
As it has done for years, Mantetsu continues its slow but sure efforts to dominate our economy, investing in businesses, buying others up, and diversifying across the industrial sector.\n\nGiven enough time, it seems as if the whole country might be swallowed up, unless a final and decisive break is made with Japan.
This must be resisted.
The Generals Grow Restless
Worried by their diminishing influence in the Assembly, and throughout the government, powerful members among the Zhang Clique have begun voicing their discontent, claiming that if they so desired, the entire assembly could be dissolved in minutes by force of arms. These statements have been reinforced by a slow but steady increase in the capital's garrison, which would almost certainly overwhelmingly side with their patron generals in the event of any political upheaval.
Worrying...
Railway and Telegraph Mysteries
Ministers and other government officials have strangely found themselves immensely inconvenienced as of late, with telegrams going missing or relayed to the wrong people, secrets uttered only over the telephone suddenly becoming public, and trains mysteriously arriving chronically late. Of course, many are well aware that this is merely the Communications Clique showing its discontent with its recent diminishing influence, and it seems likely that these measures it has taken will reinforce its necessity to the government's effective functioning.
Such is politics.
Communications Clique Leads Railroad Strikes
The Communications Clique, with its widespread influence in Chinese-owned Manchurian railroads like the CER, has resorted to encouraging union activity and strikes to compensate for its recent losses of influence in government. The Clique will likely only go so far, for risk of creating something it cannot control, but their methods have already been fairly successful in demonstrating their political and economic clout.
Troubling.
The Shenyang Conference
As it stands, [QIE.GetNameDef] presents the most powerful obstacle against our ambitions for China and Asia as a whole. Although we have the means to defeat them alone, it would certainly be a daunting and costly task. Worse yet, we run a significant risk of being seen as Japan's crony if we go at it alone, allowing [QIE.GetLeader] to rally the other warlords against us. We must not allow this to happen.\n\nIn order to show to our friends in Asia that we're a legitimate power when we stand up to [QIE.GetNameDef], we have organised a conference to be held in Shenyang where we'll form a coalition against them. Not only will this strengthen our position, but it will also prove our legitimacy to the world.
We have been forced to already commence our Reclamation War against [QIE.GetNameDef], even though not all of our allies may have been ready. However, some may yet be swayed to our side during this conflict. We must reach out to the Anqing Clique to the south, which has just come out victorious against the League and hope to immediately get them to join our side. We cannot afford the resources now to aid them in reconstruction, as we are already occupied with the war.
Send the invitations.
Invited to the Shenyang Conference
Today we formally received an invitation to the Shenyang Conference hosted by [From.GetNameDef]. Its goal is to allow us to improve our coordination in future conflicts and create a broader cooperation between [From.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] and the other powers across China. As we have nothing to lose by accepting their friendly invitation and participating in the conference, we will accept and attend.
We have received an invitation to the Shenyang Conference hosted by [From.GetNameDef]. They hope to discuss important issues related to us joining their Reclamation War against [QIE.GetNameDef], which has already begun. As they aided us in our conflict to reunite the Five Provinces, we should hear them out. They have also let us know they currently cannot spare any resources to aid us in our reconstruction, as they are fully occupied with the war.
Send a delegation.
[FROM.GetName] Agrees to the Conference
Good news! [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has replied to our invitation and they have agreed to attend the Conference. We can expect their delegation to arrive soon.
Good news! [FROM.GetNameDefCap] has replied to our invitation and they have agreed to attend the Conference. We can expect their delegation to arrive soon. However, we must note that their current loyalties lie with [ANQ.GetLeader] as Anqing took Shandong in the League War and turned them into a puppet. They have promised the province to us once the war begins, however.
Excellent.
Negotiations with the Federalists?
Our current diplomatic position leaves much to be desired. Besides Japan, we have no natural allies in the region that would be able to cooperate with us against [QIE.GetNameDef]. This leaves us with the unorthodox but still present possibility of approaching the Federalists to support us. While they are anything but insignificant, we certainly have our fair share of ideological differences. Be that as it may - if we can bridge them, they could become a potent ally in the conflict ahead.
While we have gained ground with our recent diplomatic efforts, the question of whether or not to engage the Federalists has been raised by some of our advisors. While we have our fair share of ideological differences, they argue that our growing strength and influence should allow us to overcome this hurdle and add another ally to our ranks. Thanks to our other successes however, we could always decline to do so and spare ourselves from their inevitable demands.
Let's try to find common ground.
Don't bother.
An Offer from [FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDef]
Today we received a message from [FROM.GetNameDef] stating their wish to discuss possible cooperation against [QIE.GetNameDef]. While we don't see eye to eye on a lot of issues, we can perhaps attribute their more welcoming tone to the broader isolation that they're experiencing. Given their lack of allies in the region, attending would allow us to encourage them to agree to sorely needed reforms in exchange for our helping hand. How should we reply?
In a rather surprising development, [FROM.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] has invited us to attend their conference in Shenyang. Their goal is to create a broad coalition against [QIE.GetNameDef]. So far, they seem to have had some success in bringing the other warlords on board. Perhaps if we attended, we could get them to agree to undertake some sorely needed reforms. How should we respond to their invitation?
Very well, let's go to Shenyang.
We don't trust them.
[From.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Agrees to the Conference
Good news! [From.GetLeader] has replied to our invitation to attend the Shenyang Conference. He has agreed to attend the conference and we should expect a Federalist delegation to arrive in short order.
Excellent.
[From.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Refuses our Offer
Perhaps unsurprisingly, [From.GetLeader] has refused our olive branch. In the letter he sent in reply to our invitation, he cited the Japanese influence as the primary reason, claiming that he doubted our ability to speak for ourselves rather than simply doing Tokyo's bidding.
Their loss.
Start of the Shenyang Conference
Delegates have arrived in Shenyang to discuss [From.GetNonIdeologyNameDef]'s initiative against the regime. A brief opening ceremony was held, culminating in an introductory speech by Zhang Zuolin. Everyone's in good spirits, though no one doubts the diplomatic challenges that lie ahead.
Let's begin.
Heated Discussions
Everyone knew that [ANQ.GetLeader] and [SHD.GetLeader] would have a hard time cooperating given their mutual dislike. Unfortunately, they've allowed their private disagreements to become a public dispute, which has now disrupted the talks. Zhang Zongchang in particular has caused a scene as his mannerisms and blatant disrespect for authority are enough to make even the most hardened warlord raise an eyebrow. We can only hope that this won't set a trend as the conference goes on.
Cut it out, both of you!
Federalists Press for Reforms
As expected from the Federalists, [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetLeader] has been attempting to pressure Zhang Zuolin to adopt reforms. The aim of these would be the gradual liberalisation of [From.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] and ideally - for him - that these reforms at the head would trickle down to influence the other warlords as well. It's clear that the Federalists aren't prepared to support Zhang without getting something in return.
Make vague promises.
The Anti-Concessionist Question
Fierce opponents of the Concessions to the colonial powers, the [ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] delegation has been actively pressuring Fengtian to accept a firm stance against the Concessions. Zhang Zuolin has been reluctant to make any definitive pledges on the matter so far, but that hasn't made the issue go away. It's evident that this won't last long if the conference is to move forward.
Fierce opponents of the Concessions to the colonial powers, the [ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] delegation has been actively pressuring Fengtian to accept a firm stance against the Concessions. They've been supported in this endeavour by the Federalists, who are equally defiant against the Concessions albeit from a more liberal position. While Zhang Zuolin has been reluctant to state an official position on the matter so far, he's likely to be forced to do so soon. As the influence that the two Chens wield is gaining momentum, this issue isn't likely to go away.
They might have a point...
[ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] and [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] Find Common Ground
United by a staunch Anti-Concessionist platform, the two Chens of [ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] and [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] have formed what's essentially a bloc in the conference. With broad support for their positions, Zhang Zuolin's undeclared position is becoming more and more untenable by the hour.
This may be a problem.
Zongchang's Drunken Rants
After drinking Sake by what we can only assume to be the barrel-load, [SHD.GetLeader] has created a scene today as he slurred and yelled his way through a drunken tirade. What little could be understood of his ravings were nothing short of a love letter to Japan with only his love for Japanese booze and women being comprehended by the hostage audience, if only through repetition. Most of Zhang's incomprehensible ravings were, for better or for worse, impossible to understand, which may have been a blessing in disguise.\n\nAfter creating a spectacular scene, he got up on his chair and put one boot down on the table. Before he could be made to sit down again, he declared a toast to Japan, with the rest of his speech sounded more like a man struggling to hold back vomit than actual words. To say that this has created a negative atmosphere among the conference attendants would be the understatement of the decade.
Stop embarrassing us!
Yang Yuting Urges Caution
With Anti-Concessionist sentiments rising, Yang Yuting has come forward to urge the Old Marshal to be cautious with regards to the stance on the Concessions. Because of Japan's strong interests in them, particularly through its China Agency in the Legation Cities, they stand to lose greatly if we went ahead and declared ourselves to be against the Concessions. Because of our healthy and mutually beneficial cooperation, alienating them would be seen by Tokyo as not merely an insult, but naked aggression against them.\n\nWhile hardly unexpected, Yuting's actions prove that Japan is worried about our eventual decision. If nothing else, it's a reminder that they will not sit idly by if we join the Anti-Concessionist movement.
A fair warning.
The Point of Decision
Facing insurmountable pressure from his potential partners, Marshal Zhang must decide whether he agrees to the Anti-Concessionist stance that has overtaken the conference or tries to argue against them. Siding against the Anti-Concessionists would severely hinder our chances of forming a strong alliance. Adopting an Anti-Concessionist stance, however, would severely anger Tokyo.
Very well, we accept.
We cannot afford angering Japan.
§GThe Federalists will join our efforts against [QIE.GetNameDef]!§!
§R[ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] and [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] will be greatly angered by this decision!§!
§R[FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] will be greatly angered by this decision!§!
§R[ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] will be greatly angered by this decision!§!
The Federalist-[FNG.GetNonIdeologyAdjective] Alliance
It wasn't easy to overcome the numerous differences between us. In the end though, pragmatism won out and enough common ground was found to make this unlikely friendship a reality. [FNG.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] and the Federalists of [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] are now on the same side following a long series of secretive negotiations. Let us hope that this alliance stands the test of time.
Excellent.
[ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Thanks Us
We've received official word from [ANQ.GetLeader] that they are happy we took an Anti-Concessionist stance. However, they have not yet weighed all the matters concerning their decision to join us in our Reclamation War. We await their final decision.
We'll have to wait.
Victory for the Anti-Concessionists
Although there was no shortage of hurdles to overcome along the way, diplomacy has won the day. The Shenyang Conference has ended in a success for [Root.GetNonIdeologyNameDef], cementing their position in the region at the expense of the Beijing government. The delegates left the city after a cordial closing ceremony. Zhang Zuolin is now several steps closer to turning his ambitions into reality.
Zhang Zuolin has reaffirmed his position to back the Anti-Concessions Movement! Although there was no shortage of hurdles to overcome along the way, diplomacy has won the day. The Shenyang Conference has ended in a success for [Root.GetNonIdeologyNameDef], cementing their position in the region at the expense of the Beijing government. The delegates left the city after a cordial closing ceremony. It is now up to us if we will indeed put our weight behind Zhang Zuolin and join his Reclamation War.
Next stop: Beijing!
We'll make the right decision.
The Federalists Storm Off
Finding a compromise on the Concessions proved to be an insurmountable task. It was simply politically impossible for the Federalists to make a complete U-turn on the matter, while Zhang's refusal to budge is being publicly mocked as a simple refusal to bite the hand that feeds it. After publicly denouncing the conference as a sham, the Federalist delegation led by [FNG_shenyang_federalist_leader.GetLeader] left the conference. Any chance for an alliance between them and [Root.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] is now likely an outright impossibility.
This will be trouble.
Zhang Zuolin Refuses Our Demands
Evidently, Zhang Zuolin simply could not bite the hand that fed him. By declaring his opposition to the anti-Concessionists, he's showed his colours for all of China to see. There's absolutely no way we can side with [From.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] under these circumstances. While we'd hoped that he'd see reason, we can't say we're surprised either. Our delegation left the conference earlier today, leaving Zhang Zuolin with his Japanese cronies.
What to expect from a Japanese puppet?
[From.GetNonIdeologyNameDefCap] Refuses to Denounce the Concessions
Despite our best efforts, our delegates could not convince Zhang Zuolin to stand against the concessions. We'll not let this go lightly, but we must not commit any rash actions and immediately denounce Marshal Zhang. Let us look at the factors and decide whether or not to join Zhang Zuolin in his Reclamation War against Beijing.
Unfortunate.
Tiaoyuan Decides His Position
The [FNG.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] stance on the Concessionist question greatly angered [ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDef]'s Chen Tiaoyuan. However, [ANQ.GetNonIdeologyNameDef] delegates have informed us that the decision whether or not they will join our war against Beijing and enter into an alliance with us has yet to be made. We eagerly await their final answer.
We must be patient.
Doomed to Failure
We have once again taken the city of Beijing and seem poised to reunite China, yet this is not nearly enough to cast off the shadow of Japanese influence. With our country chained to Japan more tightly than ever before, hopes of unifying China by negotiation are fated to be merely hopes. The only path left seems to be with Japan...
But Beijing is ours!
The Beijing Conference
China, long divided, may finally find a respite from the chaos. The Five-Coloured Flag of the Chinese Republic now flies proudly over Zhengyang gate as [ROOT.GetNameDef]'s troops hold garrisons and posts throughout the country. With several major urban centers fully occupied and liberated, prospects of national unification grow ever so strong.\n\nDespite their victory, the Fengtian Clique has a massive hurdle to cross with the burdens of unification. Fengtian's economy, once one of China's greatest industrial centres, now faces hyperinflation with the sudden influx of inheriting the former national economy. With currency completely non-standard and markets utterly collapsing, the newly unified republic suffers from the possibility of a total economic depression. Furthermore, the ever-growing military of the Fengtian Clique also suffers from disarray, due to its overextended troops, undisciplined looting, and deserters. The military leadership have attempted to install discipline within the ranks but it's clear that the overextended and burdensome military will need to be addressed.\n\nZhang Zuolin, the Old Marshal, plans to use this moment of victory by hosting a National Reunification Conference in Beijing. This conference aims to bolster the Clique and Zhang's legitimacy as the true inheritor of the Republic of China. It's expected that politicians, intellectuals, industrialists, and generals from both the Fengtian Clique and China nationally will be in attendance to witness the momentous event.\n\nThe Japanese government has also been present in witnessing the unification of China unfold. Newspapers and pamphlets throughout Japan applaud Zhang's unification in driving out Western influence from Asia and achieving China's liberation from imperialism. In particular, Japan's prestigious Tianjin Army has been praised for their speed, discipline, and efficiency in assisting Marshal Zhang's advance throughout the country.
The Road to Unification lies in front of us.
Zhang Calls Conference in Beijing
Once exiled and isolated from Beijing's halls of power, the Fengtian Clique has made a rapid turnabout with Japanese support. Grand Marshal Zhang Zuolin stands triumphant, having overrun most of his foes and is rapidly being recognised internationally as China's legal government.\n\nThe ascension of the National Pacification Army (the Anguojun) has worried many, who fear the rapid expansion of Japanese influence across China. As Zhang's foes begin to band together against Japan, within the Fengtian Clique divisions have emerged about their erstwhile \
The final enemy of the nation remains...
Let us see if Marshal Zhang will play ball.
Will the Dragon remain shackled or fly free?
Japan Divides the Conference
Although Marshal Zhang called the Beijing Conference to discuss matters regarding national unification, it seems that much of the discussion has devolved into debates around Japan and the fate of the new Anguojun government. It is no secret that Sino-Japanese ties have proven to be a double edged sword for previous Chinese administrations, having resulted in the toppling of the Anfu Government. Zhang too was forced to rely extensively on Tokyo's aid to maintain his ailing government, his reputation too was marred and members of the Anguojun Conference have rightfully voiced concerns.\n\nThe Marshal's Zhang Clique inner circle are somewhat hesitant to maintain such close Japanese ties, with Zhang Xueliang's young guard being particularly hostile. Meanwhile, the Recovery League has split over the issue, with members like Wang Yitang calling for maintaining close ties to Tokyo, while Wu Jinglian and his supporters advise the Grand Marshal to distance himself from the Rising Sun.\n\nThe New Communications Clique is unsurprisingly also advising Marshal Zhang to maintain his ties to Tokyo on the grounds of economic recovery and development. Yang and the Shikan Clique have been somewhat split, with Chang Yinhuai's nationalist faction declaring that they've learned enough from Tokyo to go their own way, while Yang has been more passively pro-Tokyo in his stance.\n\nThe Concordia Association has been the most vocal about maintaining Japanese ties, declaring their support for the Pan-Asian project to topple European Imperialism and China's role in the New Asian Order. The New People's Society has also made a presence in the conference, funded by the Tianjin Army in hopes of challenging the Concordia Association and their Kwantung overlords. They too call for maintaining ties with Tokyo, but urge the conference to redirect its focus to unification. With so many voices declaring different concerns, Marshal Zhang recognises that his choice will be controversial no matter what.
For the good of the nation, we must maintain our ties to Tokyo.
The nation must be free, both from Germany and Japan!
The Remnants of Beiyang
The Beiyang Government was once a Northern Chinese government based in Beijing, held together by the united Beiyang Army. Although Yuan Shikai was able to hold the army together as its founder, his successor Duan Qirui favoured his Anhui faction above others, earning him the ire of many who coalesced into the Zhili Clique. Meanwhile in the Northeast, local Beiyang forces join with Zhang Zuolin's former bandit allies to create the Fengtian Clique.\n\nAfter the Beiyang Government was shattered by infighting, the Zhili and Fengtian Cliques remained in constant struggle, with the Zhili scooping up most of the apolitical elements and Fengtian gaining many former Anhui supporters. With the fall of the Zhili Clique as well, the Fengtian Clique has emerged as Beiyang's sole heir, leaving many old anti-japanese luminaries with a hard choice. The remaining Beiyang splinter cliques under the Zhili have been absorbed by the Fengtian factions, though such a process has not been smooth.\n\nLocal Northeast bureaucrats have been hesitant to move south, Beiyang bureaucrats are resentful of Northeasterners marching into the Northern Plains to dictate terms to them, and many Fengtian officials squabble amongst themselves for jobs. As it stands, much of the newly conquered territories will remain in states of unrest and disorder until the growth pains of the Fengtian Government subside.
Loyalty is more valuable than merit!
Is this not a meritorious government?
Perhaps the Beiyang factions know the Central Plains best?
The FCDP Rally the Opposition
With the Fengtian Clique consolidating control of Northern China, old opponents of the Zhili Clique have re-emerged. The Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties, founded as the United National Construction League, was created by liberal opposition to the Zhili Government in the aftermath of the Seven Gentleman Incident where seven prominent National Salvation Federation members were arrested on charges of treason.\n\nA coalition of the Chinese Constitutionalist Party, Political Science Clique, Endeavor Society, and National Salvation Federation, they were an influential force in Northern China until the Zhili suppressed them in 1932. In the chaos of the Fengtian reconquest, the FCDP has once again emerged as a prominent force across the Northern Plains.\n\nMany of China's intellectual and politician class dislike Zhang, viewing him as a despotic brute in comparison to the learned Wu. The FCDP is an unwieldy force, but they have some institutional power as established opposition, and Marshal Zhang recognises that ignoring them would be a grave mistake.\n\nThe FCDP has taken to the streets, where they foster support amongst nationalistic students and intellectuals, denouncing any potential alliance with Japan that Zhang may consider. Northeast People's Self-Help Association too has joined with the FCDP, with the NSF in particular, in denouncing Japanese domination. This development has been of particular concern to Zhang, who has traditionally been quite popular in the Three Northeastern Provinces.
Perhaps we can allow some level of democracy...
Wu Peifu was too soft on these idealistic fools!
The Great Decision
What began with the Beijing Conference has come to a head. Pro-Japanese elements in the Fengtian Clique have increased pressure on Zhang to align his government with Tokyo, while anti-Japanese factions in the government as well as street protestors have intensified their rhetoric. Rumours circulate across the nation that non-aligned warlords and rival governments to Fengtian intend on forming a United Front to fight the Fengtian Government and public perception of Zhang is falling rapidly.\n\nIt seems that Tokyo has run out of patience with Zhang's deliberations, and the Japanese ambassador is directly pressuring the Old Marshal to sign more indepth treaties with them, including formally joining the Co-Prosperity Sphere.\n\nMarshal Zhang now finds himself facing a tough choice with two options. He could sign the treaty for joining the Co-Prosperity Sphere immediately, gambling on Japanese aid to sweep away the opposition and then negotiate for concessions later from a stronger position. The second more risky option is for him to demand the concessions as part of the agreement to join the Co-Prosperity Sphere, which would appease the nationalists but risks causing a major overreaction by the Japanese who expect to hold onto their major concessions.
We will open negotiations to join the Sphere.
§RBecause Japanese influence is 50% or above, this is the only option available.§!
We will gamble that Japan values us more than the concessions.
Zhang Invites us to Beijing
With Fengtian victory over their rivals in Beijing, it seems that unification is finally at hand after decades of division. In order to plan the Anguojun's next move, Marshal Zhang has called a conference in Beijing involving all major warlords that recognise his government. However, it seems that the conference has rapidly devolved into debates surrounding the future relationship between China and Japan, much to Zhang's chagrin. The Zhang Clique has argued for distancing from Tokyo, while Concordia, New People's Society, and Communications Clique have pushed for maintaining ties, and the Recovery League and Shikan Clique find themselves divided over the issue. On top of factional disputes on Japanese ties, the FCDP has re-emerged as a liberal opposition force, taking to the streets to campaign against Japanese alignment and call for an end to corruption and democratisation. The Japanese have also directly demanded Zhang to sign treaties of friendship, including formal entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere. As a major figure in the Anguojun, [ROOT.GetLeader]'s word would surely influence Marshal Zhang's decision.
We must not ally with the Japanese Imperialists!
Friendship with Tokyo guarantees our future.
[FROM.GetLeader] Rails Against Japan
With Marshal Zhang's Beijing Conference well under way, it seems that the Japan question has generated strong opinions. [FROM.GetLeader] in particular has been very vocal in opposing further alignment with Tokyo, declaring it to be unthinkable. It is unknown whether he is coming from an angle of genuine patriotism, or is at least appealing to it. Cynically, perhaps [FROM.GetLeader] simply fears that Japanese dominance will result in their declining influence and eventual sidelining, or maybe they fear that the rest of China will rally against the Anguojun. For whatever reasons, Marshal Zhang must consider [FROM.GetLeader]'s stance carefully.
Their opinion is heard.
...or maybe not.
[FROM.GetLeader] Advocates for Japan
With Marshal Zhang's Beijing Conference well under way, it seems that the Japan question has generated strong opinions. [FROM.GetLeader] in particular has been very vocal in supporting further alignment with Tokyo, declaring it to be critical to the survival of the Fengtian Government. It is unknown the true reason for why he supports the Japanese Alliance. Maybe he fears Japanese invasion and views alignment to be a better fate, and perhaps rationalises that China will inevitably have more leverage in the future in such a partnership. Cynically, perhaps he has merely been bribed by the Japanese to support their interests. For whatever reasons, Marshal Zhang must consider [FROM.GetLeader]'s stance carefully.
Their opinion is heard.
...or maybe not.
Zhang Sidelines Us
Although we are a critical part of the Anguojun Alliance, it seems that perhaps [FROM.GetLeader] has garnered less respect than he is owed. It has become apparent that our opinion means nothing in Marshal Zhang's calculus. [FROM.GetLeader] offered his Marshal his sincere opinion in the hopes of bettering the nation, and was promptly ignored. It is clear that Marshal Zhang is nothing more than a selfish dictator who ignores his subordinates. [FROM.GetLeader] has angrily stormed out of Beijing, deliberating his next move.
We ought to reconsider our allegiance.
Zhang's Unification Conference
After years of strife, it seems that Zhang Zuolin has defeated his rivals in Beijing and restored his status as leader of China's internationally recognised government. The Anguojun has greatly expanded, reaching deep into the Central Plains. However, success often proves to be a double edged sword, and the rest of China has become scared into banding together against both Zhang and Tokyo. We have the leverage to pressure Zhang into formally joining the Co-Prosperity Sphere as the internationally recognised China, but the Beijing Conference has produced worrying results. Many of Zhang's inner circle oppose alignment with us, and our allies and agents on the ground have been quite counterproductive. The Concordia Association's presence south of the Great Wall has been meagre to say the least, their associates in the Kwantung Army are more furious that the Tianjin Army was able to successfully carry out their plan, and the Tianjin Army has been doing premature victory laps before their eggs hatch in establishing the New People's Society to rival the Concordia Association and be their mouthpiece, and the Shanghai Garrison has not exercised any meaningful influence in the Beijing Conference. Of the Pro-Japanese elements in the Fengtian Government, many dislike each other, and are mutually suspicious of each other. We can consider trying to bring together all these disparate elements into a single cohesive Pro-Japanese front, but such a difficult effort requires substantial investment and time.
We are on the cusp of victory, we cannot fail now!
Alas China unites but we remain divided.
Tokyo Coordinates Their Forces
It is well-known that despite shared affinity for Japan, the various Pro-Japanese factions in the Fengtian Government have typically engaged in substantial infighting. Rivals in the Recovery League often get into squabbles with the New Communications Clique, and the Concordia Association and Kwantung Army spend more time attempting to root out Tianjin Army influence than on promoting Tokyo's interests in Shenyang, and vice versa. However, recently it seems that there has been a substantial shift in Pro-Japanese circles, as they have begun to work as one cohesive chorus guided by an invisible conductor at the helm. They have all been unanimous in urging Marshal Zhang to join the Co-Prosperity Sphere. Such a concerted effort has concerned the Old Marshal, who has traditionally played these groups against each other in his bid to prevent anyone from getting too much influence.
How much money did Japan spend to make this happen?!
Zhang Demands the Concessions
In the Beijing Conference, it became clear that Marshal Zhang's stance towards Tokyo would be the primary topic of discussion. Various minor warlords argued for or against us, as did Zhang's many factions in Shenyang. Of the major factions not directly aligned with us, the Recovery League was mainly divided, the New Communications Clique threw their weight in favour of us despite their recent business disputes with the Concordia Association, the Zhang Clique was mostly against us, and the Shikan Clique was divided, but leaned towards us.\n\nAlongside the debates at the highest levels of government, on the street the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties organised protests of nationalistic students to rally against continued Japanese influence. With our ambassador directly pressuring him to sign treaties of friendship and formal entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere, Zhang has finally made his move.\n\nHoping to throw his weight around to his advantage, the Old Marshal has demanded the return of Japanese concessions in China and the end of extra-territoriality. He has stressed that he hopes to enter the Co-Prosperity Sphere as in equal power to Tokyo. Although Zhang has not explicitly declared his intention to take control of Mantetsu or other Japanese interests in China, it is clear that Zhang already sees himself as the victor in China. Tokyo is faced with a choice to either accept Zhang's terms or stall for time while preparing our forces to \
We begrudgingly accept these terms.
Stall for time while our forces prepare.
§RIn two weeks we will enter a war with China.§!
The Mukden Incident
Ever since Marshal Zhang's confrontation with the Japanese, it seems that Sino-Japanese tensions were escalating rapidly and an invasion of the Northeast was imminent. In the dead of night, a section of the South Manchuria Railway near Liutiao Lake was blown up by unknown actors. Tokyo declared that Chinese dissidents connected to the FCDP were involved.\n\nDenouncing Marshal Zhang as being unable to protect Japan's interests, Tokyo mobilised the Kwantung Army and its forces in Korea to cross into Chinese territory to secure its interests. Firing at our border guards, the Japanese Imperial Army crossed the Yalu River at midnight in what was essentially a declaration of war in all but name. Marshal Zhang has called the Anguojun to meet this threat to Chinese sovereignty and defend China from the Japanese invaders.\n\nRegardless of whoever set off this bomb, it seems that China and Japan are headed towards all out war. Already Japan's youth are being called upon to \
Perfidy!
The Mukden Incident
Although Marshal Zhang was widely reputed to be Japan's willing partner in China, it seems that the relationship between Shenyang and Tokyo was always more fragile than previously believed. Nationalistic street protests and pressure within the Beijing Conference has persuaded Zhang to take a more assertive stance against the Japanese, much to Tokyo's fury.\n\nA week ago a bomb went off on the South Manchuria Railway. The Japanese seized the incident as a pretext to cross the Yalu River in a full invasion of China. As the two Asian titans clash, the rest of the continent holds their breath. Should China emerge victorious, the Japanese will lose an integral part of the Imperial war machine. Should Japan win, the rest of Asia will surely bow swiftly.
Zhang will face the iron price!
The Rising Sun breaks all who refuse to bow.
The Japanese Accept Our Terms
Although Marshal Zhang feared a potential Japanese backlash, it seems that cooler heads in Tokyo have prevailed. Today, the Japanese ambassador has met with the Old Marshal to announce that Japan has accepted China formally into the Co-Prosperity Sphere in exchange for returning all concessions. This is a great victory for the Fengtian Government, for it has not only secured a powerful partner in the East, but also done so while undoing many of the unequal treaties imposed previously, appeasing nationalist elements in the populace. Although the various rival governments in the South will rally against us, Marshal Zhang is confident that the combined efforts of Japan and Fengtian will see them defeated and Beijing ascendant.
A toast to a beautiful friendship!
The Sino-Japanese Pact
Against the expectation and to the horror of [ROOT.GetLeader], it seems that Zhang has correctly assessed that Tokyo would prefer an alliance with the Fengtian Government over the continuation of Japanese concessions in China. Tokyo has agreed to hand over all concessions to Zhang's government, including the Legation Cities which have been a boon to the Japanese economy. The Shanghai Garrison has already been ordered to evacuate, and [ROOT.GetLeader] faces a difficult choice. He can choose to either go quietly and acquiesce to Fengian annexation or organise a desperate resistance against the Chinese.
A tragic betrayal!
We will not go down without a fight!
The Sino-Japanese Pact
After the Fengtian victory, fears that Zhang would continue to work closely with Japan ran amuck. Zhang's Beijing Conference to discuss peaceful unification was derailed by debate surrounding China's future relationship with Japan.\n\nHemmed by anti-Japanese protests, threats of a warlord coalition against him, and pressure from within his own government, the Old Marshal made a daring gamble. Demanding Japanese concessions in exchange for entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere, Zhang was able to enshrine his alliance while avoiding the appearance of kowtowing to Japanese interests. Though war with the rest of China is expected, he has staved off challenges to his leadership from within.
A Free China in a Free Asia!
It seems our worst fears have been realised.
Zhang Asks to Join the Sphere
In the Beijing Conference, it became clear that Marshal Zhang's stance towards Tokyo would be the primary topic of discussion. Various minor warlords argued for or against us, as did Zhang's many factions in Shenyang. Of the major factions not directly aligned with us, the Recovery League was mainly divided, the New Communications Clique threw their weight in favour of us despite their recent business disputes with the Concordia Association, the Zhang Clique was mostly against us, and the Shikan Clique was divided, but leaned towards us.\n\nAlongside the debates at the highest levels of government, on the street the Federation of Chinese Democratic Parties organised protests of nationalistic students to rally against continued Japanese influence. With our ambassador directly pressuring him to sign treaties of friendship and formal entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere, Zhang has finally made his move.\n\nMuch to our approval, Zhang has agreed to join the Co-Prosperity Sphere without any stipulations. Perhaps Zhang hopes to negotiate for greater concessions after unification, where his leverage will be higher, but that will not be an issue for Tokyo. We can prevent Zhang from demanding much of anything if the Fengtian Pro-Japanese front and our agents in China work to maintain our influence in his government.
Zhang submits to reality.
§YAs long as our Influence remains high, the Fengtian Clique will be unable to take the focuses and decisions needed to demand the return of the concessions.§!
Our Entry into the Sphere
With our entry into the Co-Prosperity Sphere, we can expect much more significant Japanese aid in the struggle to come. Marshal Zhang's rivals in the South have already denounced him as a traitor to the Chinese nation, and have openly called for a United Front to jointly fight off the Anguojun and Japanese. Marshal Zhang is less concerned about the United Front, instead already looking to his ambitions after unification is carried out. The Old Marshal is already scheming to retake the coastal concessions after unification is carried out against his rivals, and keep Japanese influence at a minimum, as he did a decade ago.
Let's hope we win this game of chess.
The Fengtian Clique Joins the Sphere
After the Fengtian victory, fears that Zhang would continue to work closely with Japan ran amuck. Zhang's Beijing Conference to discuss peaceful unification was derailed by debate surrounding China's future relationship with Japan. Brushing aside anti-Japanese protests, threats of a warlord coalition against him, and pressure from within his own government, the Old Marshal moved to enter the Co-Prosperity Sphere, gambling the Japanese support will help him crush any enemies he makes.\n\nIt seems that Zhang is heading on an inevitable collision course with his remaining rivals across China. The United Front are unlikely to win this war against the Japanese Goliath, but perhaps they will go down as the last stand of a Free China.
A Free China in a Free Asia!
It seems our worst fears have been realised.
Our Allies in Tokyo
Zhang Zuolin is proud to have survived decades of China's brutal power games, but the reality is he could not have done it alone nor would his dreams of reunifying the country be realistic if it was not for the patronage of Japan. Many of our rivals paint him as a stooge for foreign imperialists, and even more embarrassing a power that China once saw as akin to a younger brother, but the reality is more nuanced.\n\nZhang Zuolin and many other politicians sympathetic to Japan do seek cooperation with Japan and are willing to make pragmatic concessions to advance their interests, but they also often believe that once China is united they will inevitably have the leverage to renegotiate treaties as equals. Their personal motivations also vary - some are cynically hoping to preserve their own power and wealth while others sincerely buy into Japanese Pan-Asian rhetoric against European powers.\n\nWhatever the case, Japan's outsized influence adds another layer of intrigue in Fengtian Clique politics. Japan expects returns on their investments, but conceding too much to Japan has brought down entire governments in the past - a lesson the exile Anhui and Communications Clique have learned the hard way.\n\nJapan's agents on the ground often fight and compete among themselves as they execute competing agendas often without Tokyo's knowledge. Zhang has been willing to exploit the lack of strategic clarity among Japanese decision-makers, but it also means that many of the deals he makes lack permanence for both sides. Managing expectations from both sides will be integral in his quest to liberate his nation.
We will not be scorched by the rising sun.
§RBe careful in our dealings with Japan. When we begin our war for Beijing, it will worry many of our Japanese advisors who in turn may do something drastic should the war turn against us. Similarly, if Japanese influence is too high our options for handling reunification may be limited.§!
The Three Armies in China
We have a long history with China, but after our victory in the Sino-Japanese War it was clear that we had eclipsed the once great power. Still, our efforts at establishing a hegemony over China have been stymied, even after the Xinhai Revolution and the ensuing Warlord Era tore apart the fragile nation. In addition to surges of Chinese nationalism and also the interference of Western powers, a lack of consistent strategic clarity from Tokyo has caused our various forces on the continent to adopt their own rival agendas.\n\nWhile this strategic ambiguity does offer plausible deniability and flexibility, it has hampered the establishment of a cohesive strategy for handling Chinese affairs. The closest to the \
We will tame the Chinese dragon.
§ROur dealings with China are essential to the long-term health of our empire. When the Fengtian Clique begins their war of National Reclamation, it will present both opportunities and danger. We will likely be dragged into the conflict, but we can ensure it is on favourable terms and it will end to our advantage by supporting the Fengtian Clique and increasing our influence within it.§!
Tensions in Manchuria
Ever since the fall of the Anhui Clique, the Fengtian Clique and Zhili Clique have regarded each other as their principal rival. The Zhili first gained the upper hand in the First ZhiFeng war, but Fengtian nearly toppled the entire clique in 1924. However, Zhang Zuolin was ousted yet again in 1927 following Zhili victory against the KMT. For around a decade, Zhang Zuolin has sat north of the Great Wall, licking his wounds and plotting his eventual return to Beijing. It seems that this period of buildup has finally run its course, and Marshal Zhang has embarked on one final campaign to not just seize Beijing, but unify all of China.\n\nAlthough Tokyo has been allied to Marshal Zhang's government for nearly two decades, Japanese policy towards the Fengtian Clique continues to be divided and contradictory. The Tianjin Army has largely been supportive of Zhang's National Reclamation War. They hope that by aiding Marshal Zhang in his war, the Tianjin Army will be able to insert themselves as China's real rulers from behind the scenes, even perhaps eliminating their Kwantung rivals. Conversely, the Kwantung Army has long maintained their influence in Manchuria, and are very concerned of the possibility of Marshal Zhang losing the war, which would result in the loss of their own influence.\n\nEven within the Fengtian Clique, there have been those with concerns regarding the National Reclamation War's feasibility. For the moment, Zhang Zuolin has largely kept such dissident voices quiet. However Zhang Zuolin, like the pessimists in his camp, understands that this war will be an all or nothing effort - either he succeeds in establishing himself as master of all China, or he will die trying. For Japan, they largely continue to support Marshal Zhang in his war for China, but should he disappoint Tokyo with lack of progress, the Kwantung Army may be provoked into taking drastic action to secure Japan's interests.
When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die.
§YThe die has been cast. Zhang has §Rlimited time§! before tensions boil over, which will increase or decrease based on battlefield success and decisions by Shenyang and Tokyo. Should time run out, the Kwantung Army will attempt to force the Imperial Court's hand and §Rdrag them into war on the continent§!. Should he §Gsucceed in capturing Beijing§! and at least one of Nanjing, Wuhan, Guangzhou, or Chongqing, Fengtian and Japanese relations will face a different reckoning §Rdepending on Japanese influence in his government.§!§!
The Fengtian-Japanese Alliance Victorious?
Although the National Reclamation War threatened to strain the Fengtian - Japanese alliance to the limit, it seems that the war has concluded with Zhang's complete victory. The Kwantung Army is no longer openly scheming to replace Marshal Zhang, and the Tianjin Army has encouraged Zhang to continue his wars of unification.\n\nOnce again, the Fengtian Clique rules in Beijing, and extends its foothold in the Central Plains. However, as Zhang continues to consolidate his authority across the rest of China, many in both Japan and China both wonder if this Sino-Japanese alliance will continue to hold.\n\nTokyo had always hoped for a more subservient partner in China than Zhang, and the Old Marshal has long viewed the Japanese with suspicion and his alliance with them as merely one of convenience. Will Japan and China both continue to maintain their ties despite mutual distrust and conflicts of interest? Or will tensions boil over and Tokyo and Beijing engage in one final war to end all wars?
Can China and Japan really be long-term allies?
The Huanggutun Incident
With the National Reclamation War going poorly, it seems that Marshal Zhang's luck has finally run out. Although he had hoped to win the war swiftly, the situation has evolved to become anything but. Zhang's struggles in the war have vindicated the fears of the Kwantung Army, who believe that the Old Marshal may try to negotiate to save his skin, have decided to act decisively.\n\nAs Marshal Zhang was returning to Shenyang after visiting the frontline, his train was hit by a bomb planted by the Kwantung Army. Although Zhang survived for a few hours, the Old Marshal ultimately succumbed to his wounds. Acting immediately, the Kwantung Army has driven out Zhang Xueliang, leaving Fengtian in the hands of Yang Yuting who has reluctantly taken on the position of Generalissimo of the Anguojun.\n\nThe Kwantung Army has largely acted on their own without Tokyo's knowledge or consent, but are gambling on the prospect of total Japanese defeat to force Tokyo's hand. With the Fengtian Government in utter disarray, the Japanese Government will be forced to directly intervene in the National Reclamation War to save Yang's crippled government.
The Manchurian Incident
With the fall of Shenyang, fears have grown among Japanese decision-makers of the possibility of the total loss of Japanese influence in Manchuria - and with it decades of investment and national pride. Zhang Zuolin's incompetent handling of the war and rumours that he is attempting to negotiate a peace behind their backs has led to Kwantung Army hardliners to make a drastic move.\n\nDetonating a small amount of dynamite near a Mantetsu-owned railway (though far away enough that it would not cause any significant damage to the track), they alleged that it was an attack by the Fengtian Clique's enemies on the ostensibly neutral Japanese garrison. Utilising that pretext, the garrison then began shelling Chinese positions - pressuring initially reluctant senior Japanese officers and later Tokyo to embrace the plan.\n\nAs the Japanese moved into position for direct intervention in the conflict, they assassinated Marshal Zhang before he could potentially denounce Japanese imperialism and switch sides. His allies have fled underground and in his place Yang Yuting has assumed control over the remaining Fengtian forces in hopes of preserving some semblance of autonomy for his men.
All eyes are on Marshal Yang to navigate us out of the crisis...
Marshal Zhang has failed us for the last time.
Zhang Zuolin Assassinated
Although Zhang Zuolin seemed like a loyal partner to the Empire of Japan, it seems that perhaps there was greater tension in the Fengtian-Tokyo relationship than was apparent on the surface. Dissatisfied with the progress of Zhang Zuolin's National Reclamation War, disgruntled Japanese officers carried out his assassination and installed Yang Yuting in charge of the collapsing government.\n\nYang Yuting's government is unlikely to survive without Japanese aid, while Nationalist sentiment rallies his enemies across the Chinese nation. China and Japan have been drawing towards another war for Asia's future, and it seems that this one will be far more destructive and devastating than the first.
Surely we are safe from Marshal Zhang's fate, right?
It seems that Zhang's time simply ran out.
Japan has disgraced itself in the eyes of the world.
From Traitor to Top Dog?
Grand Marshal Yang Yuting toured the ruined city of Beijing, one of [FNG.GetNameDef]'s recent conquests as its military began to turn the tide against their foes. He was met with a stony reception by its local citizens, the intelligentsia, and the newly restored national assembly as he reasserted his claim to leadership over the republic. Though many of the soldiers and officers are the same as Zhang Zuolin's old National Pacification Army, perceptions have drastically worsened - a great feat given how controversial Zhang when he dominated the north.\n\nMany still refuse to forgive the Shikan Clique for their part in allowing Japan to tighten its grip on the continent, even if General Yang justifies it as part of the national fight imperialism and socialism in public, and in private claims it a necessary evil to prevent the total dominantion of the Kwantung Army in the aftermath of Zhang's death. Regardless, [FNG.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName] is resurgent and their influence stretches far beyond Beijing. But with that will come many more challenges as they fight to unite the country under their banner.
China's savior or its sellout?
Japan Enters the Fray
The start of the Second Sino-Japanese War and Japan's direct participation in the war on the continent has placed [FNG.GetNameDef] in an awkward spot. Most of China has banded together against the Japanese threat and though we have not endorsed Japan's war we have quickly been branded as Hanjian and collaborators. Many of our own officers and officials have begun to waver as word of Japanese atrocities and fears of their ambitions spread.\n\nWithin the ranks of our erstwhile \
At least this way we ensure China will have a voice in the sphere.
Please, we just need some more time to sort out our affairs…
Japan Enters the Continent
The start of the Second Sino-Japanese War and Japan's direct participation in the war on the continent has placed [FNG.GetNameDef] in an awkward spot. Most of China has banded together against the Japanese threat and though we have not endorsed Japan's war we have quickly been branded as Hanjian and collaborators. Many of our own officers and officials have begun to waver as word of Japanese atrocities and fears of their ambitions spread.\n\nJapan's decision has blindsided [FNG.GetLeader]. The Fengtian Clique's army has yet to complete their preparations for war but Japanese entry has forced their hand. They have little choice but to join the Co-Prosperity Sphere, shrugging off accusations of treason, and hope to race the Imperial Japanese Army to secure major cities.
It seems our time has simply run out.
[FNG.GetNameDefCap] Joins the Sphere
The start of the Second Sino-Japanese War and Japan's direct participation in the war on the continent has placed [FNG.GetNameDef] in an awkward spot. Most of China has banded together against the Japanese threat and though they have not endorsed Japan's war they have quickly been branded as Hanjian and collaborators. Many of their officers and officials have begun to waver as word of Japanese atrocities and fears of our ambitions spread.\n\nThe start of the Second Sino-Japanese War has blindsided [FNG.GetLeader], a source of considerable tension. But under pressure from the Kwantung Army and Tianjin Army and a desire to claim at least a partial share of our ultimate victory, they have pragmatically decided to sign protocols bringing them formally into the Co-Prosperity Sphere.
Together we shall triumph over Western bootlickers!
[FNG.GetNameDefCap] Stalls for Time
The start of the Second Sino-Japanese War and Japan's direct participation in the war on the continent has placed [FNG.GetNameDef] in an awkward spot. Most of China has banded together against the Japanese threat and though they have not endorsed Japan's war they have quickly been branded as Hanjian and collaborators. Many of their officers and officials have begun to waver as word of Japanese atrocities and fears of our ambitions spread.\n\nThe start of the Second Sino-Japanese War has blindsided [FNG.GetLeader], a source of considerable tension. Despite pressure from the Kwantung Army and Tianjin Army, the Fengtian government has been reluctant to coordinate more closely with our forces or formally join the Co-Prosperity Sphere.\n\nOur agents on the ground assure us however, that they are keeping a close eye on the situation. If necessary and the opportunity arises, they may take emergency action to ensure [FNG.Capital.GetCapitalVictoryPointName]'s cooperation in this great conflict.
Let us see what happens next...
Zhang Pleas for More Time
Although Zhang Zuolin is Japan's closest ally in China, he is hardly an ideal partner for Tokyo. While Zhang greets our dignitaries and businessmen with smiles and handshakes, he attempts to maintain his distance at every turn. Zhang's shifty strategy of appeasing Tokyo while in a position of weakness but spurning Japan in a position of strength has worn down the patience of the Japanese government.\n\nThrough all of our cooperation with Marshal Zhang was the hope that one day he would come to appreciate the wisdom and experience of Tokyo, but it seems he will never follow our sagely example. Once again it seems that the foolish warlord has squandered Tokyo's aid and is once again at our doorstep begging for scraps.\n\nPerhaps he has realised how much he has worn down our desire to aid him, and is attempting to salvage our strained relationship. Regardless, Tokyo has agreed to allot him a little more aid and has extended him a little more patience, but should Zhang fail to make substantial gains, it will be the last time he has played us for fools.
We are tired of being disappointed with your lack of progress...
Zhang Cracks Down on Sedition
Zhang Zuolin, though rising from humble circumstances to become master of the Northeast with whatever means available to him, has never been one to tolerate blatant corruption. No, the Grand Marshal has worked tirelessly to promote his regime with an image of inscrutability and moral principle.\n\nMost recently, Marshal Zhang has enacted an anti-corruption purge within his administration, prompting a slew of arrests and executions for those accused of corruption, sedition, and treason. While some have noted Zhang's earnestness in promoting a relatively fair administration, many observers note that most of those purged were tied in some way to Japanese interests operating in Dongbei.\n\nAlthough Marshal Zhang has not publicly revealed the source of bribes, most understand the message he is sending to Tokyo. Japan for their part have not publicly commented on the Old Marshal's recent anti-corruption purges, but the government is undoubtedly displeased with their wayward ally in the Middle Kingdom. However, Tokyo is not in a position to or has deemed it not in their interest to punish Zhang's regime at the moment, leaving the incident largely a victory for Zhang and his Anguojun regime.
That ungrateful fool...
Zhang Curtails the Shikan Clique
In the late Qing Dynasty, many sought out a foreign education to learn how they could best heal the ailing Chinese state. Many aspiring soldiers gravitated towards the rising Japanese Empire, which had undertaken a rapid modernisation programme spearheaded by Emperor Meiji. The Japanese for their part encouraged Chinese students to seek an education on their shores, establishing the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko Military Preparatory School, specifically catered towards giving Chinese students military training and education.\n\nWhen the Qing Dynasty was brought down by the Xinhai Revolution and warlords rose up in its place, many of China's prominent generals and leaders were Tokyo Shinbu Gakko alumni. They brought with them a wealth of knowledge on modern warfare, which made them invaluable assets to various powerful warlords. Marshal Zhang recognised the capability of Yang Yuting, who was one such NCO with Japanese education. Yang shared Zhang's ambitions of leading unification efforts, and became a crucial officer within the Fengtian Clique. Yang and other Japanese-educated NCOs formed what became known as the Shikan Clique, and have generally called for ties between Tokyo and Shenyang to be strengthened.\n\nYang's Shikan Clique in recent years has profited greatly from the increase in Japanese influence in Dongbei following Marshal Zhang's retreat from Beijing, and has courted regionalists and disgruntled officers into its camp. The increase in Shikan power has not gone unnoticed under the Old Marshal's watch, as he watches with concern at both the rise of Shikan and Tokyo's influence. Marshal Zhang has increasingly worked to curtail the Shikan Clique's activities, elevating loyalists to higher military positions.
Does Zhang really believe he can unite China without the Shikan Clique?
Concessions to the Concordia Association
In the aftermath of the Anguojun's crippling defeat by Wu Peifu and the Zhili Clique, the Fengtian Clique was once again pushed north of the Great Wall. In this time of vulnerability and weakness, the Russians attempted to pounce on Marshal Zhang's domain, forcing him to rely further on Tokyo's support.\n\nFengtian and Japan stood together against the Russian bear and humiliated the fools like in the days of 1905. In order to consolidate the Sino-Japanese friendship between Marshal Zhang's government and our own, the Concordia Association was formed in Fengtian to promote the ideals of the Pan-Asianist dream. The Association has found a boon of support within Manchuria's ethnic minorities, and has also become the home of certain Japanese radicals who have been expelled from the Home Islands in de facto exile.\n\nRegardless, the Concordia Association remains one of the primary allies of the Shikan Clique and the Kwantung Army, assisting Yang Yuting and his allies whenever possible. While Zhang Zuolin has never truly appreciated the Association, he has been known to shore up temporary support for them in times of strife, such as now.
Marshal Zhang has recognised the wisdom in accepting our aid...
Zhang Empowers Our Advisors
Ever since the Russo-Japanese War which saw our ascendant empire defeat the clumsy Russian Bear, the Kwantung leased territory, which was ours by right ever since the Sino-Japanese War, was returned to us. A year after, the Kwantung Garrison was established, which saw the beginnings of the Kwantung Army. The actual army was established in 1919, when Japan replaced the old governance structure of the port.\n\nSince its creation, the Kwantung Army has maintained influence in the neighbouring Fengtian Clique, and has sought to act as a guiding hand for Japan's influence in Manchuria, and ensure Marshal Zhang's compliance to Tokyo's will. With the Japanese military radicalising substantially in the late 20s, the Kwantung Army for such beliefs, becoming involved in many various coups throughout the interwar period.\n\nThe Kwantung Army stands in staunch rivalry with the Tianjin Army, who look towards the rest of China and hope to assist Zhang Zuolin in destroying the German lapdogs in the Zhili Clique, restore the Anguojun's presence south of the wall, and ensure that Zhang will maintain his ties to Tokyo thereafter, or suffer the consequences. For whatever reasons, Zhang Zuolin has usually attempted to remain aloof from the Kwantung Army's influence, but he has recently brought in some Kwantung Army advisors to assist him in modernising his military force.
We'll show them how modern wars are fought.
Japan Searches for Collaborators
Although Zhang Zuolin is regarded by many in China as the arch-collaborator with Japanese interests thanks to years of Zhili propaganda, the people of the Three Northeastern Provinces understand the true situation. Marshal Zhang was forced to inherit the Japanese as his “allies” upon his takeover of Dongbei, and attempted to contain their influence whilst also not provoking them into taking action.\n\nIt seems that this delicate balancing act is perhaps not long for this world, as it seems that the Empire of Japan is not only unsure of the Old Marshal's ability to win the war, and are even looking for potential replacements. If true, Tokyo could choose from a large array of willing conspirators. Japan's longtime relationship with the Fengtian Clique has produced pro-Japanese elements in all major factions within the government.\n\nThe Concordia Association is already openly pro-Japanese, the Shikan Clique is generally in favour for close ties, the Communications Clique's leaders in Zhang Zongxiang and Lu Zongyu have also shown an openness to working with Tokyo, and even within the Zhang Clique, the Old Marshal's more flexible sworn brothers like Zhang Jinghui and Zhang Haipeng may even be pliable puppets.\n\nAlthough Marshal Zhang is aware of Tokyo's increasing disillusionment with his leadership, there's not much for him to do. He can only recognise the danger he presently is in. The search for collaborators began under local Japanese elements but is now receiving backing from Tokyo itself now, certainly a bad omen for Zhang's government and the fight for a free China.
I never thought it would end like this...
Japan Reins in Extremists
Although Japan and Fengtian have been allies for two decades, Japan's policy towards us has been incredibly unclear. While Tokyo may decide one thing, the Kwantung Army will do what they have deemed Japan's best interest, as will the Tianjin Army.\n\nWhile the Tianjin Army has generally been more cooperative with the Anguojun, the Kwantung Army not only wants to keep our government contained to north of the Great Wall, and have long disliked Marshal Zhang.\n\nThe increasing radicalism in the Kwantung Army has certainly generated great concern among the Grand Marshal and his inner circle, and years of increasing tensions has certainly been unbeneficial for both powers. Recently, Tokyo has sought to give Marshal Zhang's government some relief by reining in extremist officers stationed in the Northeast, targeted primarily towards the Kwantung Army.\n\nWhile many of their officers have been demoted or recalled, Tianjin Army Officers have been elevated in their place. Tokyo's policy towards Marshal Zhang's government has certainly been made clear, and finally they have enforced the compliance of the wayward armies.
We might actually survive this age of chaos...
The Japanese Aid Plan
While Fengtian has boasted China's strongest regional economy with most of the nation's heavy industry centred around Fengtian Province and Jilin, the financial situation of the government is no better than the rest of China. Whenever Marshal Zhang has attempted to achieve his ambitions and cross the Great Wall, there have been massive economic consequences back home.\n\nJust a decade ago, the Fengpiao currency collapsed after Zhang's government was unable to secure loans due to the existence of a rival Kuomintang government in Guangzhou, and Zhili resurgence once again relegated Marshal Zhang's government to north of the Great Wall. Recognising the dangers of economic collapse in Fengtian, Tokyo has begun funneling emergency funds to our government through Concordia Association shell organisations.\n\nIn addition to loans, Japan has sent engineers, encouraged its businesses to make contracts with the Fengtian Government, and offered a trade deal for steel. Tokyo's generosity will certainly stabilise the homefront and thus aid the front lines, but every aid package strengthens our economic reliance on Tokyo.
A Faustian Bargain, but one we cannot afford to refuse.
Japanese Sends Arms Shipments
Ever since Marshal Zhang and Tokyo came to a mutually beneficial arrangement, the Fengtian Army has boasted one of the best equipped armies in the Chinese military. During the first Zhifeng War, Wu Peifu's soldiers were dressed in tattered uniforms while the Fengtian Army was fully equipped. To our shame, Wu and his men of rags were able to defeat us.\n\nSince the early 20s, it seems that the various rival warlords have also found friends in high places. Chen Jiongming found friends in the British and Americans, Wu in the Germans, the Kuomintang in France and Russia, and Feng Yuxiang also in Russia. The Fengtian Army has experienced the effects of the modernisation of the armies of the Central Plains firsthand, with equipment attrition skyrocketing.\n\nIn order to resupply our troops in this war for Chinese unification, Japan has sent a massive arms shipment to our government. Of course, Japan has seen to it that sympathetic officers to Tokyo have seen their men resupplied first, and while Anguojun High Command will have a say in weapons distribution, it has not stopped pro-Japanese united being favoured.
We only hope that the cost is not too high...
Japanese Reinforcements Arrive
The increasing chaos in China in recent years has intensified Tokyo's interest in the affairs of our nation, for better or for worse. While Marshal Zhang was able to contain Japanese influence in Dongbei for the first decade of his rule, the collapse of the Fengtian dollar coupled with the loss of Beijing forced previously unseen levels of Japanese influence in the Three Provinces of the Northeast.\n\nWith Marshal Zhang's government once again waging for control of Beijing and China, Tokyo has increased its talons in the Anguojun Government once again. Just yesterday, the government in Tokyo has ordered additional divisions deployed to China in order to shore up its already-stationed Kwantung and Tianjin Armies. Though this move strengthens both of their forces, it in a way weakens both of them, as Tokyo's direct footprint has been increased, now that the Japanese Government is directly involved in this war.
It's all getting away from us...
Unification by Dongbei
Perhaps the greatest ambition of the Old Marshal and his compatriots since the 1920s, the cementing of their control within China has long been a desired dream for many within the Fengtian Clique. With multiple gambits such as the First and Second ZhiFeng Wars, with the latter seeing a term of Fengtian as the beholder of the Beijing Government, their rule was ultimately not to last. Following the Third and Fourth ZhiFeng Wars, Fengtian was ejected to the Three Northeastern Provinces, alongside Rehe.\n\nContinuing to parade themselves as the legitimate successors to the Beiyang Government, the Old Marshal and his subordinates could hardly pose much of a threat in the face of the Zhili's unification of the nation, even when such a foundation was gravely shaken in 1932 and 1933; Zhang Zuolin merely withdrawing from attempted peace negotiations beforehand due to Zhili success in national elections. Yet such a situation was not to last! Rebuilding their strength, in no small part due to Japanese assistance, the army of the Anguojun managed to successfully rout defenders south of the Great Wall, and secure Beijing.\n\nAt the present, there is much jubilation and many celebrations to be held. Both in earnest, and perhaps to mask government difficulties following intense warfare all-throughout the nation-state. Nonetheless, for the third time in the nation's history, Beijing has become the seat of a Dongbei-led government. And for many citizens in China, they look towards the Northeasterners for direction, and for support.
And so our mission is fulfilled.
Fengtian Factionalism Rises
Often thought to be a united force under the strength of a single figure, the Fengtian Clique itself is split into various disparate factions, akin to most major warlord cliques in China. Yet unlike most, it is relatively responsible in its proclamations of internal unity; few would dare defy Marshal Zhang. Even in such an environment however, intense rivalries and inter-personal differences can emerge, most violently and evidently in events such as Guo Songling's rebellion of the 1920s. In-effect, Guo's legacy lives on, shattered and reconstituted both politically and military into two major factions: Shaoshuai, and Shikan.\n\nLed informally by the Young Marshal Zhang Xueliang, the Shaoshuai Clique corresponds to his immediate courtiers, and their ambitions to prop up Guo's reform-minded protégé. As the Old Marshal's de-facto successor, Xueliang has appreciated immense benefits within the Fengtian government, albeit his military and political careers leave much to be desired, so much so as to not mention his social activities.\n\nOn the opposing end lies the Shikan Clique. A group of modernisers, militarists, patriots, and the meritocratic underdogs of Fengtian's factionalism, they are led by the oft misused Yang Yuting, and his close friend Chang Yinhuai. Graduates from the Japanese Army Academy and otherwise, the clique serves as the main vector for internal opposition within the military; fiercely opposed to the seeming nepotism and incompetency of the Shaoshuai, Zhang, Heilongjiang, and other Cliques.\n\nWith the arrival of new glories arrives similarly new difficulties, and the ever simmering lid of Fengtian tensions seems to have finally burst, as whole divisions refuse to heed Central Government orders, and Shikan Clique aficionados meet increasingly with Japanese contacts...
The legacy of Guo Songling...
Failure of Government Economics
Suffice to say, the Chinese economic situation has never been particularly stable ever since the onset of the Warlord Era, perhaps even ever since the decline of the Qing. Industrialisation has usually been at the behest, or at the enquiring, of foreign powers and foreign investments. As such, China's fledgling Feudal land-situation combined with foreign-dominated industrialisation efforts in the urban cities has resulted in quite a tenuous situation throughout the nation.\n\nFurthermore, with the outbreak of hostilities following a brief tenure of relative peace during the Zhilo Unification, investors have fled, industrialists have cordoned their factories and arsenals, and immense damage has been wrought in both the roaring countryside and urban sprawl. In the Northeast, relatively despoiled of damage and conflict, Japanese investments and the clever management of Communications Clique, Zhang Clique, and Recovery League officials have resulted in a flourishing industrial belt stretching through Jilin and other provinces.\n\nDescending from their Northeastern sanctuary however, the Fengtian government has run into all too friendly situation for Chinese Central Governments; an inefficient tax system, local banditry, incompetence and lack of trained officials, and many more issues have resulted in piling debt, and lowering economic productivity. Whilst foreign loans present themselves as a useful bandage to prevent hemorrhaging of national finances, they are but a pittance in light of the true issues. It will undoubtedly take concerted effort to remedy the situation at present.
Best begin searching for loans...
Fears of Fengtian Domination
Politically, Dongbei almost always seemed as a microcosm of broader Chinese currents. Relatively isolated, the Northeastern Cliques had themselves far more concerned with the Japanese to the South, Russians to the North, and the affairs of the Mongol regions to the West. Suffice to say, the provincial governments of the Northeast functioned far more off of personalities and the Fengtian Clique than most other comparable administrations in the era. With relatively little infiltration by organisations south of the Great Wall, namely the Chinese Constitutionalists, Kuomintang, and the Young China Party, various minor Fengtian organisations have managed to rise to prominence: the revived Restoration Society, for example.\n\nYet following the Third and Fourth ZhiFeng Wars, the Northeastern has become a haven for those who have burnt political bridges in the Central Plains and further. Hosting exiled Anhui aficionadoes such as Wang Yitang, Zhang Zuolin's own personal political jockeys such as Pan Fu, or even the Japanophile Communications Clique (far removed from they heyday), the character of the Marshal's rival government has truly been multifaceted, and in-effect tearing at the seams.\n\nAscending from the Great Wall southwards, the character that long loomed Marshal Zhang's government attempts of the 1920s remains large even now. Few would desire to work with Northeasterners, viewed as nothing more but militarists, and perhaps bandits. Uniquely disposed of in-regards to available political muscle, the new Fengtian Government has seemingly brought forth fears of possible domination by men of lesser standing, and even lesser know-how.
Really? As bandits? Still?
A Nation Under the Northeast
Bringing unification to China has been no easy task, and yet it would appear that the consistent, ever-present rival of the Zhili Government has finally emerged on top. Residing within their Northeast sanctuary, and backed by the Japanese, the Fengtian government has finally, for the third time, retaken Beijing. Running through the consequences of national unification, their government has been beset with critical economic shortcomings, and a wasteland of political support; few have forgotten the reputation of Fengtian's aficionados.\n\nFurthermore, it would appear that despite Zhang Zuolin's best efforts, the fracturing Anguojun alliance has begun to tear itself apart. With the ambitions of Tokyo intermixed, a rapidly unfolding tornado of political rivalry and infighting has emerged under the Five Banner flag. The Shikan Clique, the Communications Clique, Recovery League, various democrats and other smaller cliques have all begun to feud over patronage positions and the direction of the government.
$fengtian_endgame_events.004.d.base$\n\nSecuring national unification through the might of the Anguojun, it would appear that the disparate Warlord alliance stewarded by Fengtian's eclectic and corrupt government has begun to mandate proper consolidation under National forces. Whilst perhaps an ideal preferred by a nation so damaged by war and bloodshed for decades, is it tolerable for [ROOT.GetLeader] to submit their government to an intolerable northerner? To permanently sunder any ambitions of their own stake to the presidency?
$fengtian_endgame_events.004.d.base$\n\nHaving collaborated with the Old Marshal intermittently all throughout the Warlord Era, few would besmirch the Model Governor for throwing his lot once again with the Dongbei divisionaries. And yet, many within Yan's camp insist upon his inherent kingmaker role within national politics. With the capacity to descend from Shanxi onto the Central Plain in a lightning strike, the notion of Yan's own Presidential ambitions present themselves as an all-too enticing offer, but is the Model Governor willing to roll the dice? Whatever the case, the time to decide is now, as the Anguojun recoils from its unification and own internal rivalries.
$fengtian_endgame_events.004.d.base$\n\nDedicated and loyal to the utmost, Governor Zhang Zongchang has dedicated his life to serving the Old Marshal and his various governments. Being a prized lieutenant of the Anguojun itself, Zhang's securing of Shandong played a primary role in the unification of the nation, and yet, shadows loom large amongst the Old Marshal's position. As evident to anyone, knives have been unsheathed, and Governor Zhang owes his loyalty to Marshal Zhang, not to his upstart child or any other member of the Fengtian Clique.
We can't let their corruption rule us! To arms!
We welcome Marshal [FNG.GetLeader]!
Let us send a delegation to the capital. (Switch to [FNG.GetNameDef])
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Rebellion
Following the realisation of Anguojun unification of China, the various cliques and power-holders in China's restored republic have begun to scramble for power and support across the country. Within regionalist sentiment lies a fear of growing government centralisation, corruption within the government ranks (all too well known to the Northeasterners), and a fear of dominance from Dongbei political cliques. With [FROM.GetLeader]'s supporters willing to back their claims with arms, a civil war is likely underway.\n\nThe Central Government of course is expected to have a major advantage, controlling China's major cities and commanding international legitimacy (at least for now) which as given them greater access to loans as well as a larger tax and manpower base to draft an army. The centralised Anguojun however still holds many disloyal regionalists within its ranks. Furthermore, [FROM.GetAdjective] regionalists are confident in the abilities of their forces and expect that others will rise up against the tyrannical dictatorship of the Central Government. And China is no stranger to upsets. What both sides can agree on, however, is that they will not tolerate another warlord era.
$fengtian_endgame_events.005.d.base$\n\n[FROM.GetLeader] and the [FROM.GetRulingParty] have been loosely tied to the Anguojun as of late, with  independent but seemingly compatible roots. Their national ambitions coincided with the Fengtian victory in the North, and rode its wave to unification. Now, however,  with the Central Government attempt to assert its authority over its former allies, it seems that [FROM.GetNameDef] is simply unwilling to accept Dongbei's domination.
$fengtian_endgame_events.005.d.base$\n\nHaving collaborated with the Old Marshal intermittently all throughout the Warlord Era, few would besmirch the Model Governor for throwing his lot once again with the Dongbei divisionaries. And yet, many within Yan's camp insisted upon his inherent kingmaker role within national politics. With the capacity to descend from Shanxi onto the Central Plain in a lightning strike, the notion of Yan's own Presidential ambitions became too much to bear, and thus, the Model Governor emerges after decades of isolation.
$fengtian_endgame_events.005.d.base$\n\nDefiantly loyal to the Old Marshal and Fengtian to the very last, the revolt of [SHD.GetLeader] has proven itself a most stinging rebuke to the Dongbei government. A man once so loyal, a practical extension of the Fengtian clique itself, having cast it all aside to secure his own ambitions. If Dogmeat revolted, then who can be trusted?
Is there no trust anymore?
Rival personalities are bound to clash.
The End of the Provisional Presidency
The Grand Marshal's Favour
The Fengtian Government consists of several corrupt and squabbling factions united only by their shared desire to reclaim all of China. A healthy balance between them all is crucial to the government's stability.\n\n[FNG_communications_clique_influence][FNG_recovery_league_influence][FNG_national_unity_league_influence][FNG_zhang_clique_influence]
§HCommunications Clique§! influence: [?FNG.party_popularity@social_conservative|H%0]\n
§HRecovery League§! influence: [?FNG.party_popularity@authoritarian_democrat|H%0]\n
§HNational Unity League§! influence: [?FNG.party_popularity@authoritarian_democrat|H%0]\n
§HZhang Clique§! influence: [?FNG.party_popularity@paternal_autocrat|H%0]\n
NUL
$FNG_national_unity_league_tt$\n§LA curiosity derived from Herculean efforts to bridge the divide once more between the reformist South and Conservative North, the National Unity League is a political organisation practically frabricated out of the necessity for legitimacy under the new legalistic terms negotiated between leading figures of both the Fengtian Clique, and the various Southern Democrats.\n\nConcealing a mixture of Recovery League politicians, new Beiyang bureaucrats, an influx of young guard troubadours attracted to the Shaoshuai's thin veneer of reformism, various Chinese Constitutionalists, Young China Party members, and many more individuals of numerous affiliations and colours, the League poses little true legislative power; being that of heavily factionalised and marred with ideological chaos.\n\nFew within the League, and even fewer outside of it, seem to truly understand the machinations of the NUL. Led almost entirely by the sheer personality of some of its forefront members, its paradoxical nature has led it to be tugged in all variety of directions, yet it remains held together by common interest to never see China return to the Warlord Era. However such a binding force does little to combat the incessant policy carousel within Beijing.§!\n
National Unity League (Guojia Tongyi Lianmeng)
Shikan Clique
$FNG_shikan_clique_tt$\n§LThe Shikan Clique bears the name of the Rikugun Shikan Gakkō, or \
Shikan Clique (Shiguan Pai)
New People's Society
$FNG_new_peoples_society_tt$\n§LFormed as a mass organisation by politicians and bureaucrats in cooperation with the Japanese military, the New People's Society's sole purpose is to maintain the illusion of self-governance while serving the interests of Japan. Despite being separate from the Concordia Association, Recovery League, and Communications Clique, all associations work in tandem with each other in matters of political and economic affairs, all in the service of their Japanese masters.§!\n
New People Society (Xinminhui)
Fengtian
Fengtian
Fengtian
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Clique
the Fengtian Clique
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
Fengtian Government
the Fengtian Government
China
Chinese
China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
Reformed Government of China
the Reformed Government of China
China
Chinese
China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Republic of China
the Republic of China
Assorted Leaders
Zhang Zuolin
Born to an impoverished family near Shenyang, Zhang Zuolin began his meteoric rise as a bandit exploiting the chaotic military situation of the late Guangxu Era. In the aftermath of the Xinhai Revolution, Zhang was able to secure control of his home province of Fengtian. Zhang's large assortment of alliances, composed of local Beiyang officers and old bandit friends, formed the nucleus of the Fengtian Clique, which would become one of the main Beiyang Clique splinters.\n\nZhang originally made an alliance with Duan Qirui to utilise his Japanese connections for the purpose of securing firearms, but turned on the Anhui Clique alongside the Zhili Clique. The two warlord cliques would later emerge as arch-rivals, a state of affairs still present today. For a time Zhang was the sole controller of Beijing, but the Zhili Clique would restore their control over the city in 1927.\n\nIn the aftermath of the Qing Restoration, Zhang carried out the independence of the Northeast from Beijing's authority and challenged their direct authority to rule China, claiming for himself the mantle of the Xinhai Revolution and rightful heir of the Beiyang Government. Zhang's true commitment to democratic republicanism is dubious at best, but if the Old Marshal can utilise republican rhetoric to restore his status as the internationally recognised government, then so be it.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1875, in Haicheng County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_zuolin_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 19th, 1875, in Haicheng County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_zuolin_bio$§!\n\n§YNotes: Despite his poor literacy and lack of a formal education, the Old Marshal is a capable and self-aware leader with a knack for delegating. His pragmatic nature has many describing him as ideologically 'Pro-Zhang'.§!
Zhang Xueliang
Zhang Xueliang was born into the opposite conditions when compared to his father, the Old Marshal. While Zhang Zuolin was born into poverty and had no formal education, he ensured that his son would be born into a life of privilege and had access to private tutors. Zhang Xueliang would grow up much more open to Western ideas than his conservative father who was disliked by China's intellectual class. Seeking to follow in his father's footsteps, Zhang enrolled in the Fengtian Lecture Hall.\n\nAfter graduating from the artillery department, Zhang Zuolin promoted his son to brigade commander of the guards brigade of the Northeast. When the Fengtian Clique was defeated by the Zhili Clique in the 1st Zhifeng War, Zhang Xueliang was tasked by his father to negotiate a peace. In order to avenge his defeat, Zhang Zuolin began a great modernisation effort in his armies, and Zhang Xueliang was made supervisor of the Northeast Aviation Office, tasked with delivering his father a modern air force which he achieved via the purchase of foreign planes.\n\nThe efforts of the 'Young Marshal' paid off in the 2nd Zhifeng War, which saw the Fengtian Clique secure control of Beijing and dominate Chinese politics.
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1901, in Bajiaotai, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_xueliang_desc_body$ While the Zhangs lost Beijing a year later, the Fengtian Clique has once again taken back Beijing, and now stands as the legitimate government of China. Brimming with ambition, only time will tell if the Young Marshal is up to the task of leading the nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 3rd, 1901, in Bajiaotai, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_xueliang_desc_body$ Unfortunately for the Zhangs, the Zhili Clique restored their control of Beijing just a few years later. Zhang Xueliang has since been helping his father with further modernisations so that one day, father and son can once again rule the Middle Kingdom.§!\n\n§YNotes: He has been known to frequent the Legation Cities to smoke, gamble, and carousing with women, to his father's dismay. Despite this, Zhang shows a genuine interest in politics, being notably more anti-Japanese than his father.§!
Feng Yong
A dear friend of Zhang Xueliang, having been close since childhood, Feng Yong is the eldest son of Feng Delin who was one of the old veterans of the Fengtian Clique, and an ally of Zhang Zuolin. Sharing the same courtesy name as Xueliang, and growing up together, Feng would accompany Xueliang to the Northeast Army Lecture Hall, and similarly to the Baoding Army Officers School. Serving as a staff officer of the Fengtian Aviation Department, he would play a key role in the establishment of the Northeast Air Force.\n\nFollowing the First ZhiFeng War in 1922, Feng would grow disgusted with the concept of war, resigning from the military and became the general manager of Daye Iron Factory, engaging in armament production, and concurrently principal of Daye Factory Engineer School. In 1926 he donated 3.1 million yuan to establish Feng Yong University, serving as its principal — the first Western style university in the Northeast. With free tuition, and the attaching of great importance to military and physical education, his ideas had considerable effect on the Northeast's students.\n\nFollowing the onset of the Fourth and Fifth ZhiFeng Wars, Feng would emerge out of retirement at the behest of Xueliang, but not to fight the Zhili. Organising his own forces, Feng would focus instead on blunting Japanese operations within Manchuria, allegedly on the Old Marshal's consent.
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 23rd, 1901, in Haicheng, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §nYoung China Party§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_feng_yong_desc_body$§!\n\n§YNotes: During his time as principal, Feng would become ingratiated with the Young China Party, transforming his university into one of the most active platforms for the YCP's expansion. Whilst not fully committed to the YCP's operation, he is a card carrying member of the party.§!
Tang Shaoyi
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1862, in Xiangshan County, Guangdong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhat an indignity to suffer? Forced out of retirment to dance at the end of Japanese strings. A loyal statesmen, what some would consider a hero, reduced to a wreck of a man, ostensibly \
Zhu Jiqing
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1882, in Guangning County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!
Zhou Jingwen
§YBorn:§! §L1908, in Jin County, Fengtian Province, Great Qing§!
Wang Shizeng
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Fuling, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!
Ruan Zhenduo
Receiving a standard education, Ruan Zhenduo would graduate from the Japanese styled Nanman Medical College in 1918 after a series of stints in lower educational institutions. Graduating with a medical degree, Ruan would serve as a physician at Fengtian Mantie Hospital, and temporarily served concurrently as a plague prevention physician in Shenyang. From 1919 to 1920, Ruan would study medical chemistry at the School of Medicine in Kyoto Imperial University, and would return to China in 1921 to serve as a school official, and school physician at Northeastern University.\n\nServing as a doctor up until 1924, he would become president of the Fengtian branch of the All-China Medical Association, and in 1928 would be appointed as the Assistant Officer for Plague Prevention. In 1930, Ruan would serve as director of the Changchun Ji-Chang Ji-Dun Railway Hospital, and in the following year he would be appointed as the consultant of the Fengtian Local Maintenance Association.\n\nShooting into politics utilising Japanese contacts, Ruan would be appointed as Secretary-General of the Fengtian Provincial Government, and would establish the Concordia Association, with others from the Manchuria Youth League, in order to be the facet by which Japan influences Fengtian's Assembly. Continuing to dutifully display his expertise in a series of transportaion and communication positions, Ruan would continue to champion the cause of Japan in the rump assembly.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1892, in Tieling County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_ruan_zhenduo_bio$§!\n\nNow head of Japan's Manchuria project, Ruan has been granted almost carte blanche to integrate Manchuria into the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity concept as he and his Japanese backers see fit.
§YBorn:§! §LMay 12th, 1892, in Tieling County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mConcordia Association§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_ruan_zhenduo_bio$§!
Jin Yunpeng
§YBorn:§! §L1877, in Zou County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBrother of Jin Yun'e, the duo would be forced into the \
Pan Fu
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1883, in Jining, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aBeiyang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying to become an imperial scholar, Pan Fu would become a famous local civil servant in Shandong, petitioning for the opening of the Jining railway. During the Xinhai Revolution, Pan would serve as a direct aide to Shanxi Governor Lu Zhongqi, however with Lu dying in battle, Pan would return to Shandong. Serving as a member of the Ministry of Finance in the Nanjing Provisional Government in 1912, he would become a secretary of the headquarters of Jiangsu Governor Cheng Dequan.\n\nServing simultaneously in a series of local Shandong industrial and civil offices, Pan would become a member of Zhang Zuolin's fledgling clique, being appointed a director of the Industrial Department of Shandong by Zhou Ziqi. Serving under Zhou and later Jin Yunpeng, Pan would become counselor to the Minister of Finance in 1915, and later acting president of the National Water Conservancy Bureau. Serving as Financial Undersecretary within Jin Yunpeng's first cabinet, he would see service in a series of financial ministries before resigning to Tianjin in 1921.\n\nAppointed as General Counselor of the Supervisory Office under Zhang Zongchang, Pan would serve as Minister of Finance in Wellington Koo's 1926 Cabinet, and later Minister of Communications. With the establishment of the Anguojun in 1927, Pan Fu would serve as Prime Minister of the Beiyang Republic, and Minister of Communications. Ejected following the Third and Fourth ZhiFeng wars, Pan serves ostensibly as one of the leaders of the \
Cao Rulin
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 2nd, 1877, in Shanghai County, Jiangsu Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cNew Communications Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAttending the Tokyo Law School in 1900, Cao Rulin would return to China in 1904, working in the Department of Commerce, later transferring to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 1910, he would be appointed as Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs by Zaifeng, briefly serving as a lawyer post-Xinhai before returning to politics as a member of the first Beiyang Senate.\n\nLater becoming Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs in 1913, in 1915 Cao would negotiate alongside Lu Zhengxiang on the \
Yang Yuting
and upon returning to China was made a platoon leader in Changchun. After the Xinhai Revolution, Yang went to the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall to serve as an artillery instructor. After Zhang Zuolin took over Fengtian Province, he appointed Yang as his chief of staff.\n\nYang Yuting secretly collaborated with Xu Shuzheng to use Fengtian's military funds to create a new army under their command. Upon finding out, Zhang Zuolin was furious and expelled Yang, who was relegated to Xu's army. In 1921, Zhang Zuolin felt pressured by a lack of capable subordinates, and so recalled Yang to his service to work alongside Wang Yongjiang. The Old Guard of the Fengtian Clique was disfavoured following the failure of the 1st Zhifeng War, and Zhang Xueliang, Guo Songling and Yang Yuting gained more power.
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1886, in Faku, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into the twilight years of the Qing Dynasty, Yang decided to pursue a career in the army. Yang went to Japan to study Artillery, $FNG_yang_yuting_desc_mid$\n\nHowever, the three did not get along, and Guo became increasingly resentful of Yang's increasing favour despite the former's greater commitment in the 2nd Zhifeng War. Guo's resentment boiled over into rebellion, and in the aftermath of his defeat, Yang strongly urged the Old Marshal to execute Guo. Yang's ambitions were finally met with his rise to Chinese leadership, and he will attempt to use Japan for as long as they're useful to China.§!
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1886, in Faku, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PShikan Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into the twilight years of the Qing Dynasty, Yang decided to pursue a career in the army. Yang went to Japan to study Artillery in the 8th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, $FNG_yang_yuting_desc_mid$\n\nHowever, Guo and Yang did not get along, and the former became increasingly resentful of the latter's increasing favour despite the former's greater commitment in the 2nd Zhifeng War. Guo's resentment boiled over into rebellion, and in the aftermath of his defeat, Yang strongly urged the Old Marshal to execute Guo. In the years since, Yang and Zhang have split the young guard of the Fengtian Clique, with Yang's Shikan Clique being composed of officers that studied in Japan and favouring friendship with Tokyo until no longer needed.§!\n\n§YNotes: Yang Yuting is Zhang Xueliang's principle rival. However, his continued rise is seriously hampered by his lack of opportunity to have direct command of an army.§!
Chang Yinhuai
§YBorn:§! §L1888, in Changtu Prefecture, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PShikan Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from the second term of the Fengtian Law School in 1910, Chang Yinhuai would be brought to Heilongjiang by his elder brother, Chang Yinting. He first served as an additional clerk in the Military Supply Department of the Heilongjiang Governor's Office, and later in the headquarters of the Heilongjiang Army's First Division as a major military judge, and director of the Military Law Department. Due to his decisive, ruthless, and daring style of work, he was highly appreciated by Li Jinglin.\n\nIn 1922, Chang served as the Chief of Staff of the Zhenwei Army Cavalry Command. Following the Fengtian army's defeat and subsequent rout due to the First ZhiFeng War, Chang would be appointed by Zhang Zuolin as Director of the Fengtian Provincial Military and Police Law Enforcement Department, severely disciplining various fleeing soldiers and units, swiftly reversing the chaotic retreat. On Yang Yuting's recommendation, Chang would be placed in-charge of vast swathes of troops to suppress bandity, with extreme cruelty.\n\nIn 1925 he became Director of the Beijing-Fengtian Railway Bureau, establishing strict rules and regulations, enforcing capital punishment on occasion. In 1926 he became Director of the Political Affairs Department, and a logistics officer in the Fengtian Army, later becoming Deputy Minister of Transporation for the Republic. Refusing to align with Japan's desires for railway control, Chang would increasingly be pushed into Yang Yuting's camp of the Fengtian Clique, becoming close friends. Now as Minister of Transport in the Fengtian Cabinet, Chang continues his streak of iron-will and arrogance.§!
Li Dingyi
§YBorn:§! §L1899, in Xincheng Prefecture, Jilin Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA man of mysterious background, little is known of Li Dingyi's past. Some allude that he was a descendent of the Miao people, however one thing is for certain, Li Dingyi was beyond talented. Admitted to the Chinese Department of Beijing University in 1920, he would graduate in 1926 and return to Jilin, engaging in teaching and research on the history of Chinese literature.\n\nWith the threat of the Japanese ever present, Li would, out of patriotism, orchestrate the organisation known as the \
Wang Yitang
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Hefei County, Anhui Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_wang_yitang_desc_body$ Now entrusted with stewardship of China, many believe that Wang's ascendance to the presidency is the sign that Anhui's gambit played of.§!
§YBorn:§! §L1878, in Hefei County, Anhui Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aBeiyang§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_wang_yitang_desc_body$§!
Passing the Imperial Examination in 1904, Wang Yitang would request the Qing Court to allow him to study military affairs in Japan, being sent to the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko. After graduation Wang would serve briefly as an intern in an artllery regiment, however due to difficulties with becoming accustomed to the life of a soldier, Wang would change course and study at Hosei University.\n\nReturning to China in 1907, Wang would serve as the director of the Ministry of War, Military Counseler of the Governor-General's Office of the Northeast, and commander of a brigade. Travelling to Russia in 1909 on diplomatic business, Wang would receive the Order of the Precious Star from the Tsar, and would tour a series of European and American countries to investigate military, political and transportation developments. Travelling back home once again, he would serve as General Manager of the Jilin Military Prep Department.\n\nJoining a series of Republican parties in the aftermath of Xinhai, Wang would be elected to the first Senate, joining Li Yuanhong's Republican Party, later merging into the Progressive Party. Serving in Yuan Shikai's Constitutional Conference on behalf of Anhui, Wang would support Yuan Shikai's monarchy ambitions, and after its failure would join Duan Qirui's Anhui Clique.\n\nHaving a tenure as Speaker of the Senate, Wang would organise the Anfu Club Party-State, effectively ruling China through a clique within a clique. Forced to flee to Japan following an arrest warrent after the fall of Anhui, Wang would participate in Duan's 1924 Government under Zhang Zuolin, becoming a vocal proponent and major figure. With Fengtian's withdrawal following the Third ZhiFeng War, Wang would become one of the most important members of the loose \
Zhang Zongxiang
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Wuxing County, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_zongxiang_desc_body$§! Now President of a Pro-Japanese Republic, few look upon their fellow countryman with anything but animosity.
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Wuxing County, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cNew Communications Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_zongxiang_desc_body$§!
Passing the imperial examination at a young age, Zhang Zongxiang would begin his long and storied history with Japanese culture by travelling there in 1899, where he studied at the First Higher School, and the Law Department of the Tokyo Imperial University, and later Meiji University. Returning to China in 1903, he would teach at the Imperial University of Beijing, becoming a Jinshi in the Court. Serving in various ministries, he would even participate in the trial of the attempted assassination of Regent Zaifeng.\n\nSent by Yuan Shikai to participate in the North-South peace talks with Tang Shaoyi in 1911, Zhang would continue his work in Yuan's employ, becoming Minister of Justice in 1914. In 1916 he became Minister to Japan, colluding with the New Communication's Clique to secretly negotiate a dubiously beneficial deal in regards to Chinese debts to Japan. In 1918 he would sign three loans to Japan totalling 60 million yen, giving the Japanese railway and mineral rights, alongside acceding occupation of Jinan and Qingdao to Japan.\n\nRepresenting Beiyang at the Weltkrieg's Spa Peace Conference, news would break out of his Pro-Japan dealings, and he would be denounced, beaten, expelled from his hometown, and forced from his position in the government. In 1920 he would serve as the general manager of the joint Sino-Japanese Bank, and in 1925 as general manager of the Beijing Commercial Bank. In 1928 he would briefly move to Qingdao, before being recalled by his old friends Lu and Cao to join their revived New Communications Clique in Fengtian.
Lu Zongyu
§YBorn:§! §L1876, in Hangzhou Prefecture, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cNew Communications Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a merchant family, Lu Zongyu would enter Nanjing Wenzheng Academy, and in 1899 would study at Waseda University in Law and Economics, at his own expense. In 1902 he returned to China and worked as a tax administrator in Beijing, before teaching at the Jinshi and Police Academy. In 1905, Lu would become Director of the Patrol Police under Xu Shichang, and would later serve as Counselor to Aisin-Gioro Zaize, Minister of Political Affairs.\n\nAccompanying Xu Shichang to serve as General Manager of the Fengtian Foreign Affairs Bureau, Lu would follow Xu back to Beijing in 1908, and in 1910 was a member of the Council of State. An assistant manager in the Bank of Communications, he would soon become acting vice-minister of Finance. In 1913 he was a member of the Senate, and became Chinese minister to Japan that same year.\n\nConveying China's neutral position to Japan's occupation of Shandong, Lu would be at the forefront of Japan's Twenty One Demands, and with Yuan's death, Lu would be recalled. Becoming Chairman of the Board of the Bank of Communications, Lu would be sent by Cao Rulin to negotiate the Nishihara Loan with Zhang Zongxiang, and in 1917 would become general manager of the joint Sino-Japanese bank. In 1919 he would form the New Communications Clique with Cao, but that same year would be beat by protestors alongside Zhang, and dismissed. Serving in the Senate in 1925, Lu would ultimately live in Tianjin, before being called by Cao to join him in Fengtian.§!
Kita Seiichi
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 20th, 1886, in Shiga Prefecture, Japanese Empire§!\n§YAlignment:§! §jKwantung Army§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Kita Saburo, Kita Seiichi would graduate from Shiga Second Middle School, and then from the Japanese Army Academy in 1907. commissioned as an infantry lieutenant, he would serve in the Tianjin Garrison, and in various other positions before enlisting and graduating from the Army War College in 1919.\n\nIn 1920 he would become a company commander, serving in the General Staff, and as an advisor to the Beiyang Government's General Staff. In 1925 he would serve as a section member of the Military Affairs Bureau of the Ministry of the Army, with another carousel of positions on the Japanese General Staff and High Command. Stationed in Nanjing, he would be promoted to an infantry colonel in 1931.\n\nIn 1932 he became an intelligence staff officer of the Shanghai Garrison, and later became a staff officer of the Kwantung Army within Dongbei, serving as chief of the China section of the General Staff. Recently he has been promoted as major general, becoming an official military attache to the Fengtian Government.§!\n\n§YNotes: Considered to be a \
Sun Qichang
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Liaoyang Sub-prefecture, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aBeiyang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTravelling to Japan to study at Tokyo Normal School, Sun Qichang would return to China shortly in 1911 thereafter to serve as principal of Liaoning Normal School, principal of Fengtian Commercial School and secretary of the Heilongjiang Provincial Governor's Office. In 1920 Sun would becoming acting director of the Education Department of Heilongjiang Province, and later that year would transfer to Jilin as the special negotiator of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on behalf of the Beiyang Government.\n\nIn 1925 Sun would serve as director of the Jilin Provincial Department of Finance, and director of a minor banking association, weathering the storm all the way til 1928, wherein Sun would become Director of the Jilin Provincial Department of Construction. Later transferring to Director of Finance, Sun would become deputy minister of finance in 1932. Continuing to travel up the bureaucratic totem pole, Sun would eventually become Minister of Finance of the rump Shenyang Cabinet in 1935.§!
Wang Yintai
§YBorn:§! §L1886, in Linfen County, Shanxi Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGraduating from Tokyo Government No. 1 High School in 1906, Wang Yintai would later travel to Germany to study in the Law Department of the University of Berlin, graduating in 1912. Returning to a completely different nation the follower year, Wang would work as a civil servant within the Legislative Affairs Bureau of the State Council of the Beiyang Government. Even briefly serving as a lecturer in the Law Department of Beijing University. In 1917 Wang would serve as a judge in the High Prosecutor's Office, and in 1919 he would serve as legal advisor of the State Property Management Office.\n\nTransferred to the position of director of the General Affairs Department, he would travel Northeast in 1921 to serve as Zhang Zuolin's advisor. Within Fengtian's 1926 Beiyang Government, Wang would be deputy minister of foreign affairs, representatitve of the Customs Conference and Chairman of the Sino-Russian Negotiation Committee. Serving as Minister of Foreign Affairs in Pan Fu's 1927 cabinet, he would become Chief Justice in 1928.\n\nFollowing Fengtian in retreating North after the Third ZhiFeng War, he would continue to serve in various positions within government as Chief Justice, or as manager of local industrial projects.§!
Li Shaogeng
§YBorn:§! §L1896, in Liaoyang Sub-prefecture, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §cNew Communications Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from Harbin Higher Commercial School, Li Shaogeng would learn two things. Commerce, and a fluency in Russian. In 1920 Li would graduate and serve in the diplomatic section a minor banking firm. In 1924 Li became deputy director of the Municipal Administration Bureau of the Eastern Provinces Special Region, and two years later he would serve as director of the Department of Education of the Eastern Provinces Special Region. Following on in 1926, Li would becoming Acting Consul General in Vladivostok owing to his expertise in Russian.\n\nRemaining in Dongbei during Fengtian's stint in the south, Li would becoming acting chairman of the China Eastern Railway, later becoming superintendent of various other railway enterprises within Dongbei. Corralled into the Communications Clique as his ambitions grew, Li Shaogeng represents one of their many faces in the world of rail.§!
Lu Ronghuan
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Xingren County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LTraversing Fengtian Provincial No. 1 Middle School and Jiangsu Provincial Legislative and Political College in his early years, Lu Ronghuan would initially seek a teaching career at Fengtian Normal Unviersity, Legal and Political College and later the Industrial School. Venturing to become a lawyer, he would serve as the President of Fengtian's Lawyers Association, and in 1917 would be elected to the Fengtian Provincial Assembly, becoming deputy speaker. Sent to Russia as a representative in order to solve a dispute, he would later serve as chairman of the Fengtian Traffic Conference and in other minor bureaucratic positions.\n\nOnce again sent to Moscow to negotiate with the Russians on behalf of Zhang Zuolin, Lu would help spur on an agreement between Fengtian and Russia on the specifics of the border and former Russian assets within Fengtian. In 1924 he would become director of the China Eastern Railway Company, and in 1927 he would serve as supervisor. In 1932 Lu would become Director of the Municipal Preparatory Office within Harbin, later being elected mayor.\n\nContinuing his career, he would advance to the Ministry of the Interior, serving as Minister of the Interior, aiding in providing Zhang Zuolin's government with the much necessitated civilian air of legitimacy.§!
Yuan Jinkai
§YBorn:§! §L1870, in Liaoyang Sub-prefecture, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBecoming a scholar at the age of nineteen, he would study at Cuisheng Academy in Shenyang, becoming friends with the likes of Wang Yongjiang through student reformist efforts. After graduation, Yuan would endeavour to setup a series of private schools in his own village and neighbouring ones, starting a career as a prolific teacher. Inspired by the likes of Xu Zhen, Yuan would also work towards organising village militia to protect the various villages from banditry.\n\nIn 1904 Yuan would serve as the police chief of Lioayang County and general director of the Liaoyang Patrol Police Bureau. Becoming a personal scion of the powerful Zhao Erxun, Yuan would become elected as a member of the Fengtian Consultative Bureau, and upon Wu Jinglian's ascension as Speaker of the Bureau, Yuan would become deputy speaker. Following Zhao Erxun's appointment as governor, Yuan would serve as his counselor and confidant. Appointed as a member of Fengtian's first parliament, he would become the Financial Secretary, and following Zhang Zuolin's rise to power in 1915, would become the Old Marshal's secretary-general.\n\nSeeing a brief stint in various positions ranging from provincial ones to that of the Beijing Provisional Council in 1925, he would serve as senior advisor to the Grand Marshal's Office in 1927, serving as Marshal Zhang's right-hand man in civil affairs.\n\nWith the retreat North, Yuan has continued his service to the Old Marshal, similarly serving in a capacity as a member of the Northeast Political Affairs Committee.§!
Ding Jianxiu
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Xingren County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mConcordia Association§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAnother one of many Chinese born Japanese students, Ding Jianxiu would graduate from Waseda University with an economics degree. Returning to China, he would traverse the Imperial Examination and serve as an official in the Postal and Communications Department. Albeit brief, he would return to Fengtian to serve as a teacher in various schools ranging from primary education to army and police.\n\nIn 1913 Ding would be appointed as a member of the Japanese Language Section of the Fengtian Diplomatic Department, and two years later he would serve as Chief of the Diplomatic Section of the Fengtian Patrol Mission. In the following years Ding would successively serve as director of the Foreign Affairs Office of the Army Headquarters, Counselor of the Governor's Office of Fengtian, General Officer of the Sino-Japanese Joint Gongchang Tieling Mining Company and a General Officer of the Liaoyang Tianli Coal and Iron Company.\n\nDuring the stint of the Fengtian Clique in the South, Ding Jianxiu would follow Yuan Jinkai to serve as an advisor to the Grand Marshal's office. With the retreat north however, Ding would find different facets of employment under the auspices of the Concordia Association, such as serving as Director-General of the Ministry of Communications, and Minister of Industry, a position he still retains.§!
Takema Machino
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1875, in Aizuwakamatsu, Fukushima Prefecture, Japanese Empire§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mConcordia Association§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAn odd fellow amongst Fengtian's inner circles, Takema Machino would start life as the second son of a Samurai, Mizusui Machino. Receiving a traditional education of such a role in life, he would move to Tokyo to become a student of Yamakawa Hiroshi, travelling to the Seijo School, and then the Shikan Gakko, graduating in 1898. Serving as an infantry lieutenant, Takema would fight in the Russo-Japanese War, wounded in-action and choosing to remain in Dalian to recover. Aiding Zhang Zuolin during the Xinhai Revolution, he would attempt to spur on early Manchuria independence attempts but failed.\n\nReturning to Japan in the 1920s, Takema would be elected to the Japanese House of Representatives as a member of Fukushima Prefecture's second district. Serving a singular term in the House, he never lost his interest in defending the integrity of the Fengtian Clique, consistently championing an alliance between Fengtian and Japan.\n\nReturning to China in 1925, he would continue in his service to the Old Marshal, even attempting to intervene during Guo Songling's rebellion, to mediate for both parties. Acting as an intermediary between Japan and Fengtian, Takema is the reasonable force by which Japan's colonial ambitions are moderated.§!\n\n§YNotes: Well liked, reasonable and very much appreciated by the likes of Zhang Zuolin, he is known as a selfless man, and very resourceful.§!
Wu Junsheng
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1863, in Changtu, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a poor horse trader, Wu fed pigs and herded cattle at stores as a child. When he grew up, Wu joined the Qing Military, joining Ding Chunhua's anti-banditry army. By 1897, Wu had become a platoon leader and Ding's right hand man. During the late Qing Dynasty, banditry had become rampant in Shengjing, and Wu took it upon himself to root it all out, becoming the vanguard of anti-banditry action in the Northeast.\n\nIn 1907, Zhang Zuolin met Wu, and the two became lifelong friends and sworn brothers. In the aftermath of the Wuchang Uprising, Wu and Zhang marched into Shenyang to maintain order, petitioning Yuan Shikai to put down the revolution. Wu continually assisted Zhang's ambitions after the Xinhai Revolution, helping him oust Zhang's old bandit leader Feng Delin to become the warlord of Fengtian. In 1921, Zhang Zuolin had secured control of the entire Northeast, and gave Wu control over Heilongjiang.\n\nWu helped the Old Marshal in ending Guo Songling's rebellion, and also fought against the Guominjun. During the Northern Expedition, Zhang Zuoxiang and Wu Junsheng secured the rear as the vanguard pushed south. After the Northern Expedition, Wu returned to his rule of Heilongjiang, alongside his protégés Ma Zhanshan and Wan Fulin. While clumsy in domestic politics, he likes to disguise himself as a scholar, often creating tiger calligraphy and paintings despite his relative lack of skill.§!\n\n§YNotes: Wu Junsheng's friendship with Zhang Zuolin is known to be so deep that Wu is reputed to have told Zhang in 1917, \
Zhang Zuoxiang
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 8th, 1881, in Yizhou, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a poor peasant family, Zhang attended a private school for several years. In 1901, Zhang Zuoxiang joined Zhang Zuolin's 'Insurance Team', a group of bandits that would collect protection fees from villages, merchants, and travellers. Zhang Zuolin's Insurance Team would grow to encompass much of Western Fengtian, persuading the local government to induct Zhang Zuolin's bandits into the government.\n\nIn 1908, Zhang became the first student of the newly opened Northeastern Army Lecture Hall. After the Xinhai Revolution, Zhang helped the Old Marshal win his power struggle against Tang Yulin and Feng Delin and secure control of Fengtian Province.\n\nZhang Zuoxiang would become second to the Old Marshal in the newly established Fengtian Clique. Zhang was made the Director of the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall and trained Zhang Xueliang during his tenure. After Sun Liechen passed away, the Old Marshal made his sworn brother the new governor of Jilin Province.\n\nAfter Guo's Anti-Fengtian Rebellion, Zhang advocated for a lenient approach to the rebels, which Zhang Zuolin heeded. During the Northern Expedition, he and Wu Junsheng secured the rear in support of Sun Chuanfang and Zhang Zongchang. Zhang returned to Jilin after the Northern Expedition, governing the province ably to this day.§!\n\n§YNotes: Zhang Zuoxiang and Zhang Zuolin while sharing a surname and general name are not related, but became sworn brothers during their time as bandits. Well respected for his integrity, humility, approachability, Zhang Zuoxiang wields tremendous respect in the Fengtian Clique.§!
Zhang Tingshu
§YBorn:§! §L1903, in Jinzhou, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA friend of Zhang Xueliang since their joint youth, Zhang Tingshu is the son of Zhang Zuoxiang, the Guardian of Jilin. Studying under a private tuition before being sent to a foreign school for several years, he would return to China, and in 1919 would enlist in the newly rebuilt Northeastern Army Lecture Hall with Zhang Xueliang. Being educated by his father, he would graduate and serve as a colonel in the Northeastern Army.\n\nSelected by Zhang Xueliang to study at the Infantry School in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, he would return to China in 1925 and be promoted to the rank of major-general. Fighting in the Third and Fourth ZhiFeng wars, Zhang would receive commendation for his resilience and swiftness in response to Zhili breakthroughs on the field, and as a result would be entrusted with command of the reorganised 12th Brigade in 1928.\n\nPromoted to Lieutenant General and Commander of the 112th Division in 1932, Zhang Tingshu has been one of the most fierce advocates against Japanese influence within the Fengtian Government, actively fostering a sense of stringent Chinese nationalism and Anti-Japanese sentiment within his division. In 1933, he established covert connections with KMT partisans, providing his division with revolutionary literature, albeit abstaining from party membership.§!\n\n§YNotes: As Zhang Xueliang's childhood friend, he continuously ushers the Young Marshal to take a stronger stand against the Japanese, no matter the price.\nWith a burning patriotic sentiment, he is known to prefer fighting on the frontlines as opposed to any staff position.§!
Wang Shuchang
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 11th, 1885, in Liaozhong, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a wealthy family, Wang was admitted to Fengtian University. With his outstanding performance, Wang Shuchang would be selected to study abroad in Japan. In 1908, after finishing studies in the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko and interning in a Japanese infantry battalion, Wang attended the 8th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy at Xu Shichang's recommendation to study infantry. After returning to China, he joined the Provisional government in Nanjing, serving as a clerk. The following year, Wang went north to Beijing and served in the General Staff with the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Wang continued his military education in 1917 as he enrolled in the 13th Class of the Army War College in Japan, and he would become a senior official in the General Staff after returning in 1920.\n\nWang's career in the Fengtian Clique began in 1921 when he was brought into Zhang Zuolin's army as Wu Junsheng's chief of staff. After the 1st Zhifeng War, Wang served as a brigade commander under Wu Junsheng in Heilongjiang before becoming a senior counsellor of the Old Marshal. By 1928, Wang, earning the rank of Lieutenant General in 1927, became director of the Military Affairs Department of the Northeast whilst simultaneously serving as a member of the Heilongjiang Provincial Government. Wang lacks close political connections many high-ranking Fengtian officers and government officials possess but is nonetheless respected for his diligence.§!\n\n§YNotes: Despite his studies in Japan, he has no special relationship with the Concordia Association or Shikan Clique. Wang has been known to intentionally avoid praising or disparaging Japan, except when made absolutely necessary.§!
Ma Zhanshan
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1885, in Huaide County, Jilin District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into poverty, Ma Zhanshan grew up a sickly child. At the age of 7, Ma herded horses for Jiang Shun, a landlord from Jiangjiawezi village, which helped develop his horsemanship skills. In 1903, Jiang accused Ma of stealing horses, and the latter had to flee into the Harabala Mountains to become a bandit. Ma Zhanshan's bandit gang was incorporated into the local guerilla force for the purpose of maintaining social order by the Huaide County Government after the Russo-Japanese War of 1905. Three years later, Ma's guerilla force was incorporated into the regular Qing Army.\n\nIn 1911, Ma joined Wu Junsheng's Patrol Battalion, and the latter would become his mentor. When Zhang Zuolin granted Wu control of Heilongjiang, Ma was promoted by his mentor to the rank of regiment commander. During Guo Songling's Anti-Fengtian rebellion, Ma defeated Guo in Baiqibao and captured him and his wife alive. His accomplishments earned him a promotion to commander of the 2nd Cavalry Army. After Wu returned to Heilongjiang after the Northern Expedition, Ma was stationed in Heihe as division commander. While he is junior in rank to Wan Fulin, Ma remains more active in the governance of Heilongjiang.§!\n\n§YNotes: Ma is known for being courageous and stubborn, no doubt a product of his tumultuous childhood. The former bandit-turned soldier is well liked amongst the populace of Heilongjiang, having committed much of the provincial resources towards reform. Ma has grown increasingly sympathetic to Zhang Xueliang over the years.§!
Wan Fulin
§YBorn:§! §L1880, in Nong'an, Jilin District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into poverty, Wan Fulin found work as a porter for the wealthy and herded animals. When the Eight Nation Alliance invaded China, the Nong'an Gentry established a village association, and Wan became a militia soldier. The leaders of the village association later on decided to establish a bandit gang, which Wan became part of. Bandit suppression commander Wu Junsheng, who was stationed in Jilin, pressed Wan to surrender to him, and immediately brought him into his Jinbian army.\n\nWan would continue to rise in the ranks under Wu's wing, becoming a major general by 1921 while his mentor became the warlord of Heilongjiang. During the 1st Zhifeng War, Wan served in the reserves and did not see active combat. In the 2nd Zhifeng War, Wan personally went to the front at Shanhaiguan and contributed greatly to the capture of Rehe. When Guo Songling rebelled against Zhang Zuolin, Wan assisted in putting down his rebellion and was rewarded with command of the 8th Army.\n\nIn 1928, Wan was made Deputy commander of Heilongjiang Security under Wu Junsheng. Wan for his part has little interest in the governance of Heilongjiang, preferring to delegate his political responsibilities to his son and military concerns to the head of police. However, should the Old Marshal call him and Wu to serve once more, Wan will undoubtedly return the call.§!\n\n§YNotes: Wan is known for indecisiveness, often being derided as a mediocre officer and only having risen to his current position due to his loyalty to Wu Junsheng. Interestingly, Wan is known for his care of the poor despite his lack of interest in politics.§!
Zang Shiyi
§YBorn:§! §LOctober, 1884, in Fengtian, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a poor family, Zang Shiyi studied at the Fengtian Army Primary School before being sent to Japan in 1909. After completing preparatory studies at the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko and interning in the Japanese Army, Zang enrolled in the 8th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, where he studied cavalry. Upon his return to China in 1911, he initially served as a tactics tutor at the Baoding Military Academy and was later assigned as a junior officer in the Northeast, where Zang earned the favour of Jilin warlord Sun Liechen, a veteran of Zhang Zuolin. As one of Sun's trusted staff members and a skilled commander, Zang was authorised to act as the governor of Jilin in Sun's absence. Zang's effective administrative abilities quickly caught the attention of the Old Marshal himself.\n\nFollowing the 2nd Zhifeng War, Zhang appointed Zang to work alongside Yang Yuting in governing Jiangsu Province as Yang's chief of staff. When Zhili forces surrounded Jiangsu, Zang assisted Yang Yuting in escaping, though he himself was captured by Sun Chuanfang for a year. After the 3rd Zhifeng War, Zhang Zuolin appointed Zang as the Civil Governor of Fengtian Province, a position he continues to hold. Zang is renowned for his adept management of the province's finances.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although a not strictly a member of any clique, Zang is known for having a good relationship with both Zhang Xueliang and Yang Yuting. Like many of his peers, Zang views cooperation with Japan as useful, but is cautious about allowing their influence to spread further.§!
Zhang Haipeng
§YBorn:§! §L1867, in Gaiping County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mConcordia Association§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBefore the Sino-Japanese War, Zhang was a bandit in the service of Feng Delin. After the Sino Japanese War, Feng Delin's bandit army was incorporated into the Qing Army, and Zhang became a patrol leader. Afterwards, Zhang studied at the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall. In 1910, Zhang Haipeng met another former bandit Zhang Zuolin, and the two became sworn brothers due to their shared surname. Zhang Haipeng continued to serve Feng Delin after the Xinhai Revolution up to 1917.\n\nHe defected to Zhang Zuolin after Feng was arrested by Duan Qirui for having supported Zhang Xun's Qing Restoration. By 1923, Zhang was commander-in-chief of Harbin-Northeast Army of the Middle East Railway. In 1927, Zhang served as the garrison commander of Taoliao in Fengtian Province. In 1931, Zhang Zuolin tasked him with putting down a Mongol rebellion. After the Japanese intervention in the 4th Zhifeng war, Zhang Heipeng has been an outspoken supporter of increased ties with Tokyo.§!\n\n§YNotes: He has served as an official in three provinces and could be considered largely apolitical. However he is known for greed, selfishness, and bribe-taking, particularly from the Japanese. He also has a history of drug trafficking via Mantetsu, and forces civilians to grow a large amount of opium on his lands. He is a member of the Concordia Association.§!
Tang Yulin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 1871, in Yizhou, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into poverty, Tang's family was unable to provide him an education. He spent his childhood herding cattle and sheep for the wealthy. When he was a teenager, Tang transported goods between Chaoyang and Fuxin. Eventually, Tang was robbed and he decided to become a bandit himself, eventually becoming the King of Jinxi Hongluo Mountain. Tang became friends and sworn brothers with fellow bandit Zhang Zuolin when the former came to the latter's rescue when he was being attacked by bandit Jin Shoushan.\n\nThe two merged their bandit forces and came into contact with Zhang Jinghui and Zhang Zuoxiang, and they would form the nucleus of what eventually became the Fengtian Clique. After the Russo Japanese War, Zhang's forces were incorporated into the Qing Army, and Tang was tasked with eliminating the bandit Du Lisan. When Zhang Zuolin took control of Fengtian Province, Tang Yulin and the Old Marshal became increasingly estranged over Zhang's preferential treatment of Zhang Zuoxiang and Tang's increasing arrogance.\n\nTang colluded with Feng Delin to oust Zhang, which failed and the former later tried to support Zhang Xun's failed Restoration coup. Tang was later brought back into the Fengtian Clique by Zhang Jinghui and Ji Jinchun. Zhang and Tang's relationship would be fully mended after the latter's contributions to the defeat of Guo Songling's rebellion. After the Northern Expedition, Tang was appointed as governor of Rehe by the Old Marshal, and has remained there ever since.§!\n\n§YNotes: Tang is a proponent of reclaiming Chahar from the Mongols, which Zhang Zuolin has refused thus far. His nickname is the Big Tiger because of his professed love for the animal, and he frequently greets guests from a tiger-skin sofa. He even claims to have ridden a tiger while hunting in 1929.§!
Bao Wenyue
§YBorn:§! §L1892, in Fengcheng, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LDespite being a native of the Northeast and of Manchu ethnicity, Bao Wenyue spent his teenage years in Beijing, seeking refuge with his brothers from their uncle who resided there after Bao lost his father at the age of 8. Before attending the Staff College in 1919, Bao studied at the Capital Army Primary School, Qinghe Army Preparatory School, and joined the 2nd Class of the Baoding Military Academy, specialising in infantry. He also served as a junior officer in the 2nd Division stationed in Hubei.\n\nUpon his graduation from the Staff College in 1922, Bao returned home to serve the Fengtian Clique. He joined the Young Marshal's service, assuming the role of his Chief of Staff and aiding the Young Marshal in various conflicts with the Zhili Clique. Following the 3rd Zhifeng War, Zhang Xueliang's influence in the army grew significantly, prompting him to petition the Old Marshal to appoint Bao as the new principal of the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall. Bao's position enables Zhang Xueliang to wield greater influence over the emerging officers from the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall.§!\n\n§YNotes: Widely viewed as Zhang Xueliang's right-hand man, Bao is the Young Marshal's Chief Thinker for military strategy. Additionally, Bao is a co-founder and the vice-chairman of the alumni association of the Staff College and he has a good relationship with his schoolmates in Baoding and the Staff College.§!
Zhang Jinghui
Zhang Jinghui was born in a peasant family. When he was young, he followed his father to sell tofu for a living. Later, he set up an \
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1871, in Bajiaotai, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_jinghui_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1871, in Bajiaotai, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mConcordia Association§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhang_jinghui_bio$§!
Feng Zhanhai
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1889, in Jinxian County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai§!\n§YBackground:§! §LIn his childhood, Feng raised pigs and attended private school. In 1917, Feng chose to join his uncle Zhang Zuoxiang in the Fengtian Clique as a serviceman. Later on, Feng joined the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall for further studies. Upon graduating, Feng served as the captain adjutant of the 108th division of the 27th army, and continued rise in rank, achieving commander status by 1925. Feng was stationed in Jilin after his uncle Zhang Zuoxiang was promoted to governor of the province. Command of the Guard Regiment of the Jilin Governor's Office fell to Feng, which he served dutifully.\n\nFeng's uncle Zhang Zuoxiang, unlike the Old Marshal's other friend Wu Junsheng, demonstrated a strong talent for administrative affairs. During his governorship, Zhang clarified the authority of officials, enforced meritocracy, cracked down on banditry, made the province free of opium, reformed taxation, fixed Jilin's fiscal deficit, and spent the surplus on public welfare, railway construction, water plants, rank embankments, asphalt roads, and primary and secondary schooling. Zhang's affinity for governance and strong moral character rubbed off on Feng, who became increasingly disgruntled with increasing Japanese influence in the Northeast in recent years.§!\n\n§YNotes: Feng is a close ally of Zhang Xueliang's faction of the Young Guard, and promotes a reformist minded agenda to his uncle in Jilin.§!
Su Bingwen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1892, in Xinmin, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen Su Bingwen decided to pursue a life in the army in 1905, he joined Fengtian Army Primary School and subsequently the First Qinghe Army Secondary School. In 1912, Su was admitted into the 1st Class of the Baoding Military Academy to study infantry. After graduating in 1914, he was assigned to the Model Regiment of the Ministry of Army as a junior officer by Yuan Shikai. When Zhang Xun attempted to restore the Qing monarchy in 1917, Su participated in the battle as a battalion commander to end Zhang's coup. During the Weltkrieg, Su was part of a Chinese force sent to the Russian Far East, and was stationed in Vladivostok. Wang Huaiqing brought Su into the Zhili Clique after the Zhili-Anhui War in 1920, but the latter was dismissed due to his Northeast origins during the 1st Zhifeng War.\n\nSu spent two years in Fujian before Guo Songling brought Su into the Fengtian Clique. Guo deployed Su during his rebellion against the Old Marshal, but Guo's rebellion was put down before Su saw real action. Su was folded into the 6th Brigade as Chief of Staff, and caught Zhang Xueliang's attention due to his success in defeating the Guominjun in 1926. After Zhang Zuolin was forced beyond the Great Wall in the 3rd Zhifeng War, Su was placed in Heilongjiang in the service of Wu Junsheng and Wan Fulin. During his time in Heilongjiang, he helped establish collective factories for the locals.§!\n\n§YNotes: While Su serves the Heilongjiang Clique, it is widely known that his loyalty lies with his patron, Zhang Xueliang. Like the Young Marshal, Su is opposed to increasing Japanese influence in Fengtian.§!
Yu Zhishan
§YBorn:§! §L1879, in Bajiaotai, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn Yu Shiwen, he was raised in a landlord family in Fengtian. Despite his upbringing, Yu turned to banditry in his youth, joining Du Lisan's gang. Like many other bandits, Yu joined the Qing Army in 1903. In 1914, after the Xinhai revolution, Yu Zhishan went to the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall to study and became an Infantry Colonel in 1920 under Zhang Zuolin.\n\nRising through the ranks during the Warlord era, Yu became Zhang's attache. Yu was later sent to Shandong during the 1927 crisis leading up to the third Zhili-Fengtian war. While ultimately Zhang's plan was unsuccessful, Yu was recalled to Manchuria and given a promotion for his efforts. When Zhang lost Beijing, Yu retreated back to Fengtian, and has been ruling a significant portion of the Eastern parts of the province ever since.§!\n\n§YNotes: After the 4th Zhifeng War, Japanese influence increased greatly in the Northeast. Although not part of the Shikan Clique or the Concordia Association, Yu is seen as a proponent of closer relations with Japan in Zhang Zuolin's inner circle. He is also extremely ambitious and will not hesitate to betray Zhang should the opportunity for personal gain arise.§!
Zou Zuohua
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1894, in Jilin Prefecture, Jilin District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn into a wealthy merchant family, Zou Zuohua had the privilege of attending a higher primary school and later enrolling in a series of military institutions in the Northeast and Beijing. This would culminate with his enrollment with the 5th Class of the Baoding Military Academy in 1916. A year later, alongside the likes of other talents including He Zhuguo, this brilliant student would be provided with the opportunity to study in the 12th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy where he was trained in artillery.\n\nWith the situation in China deteriorating, his skills were needed for the divided nation and he returned in 1919 to serve as an artillery instructor and a battalion commander under the Anhui Clique. After the Zhili-Anhui War in 1920, many Anhui forces were incorporated into the Zhili Army, but Zou opted to join the Fengtian Army instead. Joining the Fengtian Clique as a staff officer, Zou's artillery skills made him a rising star within the Fengtian Army, becoming a regimental commander by 1922 and a brigade commander with the rank of Major General by 1925.\n\nThat same year, Zou served as Guo Songling's chief of staff in his unsuccessful rebellion against Fengtian. Zhang Zuolin ended up pardoning him on Zhang Zuoxiang's advice, and the young officer demonstrated unwavering loyalty to the Old Marshal. After Zhang Zuolin lost Beijing to Wu Peifu, Zou, appointed as the artillery director of the Fengtian Army, has been hard at work rebuilding the Northeastern Army, utilising his extensive expertise in artillery to train a new generation of soldiers for the Old Marshal.§!\n\n§YNotes: Although he was trained in Japan, Zou has no affiliation with Yang Yuting's Shikan Clique. Zou is personally loyal to Zhang Zuolin, though is considered an apolitical officer with great talent.§!
He Zhuguo
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Rong County, Guangxi Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn to a poor peasantry and orphaned as a child, He Zhuguo relied on his elder brother for his sustenance. After studying in a government school and a preparatory army primary school in Guangzhou, he enrolled in the 6th class of the Baoding Military Academy in 1917, and with remarkable performance, he was transferred to the 12th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy to study cavalry with government sponsorship at the same year.\n\nBefore joining the Fengtian clique in 1922 upon the invitation of Zou Zuohua, who studied in the same class as He, he served as a tutor, head of a cavalry squad and a translator in Baoding after his return in 1919. When the Second Zhili-Fengtian War broke out, He, who worked as a tactic tutor and head of cavalry of the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall, was selected as the operational staff officer of Zhang Xueliang. When Guo Songling revolted against the Fengtian clique in 1925, the Young Marshal appointed him as the commander of cavalry reinforcements, with which he captured Guo Songling himself in a surprise attack together with Ma Zhanshan, and was thus promoted to a regimental commander.\n\nAfterwards, He, who was regarded by Zhang Xueliang as one of his most valued subordinates, fought for the Zhangs in various conflicts and rose in the ranks steadily. As the Fengtian army expands and loyal talents are sought, he now takes charge as a general with support from the Young Marshal.§!\n\n§YNotes: He is loyal to his patron Zhang Xueliang, and shares his distrust of Japanese influence.§!
Yu Zhen
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Tieling County, Fengtian Prefecture, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PShikan Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LStudying at the Japanese Army Academy in 1906, Yu Zhen would graduate and return to China to serve as a staff officer at the Fengtian Military Governor's Office, before becoming the inspector general of the Fengtian Provincial Police Department, and later deputy director of the Special Police Directorate of the Three Northeastern Provinces. In 1914 he became supervisor of the Fengtian Army Supplementary School, adjutant of the Taoliao Garrison, Chief of Staff of the 29th Division and also that of the Heilongjiang Dujun's Office.\n\nIn 1918, Yu Zhen would work with Yang Yuting to expand their influence and power albeit would be dismissed by Zhang Zuolin only to be re-commissioned in 1921. During this time, Yu would work with Yang Yuting, Jiang Dengxuan, Han Linchun, and Ji Yiqiao to form the \
Liu Zhendong
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Yishui County, Shandong Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LWhen Liu Zhendong studied in a primary school in his hometown, he was regarded as an outstanding student, unfortunately, he had to abandon his studies and join his father to do wood craftsmanship in a bid to sustain his family. In 1911, 19-year-old Liu migrated to Northeast China with his father to make a better living.\n\nBefore entering the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall with the referral of Guo Songling, Liu first worked as a letter writer and joined the Fengtian army as a clerk in 1918. After graduating, he stayed in Guo Songling's force as a junior commander and took part in the Second Zhili-Fengtian War. When Guo revolted against the Fengtian clique, Liu followed as a divisional commander under him. Despite so, Liu was eventually pardoned and he enrolled in the Staff College in 1927, becoming the cadet with the highest rank in his class. As a well-educated and passionate officer, Liu stands out in the ranks of the Fengtian clique when new groups of officers are promoted. Yet, it is noteworthy that Liu seems to have some strong opinions against Japanese presence in the Northeast provinces and the pro-Japanese elements of the so-called Shikan clique.§!
Zhou Fucheng
§YBorn:§! §L1897, in Fengtian, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LLike many officers in the Fengtian Army, Zhou Fucheng studied in the Fengtian Army Primary School before enrolling in the 9th class of the Baoding Military Academy in 1919 after finishing his secondary studies in his hometown. Although Zhou studied infantry in Baoding, he began his military career as a platoon commander in the forces stationed in Heilongjiang under Wu Junsheng, the well-known old cavalier who was then a divisional commander, after graduating in 1923. Zhou participated in the 3rd and the 4th Zhili-Fengtian Wars and rose through the ranks thanks to his performance as a well-trained officer in the front against Zhili troops. Zhou would already be a regimental commander by 1927, and he was promoted to a divisional commander not long ago in replacement of his incapable superior.\n\nAs a surefooted and domestically trained officer, Zhou received much recognition within the Fengtian clique(excluding some senior members who are part of the Shikan clique), especially from the Young Marshal who values talents in the army, it is also why he is now given command authority as a senior general. Having that said, Zhou is not particularly interested and involved in the politics of the clique, but he seems to be concerned with the Japanese presence in his home province.§!
Guo Enlin
§YBorn:§! §L1893, in Liaoyang, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PShikan Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA relatively young officer in the Fengtian clique, Guo Enlin received extensive military training that many (if not most) of his superiors and colleagues could hardly compare with him. After finishing his education in a military primary school in Fengtian, Guo enrolled in the 5th Class of the Baoding Military Academy in 1915 and studied artillery. Instead of concluding his military studies, Guo decided to further his cadet life in Japan as he enrolled in the 12th Class of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy to study infantry with government sponsorship. Unlike most of his compatriots who would return to China after studying in the Academy, Guo joined a Japanese artillery regiment as an intern and later entered the 4th class of the Army War College of Japan in 1923.\n\nGuo finished his military studies in Japan in 1925 and joined the Fengtian army as a senior staff under Zhang Zuoxiang, Guo was also responsible for the training of armies in Jilin. Although he missed the first two Zhili-Fengtian Wars, Guo still proved himself as a capable staff in the other two conflicts with the Zhili clique. As a well-educated officer who studied modern warfare in Japan, Guo's skills would be valuable. Guo is very close to the Shikan clique and has expressed his admiration for the Japanese Army openly, very likely related to his educational background.§!
Guo Xipeng
§YBorn:§! §L1890, in Gaiping County, Shengjing District, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LComing from a merchant family in a small county, Guo Xipeng was able to receive both primary and secondary education in his hometown. After studying briefly at the Fengtian School of Law and Political Science, Guo attended the Northeastern Army Lecture Hall and studied cavalry. Before being sent to Japan to receive more modern military training, Guo served as a junior cavalry commander and fought in the First Zhili-Fengtian War in 1922.\n\nIn Japan, Guo studied at a cavalry school in Chiba (some people in the Fengtian Army always think that he went to the Imperial Japanese Army Academy), later he enrolled in the Army War College of Japan to study modern military science and warfare. In 1925, Guo returned as a commander of a cavalry regiment under Yu Zhishan, he would command a cavalry brigade the next year, operating in the plains of Chahar during the Zhili-Fengtian Wars in 1927 and 1928. Guo would continue to rise in the Fengtian army as an able cavalier. His knowledge of modern warfare learned in Japan would be a great addition to the Fengtian Army, and Guo is known for not working with the Shikan clique or the Concordia association despite having studied in Japan.§!
Ji Yiqiao
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Fang County, Hubei Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PShikan Clique§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrowing up in Hubei province, Ji Yiqiao received a modern education at a school founded by Zhang Zhidong, the famed late Qing dynasty reformer. In 1906, he would be sponsored by the Fengtian provincial government to study at the Rikugun Shikan Gakkō in Tokyo. Returning to China in 1911, he briefly taught at the Baoding Military Academy before taking part in the Xinhai Revolution in Shanghai, participating in the capture of Nanjing. After tensions between Sun Yat-sen and Yuan Shikai came to a head in 1912 culminating in the Second Revolution, Ji would join the war on the side of the revolutionaries, going into exile after its defeat. Later on at the invitation of Tang Jiyao, he would go to Yunnan to serve as an instructor at the Kunming Military Academy. Eventually in 1922, his old classmate Yang Yuting invited him to join the Fengtian army as chief of staff of Han Linchun's division. Serving with distinction since then, Ji has proven himself to be a capable commander in the Second Zhifeng war, the suppression of Guo Songling's rebellion and the two subsequent Zhifeng wars. It was during the Third and Fourth Zhifeng wars where Ji would demonstrate his true skill as a commander, outmanoeuvring and cutting off a significant Zhili force in Henan province. Despite Fengtian's defeat, Ji would remain a capable officer and a senior member of Yang Yuting's Shikan Clique.§!\n\n§YNotes: While a senior member of the Shikan Clique, Ji maintains good relations with many members of Fengtian's high command, including the Shaoshuai Clique. He is also wary of the growing Japanese influence in Northeastern China, with him personally being extremely suspicious of Japanese intentions.§!
Zhou Yawei
A strident and committed student at a young age, Zhou Yawei would enter into a standard education, yet at the age of 18 he would be recruited by Qiu Jin to join the Restoration Society. An anti-Qing revolutionary organisation circulated mainly around Jiangsu and Zhejiang, it was founded by the likes of Tao Chengzhang, Zhang Taiyan and Cai Yuanpei. Focusing on a paramilitary form of organisation, they would attempt multiple unsuccessful uprisings, of which, Zhou participated in.\n\nAfter the Xinhai Revolution, Zhou would briefly associate with Ge Jingen before attending the Army University. Marrying his fellow Restoration Society member Yin Ruizhi, Zhou would graduate and attend the Japanese Army University. Returning to China in 1924, he would serve as section chief of the Military Science Department of the Beiyang Government, and Chief of Staff of the Third and Fourth Corps of the Fengtian Army.\n\nPromoted to Director of the Military Science Department of the Three Northeastern Provinces Security Command in 1928, he would become Chief Instructor of the Army Officer Training Corps in 1934, becoming dean of the Northeast Army University. Under his auspices, Zhou set about reviving the Restoration Society with his wife as a form of pseudo-paramilitary nationalist political party, albeit achieving moderate success.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1889, in Shengxian County, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhou_yawei_bio$§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 1889, in Shengxian County, Zhejiang Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §mRestoration Society§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$FNG_zhou_yawei_bio$§!
Shen Honglie
§YBorn:§! §L1882, in Tianmen, Hubei Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §PZhang§!\n§YBackground:§! §LShen Honglie, when as a young man with the ambition to plough through, saw the weaknesses of the Chinese Navy very early, and decided to be a general of the navy. In 1906, he attended the Imperial Japanese Naval Academy, where he joined the Tongmenghui (the China Alliance Committee). When he returned home after graduation, he was ordered to instigate the naval anti-Qing campaign in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River in Hubei, but failed to enter the naval forces. At that time, the mainstream figures of the Navy were all studied in Britain, and most of them were from Fuzhou. Obviously, Shen Honglie, who studied in Japan and was from Hubei, could not be accommodated. Later, he went to Beijing to serve as a naval attaché of the EuroWatch Regiment in 1916. After 1920, he became Zhang Zuolin's confidant, helping the latter to build the Northeastern Navy. After several Zhili-Fengtian Wars, he became the commander-in-chief of the Northeastern Navy, monopolising the power of it.\nAlthough he had a background of studying in Japan, he did not join the Concordia Association, but was a member of the Zhang Clique.§!
Yin Zuoqian
§YBorn:§! §L1887, in Zhijiang, Hunan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §L\
Meng Tieqiao
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Great Qing§!
Xie Gangzhe
§YBorn:§! §L1885, in Huayang County, Sichuan Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEntering the third class of the Fuzhou Armed Forces School, Xie Gangzhe would graduate and travel to Japan for further sutdy at the Tokyo Merchant Marine School, and the Yokosuka Naval Gunnery and Torpedo School. After Xinhai, he would serve as director of the Military Information Department of the Navy Ministry of the Nanjing Provisional Government, and later as director of the Sixth Bureau of the Beijing Government Staff Headquarters.\n\nIn 1925 he would be appointed Chief of Staff of the Northeast Naval Command, and in 1934 he would become a subordinate commander to Shen Honglie.§!
Li Guidan
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 1st, 1913, in Xinmin County, Fengtian Province, Republic of China§!\n§YAlignment:§! §LApolitical§!\n§YBackground:§! §LEndeavouring to engage in air warfare and be a daring pilot, Li Guidan would enlist in the Fengtian Air Academy in 1930, graduating in 1932, and being admitted to the Second Class of the Fengtian Aviation School. After graduation a year later, he would serve as a flight instructor for Fengtian's meagre air force, and leader of the flight departments pursuit group, simultaneously serving as an Air Force Squadron Captain.§!
Tong Yanbo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1911, in Yizhou, Fengtian Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSire of a prosperous family with numerous siblings, Tong Yanbo's father would be a role model for everything in his life. A strict, frugal, detail-oriented man who was simultaneously benevolent, it would result in Tong adopting an ascetic lifestyle. Studying in his local county, Tong would be a gifted and dilligent student, even skipping two whole grades in his youth due to execellent academic character and performance. Admitted to Northeastern University in 1928, he would study in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, being cheerful, steady, straightforward and generous. Paying close attention to his appearance and politeness, he would become close friends with Zhang Xueliang, frequently playing tennis with the Young Marshal.\n\nInspired by the patriotism exhibited by the Young Marshal, Tong would enlist in the Fengtian Air Force at the request of Xueliang. Majoring in bombing during his studies, he would graduate in 1935, staying at his school as a flight instructor, and one of the Young Marshal's burgeoning Air Force Aces.§!
Gao Zhihang
§YBorn:§! §LMay 14th, 1907, in Tonghua County, Fengtian Province, Great Qing§!\n§YAlignment:§! §aShaoshuai§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdmitted to the Northeast Army Officer Training Class in 1920, Gao Zhihang would later be selected to study aircraft piloting in France for two years in 1924. Majoring in Fighter Aircaft, Gao would briefly serve in Nancy in the 23rd Fighter Regiment of the French Army Air Force. Returning to China in 1927, Gao would be appointed by Zhang Xueliang as a major pilot within the Flying Eagle Squadron of the Northeast Aviation Department, serving as a major instructor of the Northeast Aviation Education Class.§!
The Dashuai Clique
§YBackground:§! §LMade up mainly of Zhang Zuolin's inner circle and other associates from his bandit past, the Old Marshal's Clique represents a significant but ageing majority of Fengtian command. Its members' true strength lies in their easy access to Zhang himself, followed closely by their branching connections across the Northeast. While their way of war may be outdated and their military roles sidelined, the Old Guard's influence still may prove useful politically.§!
The Shaoshuai Clique
§YBackground:§! §LThe Young Marshal's 'clique' is a mix of Zhang Xueliang's personal friends and audacious young officers following on his coattails. Many have received a formal military education in Chinese and western schools, or at the very least regard modern military methods and technology with some excitement. For Zhang Xueliang in particular, this has culminated in a passion for aerial warfare and the usage of concentrated artillery fire on the battlefield in supporting well disciplined infantry assaults.§!
The Shikan Clique
§YBackground:§! §LThe Shikan Clique bears the name of the Rikugun Shikan Gakkō, or 'Imperial Army Academy'; Japan's premier military school. Most of its members have studied there or at other elite Japanese schools, bringing a distinctly Japanese military mindset to the Fengtian Clique. While not strictly holding Pro-Japanese sentiments, they often find themselves turning to Japanese associates for both knowledge and help. Strategically, the Shikan Clique in favour of superior military planning, elite infantry assault forces and heavy artillery fire.§!
General Staff of the Anguojun
§YBackground:§! §LWith the current army of the Fengtian Government officially being the Anguojun, there still remains a myriad of experienced officers from the Fengtian Government's days south of the Great Wall of China not aligned with any paritcular faction within the Fengtian army. While perhaps not favouring a particular strategic direction, the unaligned officers on the general staff continue to develop new ideas and strategies.§!
Tiger of the North
§LA native of Fengtian province through and through, Zhang Zuolin has risen from a life of poverty in rural Dongbei to the position of Grand Marshal of the Anguojun. Of numerous names, and a capable strategist, Marshal Zhang is undoubtedly as fierce as a tiger.§!
Light in the North
Marshal of Destiny
Unwilling Participant
Tofu President
$FNG_jovial_japanophile$
Anfu Socialist
Pan-Asian Proponent
Dongbei Daydreamer
Reinstated Assemblyman
Calculating Comptroller
Enterprising Diplomat
Adaptable Executive
Prosperous Attorney
Pliant Police Chief
Managerial Pedagogue
King of Heilongjiang
Guardian of Jilin
Rehe Tiger
Young Marshal
Resolute Educator
Parliamentary Physician
Political Economist
$FNG_political_economist$
Institutional Industrialist
Quartermaster in Chief
Jiwei Dragon
$FNG_jiwei_dragon$
Jovial Japanophile
Capitulating Counselor
China's Puppeteer
Defiant Disciplinarian
$FNG_defiant_disciplinarian$
Old Marshal
Kwantung Liaison
§GNegates the chances of aggressive Japanese responses to our actions.§!
The Old Marshal's Posse
On Daring Wings
On Daring Wings
Spirit and Steel
Spirit and Steel
The Moral Republic
Establishing Republican Legitimacy
As a nation, China appears to have utterly lost itself; its national character, the very structure by which families are brought together, and by which society prospers. Abounding ever since November 4th, there has been a great recoil from the merits of Confucianism, yet equally Neo-Confucianism has brough forward a rejuvenated strain of the all-encompassing national philosophy, and such traditions must be respected.
The notion of a Chinese Republic has seen itself muddied, or otherwise confused over the long decades of the Republican Experiment. Unable to truly grasp its true purpose, and sometimes even briefly fading back into autocratic despotism, the Republic is in dire need of true legitimacy; one untainted by mismanagement and kleptocracy, and fueled by genuine intent for a strong and resilient nation-state.
Rulership as a Family Business
Reign of the Meritorious
Unsuited to the presidency, either out of apathy, desire to remain close to military matters, or insecurities considering his reputation within China, the Old Marshal has deemed it fit finally for the Young Marshal to take the reigns, with his father's careful guidance of course. Young and open to reformism, the Republic's father and son look forward onto a bright future for China.
Unlike the dastardly insular Zhang family, Yang Yuting, Chang Yinhuai, Yu Zhen, and Yi Jiqiao understand that China cannot be ruled by familial ties any longer; Cao Kun proved it at its worse, and on the precipice, Zhang Zuolin was likely to follow. The nation must be governed by its most skilled, its technocrats, and its reliable stewards, for the nation must advance beyond nepotism.
Denouncing Imperialist Vultures
Rationalisation of Class and Society
China has long been regarded as a second-rate power, a playground for the Great Powers to meddle and feud over; if it wasn't the British, it was the Russians, or the Germans. And even now, in this era far detached from the heyday of colonialism, the Great Powers continue to maintain their control in key concessions throughout the country; how can such a disaster be permitted in this new era?
Whilst perhaps enemies in any situation other than that of Yang Yuting's government, the Young China Party and the Concordia Association have miraculously found common ground. Desiring a new nation, governed by corporatism and of an all-inclusive national whole, they have buttressed Yuting's government in a form upon which all classes of China, and all stratums, shall work towards national progress.
