BeNeSam
Sous Marins
Rivers in Latin
Cities in Latin
Various Leaders and Great Heroes
Regions
Porte Avions
Revolution in Wallonia
Cockerill
ACEC
Solvay
Fabrique Nationale
Mecar
Fonderie de Canons de Liège
Minerva
Brossel
Familleureux
La Brugeoise
J. Boel & Zonen
Cockerill Scheepwerfen
Renard
SABCA
Stampe et Vertongen
Global Trade Hub
High Speed Transport
Anti-Submarine Expertise
All-Metal Expertise
FN Herstal Collaboration
Fighter Specialisation
Pressurised Air Cabins
Outsourced Production
Automatic Rifles
Assault Rifles
47mm AT Guns
Excellent Machining Tools
Flourishing Automobile Industry
Knight Engines
High Grade Armour
Heavy Machine Guns
$fonderie_de_canons_de_liege$
Dutch Control over Westerschelde
After the Belgian Revolution failed in securing the state of Zeeuws-Vlaanderen, we have had no choice but to negotiate with the Dutch for expansion of the harbour of Antwerp. If tensions were to escalate between our two nations, our main trade hub would be severely hurt.
Flourishing Trade
With the Westerschelde dredging complete and the 'Grote Doorsteek' completed, shipping capacity of the port has reached new heights.
King Albert I in Exile
After the Weltkrieg ended in crushing defeat for our small nation, King Albert I was forced into exile and has followed the British Royal Family to Canada. Adored by all of his citizens for his bravery during the Weltkrieg, earning him the nickname 'Soldier King', large royalist underground movements plot his return to the throne and an end to German occupation.
Anti-German Sentiment
High tax rates, favouritism towards Germans and a general lack of interest by German administrators and industrialists in Flemish-Walloon living conditions have only worsened the aversion for the German Regime causing large social inequality and unrest, especially in Wallonia.
Black Monday
Caused by the Crash of the Berlin stock exchange and the following demise of German industries worldwide, our nation has received the full blow of its aftermath. Coal mines in Wallonia and Limburg are being closed while unemployment rises sky-high.
Partial Recovery
Our economic strategy has halted the worst effects of the Black Monday crisis, but there is still much work to be done.
Linguistic Debacle
While the majority of the population lives in Dutch speaking Flanders, French speaking Wallonia held the upper hand during most of the 19th century until the Weltkrieg. While the situation was abruptly reversed by the German occupier due to their 'Flamenpolitik', this has only increased tensions between the two groups causing a divide that has proven hard to heal. The army in particular is heavily affected by this with Walloon soldiers not understanding their Flemish superiors or refusing to do so.
Belgian Revolution
Protest! Started by the Brussels attack on the 17th of February, the resistance is finally going above ground. Strikes, terrorist actions and protests are shaking the nation. Only careful and delicate handling of the situation can prevent disaster.
German Immigration
In an effort to pacify Wallonia and integrate the region into the German Empire, King Adelbert has encouraged German citizens to settle in Wallonia.
Caritas
The Catholic church in Flanders-Wallonia has created multiple programmes to assist the poor and struggling under the name 
Flemish Lion
In an effort to turn the militarism of the Flemish movements away from Germany, the Government has launched large propaganda campaigns calling for the enlistment of thousands of Flemish against the French menace.
Mass Desertion
Sensing weakness in the German regime and military organisation, mass desertion is spreading through the armed forces with many soldiers and junior officers joining the rebel cause.
Military Struck
Flanders Lost
Flemish rebels have taken control over the industrial centres of Flanders, causing great damage to our industrial output and increasing our reliance on Walloon industry.
Flexible Labour Legislation
Flexible Labour Legislation and concessions to the Unions and Cooperatives ensure better conditions for the worker class and a rise in welfare.
Basis of the Welfare State
In an effort to close the social inequality gap which has been widened by the German government, the BWP has pushed for the foundation of the welfare state to sustain and support all citizens, no matter their social standing.
Belgian Enthusiasm
Boosted by the successes of recent reforms and the growing economy, the Belgian population has once again found the pre-Weltkrieg enthusiasm which propelled them to the world top. In the prelude of another European crisis, unity across the language border is strengthened and all citizens of the nation are preparing themselves to sustain Belgian sovereignty, should war come to its lands.
Economic Secretaries
As the first step in Plan Van Acker, the creation of secretaries controlled by technocrats were tasked with fighting unemployment and countering national populist propaganda.
Civilian Focus
Our civilian industrial sector has received heavy hits by Black Monday but is finally starting to recover through government funds and enthusiastic entrepreneurs.
Corporation Focus
To guarantee the prosperity of the small businesses throughout our nation (especially in Flanders), large companies suffered under increasingly severe legislation and raised taxes. The Liberal Party has abolished many of these laws and enabled large corporations to prosper once more.
Centralised Ministries
A large and convoluted political system has dragged us down and plagued us ever since the turn of the century. Through sweeping reforms, the BWP is overturning the old legislation and streamline the Government structures.
Laissez-Faire Attitude
The government has no business interfering with the Free Market and a policy of Laissez-Faire will prevent obstruction of our economic growth.
Increased Conscription
The Flemish-Walloon resistance has proven fierce but we still need to man the border. France is remilitarising and without soldiers, we'll fall even quicker than during the Weltkrieg.
Belgicism
Belgicism is a policy proposed by the Catholic parties to unify the country and decrease provincial government. It tries to bridge the language barrier and is based on a unified Belgium led by its king but comes at a high maintenance cost.
Farmers Aid
Farmers throughout the Flemish countryside have suffered fiercely in the aftermath of Black Monday. With many smaller farms only barely keeping their head above water, intervention by the State was sorely needed and has reduced the amount of manpower necessary to keep the farms maintained.
Nationalised Basic Industry
Through nationalisation and government control of the basic industries, the Belgian government and the BWP increase their influence over the national economy allowing for better crisis management and pro-Belgian trade agreements.
Flemish Reconstruction Effort
Due to heavy fighting in the urban environments of Flanders and the damage caused by Flemish terrorist attacks, large swaths of industrial terrain in the Harbours of Antwerpen, Ghent and Zeebrugge are awaiting reconstruction funds.
Schelle Power Plant
Built to sustain the large power demands of our country, the Schelle Power Plant is the largest on the continent and will surely aid in the further expansion of our industry.
Cement Exports
Due to the Black Monday crisis, many governments of the Reichspakt have decided to fund large construction projects to kick start their recovery. We are gladly profiting from this by expanding our cement export and thus helping our own economy back on track until the large petrochemical, steel and textile industries have recovered.
Abolished Flemish Council
In an effort to centralise power around the monarch and his closest advisors, the Government has abolished the Flemish Council.
NIR
The NIR will from now on only transmit radio and television programmes curated by a panel of German and Government advisors.
Free Research Funding
Catholic Education Reform
Economic Regions
To further boost our industrial capacity, the Government has chosen to create a system of economic regions. This means that the regions of Flanders and Wallonia can independently pass regulations and laws to further benefit their region and quickly respond to local crises.
Defensive Planning
We were unable to deter an enemy attack and therefore must now throw everything we got at the enemy to preserve Belgian independence.
Belgian Arms Programme
Due to our neutral position we are able to benefit fully from the increased importance of the arms trade. Exporting weapons to revolutions everywhere in the world and conflicts in Europe has made us rich and skilled.
Refugee Programme
Belgian Shipping Industry
Diamond Sector
Solvay Institute
German Officers
State Funded Research
Strike
Royal Naval Academy
Expanded Naval Programme
Large Scale Naval Investments
Bicycle Army
T-13 LTD Programme
Anti-Tank Programme
Air Defence of the Territory
Expanded Feldgendarmerie
Expanded Vlaamse Wacht
Extended Flemish Conscription
Belgium German Focus Tree
Independent Belgium
Evaluate State Budget
At the end of every year, the State budget is evaluated by members of the Flemish Council and their findings and proposals are then proposed to Parliament which decides then with permission of the king which expenses need to be cut.
German Investigation
The only way to root out corruption and destroy any elements of the resistance is by enlisting foreign aid.
Investigate Political Scandal
Due to recent discoveries by the German Commission it's time to get to the bottom of these rumours.
Abolish the Flemish Council
The Flemish Council is a relic from a time when the Flemish had a say in matters. This has to be stomped out and replaced by our own cabinet of trusted advisors.
Strong Royal Power
Adelbert rules supreme and all who question his power shall be punished!
Reform the Voting System
By overhauling our voting system, we will be able to have even more control over the political situation in the country at the cost of increasing unrest.
Expand Feldgendarmerie
The Feldgendarmerie is our special German police department and is our most loyal source of support. By further recruiting Germans into this force, we can more effectively crack down on resistance.
Increase Suppression
The best way of reducing unrest is by spewing propaganda as much as possible. By founding the NIR we will have complete control over radio and television and as such the decision what our people watch and listen to.
Ban Cooperatives
To prevent any more rebellions we have to stomp out any Syndicalist organisation in our country starting with the Cooperatives.
Enforce German Education
By further pushing German education from a young age, we are able to control our populace.
Soldiers to Protect the German Empire
To protect the German Empire we need a strong defensive army. Therefore we will press more of our population into service.
Expand the Westwall
The Westwall is our only defence against the Syndicalist menace and must be protected at all costs.
Guidance by the Flemish Council
By allowing the Flemish Council to take care of this years budget evaluation we can guarantee their support and potentially convince the people that we aren't just evil oppressors.
Give Power to Parliament
We will start moving to a more open type of government, allowing opposition parties to take place in the debates and by slowly recognising other parties than those directly supportive of the king.
Combat German Favouritism
A large problem in our nation is that German citizens are favoured by the Government and many high-ranking positions are solely reserved for citizens with the German nationality. By granting our judicial system more power to combat these we can further unify the country.
Reform the Provincial System
To better understand the needs of the people, the Government has decided to reform the provincial system. By splitting Flanders and Wallonia in 9 provinces and splitting the economic responsibilities in 3 : Flanders, Wallonia and Brussels, we will be able to further adapt our nation to local requirements.
Create Free Education
The best way to hit the Catholic Party is by diminishing their power in the Education department. By massively funding State and City education, we are able to provide education to an even broader public and reduce our reliance on Catholic Education.
State Funded Cooperatives
To combat the pressure of the Syndicalists in France, the Government has proposed to reintroduce the Cooperatives. They are a more temperate version of unions and are mainly responsible for ensuring that all workers have a place to stay and food to eat.
Catholic Education Reforms
Catholic Education has always been one of the most important and most powerful tools of the Catholics to express their power. Most of the Flemish population has been educated by the Christian Schools and a large reform proposed by the Catholic Party is planning to improve the general level of our education.
Caritas
Caritas is a system originally created by the Catholic Church to provide help for the needy. Due to increased power of the Catholic party they have been able to expand their organisation and have expanded it throughout both Flanders and Wallonia.
Trans Regional Associations
A large conflict within the army consists of the many languages used by the soldiers and the fact that officers can only be German citizens. By opening a debate concerning this matter, we will be able to solve many of these issues.
Schild en Vriend
Our best way of Flemish support is to ensure that their hatred for the French is greater than their hatred for us. By reminding them of the famous saying 
Stop the Flamenpolitik
The Flamenpolitik was originally founded by the German occupants during the Weltkrieg and dictated a policy of causing internal divide by favouring Flemish over Walloons. While its original intention of causing internal divide was successful, this has brought with it a far less stable nation and a strong aversion by the Walloon population towards the German regime.
Restore the Law Lejeune
After the German takeover, many of the civil liberties gained by Belgian citizens during the 19th century were taken away. Control over the press, judiciary and executive was handed to a centralised regime continued by Adelbert I. By returning rights to the people and restoring democracy, we hope to quell Belgian nationalism and loyalty to the King in Exile Albert I.
Found the Rijkswacht
Our police network is a mess - the Vlaams Wacht, Feldgendarmerie and normal police all have specific jobs, leading to unnecessary expenditure and distrust between the different branches. A new proposal by a parliamentary coalition offers the creation of a centralised force, the 'Rijkswacht', to take over all other branches except the secret service.
BWP Victory
For the first time since the Weltkrieg started in 1914, the BWP or Belgische Werkliedenpartij has been able to secure a strong position in the parliament. Being outlawed for most of the post-Weltkrieg period and having no way to enter elections, it comes as no surprise that the Belgian people have shown their allegiance to the old Socialist mastodon.
Catholic Dominance
Having ruled the nation from both the shadows and the Flemish Council directly, it is not surprising that the Catholic Party has been able to retain its strong hold on the nation.
Hold 1938 Elections
Since the military regime took power, parliamentary elections have been repeatedly suspended citing the threat of radicalism as infringing on our citizens' free will, allowing us to rule unquestioned for decades. With tensions on the rise, the king fears that our lies will not be enough to quell the people and that elections will have to be held to prevent a political collapse.
Elections
Our independence has finally been achieved and free elections have been written out by the provisionary government to decide the direction of our country.
Restoration of the Monarchy
The monarchy has enabled Belgium to prosper throughout the 19th Century and is seen as the way forward by many Belgians (especially Flemish) due to the actions of Albert I, the Soldier King.
Foundation of the Belgian Republic
The monarchy has led to nearly 20 years of German oppression and a loss in the Weltkrieg. Clearly the only way forward is through republicanism.
Choose BWP
The Belgian Workers Party takes control over the nation
Choose LP
The Liberal Party under Paul-Emile Janson takes control over the nation
Choose KP
The Catholic Party under Paul van Zeeland takes control over the nation
Choose Verdinaso
The people have chosen Joris Van Severen to lead them towards a brighter future!
Groote Kuisch
The Groote Kuisch or Large Cleanup is the slogan with which Verdinaso was able to sway the election. They promise to eradicate all career politicians and get rid of the weak and opposing members of the Government.
Reinforce the Greater Belgian Idea
The Belgian Idea was severely damaged by the German occupier who tried to split us between Flemish and Walloons. By organising a large propaganda campaign outlining the successes we achieved together, they seek to reunify the country behind the Belgian flag.
Secularise the State
The Catholic Party has far too much influence in our country. Only a full sweep of the party's influence can prevent their power from growing out of control.
Subsidise the Industry
With the Catholic Party on the decline and militarism rising, it's time to launch a full scale programme reinvigorating our crumbling industry and increase our arms export.
Unite with the Catholic Parties
The influence of the Catholics stretches far and wide and would be a big boon for our further plans. By rallying priests and teachers behind our cause, we can better indoctrinate the population and reinforce our militarism.
Subsidise the Boerenbond
The Catholics have come up with a plan to support the agrarian region of Flanders by creating the Boerenbond. Helping them accomplish their goals would not only tighten our bond but free up manpower necessary for the armed forces.
Look Towards Expansion
Foreign invaders were responsible for the Rape of Belgium, yet our neighbours stood idly and let us fall prey to the German giant. Through sweeping rhetoric and propaganda campaigns our population has been riled up and expects the Government to right this wrong.
Expand the Boerenbond
The farmers of Flanders were heavily hit by Black Monday. Therefore the KP has proposed the creation of a farmer organisation free from the grasps of the unions.
Improve Working Conditions
The Weekend should be holy and our workers shouldn't be oppressed. By passing this act to introduce the 40-hour week we can take some wind out of the syndicalist sails and further consolidate our power.
Expand the State Companies
The State companies like the NMBS and the postal service are in dire need of reinvention. Expanding these organisations creates jobs and will provide better services to the population.
Strive Towards Federation
Only by federating our country can we stop the increasing separatism between Walloons and Flemish.
Reinforce Belgicism
Belgicism is more important than being a Walloon or a Flemish citizen. We are all equal and are stronger if we work together.
Strive Towards Confederation
The Flemish and Walloons will never be able to fully work together, therefore it's best to decentralise the Government and allow self-governance for the different regions.
Create the Economic Regions
By creating the economic regions separating the Flemish Region, the Walloon Region and the Brussels-Capital Region we can further focus ourselves on the need of the individual instead of the collective.
Fund Catholic Education
Catholic education is the foundation of our excellent education system and should only be further expanded reaching even more students.
Large State Investments
New jobs will have to be created to recover from the Economic crisis and this can only be done by large investments by the State.
Decrease Government Control
Belgian bureaucracy is a convoluted mess mainly created to let the Catholic party pay out its supporters. By cutting heavily in their organisations we can let the invisible hand steer us.
Encourage Corporations
By allowing the large corporations more free rein we can persuade them to stay in Belgium and expand further.
Excavation Permits
The Limburg coal mines and the Walloon steel mills are an important aspect of our economy and by giving them more self-governance we can increase our capacity.
Focus on Exports
Protectionism will not help our nation forward. We need to open up our borders and spread our goods to the whole globe.
Free Scientific Research
Scientific progress cannot be hindered by Catholic funding. By opening up our purse for all that wish to innovate we can keep our competitive edge.
Reform the Party
Many of our members have lost their way, prioritising their own gains over those of the working class. A large shake-up will have to be executed eliminating these weak factions and uniting the BWP behind Jacquemotte.
Expand the Cooperatives
The cooperatives are the backbone of our socialist structure. By cooperation between different unions and professions we were able to create larger structures which could better provide for the workers at a lower cost. Famous examples like the Cooperative Vooruit in Ghent were able to expand this process and become large breeding grounds for the BWP resulting in better working conditions.
Industrialise the Countryside
While our influence has grown steadily across the nation, the countryside is still mostly agrarian and thus is more Catholic leaning than the industrialised cities of Liege or Charleroi. Large scale industrial investments will boost our economy and will spread syndicalism to all sides of our nation.
Introduce Plan Spaak
Convinced that only through large scale government investments and a more streamlined bureaucracy Belgium can recover from the depression caused by Black Monday, Spaak has gathered all members of the BWP to explain his plan.
Introduce Plan Van Acker
To fight against the rising popularity of populists and the threat of syndicalism, Van Acker has introduced a large scale economic overhaul dubbed Plan Van Acker that will change our economic policy drastically.
Instate Economic Secretaries
By appointing 5 economic secretaries consisting of union leaders and technocrats we will be able to quickly adapt to changes in the economic landscape without compromising the working class.
Nationalise Basic Industry
To combat rising unemployment and reduce our dependence on the global market, all basic industries will be nationalised allowing for better government control.
Expand Processing Industry
To better control the entire industrial process we will complete our basic industry with an expanded processing industry allowing for bigger and better outputs.
Finish Plan Van Acker
Multiple administrative affairs and overhauls of lesser state structures are to be revamped allowing for easy completion of our plan.
Reform the Ministries
If you wish to gain an D183 clearance you have to go through three different ministries, return four times to your local town hall and wait for up to a year before finally being turned down. No more! Under the guidance of Spaak the system will be streamlined and stop punishing workers and investors with needless complexities.
Expand Infrastructure
To combat rising unemployment large government funded infrastructure works will be undertaken supporting both our industrial needs and our growing population.
Focus on Small Business
In a world where population determines your industrial capacity we can no longer compete with the giants like Germany and the USA. Therefore small business and startups will be funded improving our wealth.
Finish Plan Spaak
By gathering support within the party and using Spaaks influence in the Liberale Partij we will swiftly push through our plans.
Create the Belgian Cooperative Union
The time has come for the workers to throw off the shackles imposed on them by capitalist politicians. We will proclaim the Belgian Cooperative Union, outlining our new direction and to show our neighbours the successes of the revolution.
A Neutral Bloc
Belgium has always been accustomed to Neutrality. One would even say it was forced upon us. Now released back into the world, one would be stupid to abandon our customs. We flourished in the years before the war and we shall flourish again. If our northern neighbours wish to join us in our cause, so be it, but Belgium shall abide to the old treaty of London.
Encourage Free Trade
We own the second largest port in Europe, yet our trade is limited by regulations and laws. Antwerp shall become the centre of Europe like it was in the past. The world shall see that we are truly impartial in foreign affairs
Create the Koninklijke Academie
With the Lowlands back together, we have gained access to opportunities. One of these would be the creation of a Royal Academy. Sponsored by the nobles of both countries, our brightest minds will be able to work and learn in highly modern facilities.
Expand Arms Sales
We house one of the largest arms producers known to mankind and with our newfound neutrality, the customers have started to line up. With the world entering a time of war and chaos, we can expect the arms industry to profit.
The Lion Roars
Belgium has returned from the darkness known as Servitude. We stand proud and independent yet alone. Our population may be willing to resist and bite against any foreign invader, but everyone knows doom would be inevitable. Allies are needed to protect our newborn nation.
Our Old Allies
Now that we are liberated from the Hunnic chains, our little nation enters the world again free and proud. Yet we are not safe. Belgium has always relied on its British friends. They heroically defended us when the Huns dared to violate our neutrality. We won't forget what the Brits and their allies did for us at the gas filled trenches at Ypres or at the muddy grounds around Passchendaele. Thousands lost their lives in Flanders fields and so we owe it to them to aid them in their darkest hour, just as they did for us.
Help the Syndicalist Cause
With the German eagle preying our lands after we threw them out, we are forced to look south. France and Britain have become the forebears of a new world, an equal world, and a just world. Our workers shall join alongside their brethren in the fight to liberate the peoples of the world.
War Bonds
With tensions rising in Europe the Government has created a war bonds programme to gather the required cash and resources for a rapid mobilisation.
Last Stand Act
War is upon us and the army marches once more to protect our sovereignty. To further bolster our ranks, the Government has signed an act allowing our populace to sign up easier and train them quickly.
Refugee Management
Refugees from the wartorn regions of Nord-Pas-De-Calais and German Wallonia are entering our borders and fleeing from the front. By issuing shelter and provide them with food, we can keep this crisis at bay.
Rebuild the Leuven Library
Burned down during the first weeks of the Weltkrieg, German investors prioritised the University of Ghent over the one in Leuven leading to a slow recovery of its collection. By providing them with a large grant and works from donors we are able to once more fill its shelves.
FN Herstal Expansion
To provide in the rising needs of our military, we need to invest in the small arms manufacturer of FN
Invest in Brossel Trucks
Specialising in civilian transport like busses and trains, with the right funds and support from our government we can further expand their military trucking capabilities.
Invest in Minerva
Our Luxury automobile producer has shown desire to receive the truck building contract from our government and would definitely be able to meet our demands though the cost may be high.
FRC Investments
We need a larger production of artillery and anti-tank weaponry and with the expertise of FRC we will be able to meet this demand.
Follow the Galopin Doctrine
The Galopin Doctrine consists of producing consumer goods and fill demands of the civilian population whilst refusing the help of the occupier with the production of war materiel. To avoid the destruction of our industrial power as happened in the Weltkrieg, we will not deliberately hinder the civilian production issued by the German government.
Finish the Antwerp-Liège Axis
Connected by the Adelbert Canal, we need to expand the highways leading between the two cities further expanding our transportation capabilities.
Open the Schelle Powerplant
Due to recent expansions of the industrial power of Flanders we need a new power plant to meet demands. Plans for the largest Power Plant in Europe have been shown to the Government and they have decided to execute these to show the world the ingenuity and technological prowess of our small country.
Expand the Antwerp Harbour
We control one of the largest ports in Europe and are a vital lifeline for Mitteleuropa imports. Expanding our docks and improving our infrastructure around Antwerp would be a huge boon for our recovery.
Develop the Belgian Shipping Sector
Antwerp is one of the most important harbours in Europe, as it is easily accessible by sea and has expansive infrastructure linking up our own highways with the French Autoroutes and German Autobahn. Developing the shipping sector even further can secure us a smoother recovery from Black Monday and even make a nice profit.
Monopolise the Diamond Industry
When you say diamond, you say Antwerp. As the world's biggest centre of the diamond trade, with 80% of all diamonds ending up in our city and bolstered by the support of the mostly Jewish population, we have almost a complete monopoly on the diamond trade in Mitteleuropa.
Found the Zeebrugge Dockyards
Zeebrugge is our only real independent sea-port and can not be cut off by Dutch invaders and as such would be our prime location for building up our fleet.
Assemble the Industrial Committee
A special commission consisting of representatives from all the large industries and members of government will be created and will convene to find a solution for our predicament.
Invest in the Sillon industriel
To combat the rising unemployment and spread of syndicalism in the Walloon province of Liège, a large expansion of the civilian industry around the provincial capital has been proposed.
Seraing Steel Mills
To bolster our industrial expansion we will need to expand the steel mills to reduce our dependence on German steel.
Fund Cimentières et Briqueteries Réunis
To finally get rid of the aftermath of Black Monday, the commission has come up with a bold plan. They propose to massively invest in the Cement industry to be able to sustain the large infrastructure projects throughout Europe. By creating a large enough supply combined with our technological experience we will surely be able to dominate the market and steer our country to a more profitable future.
Fund the Solvay Institute
Since the early 20th century the Solvay institute has stood at the forefront of technological innovation. By giving grants to promising Belgian scientists and funding foreign projects we have been able to receive interest from scientists like Marie Curie, Albert Einstein and many more.
Hold the Sixth Solvay Congress
After the enormous success of the Fifth congress on Electrons and Photons, the Solvay institute has once again invited the brightest scientists of our time to debate over Magnetism.
Start the Baekelandt Programme
Named after one of our most famous scientists and pioneer in the synthetics field, we have decided to start our own large military research project looking into the possibilities for faster transportation and the possibilities of rocketry.
Antwerp Refineries
Large amounts of oil already reach our shores, by adding our own refineries around the Harbour we can more easily aid the war effort.
Study Radioactive Elements
After the importance of radioactive materials was discovered and proven at the Fifth Solvay Congress, our government has used its influence in Union Minière in Congo to lay hands on its very own uranium.
Rely on the Kaiserliche Marine
With the Kaiserliche Marine as the dominant naval force of the Reichspakt, our government sees no reason in spending much of our hard pressed reserves on expanding the fleet. While modernisations could be in order, the focus should be defending our shores instead of a large naval expedition force.
Fortify the Flemish Coast
Bunkers on the Flemish coastline and artillery batteries in key location should prove more than effective to deter foreign invasions by sea.
Expand the Harbours
While our most important naval facilities are located in Antwerpen, that harbour is easily cut of from the sea and as such can't provide a reliable base for our fleet.
Destroyer Effort
Our reliance on ancient destroyers is starting to show its deficits and has thus convinced High Command that renovation of these ships is in order.
Submarine Programme
Our navy is solely based on old surface ships which are incapable of competing with the large fleets of our enemies. Therefore plans have been drawn up to instead delegate resources to a submarine programme to guard our coastline.
Patrol the Coasts
Our coastline is small but densely populated and easily taken by naval invasion. To guard us from this danger, troops and resources have been further shifted to this front to prevent collapse of the Western Front.
Train With the Kaiserliche Marine
Since our navy is mostly just a subdivision of the German Kaiserliche Marine, it only makes sense that all fleet exercises are done in cooperation with the German branch.
A Fleet of Our Own
While Belgium has a strong mercantile naval tradition, it entered the Weltkrieg without a navy to speak of which has led to the decline of military naval adventures by the government. Adelbert as former naval commanders of the German Empire however believes that a strong navy is key to defeat of syndicalism and the defence against the British Union
Cruiser Effort
Cruisers are key to the protection of our larger ships and should therefore be prioritised by the naval committee
Support the Fleet
Further improvements will have to be made to our smaller ships if we wish to ensure dominance at sea.
[ROOT.BEL_GetAdalbertsDreamName]
With neighbouring powers clearly mobilising against [ROOT.GetNameDef], [ROOT.GetLeader] sees no choice but to fully commit to his naval plans by pouring enormous amounts of resources into a large shipbuilding programme.
[ROOT.GetLeader]'s Dream
Large Scale Naval Investments
Modernise Destroyers
Our reliance on ancient destroyers is starting to show its deficits and has thus convinced High Command that renovation of these ships is in order.
Purchase New Cruisers
To complete our navy, the government has set aside a portion of the new naval budget towards the acquisition of two new Light Cruisers from foreign shipyards.
Submarine Support
Our navy is solely based on old surface ships which are incapable of competing with the large fleets of our enemies. Therefore plans have been drawn up to instead delegate resources to a submarine programme to guard our coastline.
Royal Naval Academy
To man our new ships and develop our naval doctrine, Adelbert has drawn out a plan to open a royal naval academy... with his name of course.
Battleship Programme Investments
The Adelbert Programme has shown great success and should thus be funded even more!
Scrap the Programme
Not only were the effects of the programme negligible at best, the huge strain it put on our economy has greatly endangered the struggling Walloon mines and heavy industry.
Naval Cooperation Programme
Our fleet has grown rapidly and we produce increasingly advanced warships. Still, our allies have advanced in their own way, in many ways surpassing our own design know-how, and in other ways very much not. For our mutual benefit, we should create a new organisation to handle the sharing of naval design techniques and advances in relevant technology.
Auxiliary Force
We are limited in our military capabilities by the restrictions imposed on us by the empire and should thus focus on improving our military police and peacekeeping forces instead to secure complete obedience of the Flemish-Walloon people.
Territorial Air Defence
Our industry is the lifeblood of our nation yet is easily assailable from the air. The Air Defence of the Territory detachment will be created to guard key locations throughout the nations and protect them from bombing raids.
Air Support for Germany
Why spend resources on expanding the air force when we can just rely on the German one? Through some clever deals and by reverse engineering some of their designs, our constructors at SABCA and Renard will surely come up with improvements.
Cover the Fortress Line
The German Army has tasked us with guarding the Ludendorfflinie and to stop any French threat right in its heels. Sufficient air cover will of course be a requirement for that.
The Vlaamse Wacht has failed in its duties and can no longer be trusted with securing a loyal nation. To replace them, we have shifted our focus to the German Feldgendarmerie composed of German immigrants and our most loyal followers.
Exempt Walloons From the Army
We cannot trust the Walloon people in maintaining order nor do they have the loyalty of our Flemish divisions. Should the French attack, they would be a liability and should therefore be removed before disaster strikes.
Rely on the Vlaamse Wacht
The Vlaamse Wacht has served us well for many years and while they seem to be slipping a bit, Hendrik Elias has convinced us that it's merely a lack of personnel that keeps them from stopping all insurrections.
Memories of the Yzer
For Five long years, Albert I and his Belgian troops bravely held the Yzer line, doing all they can to hold on to this tiny scrap of Belgian land. Movements such as the Frontbeweging and the tradition to visit the Yzertower stem forth from this valiant resistance and are seen as some of the proudest moments in Flemish history.
Increase Flemish Conscription
To compensate for the dismissal of Walloon troops and to ensure a strong and stable frontier, Adelbert has given the order to increase recruitment for all Flemish provinces.
Joint Doctrine Development
Our allies are our salvation. It only makes sense that we cooperate militarily as well.
Trench Warfare
The national trauma that followed the German declaration of war in 1914 consisted of many years in the trenches which has hardened our officer staff and has led to massive preparations should war once again arrive on our shores.
Increase FN Funding
FN is our major weapons manufacturer and has requested a loan from our government to further innovate and expand their small arms production.
Mobilise the Reserves
The moment we have feared for many years has finally arrived and war is shortly upon us. Our reserves, over 100.000 strong, are inexperienced and ill equipped but they are our last line of defence in these desperate times.
Offensive Planning
The counter-offensive has finally arrived. All troops, advance at once!
Fortify the Meuse Line
The Meuse is our last line of defence and should be heavily fortified to stop any invasion be it a German one into Belgium or a French one into Germany.
Construct the KW Line
An extra defensive fortification belt consisting of mainly tank traps and small bunkers will provide us even more time to stop a foreign invasion.
Expand the Ludendorfflinie
The Ludendorfflinie is the primary defensive belt on the French border and is supposed to be the first place where we stop the French. Further additions and fortifying of weakspots should thus be a priority for our military budget.
Resist and Bite
Resiste et Mords is the famous motto of the Chasseurs Ardennais. They are our higly mobile and defensive unit that is based in the woods and hills of the Ardennes. Our troops guard the forests and are a final measure to stop France from entering the Rhineland.
Independent Forces
With the German restrictions on our military lifted, it is time to rapidly expand and modernise our small forces.
Flemish-Walloon Officers
During the Weltkrieg, tensions arose between Flemish soldiers and their Walloon commanders due to linguistic issues. If we are to avoid a repeat of this situation, we need to ensure that French speaking commanders are assigned to French speaking divisions and vice versa.
War of Defence
We don't have the strength to push into our enemies territory on our own and have a strong tradition of defending on our home territory. By forcing the enemy to come to us, we hope to stop them on our fortifications.
German Favouritism
The German army is far superior to ours and as such it only seems right that we rely on their officers and military expertise to guide us to victory.
Strike First Doctrine
By advancing with motorised equipment and German Panzers, we can outmanoeuvre the French and easily break through their lines.
Expansion of the Royal Academy
Our military academy is outdated and staffed with old fossils. We need a fresh wind to restart our innovative doctrine development
Small Arms Development
Our engineers are at the forefront of small arms development and our factories export arms to all parts of the globe. Further investing in this business would surely improve our innovative capabilities.
Cooperation with the Universities
The cooperation between our universities and military R&D is far too limited and could be drastically improved.
Enlarge the Military Complex
War will soon be upon us and our military complex is still lacking the output required for manning our army. We need more arms manufacturers and we need them quickly.
War on the Horizon
The engines of war are slowly starting to roar and it won't be long now before they reach our border. We must prepare, mobilise and do all we can to prevent our small nation from falling.
Distribute Bicycles
We have a strong reliance on bicycles in our army and our manufacturers such as Minerva are producing them as fast as possible but with casualties in the field and the massive expansion of our forces due to the mobilisation, bike deficits are starting to arise.
Minerva Truck Contract
Our army needs more trucks and who better to supply these than our famous car manufacturer Minerva?
Artillery Advances
FRC builds some of the finest artillery pieces in the world and is constantly innovating and improving their designs. With a small monetary push by the government, we can speed up this proces.
Mechanised Forces
Mobility is key in modern warfare and we should follow this changing style by investing in mechanised and motorised equipment to support our troops in the field.
Anti-Tank Focus
Through our partners in FRC, we have integrated AT in all of our front line divisions to fill the lack of armour. 
T13 Tank Programme
The T13 is a small light tank destroyer that is able to quickly advance with our troops, is cheaply manufactured and has the capability to stop far larger and better armoured tanks.
Mobile Defence Platforms
While our T13s can stop the first wave of enemy tanks, we will have to produce our own if we want to stay competitive in the long run.
Masters of the Skies
To soar like an eagle, become one's master unto himself, even over the very elements, such is the dream of many. For our nation, that dream can at last become reality. While the expense may be significant, we should focus on the expansion of the air force and at long last become the masters of our own skies.
Renard Fighter Programme
Located in Brussels, Renard has produced a variety of renowned civilian and military aircraft. We should contract the company to conduct cutting edge research and development on our behalf for the eventual development of a new fighter aircraft.
Royal Air Academy
Currently, air officer candidates train with those of the army. We should kill two birds with one stone, establishing a national air academy to better both pilot training and create the proper milieu for our nation's greatest military aviators to more effectively expand our doctrine.
License SABCA Bombers
The SABCA company producers most cargo aircraft for state owned transportation companies and supplies many airliners for our national airline, Sabena. We should work with them to develop new bombers, both entirely domestic and modified foreign models.
RADAR Stations
RADAR is poised to transform both aviation and air defence forever. We cannot allow our enemies to gain a technological edge in this critical field. All available resources must be made available for RADAR research and development.
AA Fortifications
Lest our enemies be granted dominion over our skies, we must expand our air defences. New dedicated anti-air emplacements should be created throughout the country.
Supporting Role
The German air force is without parallel the world over. Our nation shall only be secure arm-arm with such a behemoth. Thus, our air force must be oriented around supporting the German's and we must work towards integration with allied command structures.
CAS Focus
With our allies projecting sufficient air power to keep enemies from our skies, we can focus our efforts on developing close air support aircraft to assist our troops on the ground. With a bit of extra state funding surely our craft will be among the most capable on the planet.
Ground Support
To better support our men on the ground, the entire air force must shift its mindset and develop a new and more robust doctrine appropriate for such a role. Some officers may be hesitant, we would be wise to carefully oversee the effort.
Coast Patrol
While our valiant navy does all it can to protect our shores, our enemies should not be underestimated; an invasion from the coast of Flanders may come with limited notice. Luckily, our growing air force can assist in the coast's defence if only we would provide further funding for the development of naval patrol craft.
§GThis will start an investigation to discover the cause of large scale embezzlement§!\n
§GBy assigning a German commission we might be able to uncover more secrets at the cost of increased revolt risk§!
§GBy allowing the Flemish Council to do their job, we will not turn them against us and gain some much needed support.§!
§CIf we are not in a faction with [NFA.GetName], we will also be able to pursue claims on French Flanders§!
The Treaty of Arel has been refused
German Investigation
Flemish Investigation
Has not restored the rights of the Vlaamse Wacht
The Feldgendarmerie have been given the right to operate in Flanders-Wallonia
The Netherlands has refused to ally with us
Treaty of Arel Accepted
Treaty of Arel Refused
Great Protest
Soldier King
Economic Policy
Our economy has started to slow down drastically after the coal mines of Wallonia began nearing the end of their reserves, prompting large parts of the steel industry to depend on government backing. While this system works for now and keeps syndicalism at bay in the Sillon Industriel, reforms will have to be undertaken if we wish to prevent collapse due to an economic recession...
Provide Support for the ARBED Takeover
Provide Support for Solvay Germany
Walloon Electrification Programme
Nationalise Union Minière de Haut-Katanga
Borinage Mine Expansion
Worlds Fair Liège 1939
Flemish-Walloon Engineering has achieved worlds fame in the fields of electricity and the chemical industry. As a further boon to their prowess however, the Government has been able to secure the 1939 Worlds Fair to show off the pride of the nations engineering : The Adelbert Canal. Called the Internationale Ausstellung für Wassertechnologie, Flemish-Walloon companies will show off their achievements in the field of Waterworks.
Prepare the Worlds Fair
Policy Towards the Netherlands
While they do not present the strongest ally in these trying times, cooperation between Belgium and the Netherlands will be vital if we both want to prosper and wear off foreign threats. Through economic reforms and a common military policy, we will present a strong bloc to the outside world safe from the rising tensions in Europe.
Expanding the Westerschelde
Expand the Canal Ghent-Terneuzen
Hold Out Against Germany
Reform the BeNeSam
Reclaim the Old Flemish Borders
We may have lost French Flanders to the French during the 17th century but Flemish remained the important language until only a century ago. Now is the time to liberate our Flemish brethren and lift the darkness called syndicalism!
KP/DC
Katholiek Blok/Démocratie Chrétienne
LP
Liberale Partij
BWP/POB
Belgische Werklieden Partij/Parti Ouvrier Belge (Van Acker)
BWP/POB
Belgische Werklieden Partij/Parti Ouvrier Belge (Spaak)
BWP/POB
Belgische Werklieden Partij/Parti Ouvrier Belge (Relecom)
BWP/POB
Belgische Werklieden Partij/Parti Ouvrier Belge (Jacquemotte)
BWP/POB
Belgische Werklieden Partij/Parti Ouvrier Belge (De Man)
Rex
Parti Rexiste
Vlaamse Raad
Vlaamse Raad
Cabinet Royal/Royaal Kabinet
Royal Cabinet
Interim Government
Volksunie
Gouvernement Militaire
Verdinaso
Nederlandse Academie
With the Weltkrieg ending, the nation of Belgium found itself transformed into the Kingdom of Flanders-Wallonia. The country, suffering a major economic downturn and having a population unwilling to accept the pretender Adalbert, struggled throughout the post-war years. Yet the nation may change its course drastically. The syndicalists, supported from across the border, and the royalists, desiring to invite the Soldier King back, wait for an opportunity. Flanders-Wallonia may see a storm coming its way. The question is: who shall be standing after it passes?
GFX_BEL_intro
Status Report: Location of Flanders-Wallonia
Located on the western border of the German Empire and bordering the Commune of France, Flanders-Wallonia has a very strategic but vulnerable position.\n\nAs the vanguard of the West against the Syndicalist menace we are supposed to stop their advance on the bunkers of the Ludendorfflinie and push together with our German allies into the French heartland.\n\nTo the east the German behemoth watches us closely and will prove to be a difficult enemy should the need arise. North of us lies the Netherlands: neutral in the Weltkrieg, our former masters don't seem much of a threat with their ill-equipped army and friendly relations.
Status Report: Economy of Flanders-Wallonia
Occupation and major battles during the first Weltkrieg have clearly marked our country and hefty reparations and general dismantlement of our industrial base imposed on us have left us weak. What was once the eighth greatest industrial power in the world has been greatly humbled. Still, our people are sturdy and managed to rebuild our industrial might to a level approaching its former extent. However as much of our industry is hopelessly reliant on German investment there remains a great deal of work to be done.\n\nIn order to reinvigorate the economy, the Adelbert Canal was dug post-war connecting the important harbour of Antwerp with the steel industries of Liège. Coal mining has been expanded into the province of Limburg further stimulating the steel industry while the Flemish provinces have steadily developed their industrial power to partially replace the old reliance on the agricultural countryside.
Status Report: Political Situation in Flanders-Wallonia
Even though our country is a constitutional monarchy on paper, parliamentary control over the Government is severely hampered. Moreover, political parties can only have a legal status and participate in elections if they accept the post-Weltkrieg status quo such as the Hohenzollern Monarchy, membership in the Reichspakt and other national indignities. This limitation makes legal opposition parties stunted and ineffective. The government is advised by the Flemish Council which consists mainly of members of the higher class, most of whom support the king and execute his decisions with limited practical power of veto.\n\nThere are two major opposition groups that seek to contest the current status quo and as a result have been forced underground. First we have the royalist Catholic Party who seeks to restore Belgium and its rightful king Albert I, currently in exile in Canada. The other large group is the Syndicalist party which seeks to improve working conditions and create a socialist regime like that which exists in the Commune of France. Both of these groups have stronger ties to the Wallonia region with occasional frictions. The Catholic Party is also however widely accepted in the agrarian region of Flanders which still strongly holds on to the Catholic faith.
§MRoyal Cabinet§! ($authoritarian_democrat_coloured$) / §MReforms§! ($social_conservative_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot \
§MA Free Belgium§! — §MAdelbert Abdicates!§! / §MBelgium Rebellion§! / §MBelgium Referendum§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$ / $social_conservative_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $social_democrat_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot §MFor Adelbert Abdicates!§!, do the same steps as the army coup, but make the king abdicate.\n£white_dot Then choose between restoring democracy or declaring Van Severen as \
§MCollapse of Flanders-Wallonia§!\n£white_dot Choose to \
Belgium
Belgian
Belgium
Belgian Syndical Republic
the Belgian Syndical Republic
Belgian Syndical Republic
the Belgian Syndical Republic
Belgian Syndical Republic
the Belgian Syndical Republic
Flanders-Wallonia
Flemish-Walloon
Flanders-Wallonia
Cooperative of Belgium
the Cooperative of Belgium
Cooperative of Belgium
the Cooperative of Belgium
Cooperative of Belgium
the Cooperative of Belgium
Hendrik De Man
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 17th, 1885, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Joseph Jacquemotte
§YBorn:§! §LApril 22nd, 1883, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoseph Jacquemotte, creator and editor of the leftist pre-Weltkrieg newspaper 'L'Exploité', and his Syndicalist faction of the Belgian Workers' Party have achieved victory both within the party, and now, Belgium itself. Jacquemotte advocates rural industrialisation and the collectivisation of industry and agriculture alike. A Belgium led by Jacquemotte is certain to see drastic societal and economic upheaval.§!
Xavier Relecom
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1900, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Achille Van Acker
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1898, in Bruges, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAchille Van Acker, a moderate social democrat, has consolidated his leadership of the Belgian Workers' Party, and now achieved victory in Belgium's latest national elections. Van Acker advocates limited economic nationalisation and the empowerment of union leaders to a governmental advisory role. Belgium, Van Acker believes, must actively serve its people and promote fair competition; his reforms, though controversial, may yet decrease economic hardship and political radicalisation in Belgium.§!
Paul-Henri Spaak
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1899, in Schaerbeek, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaul Henri Spaak, once a prominent lawyer, believes that, above all else, to truly serve the people, government bureaucracy must be efficient. Spaak is now in control of the Belgian Workers' Party, and the party's subsequent victory in the most recent Belgian national elections has elevated him to head of state. Spaak has already begun to greatly decrease the bloated Belgian civil service and introduced new incentives to prospective entrepreneurs; as a result, optimism seems to be steadily increasing in Belgium.§!
Paul-Emile Janson
§YBorn:§! §LMay 30th, 1872, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaul-Émile Janson and his Liberal Party has achieved victory in Belgium's latest national elections. Janson is an advocate of laissez faire economics and free trade; all aspects of society, to Janson, have been far too regulated by past administrations. Belgium, under Janson, is quickly becoming one of the most economically free nations in Europe and the world.§!
Paul Van Zeeland
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1893, in Soignies, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPaul van Zeeland and the Catholic Party led Flemish resistance to German control. With electoral victory in the now restored Belgium, van Zeeland endeavours to establish Christian Democracy in Belgium, and reconcile that which divides Belgium's people, Flems and Walloons alike. Principle among his policy goals is the betterment of working conditions for both farmers and industrial labourers.§!
Charles d'Aspremont-Lynden
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1888, In Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Joris Van Severen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 19th, 1894, in Wakken, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LJoris Van Severen, Flemish leader who begrudgingly cooperated with the occupying Germans, has assumed control of the country. His Verdinaso has a radical vision for the direction of Belgium, including territorial expansion and the promotion of Catholicism in all aspects of society. Under van Severen, a new Belgium will certainly arise; though that new nation may be incredibly different from the one that came before it.§!
Léon Degrelle
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1906, in Bouillon, Luxemburg, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Georges Prosper Remi
§YBorn:§! §LMay 22nd, 1907, in Etterbeek, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Belgian Parliament
§YBackground:§! §LNovember 10th, 1830, in the Palace of the Nation, Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe Belgian Parliament, now acting as successor to the Flemish Council which advised the German controlled government of Flanders-Wallonia, has assumed power in the recently restored Belgium. While the Government is restructured and elections prepared, Parliament acts not just as a legislature, but collectively as interim head of state.§!
Adelbert I
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1884, in the Marmorpalais of Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAdelbert von Hohenzollern's tenure as king of the Flems and Walloons has been quite peculiar. Inaugurated not by coronation, but by swearing an oath on the constitution, Adelbert, who also converted to Catholicism to align himself with his nation's populace, has long sought the respect, if not admiration, of his people. Years of oppression under the German regime and a tendency for Adelbert to cling on to a more absolutist type of monarchy than the Belgian system have led to great anti-German sentiment among the populace, making Adelbert despised and hated amongst the common folk.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1884, in the Marmorpalais of Potsdam, Province of Brandenburg, Kingdom of Prussia, German Empire§!
Albert I
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1875, in the Palais de la Régence, Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAlbert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, the king who trounced the invading Germans at the Yzer, has returned to Belgium from exile in Canada. When his motorcade entered Brussels for the first time since the outbreak of the Weltkrieg, church bells across the nation rang, and many Belgians wept with joy. German collaborators and syndicalists, however, lament the restored king, and plot to undermine the new Belgian government. Albert must now mend the deep wounds which have marred Belgium, and create a renewed sense of hope among its people.§!
§YBorn:§! §LApril 8th, 1875, in the Palais de la Régence, Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Prince Leopold
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 3rd, 1901, in the Palais du marquis d'Assche, Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Julien Lahaut
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1884, in Seraing, Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Lucie Dejardin
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 31st, 1875, in Grivegnée, Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Albert Marteaux
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 26th, 1886, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Georges Truffaut
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 22nd, 1901, in Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Fernand Dehousse
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 3rd, 1906, in Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Auguste Buisseret
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1888, in Beauraing, Namur, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Hubert Pierlot
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 23rd, 1906, in Cugnon, Luxemburg, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Paul Hoornaert
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1888, in Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
August Borms
§YBorn:§! §LApril 14th, 1878, in Sint-Niklaas, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Corneel Heymans
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 28th, 1892, in Ghent, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Frans van Cauwelaert
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 10th, 1880, in Onze-Lieve-Vrouw-Lombeek, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Hendrik Borginon
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 2nd, 1890, in Pamel, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Camille Huysmans
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1871, in Bilzen, Limburg, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Leo Frenssen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 9th, 1880, in Maaseik, Limburg, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Jef Rens
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 1st, 1905, in Boom, Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Karel I
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 10th, 1903, in the Palais du marquis d'Assche, Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Georges Theunis
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 28th, 1873, in Montegnée, Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Emile Francqui
§YBorn:§! §LJune 25th, 1863, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Alexandre Galopin
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 26th, 1879, in Ghent, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Albert-Eduard Janssen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 1st, 1883, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Henri Baels
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1878, in Ostend, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Gustave Sap
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 21st, 1886, in Kortemark, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Adolphe Max
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1869, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Julius Hoste Jr.
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1884, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Edward Anseele
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1856, in Ghent, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Emile Vandervelde
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1866, in Ixelles, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Ernest-Ghislain Graff
§YBorn:§! §LJune 21st, 1882, in Rosée, Namur, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Robert Desmet
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1891, in Ghent, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Édouard van den Bergen
§YBorn:§! §LJune 19th, 1879, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Jean Baptiste Piron
§YBorn:§! §LApril 10th, 1896, in Couvin, Namur, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Victor van Strydonck
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 16th, 1876, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Maurice Keyaerts
§YBorn:§! §LJune 5th, 1883, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Georges Deffontaine
§YBorn:§! §LMay 21st, 1883, in Bruges, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Maximilien de Nève de Roden
§YBorn:§! §LJune 2nd, 1878, in Waasmunster, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Raoul Daufresne de la Chevalerie
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 17th, 1881, in Bruges, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Georges Timmermans
§YBorn:§! §LApril 26th, 1889, in Ostend, West Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Victor Billet
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1902, in Sint-Joost-Ten-Node, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Henri Denis
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1877, in Marbais, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Raoul van Overstraeten
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 29th, 1885, in Aat, Hainaut, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Eduard Blondeel
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 25th, 1906, in Ghent, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Felix Iserentant
§YBorn:§! §LJune 14th, 1888, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Émile Galet
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 17th, 1870, in Erpion, Hainaut, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Herman Bodson
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 21st, 1912, in Liège, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Oscar Michiels
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1881, in Brussels, Brabant, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Adolphe Cumont
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 15th, 1873, in Aalst, East Flanders, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Lambert Robins
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1901, in Namur, Namur, Kingdom of Belgium§!
Paul Hierneaux
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1888, in the Kingdom of Belgium§!
Alfred Renard
Auguste Piccard
Georges Lemaître
Karel Jan Bossart
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 9th, 1904, in Antwerp, Kingdom of Belgium§!
