Norway Focus Tree
Established Diplomatic Relations
Anglo-Norwegian Ties
Anglo-Norwegian Cooperation
Influencing Our Politics
Revolution in Norway
Arbeiderpartiet
Det Norske Arbeiderparti
NNP
Norges Nasjonalsyndikalistiske Parti
NSF
Norsk Syndikalistisk Forbund
Arbeiderpartiet
Det Norske Arbeiderparti
NSA
Norges Socialdemokratiske Arbeiderparti
Venstre
Venstre
Høyre
Høyre
Bondepartiet
Bondepartiet
Fedrelandslaget
Fedrelandslaget
Samfundsvernet
Samfundsvernet
Samfundsvernet
Samfundsvernet
Norsk Hydro
Christiania Spigerverk
Norsk Jernverk
Tandbergs Radiofabrikk
Østlandske Petroleumscompagni
Raufoss Ammunisjonsfabrikker
Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk
Norsk Sprængstofindustri
Den Norske Automobilfabrikk
Thunes Mekaniske Verksted
Norges Statsbaner
Kjeller Flyfabrikk
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk
Det Norske Luftfartselskap
Scandinavian Airlines
Marinens Hovedverft
Nylands Verksted
Heavy Machinery Workshop
Merchant and Escort Ship Designer
Convoy Production
Labour Disputes
The Norwegian economy is plagued by constant labour disputes. As a result, every year, millions of man-hours are lost due to strikes and supply problems.
General Strike
The trade unions have declared a general strike that is paralysing the economy.
Sluggish Economy
After the Weltkrieg, Norway remained in the British sphere of influence, both politically and economically. The British revolution of 1925 therefore proved disastrous to the export-orientated Norwegian economy. Since then, the nation has been excluded from most European markets due to the German 'Mitteleuropa'. The lack of international trade is crippling our economy.
Agricultural Foreclosures
Our decision to allow agricultural foreclosures to take place is in line with liberal economic theories. However, the decision is highly unpopular among the affected farmers and is hurting our popularity.
Syndicalist Interference
The Union of Britain is interfering in our politics. They are covertly funding and arming socialist groups within our country.
The Oslo Analyser
The Oslo Analyser is the largest differential analyser in the world. The computer is a great aid to our scientific endeavours.
National Industrial Census
By having the SSB conduct an annual industrial census, we ensure that our limited industrial resources are allocated in the most efficient way.
Fleischer's Army Plan
Ruge's Army Plan
Divided Air Force
The current organisation of the Norwegian Air Force is obsolete. The Norwegian Army Air Service, founded in 1912, and the Navy Air Service, founded in 1916, sees air power only as a supplement in completing their respective tasks.
Luftforsvaret
Having established the Air Force as a military branch of its own, we are well prepared to face the challenges of the future.
Successful DNL Expansion
The successful expansion of 'Det Norske Luftfartselskap' is connecting our country together and helping our economy.
Age of Radio
The Norwegian people have been honoured with the latest radio technologies from Union of Britain, allowing us to broadcast brand new programmes.
Syndicalist Constitution
Three Year Plan
Managing our economy using plans allow us to produce more, but is unfortunately less flexible.
The Committee of Public Security
The Committee of Public Security is a great aid in the struggle against enemies of the state.
Defensive Army Mentality
Progressive Labour Agreement
Mixed Economy
Conservative Labour Agreement
Free Market Economy
XU
Norwegian Armed Neutrality
Canadian Military Mission
Hird Supremacy
Statspolitiet
NS Arbeidstjeneste
Maximist Economic Policy
Moderate Economic Policy
Syndicalist Economic Policy
Totalist Educational Programme
Moderate Educational Programme
Syndicalist Educational Programme
Maximist Foreign Policy
Moderate Foreign Policy
Syndicalist Foreign Policy
Great Patriotic War
Norway finds itself in conflict with its Swedish neighbour once again, and if there is one thing every Norwegian can agree upon, it is that every form of native Norwegian government is preferable to a return of the union that was dissolved in 1905.
Norsk Rikskringkasting
The Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation, akin to their Canadian counterpart, designed to ensure the citizens of our nation are offered wholesome and balanced radio programmes. Though Syndicalism and other subvertive materials are banned...
Aid to Norway
We are currently providing industrial aid to our Norwegian brothers.
Establish Norsk Jernverk Company
Scandinavia has the resources and technological knowledge to be self-sufficient with regards to iron and steel. Why then, should we spend our limited hard currency on acquiring such basic resources elsewhere? Let us strengthen Northern Norway and produce our own steel by creating a company dedicated to the purpose.
Establish Norsk Aluminium Company
Due to the abundance of cheap hydroelectric power, Norway is one of the world's leading producers of aluminium, with Norsk Aluminium Company being one of the larger producers in the country. As aluminium is crucial in the production of modern military aircraft, we would be well advised to increase our production, for both our own use and for exports.
Fund the NTH
The Norwegian Institute of Technology is our most skilled scientific institution in the fields of technical and industrial development. By increasing their funding, we can expect breakthroughs within several fields of industrial expertise.
Pass the Infrastructure Act
Since the time of the Vikings, the sea has been our main method of transportation. Goods and people have been moved along our long coastline by ship and many coastal villages still lack proper road connections even today. We should seek to address this problem by passing a grand Infrastructure Bill. Let us tie our country together through road and rail.
Expand the Christiania Spigerverk
The Christiania Nail Works is a steel company with a history dating back to 1853. They are one of the largest companies in Norway and a crucial part of our plans for industrialisation. Let us expand their facilities and greatly improve our industrial capabilities.
The Northern Railway
Northern Norway is a pretty isolated due to the length of our country and the lack of proper infrastructure. The Nordland Line, a rail connection between Trondheim and Bodø, has been planned since 1882, but the construction has proceeded at a very slow pace. If we are to exploit the wealth of resources in the north, we need to accelerate its construction.
SSB and the Industrial Census
The Norwegian Bureau of Statistics conducts all types of censuses every year. By conducting a National Industrial Census, we can better exploit our limited industrial potential.
Industrialise the North
Most of the cities in northern Norway are primarily concerned with agriculture, fishing and other basic forms of industry. If we encourage the construction of proper industry, we can be sure to increase our industrial output and bring prosperity to the area.
A/S Norsk Jernverk
Norway has the resources and technological knowledge to be self-sufficient in regards to iron and steel. Why then, should we spend our limited hard currency on acquiring such basic resources? Let us strengthen Northern Norway and produce our own steel by creating a company dedicated to the purpose.
Support Norsk Hydro
Norsk Hydro, founded in 1905 by Sam Eyde and Kristian Birkeland, is the crown jewel of Norwegian industry. From the production of fertiliser and aluminium, to the production of heavy water, Hydro is an industrial behemoth. As the only notable Norwegian company on the international stage, we should further encourage its expansion.
Norsk Aluminium Company
Due to the abundance of cheap hydroelectric power, Norway is one of the world's leading producers of aluminium. Norsk Aluminium Company is one of the larger producers in the country. As aluminium is crucial in the production of modern military aircraft, we would be well advised to increase our production, both for our own use as well as exports.
Defensive Rearmament
It is a public secret that our military spending have remained inadequate since the dissolution of the union with Sweden in 1905. The increased level of tension has pushed several politicians to call for an increase in our military budget. Although our military commanders still want more funding, it would be a step in the right direction.
Raufoss Ammunisjonsfabrikk
The Raufoss Ammunition Plant, established in 1896, is one of the few weapons manufacturers in Norway. If we would like to increase our production of rifles and cartridges, expanding the plant seems like a natural course of action.
Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk
The Kongsberg Weapons Factory has a history dating back to our independence in 1814. The producer of the famed 'Krag-Jørgensen' rifle, which was even adopted by the United States from 1892 to 1903, 'KV' has proven both reliability and ingenuity. We should expand the factory to further assist in the production of weapons to our armed forces.
Establish the FFI
Norway has for a long time lacked a proper institution for the development of military equipment and advanced technology. The Norwegian Defence Research Establishment will be a governmental institution dedicated to the development of said technology.
The Oslo Analyser
Some time ago, Professor Svein Rosseland returned from Harvard University after studying mechanical computers. He has recently approached the government about building such a machine in Norway. With our support, Mr. Rosseland claims to be able to construct a device that will supersede any other computer in existence.
Vallø Oljeraffineri
The Vallø Oil Refinery is the only oil refinery in Norway. Since Norway lack any domestic oil sources, our demands must be met either through trade or the production of synthetic fuel. However, since we control large deposits of coal of Svalbard, we could attempt the later if we expand the chemical facilities on Vallø.
Upgrade the Glomma Line
The Glomma Line is a series of fortifications along the Swedish border. Constructed to guard against Sweden in case of outbreak of war in 1905, the fortifications were mostly dismantled after the peaceful resolution to the conflict. We still have the possibility to upgrade and re-arm the fortifications, should the situation require so.
Revise the 1933 Army Plan
The 1933 Army Plan has proven a failure. We must revise the plan and create a modern army that's capable of defending Norwegian interests.
Fleischer's Plan
General Carl Gustav Fleischer has proposed a small, professional army. Well-armed, well trained and familiar with harsh Norwegian conditions, Fleischer's plan puts a focus on quality.
Light Infantry Focus
Our soldiers should be able to operate well in the hills and mountains of Norway. This calls for specialist training.
Ruge's Plan
General Otto Ruge has proposed a large army of mobilisation. With more soldiers, more weapons and a skilled general staff, Ruge's plan puts a focus on quantity.
Reorganise High Command
A skilled and efficient high command is necessary to conduct modern warfare. By providing a modern and flexible chain of command, we can adapt to all situations.
Hold Rifle Trials
The development of infantry weaponry is happening at a staggering rate. We need to conduct rifle trials to choose a new weapon for our armed forces.
Improved Basic Training
Norway will never be able to have numerical superiority on the battlefield. We must therefore ensure to our soldiers are better trained and motivated than our enemies.
Flexible Planning
In war, plans might be useless, but planning is indispensable. Our general staff must therefore be prepared for everything.
Indirect Fire Superiority
The modern battlefield is no longer dominated by the rifleman. We will focus on attaining indirect fire superiority through modern artillery.
Basic Rifle Proficiency
While quantity is a quality of its own, we still need good soldiers. Let's ensure that all our soldiers are well trained in our weaponry.
Activate the Panserskipene
Several of our 'Panserskip', coastal defence ships built before the turn of the century, are pretty outdated and have been in reserve for a few years. However, we can return them to active service quite quickly.
Nortraship
The Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission is the governmental agency responsible for managing our merchant marine in case of war.
Expand Kystartilleriet
The coastal artillery is the branch of our armed forces tasked with protecting the Norwegian coast against enemies. By upgrading this branch, we ensure that our major cities are better protected against naval invasions.
The 1936 Fleet Plan
Our naval commanders have proposed a new plan for the Norwegian navy. The 1936 fleet plan will focus on industrial construction before specialising at a later date. This would greatly increase our naval potential.
Panserskip and Cruisers
We need larger vessels if Norway is going to project naval power into the North Atlantic. We should therefore focus on acquiring Panserskip and light cruiser.
Construct Light Cruisers
Our new shipyards have proposed the construction of a few light cruisers. These would be the first light cruiser in the history of the Norwegian navy.
The Model 1936 Modern Panserskip
Our fleet of Panserskip have been criticised for being obsolete. While our ships are indeed old, the Panserskip-concept isn't. We need the very model of a modern navy Panserskip.
U-boats and Destroyers
The Norwegian navy will never be able to defeat larger opponents in a conventional way. We should rather focus on U-boats and destroyers to harass our enemies.
Construct New U-Boats
By constructing new U-boats, we will greatly increase the offensive power of our navy.
Construct New Destroyers
By constructing new destroyers, we will greatly increase the defensive power of our navy.
Upgrade the Army Air Service
The army air service, established in 1912 is outdated. We should provide the funding to purchase more modern aircraft.
Upgrade the Navy Air Service
The navy air service was founded in 1912. While more modern than its army counterpart, it could also use more modern aircraft to support our navy.
Establish Luftforsvaret
Recent developments have shown that a strong air force is as important as any army or navy. Therefore, let us establish the Norwegian air force as a separate branch of the armed forces.
Support the DNL
Norwegian Airlines is the flag carrier of our country. If we support its expansion, we can bind Norway together and encourage the growth of industry.
Build New Airports
Norwegian air travel has mainly been restricted to military aircraft and seaplanes, due to the lack of proper civilian airports. We shall change this by building new airports around some of our major cities.
Offensive Air Capabilities
We need fighter aircraft with long range and the ability to take the fight to the enemy. Only this way can we prevent enemy aircraft from ever reaching our skies.
The 'Jagerbomber' Concept
Our scientists have recently proposed the development of a 'Jagerbomber'. The aircraft will combine the agility of a fighter with the destructive capability of a bomber.
Prioritise Home Defence
Our air force should primarily be a defensive weapon. As a result, we shall prioritise home defence in the development, production and deployment of our fighter aircraft.
Activate the No. 330 Squadron
Recent developments have shown that airpower can be devastating when used against ships and naval crafts. We should therefore establish a unit dedicated to this purpose. The No. 330 Squadron will specialise in long range patrols and the destruction of warships.
Andøya Rakettskytefelt
Our aircraft of the future will be based upon the jet engine. We must therefore establish a site dedicated to the testing and development of jet technology.
Worker's Victory
It has been a long and tenuous road, almost achieved before in 1928, but it has finally happened: the proletariat has finally taken its rightful control over Norway, through the bourgeois system no less. A new Norway dawns, one that is for all Norwegians, not just the rich!
Force Haakon's Abdication
Haakon, or prince Carl of Denmark as he is actually known, has been good for Norway, insofar that is possible with this snobbish class that are the noblemen. However, the monarchy is an outdated institution that we Norwegians were forced to accept under duress of the Ancien Regimes in 1905, and incompatible with syndicalist thought. He must go.
Declare Martial Law
It is time we ensure that the deep state controlled by capitalist fatcats as well as the populist rabble of Quisling are no longer able to threaten the government of the proletariat.
The People's Constitution
Our new society should have a proper socialist constitution to represent the break with the concept of a bourgeois state. Let us convene a constitutional assembly for this purpose.
Economic Reorganisation
The capitalist economy has been struggling ever since 1925, when our British brothers and sisters successfully established the Union of Britain. It is now our turn to organise the economy on syndicalist principles and finally free the Norwegian people from debt slavery.
A Norwegian Three Year Plan
Several prominent economists have proposed a plan for the development of the Norwegian economy over several years. Only this way can we ensure a rational and healthy economy built upon socialist principles. We need a Norwegian three years plan.
The Age of Radio
More and more people use the radio as their main source of information. We must ensure that the radio is used to enlighten the Norwegian people.
Syndicalist Academia
For too long, higher education has been denied to the proletariat. We shall change this by providing higher education to all people, regardless of sex or status. Syndicalist academia is nothing less than an investment in the future of mankind.
Integrate the Red Guards
The establishment of our new republic means that there is no longer any need for paramilitary militias to defend the workers. However, we will instead integrate them into our armed forces.
The Committee of Public Security
While the Norwegian revolution is a success, we must remain ever vigilant. Reactionaries remain both within and outside our nation. The Committee of Public Security will be an independent organ with the means to investigate and prosecute crimes against society.
Industrial Espionage
It was recently proposed to broaden the mandate of the Committee of Public Security to also include foreign espionage. There is much value in industrial knowledge and our scientific community would stand to benefit greatly from the proposal.
The Worker's Judiciary
The current judicial branch is little more than a tool for the capitalists to keep the worker and those fighting for their rights under the thumb. They ought to be removed and replaced by a proletarian judiciary that shall properly represent all Norwegians equally, regardless of class.
Bring Capitalists to Trial
Certain 'owners' of the means of production took to measures of highly questionable ethics. We should ensure they will pay for the injustices they served to their employees, we owe that to their victims.
Establish Diplomatic Relations
The lack of formal diplomatic relations is preventing proper diplomacy with our European comrades. We should therefore send an ambassador to London and Paris.
Harbour Finnish Socialists
Finland's revolution was sadly crushed at its root by the so-called 'white forces' and being a socialist in Finland is not a healthy disposition. We should offer sanctuary to Finnish socialists persecuted for their beliefs.
Bring the British Back!
Great Britain has always been Norway's natural partner, but when the revolutionaries took London the capitalists put the government up to ending relations with them, instead opening channels with the misguided nation of Canada. Now that we are politically compatible once again, it is once more time to work with London.
Norway at Arms!
Norway shall have its own unique role in the world revolution. And to that end, all Norwegians should take up arms to defend our newly acquired way of life and to prevent the Swedes from subjecting us to tyranny once again, after we finally cast off their shackles in 1905.
A New Norway in a New World
The new socialist Norway shall take its own place in the new world order of syndicalism, one of a guiding nation along Italy, Britain and France, that took part in the International struggle.
Petition the Phalanstère
The Phalanstère International is a programme of industrial aid to less industrialised socialist nations. Let us petition the Commune of France and ask for industrial aid and expertise!
Seek Military Aid
If we are to liberate our Swedish brothers and sisters, we are going to need military aid from our friends.
Support Swedish Unions
The trade unions in Sweden have been weak for a long time. If we support them, we can cause disruption in Swedish society.
Conduct War Games
The Norwegian army has never had an offensive mindset. We must seek to change this by conducting realistic wargames on the Swedish border.
Fund the Danish Syndicalism
Syndicalist support in our small former overlord of Denmark is weak. Despite the existence of a syndicalist trade union centre, the bourgeois socialist Thorvald Stauning has been plotting with the Germans to give the Danish proletariat a false sense of welfare in the hopes of raising a generation of class traitors. But this will not succeed on our watch!
Kompani Linge
The border between Norway and Sweden is long and unprotected. Martin Linge has recently proposed the creation of a team of commandoes. Through acts of sabotage they will aim to set Sweden ablaze.
Democratic Mandate
The voters have given us a strong mandate in the recent election, rejecting both syndicalism and nationalism. We must put this mandate to good use and improve the lives of all Norwegians.
Reconstitute the Bank of Norway
The bank of Norway has remained a passive institution for far too long. We need a bank that encourages economic activity and has the economic resources to properly do so.
Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation
The radio is unique in its capability to reach out to the masses. We must ensure that the NRK provides a balanced service, which is as educational as it is entertaining.
Norwegian Social Security Act
This act will allow the citizens of Norway a safety net against unemployment, and the financial woes it brings. Though of course such an act doesn't come without its cost.
Progressive Labour Agreement
The time has come for a formalised agreement between the trade unions and industry representatives. We need a progressive agreement that protect the workers, while still ensuring stable and predictable terms for our companies.
Establish State Enterprises
The state should play an active role in the development of our economy. We must therefore establish new companies under state ownership.
Conservative Labour Agreement
The time has come for a formalised agreement between the trade unions and industry representatives. We need a balanced agreement that ensures stability for our companies, while still accepting some of the trade union demands.
Free Market Theories
State intervention in the economy should be kept to a minimum. We will therefore let the invisible hand of the market ensure that the Norwegian economy is running at maximum efficiency.
The Social Security Act
All our citizens deserve a basic safety net. Let us institute a system of social security for all our sick, old, and unemployed.
Free Education
Education is crucial when trying to create a better society. We should create a system of free public education to ensure that our best and brightest, regardless of wealth, are able to aid our scientific community.
Reform the Police
The reputation of our police has been tainted by clashes against strikers and the use of excessive force. Let us reform the police and create a centralised, national police upon democratic values.
Landvernet
'Landvernet', territorial defence units consisting of men past their prime, has a history in Norway dating back hundreds of years. However, the value of the units in modern warfare is questionable. We shall therefore integrate them into our armed forces and ensure that the manpower is used in efficient ways.
The Black Devils
The Royal Guards was founded in 1856 and has served ever since. Known as 'The Black Devils' due to their black uniforms, the unit is about the strength of a battalion. Let us increase their size and create an elite division capable of defending Oslo and his majesty against all threats.
Organisation XU
What is Organisation XU? What does it stand for? 'Unknown Undercover Agent'? 'Enemy Unknown'? Nobody knows... Only that it exists.
Reaffirm Neutrality
Neutrality kept us out of the Weltkrieg, when people were dying by the millions in Central Europe. We should therefore reaffirm our neutrality and strong desire to avoid any military entanglements.
International Relations
Norway has never been an isolationist country. Let us reach out to the democratic nations of the world and attempt to build stronger relationships.
Fortress Norway
Our long and exposed coast lies wide open to foreign invaders. We must build defences to deter any enemies and ensure that fortress Norway is safe from any and all dangers.
Armed Neutrality
While we are committed to neutrality, we must still possess a strong defence. Only through armed neutrality can we ensure that Norway is untouched by war.
Military Autarky
Countries without allies can never fully depend upon other countries. We must strive to produce our own weapons and achieve military self-sufficiency.
Restart the Pomor Trade
Trade with Northern-Russia stopped during the Russian civil war and has remained so ever since. Let us try to re-establish valuable trade with the Pomors.
Trade Agreement with Germany
While joining any German custom unions is not an option, we might be able to achieve a limited trade agreement with Germany after Black Monday.
Trade Agreement with Canada
The Canadian market is one of the largest in the world, especially with its ties to the other countries in the British Commonwealth. We shall attempt to negotiate a deal with Ottawa.
The King in Ottawa
The bonds between Norway and Canada have always been strong. We shall further strengthen them by sending King Haakon on a state visit to Canada.
Join the Entente
As an anglophile democratic nation, it is in our best interests to join the Entente. The close family bonds between Haakon VII and [CAN_king_full_name] only strengthen this argument. We shall therefore attempt to join arms with Canada.
North Atlantic Investments
The North Atlantic is a natural area of development for us. As a result, we shall seek Canadian investment into our economy.
Mission to Montreal
The Norwegian army has much to learn in regards to modern warfare. The government has therefore decided to send a military mission to Canada to study the latest development and learn from their Canadian counterparts.
Little Norway
The success of our mission to Canada has resulted in a flurry of ideas regarding other forms of cooperation. To expand the Norwegian air force, we shall establish a military camp in Canada. 'Little Norway' will train our pilots using modern planes and allow us to drastically increase our number of planes in active service.
Consolidation of Power
The victory of Nasjonal Samling must result in lasting change. Before doing anything else, we must consolidate all power within our party.
NSFO
NS Faggruppeorganisasjon is a trade-union under the control of Nasjonal Samling. By annexing all other legal labour-organisations into the NSFO, we can alleviate our labour problems.
Rikshirden
The armed forces cannot fully be trusted. As a precautionary measure, our paramilitary party organisation, 'Rikshirden', will be elevated to equal standing, with a shared responsibility to protect our nation.
Hirdens Flykorps
The former Norwegian air force was outdated. We shall make the Hirden Air Corps capable of defending Norway and supporting the 'Rikshird' in a modern fashion.
Hirdmarinen
No political party can claim to really assume power without founding their own private navy. The 'Hirdmarinen' will achieve this for us and bring glory to Norway.
Førergarden
The personal guard of Vidkun Quisling should be expanded to a proper military organisation. They will be the vanguard in the struggle for the Greater Norwegian state.
Establish Statspolitiet
The old structure of the police proved inefficient at dealing with the threat of syndicalism. We shall therefore create a new, loyal police to combat all enemies, both internal and external.
National Research Council
Science exists to serve the needs and requirements of the state. Our research council will ensure that all research is conducted in accordance with this fundamental principle.
Reorganise the Economy
Capitalism shall weaken Norway no longer. Only with a corporatist economy can we guide the economy to serve the needs of party and state.
NS Arbeidstjeneste
Not everybody can serve in the armed forces, but even women and the youth can serve our state. The 'NS Arbeidstjeneste' shall put them to work in the cities and the fields to help build a new society through good, honest labour.
The Greenland Question
In 1814, when the treaty of Kiel entered Norway into a personal union with Sweden, Denmark kept its Northern Atlantic possessions. However, Greenland is an integral part of the Norwegian state. We should therefore demand its return and rectify this historical injustice.
North Atlantic Claims
Iceland and the Faroe Islands are sparsely populated and used to belong to Norway before our subjugation to Denmark. We should therefore demand their return.
The Northern Islands
The islands of Orkney and Shetland have cultural ties to Norway and used to be parts of the Kingdom of Norway. We should claim them to announce our territorial ambitions.
Claims on Sweden
Jemtland, Herjedalen and Båhuslen were taken by Sweden many years ago. We must attempt to change this and we should start by announcing our claims.
Demand Båhuslen and Jemtland
The time has come for action. Let us send an ultimatum demanding the return of our former territories.
Proclaim Greater Norway
We have reclaimed large parts of our lost territory. As a result, we can proclaim our victory and properly integrate our new lands.
For Norway, the last two decades could have been better. As a neutral country supportive of the British war effort, the hegemonic power of Germany did not favour the land of the midnight sun and the nation was excluded from the Mitteleuropa project that did include Sweden and Denmark. When Great Britain fell to the hammer and torch, the last trading partner of Norway that was not subject to heavy tariffs was an ocean away. Ever since, Norway found itself in diplomatic and economic isolation, and in the suffering this entails, the syndicalist-inclined Labour Party rises in the polls at an ever-increasing pace.
GFX_NOR_intro
The State of Norway
Norway is standing at a crossroad in history. While the nation is relatively prosperous, civil society is plagued by political infighting and stagnation.\n\nThe left is divided as a result of schisms within the once dominant Labour party. In 1921 the moderate faction broke away and formed the Social Democratic Labour Party, while the radical syndicalist wing broke away to form the Norwegian Syndicalist Federation in 1923. In addition, the Norwegian Communist Party is struggling and there are rumours about forming a new vanguard party of the far left, based upon the principles of National-Syndicalism.\n\nOn the opposite end of the political spectrum, several nationalist organisations are jockeying for power and influence. While they are somewhat united in their opposition to socialism, their means and goals differ.\n\nWhile the political infighting has not resulted in violence, the ruling Liberal party is mostly powerless to handle pressing issues due to its minority government. As dark clouds are gathering once more over Europe, the people are anxiously awaiting the election in October 1936.
§MDemocracy - NSA / Høyre§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot Empower the desired party in the 1936 elections, either the Social Democrats (§SNSA§!) or the Conservatives (§mHøyre§!), and in the subsequent election.\n\n§MSamfundsvernet§! ($paternal_autocrat_coloured$)\n£white_dot Empower the Radical Socialists (§RArbeiderpartiet§!) in the 1936 elections.\n£white_dot During the fighting in Oslo, let the Samfundsvernet capture Parliament and Quisling will form a new Government.\n\n§MRevolution§! ($radical_socialist_coloured$ / $syndicalist_coloured$ / $totalist_coloured$)\n£white_dot Same as above, but let the Worker's Militias take the Capital during the fighting in Oslo.\n£white_dot During the meeting of the Landsorganisasjonen, have any faction obtain a majority by supporting it 3 times or more.
Trade Mission to Japan
The lack of international trade has crippled the Norwegian economy since 1925. One of the underlying issues is the lack of work for our large merchant navy. A bright individual in the foreign department has recently proposed reaching out to the Empire of Japan, as it could prove a market for our dried-fish and whaling trade. We could also lease some merchant ships to the Japanese at favourable rates. If successful, an agreement would provide much needed contracts for our merchant navy.
Send a trade delegation.
The idea is ridiculous.
Mission from Norway
We recently received a trade delegation from the Kingdom of Norway. The country seeks new trading partners as it is not a part of the German 'Reichspakt' that dominates trade on the European mainland. They seek to trade, among other things, dried-fish and have offered us very favourable rates on Norwegian merchant shipping. Most of our trade experts are in favour of accepting, while a few oppose the use of foreign shipping in moving Japanese goods.
We won't refuse a good deal.
Politely decline.
Norvego-Japanese Trade Agreement of 1936
Our proposal for a trade agreement has been accepted by the Japanese government and was signed in Tokyo this morning. It will provide much needed relief for parts of our economy.
Great!
The Japanese Decline
Unfortunately, the Japanese government has declined our trade agreement. It seems we will have to find other markets for our industry.
Apparently, the idea was ridiculous after all...
End of the NKP
Today the NKP, the Norwegian Communist Party, disbanded itself. Having failed to capitalise on the current economic crisis, the party decided to disband itself and have its members join the newly created Norwegian National-Syndicalist Party. Based upon the new teaching of politicians such as Benito Mussolini and Oswald Mosley, popularly known as \
Yet another party of the left?
Protests Against Farm Foreclosures
The current economic crisis has caused a lot of farmers to default on their loans and mortgages. As a result, their livestock and property is normally auctioned away to the highest bidder by local authorities. The practice is deeply unpopular among Norwegian farmers, but its proponents claim that debts must be repaid and that the auctions are a necessary evil in a free market economy. Yesterday, the Farmers Party proposed a bill that would ban the auctions. What is the governments position on the issue?
Allow the auctions to continue.
Pass the bill and ban the auctions.
The Birth of Bygdefolkets Krisehjelp
Today, a loose grouping of landowners, farmers and right-wing politicians announced the establishment of Bygdefolkets Krisehjelp. Partly political and partly economic, the goal of the organisation is to oppose the farm auctions and aid farmers in need. Questions have already been raised regarding its independence, as its founders are all members of the party Nasjonal Samling. While some newspapers have praised its creation, others are denouncing the organisation as nothing more than a ploy to increase support for Nasjonal Samling in rural areas.
Unfortunate.
Quisling's Speech
Vidkun Quisling, a former minister of defence and the leader of the extremely nationalistic party Nasjonal Samling, recently held a public rally. In his speech, Quisling denounced the government for both its handling of the economic crisis and the lack of measures taken against the Norwegian syndicalists. He encouraged his supporters to join Samfundsvernet, a conservative paramilitary organisation, claiming that Samfundsvernet and Nasjonal Samling was Norway's last line of defence against syndicalism.
Last line against syndicalism? Really...?
Samfundsvernet and the State
Since Samfundsvernet was founded in 1923, the paramilitary organisation has been a bulwark against syndicalism. Although controlled and supported by conservative and nationalist circles, it was even granted status as reserve-police by the Police Act of 1928. However, Quisling's recent speech has filled its ranks with his supporters and radicalised the organisation. Several voices have raised concern regarding this development and wants us to curtail the organisation.
Revoke their status and suppress the organisation.
They are a defence against Syndicalism.
Failure at Suppression
Our attempts at suppressing Samfundsvernet have failed. The right-wing parties would not accept any compromise regarding the organisation, while the left-wing parties demanded an outright ban. As a result, we couldn't build a parliamentary majority on the issue.
They will remain a danger...
The Formation of Red Guards
Our intelligence service is reporting that the syndicalist parties and trade unions are covertly organising paramilitary red guards. While this is most likely a response to the radicalisation of Samfundsvernet, it is an unsettling development.
What can we do...
Influence from the UoB
The Union of Britain has begun influencing our political system. It seems they are supporting syndicalist groupings with funds and attempting to undermine the legitimacy of our democracy in the left-wing press.
Damned syndicalists!
Stortingsvalget 1936
Today, the Norwegian people elects a new parliament. The election is tightly fought and will decide the course of Norway in the foreseeable future. There are three possible outcomes. First of all, the radical-socialist Labour Party is campaigning on a platform of socialist reform. The Society Guard has declared that such a victory would force their hand, whatever that means. Another possibility is the social democratic Labour Party in coalition with the Liberal Party. Furthermore, the market liberal Conservatives could gain power with the Farmers party. Who will win?
The Radical-Socialists wins a Plurality.
The Social-Democrats and Liberals gain a Majority.
The Conservatives and Farmers Party forms a Coalition.
The Conservatives Protest
The conservative and far-right parties have issued a formal protest against the formation of a radical Labour government. The claim said government is a threat to the stability of the nation and demand that the king appoints someone else. However, the king is not inclined to break with parliamentary procedure and has stated that 'I am also king for the syndicalists'.
It is the will of the people!
Governor Rygg Critise the Government
Nicolai Rygg, former minister of finance and the current governor of the Norwegian Central Bank, has begun to harshly criticise the government in public. According to Rygg, the country is bound for economic devastation and he strongly encourage the opposition to defeat the government. Governor Rygg is quite the influential man and his opposition is bound to be shared by the established political parties.
Why won't he shut up?
The Scope of Socialist Reform
With our party in government, we need to decide upon the scope of our reform agenda. As we only have a parliamentary plurality, we would need support from other parties to pass the laws. A majority of our party wants to enact some limited labour legislation, including work hours and safety regulations, that would easily gain support from the social democrats and liberals. A minority believes we should exploit our recent electoral victory and attempt to push for nationalisation of critical industries. While such a plan won't easily pass parliament, it could perhaps garner some support from certain right-wing elements.
Minor Reform. Enact some labour legislation.
Major Reform. Nationalise critical industries.
Quisling and Samfundsvernet Mobilise
This morning, Vidkun Quisling occupied at studio at the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation and started broadcasting on the radio. He announced that parliament would pass a motion of no confidence against the government the following day. To keep the peace and secure an orderly transition of power, Samfundsvernet would mobilise and protect important public institutions. In the end, Quisling justified these actions by blaming the government for its dangerous, revolutionary plans.\n\nAs the guardsmen took to the street, the police refused to take action. Clashes soon developed between guardsmen and worker's militias as the situation rapidly escalated.
We have a mandate for change!
The Unions Mobilise
As the crisis continue to escalate, the trade unions have mobilised and declared a general strike. Martin Tranmæl, one of the most important syndicalist figures in Norway, declared support for the government and denounced the bourgeois opposition. According to Tranmæl, the Labour Party will not be able to stand on its own, while the bourgeois establishment is plotting to crush the organisations of the common man. The worker must now take matters into his own hands, claims Tranmæl.\n\nAs battle rages in the streets of Oslo, it seems that the police and army have orders to remain in their barracks.
The country is holding its breath!
The Hour of Decision!
As the battle of Oslo rages for the third day, power hangs in the balance. Both sides have a certain claim to legitimacy and whoever captures the capital will likely control the country. The worker's guards claim to be defending the legitimate government, while Samfundsvernet wish to enable the parliamentary downfall of said government. As the battle reaches its climax...
The Worker's Militias take the Capital and impeach the bourgeois elements.
Samfundsvernet capture Parliament and Quisling forms a Government.
A Syndicalist Norway
With the help of the Trade Unionists, the labour government has managed to survive the bourgeois attacks on the rightful government. Now they have the power and capacity to reform Norway in a manner that has not been seen before. At the end of this, Norway will have achieved socialism!
All Power to the Workers.
A Nationalist Norway
Vidkun Quisling has formed a national government to combat the syndicalist threat. Today, parliament passed a law granting Quisling the power to enact laws, before Quisling suspended parliament indefinitely. There is no doubt that a new age has come to Norway. Also, the King has fled to Canada.
Order and Justice.
Stortingsvalget [GetYear]
Today, the Norwegian people elects a new parliament. The election is tightly fought and will decide the course of Norway in the foreseeable future.
The Social-Democrats and Liberals gain a Majority.
The Conservatives and Farmers Party forms a Coalition.
The Oslo Analyser
The scientist Svein Rosseland recently proposed the construction of a large mechanical computer, The Oslo Analyser. With governmental support, he has now finished the theoretical parts of the project. His team will now attempt to construct this technological marvel. If successful, the computer should greatly increase our research capabilities.
Good luck, Mr. Rosseland!
The Oslo Analyser Is Complete
Today, in a ceremony at the University of Oslo, Mr. Rosseland unveiled the Oslo Analyser. Based upon the work of Vannevar Bush and currently the most powerful differential analyser in the world, the machine has twelve integrators and will provide our scientist with unrivalled computing power.
Who needs Konrad Zuse or Alan Turing!
The DNL Wishes to Expand
Our recent investments into 'Det Norske Luftfartselskap' has opened up several possibilities for our flag carrier. We could focus on the domestic market and try to bind Norway together by air. By investing in new airports and routes, we can move people, goods and mail much faster. We could also focus on the Scandinavian and North Atlantic market. However, some claim that the risks involved are too large and the possible rewards to small. What course of expansion should we pick?
Limited Expansion.
Grand Expansion.
The Expansion Is a Success
The expansion of the DNL has proven to be a success. Most of the flights have been full and the activity on routes between our largest cities have doubled.
Great!
The Expansion Is a Failure
The expansion of the DNL has proven to be a failure. The international competition is fierce and the DNL was not able to turn a profit. As a result, it was decided to close down all international flights.
Very Unfortunate Indeed...
Opening of the Constitutional Convention
Today marks the opening of the constitutional convention of our young republic. Hundreds of delegates, representing trade unions from all parts of society, have gathered to debate the organisation of the new state. As the Assembly of 1814 created an independent Norwegian kingdom, this convention will found a modern republic. Its achievements will surely impact all parts of society.
An important moment in Norwegian History!
Day 1. Autonomy for the Local Trade Unions
The first question regards the autonomy of local trade unions.
Keep power with the central government.
Delegate power to the local unions.
Day 2. Independence for the Judiciary
The second question regards the independence of the judiciary.
An independent judiciary.
Keep the courts under political control.
$norway_events.118.a$
$norway_events.118.b$
Day 3. Unions for the Armed Forces
The third question regards control over our military. Shall we create dedicated unions for our soldiers or will a more traditional approach be better?
Create Military Unions.
Keep the armed forces under central control.
$norway_events.119.a$
$norway_events.119.b$
$norway_events.119.a$
$norway_events.119.b$
$norway_events.119.a$
$norway_events.119.b$
The Convention Is Concluded
As the convention is concluded, we can finally celebrate a constitution that will truly bring freedom and prosperity to all Norwegian workers.
A day for celebration!
Norway Petitions the Phalanstère
We recently received a delegation from Norway. They seek aid from the Phalanstère to help industrialise their country. What shall be our response?
Provide industrial aid.
We have nothing to spare...
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Granted Our Request
[From.GetNameDefCap] have decided to grant out request. They will begin work immediately.
Great!
Aid from the Phalanstère Has Arrived
The industrial help from France has finally arrived.
A thousand thanks to our French friends!
[From.GetNameDefCap] Has Denied Our Request
It seems that [From.GetNameDef] has decided to deny our request.
A pity...
Norway Seeks Military Aid
We recently received a delegation from Norway. They seek weapons and volunteers to help them in their planned war against Sweden. What shall be our response?
We recently received a delegation from Norway. They seek weapons and volunteers to help them defend against German aggression. What shall be our response?
Send volunteers and surplus weapons.
We have nothing to spare...
[From.GetNameDefCap] has granted our request. They will send us weapons and volunteers to aid us in our struggle.
Norway Supports Swedish Unions
The syndicalist government of Norway has recently begun to support Swedish trade unions with funds, advisors and, most worryingly, weapons. Labour unrest has increased and the syndicalists seems to be gaining confidence.
Issue a diplomatic protest.
This means war!
War Games on the Border
To improve our military and change the defensive mindset of our soldiers, the Norwegian army will conduct large scale manoeuvres on the Swedish border.
We'll be ready for the Swedes.
The Norwegian syndicalists have massed their army on our border and conducted war games the latest days. While any aggression would already have taken place, the purpose of the exercises can not be mistaken. The cabinet is divided in regards to our response. Some wish to present an ultimatum to force the Norwegians to back down, while others have proposed holding our own exercises.
Threaten them with war!
Conduct exercises of our own.
The Swedish Ultimatum
The Swedish government has issued an ultimatum, demanding that we end our war games and pull our troops away from the border. Should we defy their ultimatum and continue our exercises or comply with their demands?
Call their bluff.
Back down, we're not ready for war.
Our Ultimatum Was Refused
This morning, our ultimatum expired and the Norwegian army is still conducting military operations on the border. They have clearly decided to ignore us.
Then it's war!
Damn, they called our bluff...
The Norwegians Back Down
This morning, the Norwegian army pulled their troops away from our border. Their attempt at preparing for war has been a failure.
Great!
Our War Games Are a Success
Our wargames have proved to be a complete success. Our men have come to accept the necessity of liberating our Swedish brothers and army morale is at an all-time high.
Great!
Kompani Linge in Sweden
A band of saboteurs and terrorists have recently begun operating in Sweden. 'Kompani Linge', named after some obscure former actor, has already blown up several rail lines and ammunition depots.
They'll have to be dealt with...
This is quite enough!
Norway Seeks to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Norway, with their new socialist government firmly entrenched, has requested to join our alliance.
Yes, they be a valuable ally.
No, they would only be a burden.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepted Our Request
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has decided to accept us into their military alliance.
Great!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refused Our Request
Unfortunately, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to reject our petition to join the [FROM.GetFactionName].
It seems we're on our own...
State Visit to Canada
The Norwegian and British royal families have strong family ties, especially since Haakon VII is [CAN_king_full_name]'s uncle through marriage. Recently the Norwegian government has considered approaching the Canadian government regarding closer diplomatic relations. It has recently been suggested to send his majesty on a state visit to Ottawa. The king could bring the matter to the attention of [CAN_king_full_name] and hopefully improve Norway's standing with the Canadian public.
Give our regards to [CAN_king_full_name]
Norwegian State Visit
The Norwegian and British royal families have strong family ties, especially since Haakon VII is [CAN_king_full_name]'s uncle through marriage. Recently the Norwegian government has considered approaching the Canadian government regarding closer diplomatic relations. They have therefore decided to send Haakon VII on a state visit to us.
He is most welcome.
King Haakon in Canada
Haakon VII's visit to Canada has proven a great success. In-between formal receptions and sightseeing, he managed to bring attention to our diplomatic situation. The king also had a very constructive session with his nephew and [CAN_king_first_name] promised to bring the matter to the attention of his ministers.
A great success.
Haakon VII's visit to Canada has proven a great success. In-between formal receptions and sightseeing, he has attempted to showcase the difficult situation of Norway to the Canadian public. The king also had a very constructive session with his nephew and [CAN_king_first_name] apparently promised to bring the matter to the attention of his ministers.
The Kingdom of Norway has approached us with the intention of signing a mutual defence agreement. In practice, the agreement would make Norway a member of the Entente. While we would become responsible for the defence of territories on the European mainland, we would also improve our strategic position. The Norwegian coast is long and crucial to conduct operations into the North Atlantic and the North Sea.
Restarting the Pomor Trade
After the political and economic chaos of the Russian Civil War, trade between northern Norway and northern Russia has been at a minimum. It seems that Norway has now taken steps to reestablish the trade links by reaching out to local authorities in Murmansk and Arkhangelsk. While they really should have approached central authorities first, the idea of reestablishing the Pomor trade has merit. What shall be our response?
Encourage the Pomor trade.
No, trade is a governmental matter.
The [GetYear] Norvego-Russian Trade Agreement
In the end, the Russian government discovered our delegation to the local authorities in Murmansk and Arkhangelsk. Luckily, they thought our suggestions have merit and have agreed to reestablish the Pomor trade.
Very well.
The Russians Refuse
In the end, the Russian government discovered our delegation to the local authorities in Murmansk and Arkhangelsk. Unfortunately, they were not interested in our proposal.
Too bad...
Trade Agreement with Norway
Norway has recently approached us regarding a limited trade agreement. Since Norway isn't a member of our 'Reichspakt', their trade with continental Europe is very limited. We would normally not allow this, but after Black Monday, the promise of increased trade is tempting.
Yes, we need a limited agreement.
No, politely decline.
The [GetYear] Norvego-German Trade Agreement
Germany has agreed to our proposal for a limited trade agreement.
The Germans Refuse
Germany has refused our proposal for a limited trade agreement.
Trade Agreement with Norway
Norway has recently approached us regarding a trade agreement. They are one of the countries in Europe most geographically close to us, and closing down trade barriers with them would mean better relations and economic growth for both us and the Norwegians. This could also be beneficial in that we would be gaining an economic foothold in Northern Europe, which we could use as a stepping stone for greater ambitions.
Agree to the proposal.
Decline.
The [GetYear] Norvego-Canadian Trade Agreement
Canada has agreed to our proposal for a trade agreement.
The Canadians Refuse
Canada has refused our proposal for a trade agreement.
Norway Demands Greenland
In 1814, when the Treaty of Kiel entered Norway into a personal union with Sweden, we kept our Northern Atlantic possessions. The new, nationalistic Norwegian government of Vidkun Quisling has now demanded that we relinquish control over the island.
In 1814, when the treaty of Kiel entered Norway into a personal union with Sweden, Denmark kept its Northern Atlantic possessions. Greenland is now in our possession and the new, nationalistic Norwegian government of Vidkun Quisling has now demanded that we relinquish control over the island.
Refuse these preposterous demands.
They are right, cede the territory.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Demands
Realising the futility of their position, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to accept our rightful claims. Greenland once again part of Norway.
Welcome home!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Demands
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused our rightful claims, calling them preposterous and completely unreasonable. The heads of our armed forces are awaiting word. What is the solution to the crisis?
What they won't give, we'll take!
Back down, we're not ready for war...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Backs Down
Realising the futility of their position, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to withdraw their irredentist claims.
A victory for diplomacy.
Peace with Canada?
Our recent success against the Anglo-Canadian forces in the North Atlantic means that we are in a position to make terms. We should be able to demand all the North Atlantic possessions under Canadian control in exchange for peace. What is the position of the government?
We have accomplished our goals. Sue for peace!
No peace, total victory or death!
Peace with Norway?
Due to the unfortunate course of the war, the Norwegians are in a position to present terms and have recently sent a peace offer. They want all our Northern Atlantic possessions, but no 'true' Canadian lands. Do we accept?
We have been defeated, accept the offer.
No, the war isn't over.
Victory over [FROM.GetNameDef]
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has accepted our peace offer. We have regained our long lost Northern Atlantic possessions.
Hurrah!
New Norwegian Demands
There seem to be no end to Norwegians aggression as they've decided to demand the rest of our North Atlantic possessions. What shall be our answer?
Never.
We can't risk a war with Norway.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Demands
Realising the futility of their position, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to accept our rightful claims. They are once again part of Norway.
Welcome home!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Demands
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused our rightful claims, calling them preposterous and completely unreasonable. The heads of our armed forces are awaiting word. What is the solution to the crisis?
What they won't give, we'll take!
Back down, we're not ready for war...
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Backs Down
Realising the futility of their position, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to withdraw their irredentist claims.
A victory for diplomacy.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Demand Our Annexation
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has demanded our submission. They want to re-establish [FROM.GetAdjective] rule on Iceland. What do we reply?
No, Iceland is an independent nation!
Yes, it is for the best.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Submits
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has accepted our rightful demands. They are now a part of our nation.
A great day for Norway.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Demands
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has refused our rightful claims, calling them preposterous and completely unreasonable. The heads of our armed forces are awaiting word. What is the government going to do?
What they won't give, we'll take!
Back down, we're not ready for war...
The [FROM.GetAdjective] Claims
The [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to demand the return of [778.GetName] and [908.GetName]. These areas have been a part of Sweden for almost 300 years. Can we accept such an outrageous demand?
Never!
Well... Who cares about [778.GetName]...?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts Our Demands
In a surprising turn of events, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to accept our demands. They have turned the contested areas over to us!
What! Seriously...?
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Our Demands
As expected, the [FROM.GetAdjective] government has decided to refuse our rightful requests. What shall be our response?
We'll regain our lands with force!
Fine, nobody cares about those places anyway.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Backs Down
Realising the futility of their position, [FROM.GetNameDef] has decided to withdraw their irredentist claims.
A victory for diplomacy.
Norway Wants to Join the [ROOT.GetFactionName]
Norway, which is currently threatened by the Syndicalist menace, has requested to join our alliance.
Norway, stating admiration for our strong ruling government, sees us as the future of Europe and has requested to join our alliance.
Welcome.
That Quisling has a bad name, we're better off without him.
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] Has Accepted Our Request
The [FROM.GetAdjective]s have decided to accept us into their military alliance.
Together we'll crush the syndicalist scum!
The weakness of the old order will be laid bare!
[FROM.GetNonIdeologyName] Has Refused Our Request
Unfortunately, [FROM.GetAdjective]s have decided to reject our petition to join the [FROM.GetFactionName].
It seems we're on our own...
The Abolition of the Monarchy
With full control over the politics of Norway, the Labour party steams ahead. Today we declare the People's Republic and Haakon will be removed from his throne. Though the Danish prince proved himself friendly to or at the very least not biased against socialism, the monarchy is an archaic method of the forces of reaction to control the people and must therefore be abolished.
Tranmael will serve as interim chairman.
Norway Sponsors Føderationen
It has come to our attention that Føderationen, the largest syndicalist organisation in Denmark, has recently received large amount of funds originating from shady sources. Our police has backtracked it to the syndicalist regime present in Norway, doubtlessly in the hopes of imposing their ideology on the Danish people.
This is outrageous!
The Great Patriotic War
Once again, the perfidious Swedes are seeking to subdue us Norwegians, only a mere two decades after we finally cast off their yoke. Many Norwegians don't agree with the nature of our government, yet the whole Norwegian nation nearly unanimously despises the idea of a return of the Swedish-Norwegian union.\n\nThroughout Norway, volunteers to fight in our forces are enlisting, ready to confront the menace. And on the homefront, civilians help their soldiers to the best of their ability. While the Swedes outgun us and overpower us in terms of manpower, we shall make up for what we miss materially in spirit!\n\nWe shall go on to the end, we shall fight in Sweden, we shall fight on the seas and oceans, we shall fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air, we shall defend our fylker, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight in the fjords, we shall fight on the border, we shall fight in the forests and in the streets, we shall fight in the mountains; we shall never surrender.
We. Shall. Never. Surrender!
The End of the Great Patriotic War
For better or for worse, the great patriotic war has ended. With Sweden no longer actively fighting our nation, the anti-Swedish war enthusiasm is withering away at an ever-increasing pace... Leaving the question in its wake whether the continued wrongdoings between our people will allow for reconciliation, or whether an inherited rivalry has now definitively taken shape...
At least the war is over...
Vidkun Quisling's Counter Revolution
This morning, Vidkun Quisling, an outspoken Norwegian nationalist executed a counter-coup against the recently instated Norwegian syndicalist government with the assistance of the army. Quisling has long been an outspoken critic of any socialist beliefs, and has ran a prominent radio broadcast on his thoughts on the state of the nation, and his steps to destroy socialism. Army units loyal to the syndicalist cause have engaged in sporadic combat with the Norwegian Armed Forces, who have sworn allegiance to their new leader.\nWhile it is believed that there will still be significant opposition to Quisling's regime, escalation to a civil war has been found to be unlikely. As Norway finally gives into its nationalist underbelly, the world can only watch as the hallmark of European liberal democracy slips into obscurity.
For better or for worse, Norway's path is\nher own
Socialists Assume Full Control in Norway!
After winning the elections and forcing King Haakon VII to abdicate, the socialist party of Norway has today ratified a new constitution which fully turns the country in a syndicalist state, just like France and Britain before them.\n\nWith another piece of the chessboard joining the syndicalist cause, the balance of power in Europe shifted again in the great game of chess between the revolution and the old order - but we have yet to see how Norway itself will affect the overall state of affairs.
Did they really betray King Haakon's trust so shamelessly?
Norway finally broke its chains.
Landsorganisasjonen - Foreign Policy
As per the new constitution, the Norwegian Trade Union Confederation has been made the primary democratic institution of the new Norwegian people's state. Today they have assembled for the first time to decide on the foreign policy of this new nation for the coming years. Three factions within the confederation have solidified; the moderates, the closest to a continuation of the Labour Party, led by Einar Gerhardsen, the orthodox syndicalists of the NSF, led by Elias Volan and finally the maximists, basing themselves on the party of the same name in Britain, led by Albin Eines. Today we vote on foreign policy, and all three factions have their own ideas on this matter. The moderates consider the defence of the republic the most important, and call for a defensive attitude, while the syndicalists consider it our sacred duty to help the internationale liberate the rest of the world. Lastly, the totalists want our foreign policy to focus on Sweden, as according to them, our Swedish neighbour could well doom Norway if handled inadequately.
It is our duty to export the revolution with the Brits and French!
The Defence of the Republic is Paramount!
Without Sweden pacified, Norway will never be safe!
Landsorganisasjonen - Military Matters
With the question of foreign policy resolved, the discussion has moved on to military matters. The moderates consider the old manner of military organisation not fit for the revolutionary status quo and want to make officer posts elected amongst the soldiers they lead. The syndicalists fear this will lead to popular but untalented officers to rise to the top at the cost of military efficiency but agree that some kind of democratic control is needed, and therefore argue in favour of reorganising our military into a trade union, where the soldiers elect representatives in a 'board' that instead assigns officers throughout the military. The maximists reject both attempts at democratising the military, which according to them will only result in inefficiency where it is least needed, and defend the status quo, preferring a traditional army.
The syndicalists control the debate!
The moderates win the day!
The maximists secure the status quo!
Landsorganisasjonen - The Economy
Now the confederation has arrived to the matter of the economy. Disturbingly, the three factions once again can't find common ground. The moderates want to nationalise the economy and have them be controlled by way of the government, letting the people influence it through the elections on the central government. The syndicalists reject this idea and argue that the economy should be decentralised instead, letting the workers in one means of production decide over their own production through a trade union instead without influence of the government. The maximists take the middle ground, accepting the syndicalist plan to syndicalise the economy in its entirety but rejecting the notion that these unions should not be bound by government interference, lest they be needed for the national interest.
A Syndicalised Economy.
A Nationalised Economy.
A Guided Syndicalised Economy.
Landsorganisasjonen - The Youth
The confederation agrees that the educational system should be changed as well in the coming years. The syndicalists want to educate the youth about the revolution and socialist thought, and the importance to cherish the freedom the Norwegian worker bled for and to defend it, while the maximists instead want to focus the political curriculum on the general secretary - a cult of personality of sorts. The moderates meanwhile reject the politicisation of the educational system, and argue for it to be purified from elements focused on keeping the proletariat down installed by the plutocratic government of old but that it be kept neutral going from there.
The Revolution should be cherished by the youth!
A neutral and objective educational system is what's needed.
The youth should venerate the Chairman!
Electing the Chairman of the Republic
Against all odds, the once fringe faction of Albin Eines has achieved a total victory during the conference of the Norwegian Trade Union Confederation, the Landsorganisasjonen. As such, it surprised few that Albin Eines run for chairman went unopposed, with the leaders of the other factions unwilling to execute the maximist plans that came out of this conference.
The Syndicalists stood victorious in several policy debates in the Norwegian Trade Union Confederation. With a majority of their latest proposals having been approved, it turns out that Norway is moving towards an orthodox syndicalist path. Elias Volan is now the only one to realistically become chairman, with the others dropping out or turning out to be too fringe to have a chance.
The moderate faction of Einar Gerhardsen had always been the favourite to win in these elections, holding sway among a large part of the Norwegians loyal to the republic. After several successes in the policy debates, Gerhardsen's rivals have caved and dropped out of the race, sitting their opposition to the new government of Norway. The election of Gerhardsen as Norway's chairman is all but assured.
Sectarianism clearly runs rife within the Norwegian state, because no majority has been found. As a result, the race for chairman is still extremely competitive, with both the maximist leader Albin Eines and moderate leader Elias Volan still being in it, a surprising turn of events considering the fringeness of the totalist spectre once. The last votes are being tallied and it appears that...
Sectarianism clearly runs rife within the Norwegian state, because no majority has been found. As a result, the race for chairman is still extremely competitive, with both the maximist leader Albin Eines and moderate leader Einar Gerhardsen still being in it, a surprising turn of events considering the fringeness of the totalist spectre once. The last votes are being tallied and it appears that...
Sectarianism clearly runs rife within the Norwegian state, because no majority has been found. As a result, the race for chairman is still extremely competitive, with both the syndicalist leader Elias Volan and moderate leader Einar Gerhardsen still being in it, which probably isn't too surprising an outcome. The last votes are being tallied and it appears that...
Albin Eines is the new Chairman!
Volan for a safe syndicalist Norway!
Gerhardsen shall be a splendid Chairman.
... Albin Eines is Norway's new chairman.
... Einar Gerhardsen wins out after all.
... Elias Volan is elected Chairman.
The 1936 elections have been held
§Y[DEN.GetName]§! and §Y[SWE.GetName]§! have not started §Y$SCANDINAVIA_nordic_council$§!
Norway
Norwegian
Norway
Norwegian Socialist Republic
the Norwegian Socialist Republic
Norwegian Socialist Republic
the Norwegian Socialist Republic
Norwegian Socialist Republic
the Norwegian Socialist Republic
Norway
Norwegian
Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Greater Norway
Albin Eines
§YBorn:§! §LJune 9th, 1886, in Trondhjem, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Elias Volan
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 10th, 1887, in Inderøy, Nordre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Einar Gerhardsen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 10th, 1897, in Asker, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Martin Tranmæl
§YBorn:§! §LJune 27th, 1879, in Melhus, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Konrad Nordahl
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 25th, 1897, in Askøy, Bergenhus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Johan Ludwig Mowinckel
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 22nd, 1870, in Bergen, Bergen Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Carl Joachim Hambro
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1885, in Bergen, Bergen Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Nils Trædal
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1879, in Sunndal, Romsdals Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Rolf Fuglesang
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 31st, 1909, in Fredrikstad, Smaalenenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Vidkun Quisling
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1887, in Moland, Bratsbergs Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Haakon VII
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1872, in Charlottenlund Palace, Copenhagen, Kingdom of Denmark§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAfter Norway secured its independence from Sweden in 1905, prince Carl of Denmark was asked to become king of the newly independent nation. Known to be a strong proponent of Democracy, the prince only accepted the throne after he was legitimised by plebiscite, adopting the regnal name Haakon that had been used by the Norwegian kings of old.\n\nIn more recent years, Norway's perceived support for the Entente during the Weltkrieg has pushed it into diplomatic and economic isolation, resulting in an increased growth of the socialist movement. Despite being respected and supported by the Norwegian people, and his declaration in 1928 that he is also the king of the syndicalists, this republican movement renders Haakon's position all but secure.§!
Olav Scheflo
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1883, in Stenkjær, Nordre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Sverre Stoestad
§YBorn:§! §LMay 13th, 1887, in Stenkjær, Nordre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Haakon Lie
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 22nd, 1905, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Johan Henrik Andresen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 29th, 1888, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Magnus Nilssen
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 18th, 1871, in Lillehammer, Kristians Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Johan Nygaardsvold
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 6th, 1879, in Hommelvik, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Gulbrand Lunde
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1901, in Bergen, Bergen Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Stortinget
§YFounded:§! §LMay 17th, 1814, in Eidsvoll, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Wilhelm Morgenstierne
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1887, Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Adolf Indreboe
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 17th, 1884, Førde, Nordre Bergenhus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Jakob Friis
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1883, Røros, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Arnulf Oeverland
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1889, in Kristiansund, Romsdals Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Olav Hindahl
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 17th, 1892, in Stavanger, Stavanger Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Arne Scheel
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 11th, 1872, in Christiania, Christiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Ivar Lykke
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1872, in Trondhjem, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Odd Klingenberg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1871, in Trondhjem, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Erik Colban
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 8th, 1876, in Christiania, Christiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Kornelius Bergsvik
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1889, in Austrheim, Bergenhus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Terje Wold
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 23rd, 1889, in Evenes, Nordlandenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Finn Stoeren
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 20th, 1893, in Christianssand, Nedenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Frederik Prytz
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 14th, 1878, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Jon Sundby
§YBorn:§! §LJune 8th, 1883, in Vestby, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Sven Nielsen
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 18th, 1883, in Stavanger, Stavanger Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Harald Gram
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 18th, 1887, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Kristian Laake
§YBorn:§! §LApril 9th, 1875, in Ullensaker, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Carl Gustav Fleischer
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1883, in Bjørnør, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Otto Ruge
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 9th, 1882, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
William Steffens
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 5th, 1880, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Wilhelm von Tangen Hansteen
§YBorn:§! §LMay 11th, 1896, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Hans Reidar Holtermann
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 20th, 1895, in Sokndal, Stavanger Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Carl Johan Erichsen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 14th, 1879, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Birger Ljungberg
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1884, in Kråkerøy, Smaalenenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Jacob Ager Laurantzon
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 7th, 1878, in Eidsberg, Smaalenenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Jacob Hvinden Haug
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 14th, 1880, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Trygve Frivold Graff-Wang
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 19th, 1875, in Christiania, Christiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Oswald Nordlie
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 4th, 1881, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Arne Dagfin Dahl
§YBorn:§! §LMay 24th, 1894, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Rasmus Hatledal
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 1st, 1885, in Stryn, Nordre Bergenhus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Jonas Lie
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 31st, 1899, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Karl Marthinsen
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 25th, 1896, in Karlsøy, Tromsø Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Oliver Møystad
§YBorn:§! §LJune 15th, 1892, in Hernes, Hedmarkens Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Henrik Rogstad
§YBorn:§! §LApril 13th, 1916, in Trondhjem, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Axel Stang
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 21st, 1904, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Konrad Sundlo
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 1st, 1881, in Christianssand, Nedenes Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Carsten Tank-Nielsen
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 16th, 1871, in Horten, Jarlsberg og Larviks Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Henry Diesen
§YBorn:§! §LApril 3rd, 1882, in Trondhjem, Søndre Trondhjems Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Edgar Otto
§YBorn:§! §LApril 12th, 1873, in Horten, Jarlsberg og Larviks Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Elias Corneliussen
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 3rd, 1881, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Andreas Wettre
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 29th, 1886, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Ole Reistad
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1896, in Aker, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen
§YBorn:§! §LJune 7th, 1890, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Bjarne Øen
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 6th, 1898, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Skule Storheill
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1907, in Brønnøysund, Nordlands Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Tryggve Gran
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1888, in Bergen, Bergen Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Georg Jacob Falck Bull
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 10th, 1892, in Sogndal, Nordre Bergenhus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Bjørn Christophersen
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1900, in Skedsmo, Akershus Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Kristian Welhaven
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 11th, 1883, in Kristiania, Kristiania Amt, Kingdom of Norway§!
Norwegian Army Council
§YFounded:§! §LJanuary 18th, 1628, in the Kingdom of Norway§!
Vanguard
Vanguard Party of New Zealand
Socialists
New Zealand Socialist Party
Syndicalists
Syndicalist Party of New Zealand
Labour Party
New Zealand Labour Party
Rātana
Rātana Movement
Country-Democrats
New Zealand Country-Democrat Party
National Party
New Zealand National Party
New Zealand Legion
The New Zealand Legion
Military Government
Temporary Military Government
New Zealand
New Zealander
New Zealand
Republic of Aotearoa
Aotearoan
the Republic of Aotearoa
Republic of Aotearoa
Aotearoan
the Republic of Aotearoa
Republic of Aotearoa
Aotearoan
the Republic of Aotearoa
GFX_NZL_intro
A Call for Peace?
It has been many months since the war with the Australians began, and they are no closer to winning. This is a war that will go nowhere, and thus a suggestion has been raised that we should seek a white peace. Our preference would be to restore democracy in [AST.GetNameDef], but if we must we will be satisfied with democracy and safety here at home.
It is time to call for a truce
No! We will continue this war until it is finished!
Peace with New Zealand?
A peace envoy has arrived from the [From.GetAdjective] government, offering an end to hostilities. If we leave them be, they will forego their attempts to topple our government, and this conflict can come to an end... a conflict which, it seems, has been going nowhere for months now. This does, however, mean relinquishing any efforts to reclaim New Zealand, at least for the time being.
Yes, let us end this now
No! We will continue this war until it is finished!
No Peace with [From.GetNameDef]
Our envoys have returned from [From.GetNameDef] with a definitive response: there will be no peace.
Ah well.
Help from the Entente?
Now that war with [AST.GetNameDef] has come, we must consider whether it's time to turn to the Entente for assistance. If we rejoin the Empire, it means once again becoming part of all their future wars across the ocean... but do we truly have any other choice?
We desperately need their help!
No, we will make it on our own.
New Zealand Calls for Help
Aided by the New Guard rebels, New Zealand has separated from [AST.GetNameDef] and called upon the crown for aid. Shall we accept them into the alliance and step up to their defence, even if it means waging war across the Pacific?
Yes, of course we'll help them!
No, we cannot afford to become embroiled in another war.
[From.GetNameDefCap] Refuses Aid
Much to our surprise, representatives from [From.GetNameDef] have informed us that [Root.GetNameDef] is on its own. They cannot, it appears, commit to a war across the Pacific, even for the sake of retaking Australia.
So much for that idea.
A Governor-General for New Zealand?
Now that we have rejoined the Empire, the New Zealand government is considering whether to request a governor-general be appointed - as befits a proper member of the British Empire.
Cyril Newall, 1st Baron Newall, is just the man for the job.
Bernard Freyberg is a military man, and needed for the post.
No, we've no need for such frippery.
A Return to Democracy?
With the end of the war, the question has been turned to Military Governor Freyberg as to whether the government should be returned to the control of the New Zealand people. Some members of the government say that the crisis is far from over, though most agree that the time has come for the military to step down. New Zealand is, after all, a democratic nation and it will not accept authoritarian rule for long.
Yes, schedule elections to be held immediately.
No, the military will remain in control.
The First Free Elections
Military Governor Bernard Freyberg has opted to allow free elections in New Zealand, the first the nation has seen in some time. The Labour Party appears most likely to obtain a majority, although the possibility remains that anti-syndicalist sentiment will yet see the Nationalist Party obtain power. Still, there is the lingering chance of the New Zealand Legion's campaign to stir up nationalistic support seeing success.
The Labour Party wins the election handily.
The National Party manages to secure a minority government.
The people turn to the Legion to protect them.
Fintan Patrick Walsh
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 13th, 1894, in Pātūtahi, Colony of New Zealand§!
Arthur Cook
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 30th, 1895, in Campbell Town, Colony of Tasmania§!
Elsie Violet Farrelly
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1912, in Hamilton, Dominion of New Zealand§!
John Alfred Alexander Lee
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 31st, 1891, in Dunedin, Colony of New Zealand§!
Michael Joseph Savage
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 23rd, 1872, in Tatong, Colony of New Zealand§!
Peter Fraser
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 28th, 1884, in Hill of Fearn, Ross-shire, Scotland§!
Eruera Tihema Te Aika Tirikatene
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 5th, 1895, in Kaiapoi, Colony of New Zealand§!
Albert Ernest Davy
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1886, in Wellington, Colony of New Zealand§!
Adam Hamilton
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 20th, 1880, in Forest Hill, Colony of New Zealand§!
Sidney George Holland
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 18th, 1893, in Greendale, Colony of New Zealand§!
Robert Campbell Begg
§YBorn:§! §LApril 11th, 1886, in Dunedin, Colony of New Zealand§!
Cyril Louis Norton Newall
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 15th, 1886, in Mussoorie, North-Western Provinces and Oudh, British India§!
Constance Alice Rawcliffe
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1898, in Haydock, Lancashire, England§!
Sidney Wilfred Scott
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 20th, 1900, in Ifield, Sussex, England§!
Arnold Henry Nordmeyer
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 7th, 1901, in Dunedin, Colony of New Zealand§!
David Gervan McMillan
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 26th, 1904, in New Plymouth, Colony of New Zealand§!
Frederick Nelson Jones
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 16th, 1884, in Dunedin, Colony of New Zealand§!
James Roberts
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 21st, 1878, in Lissangle, Co. Cork, Ireland§!
Tiaki Omana
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 18th, 1891, in Māhia, Colony of New Zealand§!
Ernest Richard Toop
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 3rd, 1895, in Clifton, Bristol, England§!
William Goodfellow
§YBorn:§! §LMay 26th, 1880, in Alexandra, Colony of New Zealand§!
William John Polson
§YBorn:§! §LJune 6th, 1875, in Wanganui, Colony of New Zealand§!
Joseph Gordon Coates
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 3rd, 1878, in Hukatere, Colony of New Zealand§!
Berkeley Lionel Scudamore Dallard
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 27th, 1889, in Christchurch, Colony of New Zealand§!
Keith Lindsay Stewart
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 30th, 1896, in Timaru, Colony of New Zealand§!
Lindsay Merritt Inglis
§YBorn:§! §LMay 16th, 1894, in Mosgiel, Otago, Colony of New Zealand§!
Will Lawson
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 2nd, 1876, in Durham, England§!
Arthur Nelson Field
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 27th, 1882, in Nelson, Colony of New Zealand§!
Nancy Grace Augusta Wake
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 30th, 1912, in Wellington, Dominion of New Zealand§!
Bernard Cyril Freyberg
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 21st, 1889, in Richmond, London, England§!
William George Stevens
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 11th, 1893, in London, England§!
John Evelyn Duigan
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 30th, 1883, in Whanganui, Colony of New Zealand§!
William George Gentry
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 20th, 1899, in Walthamstow, Essex, England§!
James Hargest
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 4th, 1891, in Gore, Colony of New Zealand§!
Edward Puttick
§YBorn:§! §LJune 26th, 1890, in Timaru, Colony of New Zealand§!
Andrew Hamilton Russell
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 23rd, 1868, in Napier, Colony of New Zealand§!
Harold Eric Barrowclough
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1894, in Masterton, Colony of New Zealand§!
James William Rivett Carnac
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1891, in Fornham St Martin, Suffolk, England§!
Peter Phipps
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 7th, 1908, in Sydney, New South Wales, Commonwealth of Australia§!
Guy Charles Cecil Royle
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 17th, 1885, in Esher, Surrey, England§!
George Haines Faulkner
§YBorn:§! §LApril 27th, 1893, in England§!
Howard Karl Kippenberger
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 28th, 1897, in Ladbrooks, Colony of New Zealand§!
Clive Lochiel Pleasants
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 26th, 1910, in Halcomb, Dominion of New Zealand§!
Atwell Peregrine Macleod Lake
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 13th, 1891, in Greenwich, London, England§!
Ralph Alexander Cochrane
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 24th, 1895, in Springfield, Fife, Scotland§!
Robert Victor Goddard
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 6th, 1897, in Wembley, London, England§!
Stanley Flamank Vincent
§YBorn:§! §LApril 7th, 1897, in Hampstead, London, England§!
Ronald Stuart Park
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 18th, 1895, in Dunedin, Colony of New Zealand§!
Henry Edward Horan
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1890, in Newcastle West, Co. Limerick, Ireland§!
Leonard Monk Isitt
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 27th, 1891, in Christchurch, Colony of New Zealand§!
The Black Prince
