Cuba
Cuban
Cuba
Socialista
Movimiento Socialistas - Comunista\n§LThe Cuban Socialist movement is not a political party, but rather a collection of allied reform movements affirming a common socialist platform. While for a time following the Student Revolution socialists operated openly and even won seats in the Cuban congress, the events of 1935 forced the movement underground entirely.\n\nWhile the French and British revolutions led socialist groups the world over to embrace a state syndicalist outlook, including many in Cuba, the rejection of syndicalism by the Julio Mella McPartland at the high watermark of his popularity and influence among Cuban socialists led to the continued prominence of orthodox Marxism among the Cuban left. The faction of the united Socialist Movement which outright rejects syndicalism is thus often referred to as the 'communist' wing of the movement.§!\n
Socialista
Movimiento Socialistas - Trabajadores\n§LThe Cuban Socialist movement is not a political party, but rather a collection of allied reform movements affirming a common socialist platform. While for a time following the Student Revolution socialists operated openly and even won seats in the Cuban congress, the events of 1935 forced the movement underground entirely.\n\nThe faction of the movement connected with Antonio Guiteras Holmes and the 'young Cuba' organisation has embraced the term 'laborist' to draw a connection with French Syndicalism.§!\n
Socialista
Movimiento Socialistas - Revolucionario\n§LThe Cuban Socialist movement is not a political party, but rather a collection of allied reform movements affirming a common socialist platform. While for a time following the Student Revolution socialists operated openly and even won seats in the Cuban congress, the events of 1935 forced the movement underground entirely.\n\nWhile the Socialist Movement affirms the need for social and political revolution, the faction around Colonel Juan Blas Hernández is known as the 'revolutionary' faction in light of Colonel Hernández's popular image as a revolutionary.§!\n
Unionista
Partido Unionista\n§LThe Unionist Party was founded in the aftermath of the Student Revolution by former student leaders and their ideological fellow travellers within the Cuban political class. Initially called the 'Cuban People's Party', the party's origins lie in the push for autonomy for the University of Havana in the presidential election of 1924 which dovetailed into a rising tide of political activism among University of Havana students against the regime of Gerardo Machado.\n\nIn the spirit of that ideologically diverse student movement, the party bills itself as a 'big tent' organisation representing the interests of the 'forgotten' Cuban. It was renamed 'Unionist' in 1934 to contrast with the alleged factionalism of its electoral opponents.§!\n
Nuevo Liberal
Partido Nuevo Liberal\n§LThe New Liberal Party is one of the three major Cuban political parties formed out of the ashes of the Liberal Party. The predecessor organisations of the New Liberal Party emerged from middle and upper class urban opposition to the Machado regime. These groups claimed a number of Liberal Party politicians and administrators among their ranks, particularly those from the party's left wing, even as the Machado regime lurched more fully towards authoritarianism.\n\nSome, though by no means all, of the New Liberal Party's leaders participated in the government of Alfredo Zayas, and despite the less than stellar reputation of the Zayas Presidency in the popular memory, the party has often embraced a connection with the Zayas wing of the original Liberal party.§!\n
Republicano
Partido Republicano\n§LThe Republican Party is one of the three major Cuban political parties formed out of the ashes of the Liberal Party. The origins of the Republican Party lie in the political faction which remained committed to the legacy of Cuba's second President, José Miguel Gómez y Arias, even after President Gómez was long out of office.\n\nMost of the party's founding members were counted among the moderate faction of the Liberal Party during the Machado years, and they often lent support to university student protestors, though not all supported autonomy for the University of Havana and few participated in clandestine anti-Machado political organisations. While Gomez himself came into conflict with the United States, Miguelistas largely reconciled with continued pervasive American economic influence, so much so that the Republican party itself was named after the American GOP to curry favour with the Americans.§!\n
Democrática
Asociación Nacional Democrática\n§LThe National Democratic Association is the latest incarnation of the National Conservative Party. While the predecessors of the NDA were once dominant, they were strongly affiliated with the rural bourgeoisie and planter class. As the former faded away, the latter's loyalties wavered, and the cities grew in importance relative to the planting areas, the character of the country's party system and electoral politics shifted.\n\nWhile by 1936 the National Democratic Association is but a junior partner in coalition with some of the successors of the old Liberal Party, it still possesses substantial influence in the oft-neglected countryside.§!\n
Progresista
Partido Progesista\n§LThe Progressive Party is one of the three major Cuban political parties formed out of the ashes of the Liberal Party. The party was founded a few years after the Student Revolution by former Machado allies, and it counts many, if not most, of the nation's prominent remaining Machadistas among its ranks.§!\n
Junta
Junta\n§LSpanish for 'council', the Cuban Junta is not a formal political party, but rather a collection of influential military figures and their political faction who seek to exercise power without restraint.§!\n
Legión
Legión Revolucionaria Nacional\n§LThe National Revolutionary Legion is the most prominent of the violent paramilitary 'Greenshirt' organisations affiliated with the Authentic movement.\n\nWhile the Legion's leading members possess a myriad of different political backgrounds, including more than a few who were once allies of Geraldo Machado, the Legion itself grew out of militant anti-Machado groups. The political re-alignment which followed the fall of Machado saw many such groups stand down or consolidate - the dictator against whom they were formed to oppose had fled - but the emerging military hybrid regime proved as enticing and potent an enemy as Machado himself. Eventually, the Legion, among other groups, was fully absorbed into the Authentic movement and its members largely went into underground opposition along with Auténtico leadership.§!\n
Comunistas
Comunistas
Trabajadores
Trabajadores
Revolucionarios
Revolucionarios
Totalistas
Partido Totalistas
Auténtico
Partido Revolucionario Cubano - Auténtico
Progresista
Partido Progesista
Liberación Nacional
Partido de Liberación Nacional
Cuba Focus Tree
Democratic Political Focus Tree
Authoritarian Political Focus Tree
American Lapdog Political Focus Tree
Leftist Political Focus Tree
Revolutionary Democracy Political Focus Tree
Auténtico Political Focus Tree
Mella Political Focus Tree
General Election
The 28th of January marks the birthday of the Cuban national hero, José Martí, and since the revolution of 1928, the date of Cuba's presidential election. The election of 1935 was postponed a year following widespread unrest and voter intimidation. With a year's delay, on election day 1936, both the office of the presidency and the majority of Cuba's congressional are in contention.
Havana Strike
With renewed economic turmoil brought on by Germany's Black Monday and the ensuing global economic contraction, a general strike and mass demonstrations erupted in Havana. If the unrest in the Capital is not dealt with, many in the government fear that the disorder there could quickly devolve into complete chaos.
Chaos
The unrest in Havana has reach a tipping point. Order in the city has completely collapsed and is quickly spreading to the rest of the country. With the civilian government now unable to exercise its authority, only the Army is now capable of restoring order to the city and the nation.
Strike Dispersed
In what many now see as the last gasp of the increasingly marginalised socialist and nationalist movements, the Havana General Strike was quickly broken up and the integrity of the civilian government remained firmly intact.
Order Restored
The unrest that swept Cuba following the General Strike in Havana has at last come to an end. As the dust has settled, it has become increasingly apparent to international observers that the Cuban Military now entirely controls the nation's government.
Military Steps In
The Junta that has served as the de facto government of Cuba since the General Strike came to an end has now cemented its authority. At last, the military can abandon all pretence and formally take control of Cuba.
Strike Expands
The chaos in Havana swept across Cuba, rendering both the civilian government and the Military unable to maintain order. With the success of the Strike, the stalemate between the warring nationalists and socialists has come to an end. While it was the socialists who largely organised the Strike, the more organised nationalists are certain to attempt to take advantage of the situation.
Socialist Revolution
With the success of the General Strike and the threat of a nationalist take-over at an end, the revolution has come to Cuba. While the socialist movement remains wholly disunified, and the spectre of American intervention looms ever nearer, the time has at last come for the people to hoist the blood-red banner.
Coalition and Conflict
Seemingly mere moments after the revolution's success, the ideological divisions between the various socialist factions became an insurmountable obstacle to the formation of a new government. While some call for a pan-socialist conference to diplomatically solve the issue, many are unwilling. For the newly socialist Cuba, there can now be only a coalition or open internal conflict.
Agrarianism
While many bemoan Cuba's lack of industry, this need not be a hindrance to the success of socialism. As well, many prominent Cuban socialists have been influenced by the agrarian policies implemented by Mexico following the conclusion of that nation's civil war for inspiration
Industrialisation
The revolutions in Britain and France sprang forth from beneath the shadows cast by those palaces of industry. To truly create a revolutionary nation, Cuba must be industrialised.
Seize Assets
Many of our nation's elites have so far successfully resisted our attempts to take control of their ill-gotten lands and assets. With our rule now firmly established, we now have the ability to seize these holdings and return them to their rightful owners - the people.
Land Reform
With the last redoubts of bourgeois control now eliminated, we can begin to reorganise and redistribute land.
Collective Development
At its core, socialism is progress, and our nation shall indeed now progress more than ever before. As one, our nation must work to address pressing problems and as one, benefit.
Economic Integration
The old bourgeois regime was burdened by corruption and foreign influence. As a result, many key industries were organised inefficiently. We must reorganise these industries and integrate them into the national economy at large.
Red Nation
Our nation has emerged from chaos a shining beacon of socialism. A bulwark of progress against reactionary tyranny. A better nation and a better world are in birth.
Protect Revolution
The foul stain of reaction still infects our nation and we should not allow it to fester and grow. From the ranks of those who have proven their loyalty to the revolution, we should create a force capable of safeguarding our nation from reactionaries.
Crush Reactionaries
Reactionary elements lie in wait both within our nation and without. Our newly established counter-reactionary force must be immediately put to use to weaken the hold of these insidious traitors. Those who consult with enemies of the revolution must themselves be seen as such and removed from whatever positions of power and influence they hold.
March on Havana
With the nation torn apart by Turmoil, the fanatic paramilitaries of the Partido Auténtico have become increasingly bold. Perhaps it is time that they fully assert themselves and march as one down the streets of Havana, scattering the corrupt regime and demonic Socialists alike.
The Siege
With Cuba under nationalist control, many Socialists sought asylum in unofficial diplomatic mission of the Commune of France. While the building has remained surrounded by paramilitary units since the revolution, the Communards have thus far proven unwilling to release those rabble-rousers under their protection. We must either disengage or take control of the building.
Restitution
The insidious influence of the United States continues to be a thorn in the side of our people's prosperity. Their plantations, a constant reminder of this unfortunate state of affairs, cannot be allowed to remain. They must serve Cuba.
Cuba For the Cubans
Cuba must never again be the plaything of any foreign nation. Let us remove those vestiges of foreign influence from our government and build a Cuba for Cubans alone. ¡Cuba Para Los Cubanos!
Support The Greenshirts
Founded by liberal opponents of General Diaz, the 'Greenshirt' paramilitary merged into the armed wing of our party, and several armed groups within our movement now wear green.\n\nThe Greenshirts are radical and unruly, but also indispensable. Through their thorough integration into the army command structure, we can expand the organisation without losing control.
Mass Action
So often, politics and conflict alike are but a game of numbers. To ensure that we always have the numbers on our side, the paramilitaries must be rapidly expanded and their virtue extolled. Then, the people of Cuba can be moulded to better serve the nation.
Auténtic Education
Insidious ideas are certain to corrupt the people if left unchecked, namely socialism and americanism. With the establishment of nationalist youth organisations and complete reform of the education system, we can begin to slowly decrease popular susceptibility to such notions and strengthen devotion.
Collaborativism
While inequality is inevitable, social classes need not be at odds. Legislation must be enacted that prohibits violations of the rights of workers and encourage social harmony.
Infrastructural Equity
Without proper infrastructure, rural towns and villages are left devoid of most economic opportunity and are less connected towards their fellow Cubans and their national identity. Let us invest in rural infrastructure.
Emergency Powers
The demands of the Havanan protestors are unrealistic, and to assure their continued compliance with the God-given laws of this land, the executive must be endowed with a greater degree of authority.
Appoint Díaz
General Díaz has long sought political authority, and to deal with the crisis at hand, he could be instrumental in restoring order. Empowered by the National Protection Act, the President has the ability to replace the President of the Senate, the head of the legislature, and appoint Díaz to the position. Per his request, several vacant bureaucratic positions will be filled with men Díaz thinks able.
Suspend Constitution
The Constitution has become an obstacle to order and stability. It should be indefinitely suspended, only to be restored when the country can handle such.
Subjugate Unions
While many feel that labour unions ought to be curtailed in wake of their role in the turmoil in Havana, unions could as easily be controlled as stamped-out. By ensuring the absolute loyalty of those who lead our nation's unions and replacing unruly individuals, the workers of Cuba will learn to love our regime.
Economic Restructuring
The old regime was unable to assure the people their bread. We should not be so foolish. If our nation is to have even a modicum of stability, we must enact sensible economic policies and eliminate ineffective institutions.
Urbanisation Effort
Cities are engines of prosperity. If more Cubans lived and worked in an urban environment, the country will be stronger and revolt will be far less likely. Thus, we should subsidise urban housing and development.
Incentivise Foreign Investment
While foreign companies exploited our nation in the past, foreign investment in the process of urbanisation could certainly expedite our nation's transition away from rural destitution. By working closely with foreign firms and monitoring their activity we can develop a mutually beneficial relationship.
Crackdown on Corruption
Corruption has long been allowed to fester in Cuba, and our close relationship with foreign entities has so far only exacerbated the problem. If our nation is to ever truly prosper, those who would not show their country the loyalty and honesty it deserves must be systemically rooted out.
Industrial Nation
Our efforts to transform Cuba from an agricultural backwater to a bastion of industry and modernity in the Caribbean have already begun to bear fruit. While the end of this monumental effort is nowhere in sight, our economic transition is inevitable.
Chicago Boys
Organised crime has grown rapidly in the United States both due to political turmoil and the passage of alcohol prohibition laws in many states. Wishing to diversify their income, many criminal organisations have approached our government offering lucrative deals in exchange for safe harbour. We should take them up on their offer.
Foreign Vices
Advances in civilian aviation and the rise of purpose-built luxury cruise liners precipitated an explosion in leisure travel. Our proximity to the United States and pristine environment makes Cuba a prime destination for tourists. Many of these travellers bring their vices with them or seek out taboos unavailable to them at home. We should capitalise on this.
International Capital
Cuba is quickly becoming a haven for those whose nations would see them or their passions done away with. Many foreign corporations and institutions could also benefit from a presence in our nation. We should work to bring them here.
Appease Strikers
Due to the promises made by the President to the more moderate leaders of the Havana General Strike, the unrest in Havana was successfully contained by loyal elements of the military. Now we should make good on those promises.
Presidential Guard
While we intend to honour our promises to strike leaders, such disorder cannot be permitted going forward. To ensure that our government is never again threatened, we should establish a body dedicated to its safeguarding.
Adjust Tariffs
As per the revised treaty of Cuban-American relations signed in the aftermath of the revolution, duties and tariffs are subject to the approval of the United States. This has caused massive irregularities which hinder our development. While this obligation must be eliminated no matter what, we should still first ask for approval.
Labour Relief
The Depression has left many without work and struggling to meet their most basic daily needs. While it may be expensive, the work programmes implemented at the start of the Depression must be expanded until the crisis is truly over.
Call New Elections
With the crisis at an end and the democratic process now free of the influence of the military, many now demand that a new election for both the Presidency and both houses of the Congress be called. By heeding these calls, we can at last truly become the democratic republic Martí dreamt of.
Republicano Victory
The Republicanos, the successor of the Pro-Business wing of the old Liberal Party have secured victory in the recent special election.
Deregulate Financial Sector
Under the Unionistas, the scope of government regulation greatly expanded. A government of a truly free people need not regulate the most inconsequential of minutia. Indeed, such regulations are stifling both politically and economically.
Entice Multinationals
The nature of international business has rapidly changed since our nation's founding, but many laws and regulations remain firmly in the past, discouraging investment from foreign corporations. We must not only change these laws but encourage multinationals to invest in Cuba.
Reduce Corporate Taxation
Taxes levied on corporations and their activities only inhibit the ability of our nation to prosper. These taxes must be severely reduced.
Reduce Subsidies
To secure the revolution of 1928, the then new government made a glut of backroom deals to secure the loyalty of influential figures and organisations. These must be completely eliminated along with other ineffective subsidy programmes.
Free Society
So far, our reforms have stimulated the economy and returned our nation to a pattern of growth for the first time in over a decade. Such initiatives must continue. If Cuba is to ever truly be free, they must be allowed the liberty to conduct themselves as only they see fit.
Commercial Nation
A nation that does not competitively trade with the world abroad will inevitable face economic ruin. Our nation has recognised the value of commerce and financial activity and the people are slowly developing an inherent aptitude for it.
Nuevo Liberal Victory
The New Liberal party, largely made up of supporters of former President Zayas, have won in the recent special election.
Modernise Plantations
Plantations are the lifeblood of our economy and by extension the entire nation. Many goods which could benefit our people, however, instead are concentrated on plantation estates. We should work with plantation owners to promote efficiency and reduce waste, freeing up resources.
Promote Immigration
Immigrants from the rest of Latin America have played pivotal roles in our nation's history, and this migration has only increased in recent years. As our plantation economy grows, we will need more workers, and Latin immigrants can easily fulfil that role and integrate into our society and should be encouraged.
Foreign Agricultural Expertise
The drive to modernise plantations has been successful but costly and often is painfully slow. To alleviate some of the burden on our own skilled workers, we should contract foreign businessman familiar with plantation agriculture to advise us.
Agricultural Universities
Without the expertise of domestic intellectuals, the plantation modernisation effort would have been a failure. The demand for such highly skilled workers is certain to only increase. To meet the growing demand, we should sponsor the foundation of institutes specialised in agricultural science.
Agricultural Support Industries
Industry and agriculture both cannot effectively operate without the products of the other. Niche industries which produce certain agricultural equipment are nonexistent in our country. We should encourage their establishment.
Export Nation
As new markets open to our nation's goods our nation will reap reward. An economy driven by competitive exports has always been central to Cuba and should remain so.
Unionista Victory
The Unionistas have won the special election. At last the party of the now retired Trejo preside over a government free from the black stain of military influence.
Public Works Initiative
Both former President Trejo's work programmes and its later revision were effectual in tackling unemployment but are not suited for times of growth. A more permanent programme should be implemented to put the unemployed to work on infrastructure.
Private-Public Ventures
While private enterprise is second-to-none in generating profit, and that certainly is beneficial, its profit motive is often at odds with what is best for the nation as a whole. Where necessary, the government must work together with private business to establish independent entities which are liable to both and benefit all.
Targeted Subsidies
To save the young revolution, the government of Rafael Trejo had to make concessions, often in the form of subsidies, to various organisations. These should be thrown out and the money instead put towards legitimate investment in essential industries.
Intermediate Industry
Just as sugar is made from sugar cane before its incorporation into other products, there is a great demand for industrial products to be used in other products, we should exploit this niche and invest in the production of semi-finished goods.
Industrial Exports
While industry is certainly beneficial for our own nation in of itself, the export of industrial goods can also generate income and prosperity and encourage further industrial growth. Let us do whatever necessary to support the export of industrial products.
New Cuba
The worst is over and the political atmosphere is now a great deal more stable. From these recent struggles, a new Cuba has emerged, more able than ever to overcome hardship and imbued with direction and purpose.
New Economic Expansion
With the political situation resolved, economic shortfalls can at last be assessed and remedied. A substantial investment in modernisation and construction should be made to kickstart this process.
Resource Boom
Much of our nation's natural resources remain untapped. We must use all that this wonderful land has to offer us.
Search for Oil
American business interests discovered several exploitable oil deposits in the north of our nation several years ago. As of yet, however, our nation produces no petroleum of any sort. Let us formally assess the potential of our oil fields and begin to produce from them what we can.
Chromium Wealth
Cuba has an abundance of Chromium throughout, yet despite our status as one of the largest producers of Chromium, much of our deposits remain unexploited. With state funding, our mines will surely abound with an even greater wealth of this useful resource.
Focused Steel Production
Steel is the backbone of so many of modern society's technological marvels. Our meagre steel industry, however, is hampered by unpredictable supplies of high-quality iron. By exploiting local iron deposits and investing in the industry, some of its woes may be lessened and steel production increased.
Dreams of Rubber
A few experiments in rubber cultivation have taken place in our nation. Despite the favourability of the Cuban climate to rubber production, due to a lack of funding, these previous attempts failed. Interest in rubber cultivation has again entered into the political conversation. Should rubber be imported for cultivation?
Protect Miners
With a mining boom spurred by recent investment in resource exploitation, the plight of those who must actually work in the mines has received a great deal of attention. We should draft legislation protecting the rights of miners.
Further Economic Reform
[CUB_econreformfocloc]
Bolster Merchant Fleet
As an island nation, all exports and imports must be fulfilled by sea. If our nation is to have sustained economic growth, our merchant marine must be expanded
Expand Ports
Outdated and painfully undersized ports have long been an economic bottleneck for our nation. Let us begin the process of renovating and expanding them.
Improve Living Conditions
Despite their crucial economic role, dockworkers of all stripes have been neglected by previous administrations. The men whose toil is the lifeblood of our nation should be allowed the dignity due to them.
Intellectual Development
Education is key to national prosperity, and despite the recent prestige of the University of Havana, Cuba remains woefully lacking in places of higher learning. A substantial governmental effort must be made to correct this by building new universities and incentivising foreign intellectuals to immigrate.
Gem of The Caribbean
Cuba is a nation of natural abundance and with the success of our recent reforms, it has once again become a shining gem in the Caribbean.
Foreign Relations
Now that the terrible strife that defined our nation for so dreadfully long is at an end, we can begin to assert ourselves diplomatically.
The Federation
The West Indies Federation Arose from the rapidly collapsing British Empire to consolidate Anglo-French holdings in the region. As our most powerful neighbour, they cannot be ignored, we should extend our political and economic influence there.
Regional Diplomacy
The nations of the Caribbean share a history of colonial subjugation and foreign domination. We should work to foster closer ties throughout the region.
Relations with America
Our mighty neighbour to the north has long been both our greatest friend and enemy alike. As the political reality of both our nations evolves, so too must that relationship.
European Opportunities
Europe is the economic and political heart of the world; we would be foolish to not promote our national economic and diplomatic interest there.
New Trade Partners
The nations of South America are sure to become increasingly important trade partners. Let us get ahead of the curve and establish closer ties with nations there.
Old Friends
America has long been our greatest friend, and that relationship has now only been reinforced. Let us formalise our commitment to them and they to us!
New Allies
We can longer associate with America, and to avoid both their wrath and otherwise protect our nation's sovereignty, we must find new allies.
Joint Research
We should link our military research apparatus to that of our allies.
Military Integration
We should push for the military command structure of our alliance to be shared by all its members; the tactics of one ally need not only be coordinated with another, but integrally linked.
Begin Military Reform
Our armed forces are in a dreadful state, and while there may once have been a time when our nation could rely on the United States for its defence, the world has become increasingly turbulent, and we must take steps to bolster our military.
Assess Army
For years, factionalism plagued the army and rendered it wholly ineffective. With such issues now at an end, the army should be comprehensively assessed and restructured to ensure loyalty.
Defensive Drills
Men are the beating heart of any army, but even well-armed men without discipline and proper planning become little more than a rabble - wholly unsuitable for defending our homeland.
New Squad Tactics
Plans, no matter how well drawn, aren't executed in the drawing room. Each NCO, should be given proper training to ensure they are equipped with a knowledge of modern tactics and their place in the greater strategic picture of the offensive.
Without My Rifle, I Am Useless
No matter how well-drilled and trained, a soldier's capabilities ultimately rest on their equipment. We must make sure all our industry is able to supply them properly - a poor rifle is better than no rifle at all, and quantity has a quality all of its own.
Weltkrieg Analysis
The tactical and strategic innovation that occurred during the Weltkrieg has irreversibly redefined how wars are fought. Our army, however, has yet to adapt these breakthroughs. We should commission a review of the war and adapt.
Compensate with Quality
Our small island cannot hope to compete with the sheer industrial capacity of the great powers of the world. Instead, we should strive to make sure that what we can produce is of the highest feasible quality.
Foreign Advisors
Our allies abroad can provide valuable insights into the theory and prosecution of warfare. We should request advisors from them.
Caribbean Lake
While our valiant army must be prepared to defend our nation to the bitter end, it is of course, preferable that they never reach our shores to begin with. The Caribbean must be at the forefront of our military policy.
Blackbeard
The days when the Caribbean Sea was a hotbed of piracy are long past. Keeping with this storied tradition, however, our fleets can be specialised to the destruction of enemy trade.
Buccaneers
U-Boats are a devastating tool of modern warfare capable of wreaking havoc on enemy vessels without ever even being seen. To truly rekindle the spirit of the buccaneers, we must develop our own U-Boat fleet.
Integrate the Coast Guard
The Marina Nacional, our nation's coast guard, has grown into an effective fighting force, but its administration remains entirely separate from that of the navy. By somewhat merging their general staffs, they can both operate more effectively.
Protect Trade
As an island nation, we will always rely on imports and exports to at least some degree. Assuring that our merchant fleets can sail the seas unmolested should therefore be our navy's mission.
Power Projection
Our navy must be able to fight beyond the safety of our shores and the Caribbean Sea. With our doctrine established, let us overhaul our naval production and develop the capability to project naval power abroad.
Protect Our Shores
The pristine and low-lying coastline of our nation render us susceptible to invasion. We should construct defensive fortifications all along the coast.
Air Corps Expansion
Military aviation played an important role in the Weltkrieg and if our fledgling Air Corps is to be effective, it must have the numbers to effectively contest our enemies. How to conduct this expansion, however, is a matter of debate.
Combined Arms
Wars are ultimately won on the ground. Our Air Corps, therefore, should be closely integrated into the command structure of the army and tailored to the support of ground forces.
Independent Air Corps
The Air Corps should be an independent military branch fully capable of making its own tactical and strategic decisions. Doing so will ensure its flexibility and increase its effectiveness.
Expand Air Academy
Our nation is home to many prominent civilian aviators. We should consult with them on the planned expansion of the central air academy. With their input, new pilots will be trained more effective.
Long-Range Fighters
Larger aircraft, such as bombers, naturally possess a greater range than the fighters that protect them. We must have purpose-built long-range fighters to ensure that our other aircraft are never without support.
Flying Tanks
New CAS designs are larger and heavier than their older counterparts and are often aptly described as flying tanks. We would be foolish not to invest in the development of such aircraft.
Air Infrastructure
To support our growing Air Corps, we must build new infrastructure for its upkeep and the production of necessary war materials.
Expand Marine Corp
Emulating the United States, our nation established its amphibious forces as an independent military branch. As an island nation and with global conflict an ever-increasing threat, we must bolster our Marine Corp.
New Landing Craft
New vehicles designed specifically to allow amphibious units to quickly and effectively disembark even under fire have recently been developed. With modern landing craft of our, our Marines will surely be more effective.
Naval Aviation
Ships are as vulnerable to aircraft as a pillbox or Panzer. We should develop new naval aircraft designs and rule the seas from the skies.
Low-Level Bombing
Though dangerous and requiring a great deal of skill on the part of pilots, by flying at low altitudes in certain engagements and employing clever new bombing techniques such as skip bombing, our naval aircraft can fight much more effectively. We should instruct new naval pilots on the ins and outs of low-level bombing.
Resurgent Democracy
While nearly destroyed, democracy has emerged stronger than ever. With the economic situation also improving rapidly, the fundamental pillars of representative government can be reinforced.
March On The Institutions
Extremists abound in even the highest governmental offices, slowly but surely undermining our nation's liberty. We must assess the threat they pose and dismiss problematic individuals as necessary.
Economic Rapprochement
Many prominent businesses foreign and domestic threw their lot in with those who sought to destroy our democracy. New comprehensive regulations must be established to minimise subversive behaviour of this sort in the future without stifling future investment. This will undoubtedly be a long process and we should begin as soon as possible.
Permanent Audit
Military influence is sure to return and again threaten democracy, that is inevitable. By establishing a permanent civilian committee to assess the political influence of the military in the same way a bureaucrat may conduct an audit, perhaps even in such a situation liberty can yet survive such a future situation.
Freedom Of The Press
Even immediately following the Student Revolution, the press has never truly been uncensored. With the political situation now sufficiently stable, we should at last allow the press to operate without restriction.
Clean Slate
Democratic government is defined by at least nominal deferment to the constituency. That constituency is still divided by the troubles of the past, and thus many are fearful of both societal and punitive repercussions for their past actions. Let us begin to reconcile with political dissidents of all shades, wiping their slate clean and reintegrating them into general society.
Popular Empowerment
To redress grievances the average Cuban has few avenues and social norms discourage non-conformity. This has the result of both limiting our national and political potential and pushes disgruntled citizens towards radical political movements. We must work to effect a social transformation, encourage the people to find their voice and listen to them.
Never Again
Let not the ghosts of the past continue to haunt our people. While we have made great strides towards proper reconciliation, many still face economic hardship due to prior injustice. We should establish a commission to identify localities which remain guarded towards our government and work to win back their loyalty and trust.
Constitutional Convention
The constitution of 1928 was borne from bitter compromise and is ultimately more conducive to tyranny than true democracy. Let us call upon the nation's entire political apparatus, working together to create a document suited to liberty.
Enshrine Gradual Reform
The wounds of old are healing and the people are at last afforded the potential for legitimate participation in the political system. However, while radicalism is declining, its insidious promises of sweeping change remain in the hearts of the populace. We must promote in a rather propagandistic fashion the virtue of gradual reform and maintaining the stability of our democracy.
Legacy Of Martí
The nation that Martí dreamed of is finally coming into being. May he smile upon us from Heaven itself.
Díaz's Cuba
General Díaz, after years of political struggle against the very same civilian government he helped to establish, has now not only secured power, but cemented his rule and the power of the military. Cuba is firmly in his grasp alone.
Replace The Constitution
The constitution has been suspended for such an extended period that most have now lost their foolish fondness for the document. The time to replace it is finally at hand.
Limit Foreign Political Influence
Our friends abroad, while useful, must not be allowed to continue to tighten their hold over our nation's political system. We should sideline their lackeys while remaining otherwise amiable to foreign interests.
A New Union
While many of the nation's labour groups were forcibly dismissed for their socialist leanings, those that have remained loyal and open to bribery have proven indispensable in maintaining political control. We should create a national labour organisation regulating such entities and ensuring their continued cooperation.
Pragmatic Permitting
As commerce is the lifeblood of nations, well-ordered commerce is the lifeblood of well-ordered nations. We must be open to economic interests foreign and domestic without fail, but to do such open business, all must also work on behalf of the nation and the regime when called upon or should not be allowed to do business at all.
Changing Of The Guard
The military has been directly responsible for the suppression of subversive elements. This waste of resources must be ended. A national police force, loyal not just to one municipality, but the central government alone, should be established.
Hail Columbia
However our neighbour to the North is governed or its policy towards our nation, our regime's survival hinges upon developments there. We must establish a new bureaucratic office dedicated specifically towards understanding America and shaping the narrative there about our fair country to suit our national interest. In case of war, the office can also be tasked with combating America specifically.
A Careful Balance
A regime such as our shall always be vulnerable by its very nation. The position of various interest groups and their relationship with each other and within the government must constantly be assessed and manipulated accordingly. We must focus on manipulating the very nature of such relationships in our favour.
No Greater Flattery
The German Emperor, despite obvious failings, is admired by his people and secure in his power. To cultivate a similar image must be the goal of any leader. While it may seem a waste, let us spend lavishly on pomp and ceremony; let the Cuban people look upon their leader as the Germans do theirs.
Ingratiate Afro-Cubans
The military has been an outlet for Afro-Cuban social and economic mobility even as racism has continued to permeate Cuban society. As such, our regime finds disproportionate support among the Black population. We must further ingratiate Afro-Cubans to our regime and focus on bettering their lot without totally disrupting the established racial hierarchy in our nation.
Tighten Restrictions
While the army is currently fully under control, the potential for insurrection from within its ranks will always remain. The new and relatively untainted national military police force must be expanded and integrated into its ranks to deal with this.
The Whole World In His Hands
With foreign interests restrained to our satisfaction, we can now use our ties to these same groups to promote Cuban influence abroad.
Total Control
Society must be tightly ordered at every level, and while there will always be dissent both from our regime and from social norms, we have come far to eliminate such behaviour. Let us look to an even brighter future.
The North Star
Like the North Star, whether we like it or not, America guides us both directly and by example. With this in mind, we must now choose our path.
Preserve The Regime
While President Vázquez may be lost to us, the nation that he built shall not be. Let us stand arm in arm with America for our mutual benefit.
Placate Sugar Planters
Our regime's pursuit of economic development has left many sugar planters, both American and otherwise, incensed. The Americans have begun to lobby for their cause increasingly, and with that, it has become necessary to work towards a mutually acceptable agreement.
Silence Internal Opposition
Our government is infested with traitors who speak of misguided reform. They must be removed from power and our regime cleansed.
Anti-Syndicalist Bulwark
Socialism in general and Syndicalism in particular are a dangerous blight, rotting one country and the next at their very core. We must not allow such ideas to ever regain their foothold in Cuba. Through both ideologically charged education and societal repression, we shall do just that.
Cutthroat Politicking
The intrigue that defines the internal politics of our government would be seen as detrimental by some. The skill set that such behaviour creates in our administrators however is undoubtedly beneficial. Cutthroat politicking must be controlled, wielded even, not stamped out.
American Propaganda
The propaganda machine of the Americans is second to none. We must begin to make use of it to stoke our own people's nationalistic fervour.
Cement Bureaucratic Control
With bureaucrats at every administrative level fully controlled, there internal instability would be greatly reduced. Let us do all we can to accomplish such.
Go Forth
Our relationship with America has been nothing but beneficial; let us bring our nation even further into the American economic sphere.
Democratisation
While our regime must remain fundamentally the same, we must also begin to re-open the political sphere and re-introduce democracy; whether Vázquez or Machado, or anyone else, Cuba cannot remain under the thumb of a tyrant.
Breathing Room
The United States has sent inquiry after inquiry as to the intent of our new government. Clearly, they are uneasy. We must convince them of our continued friendship and amiability to American interests.
Appease American Businesses
With the gradual transition to democracy begun, American companies which have flourished under the status-quo have become 'antsy' to say the least. We must meet with prominent American businessmen and assuage their fears while emphasising the necessity of reform.
Token Prosecution
While we do not wish to truly anger supporters of our political rivals, popular demand has increasingly shifted to calls for the prosecution of those most directly involved in the greatest injustices carried out under Vázquez's government. We must give an inch to avoid giving a mile.
Reconcile Moderates
While perhaps the most defining feature of the Vázquez regime was factionalism, united only by President Vázquez's own strength of will, not all hearts have turned to ash. From across the political spectrum, there are those who seek compromise and reconciliation. Let us embrace them with open arms.
Spring Cleaning
The bureaucracy must be free from nepotism at every level. While many have tried and failed throughout history to institute an all-encompassing meritocracy throughout the administration, with our governing principles in mind, our own attempt will certainly see greater success.
Push A New Document
The suspension of our nation's constitution leaves our efforts at reform vulnerable to future repeal. With reinstating that weak document obviously off-the-table, we should draw up a new founding document.
Revive The Dream
The dream of democracy, that which seemed lost with the Socialist takeover and ensuing regime change, is again now a reality. As we look to the future, let us truly rekindle the flame of liberty in the minds of the people.
In Example Only
Our present regime was born from American ambition. While for our nation's liberation from Socialism we are ever grateful, as the situation evolves to our north, so too must our nation. While we have already begun to move out from the American shadow, let us now stand fully on our own.
Fiscal Independence
Foreign banks dominate our nation, and while that isn't an entirely negative state of affairs, foreign financial institutions must be made to partner with domestic companies or through partially domestically owned subsidiaries, before being permitted to fully operate under our nation's favourable legal code. Thus, we will slowly reduce the foreign stranglehold while also not losing their business.
Walking The Tightrope
Under the thumb of a foreign power, our nation faced constant regime change and flirted frequently with tyranny. To ensure the stability of our new democracy. Neutral however, will surely prove just as unviable; we cannot sit idle while foreign threats grow out of control. It is paramount that we work to carefully walk the tightrope, allowing some foreign influence while working to limit it when dangerous. As well, we should begin to restock our exhausted reserves of gold.
Vanishing Act
Like a magician, we must use smoke and mirrors to confuse our domestic opponents. While we should offer the promise of democracy to even those who oppose our regime, through subtle propaganda and institutional consolidation, the opposition can be relegated fully into history.
Complete Media Independence
Fundamentally, the press must be free from government restriction. Not only should we make such a statement reality, but attempt to enshrine freedom of the press so deeply into our governmental fabric that only a radical upheaval could unseat it.
Unassailable Institutions
Institutional subversion is a threat to any nation, especially a liberal democracy. We must establish a permanent commission to monitor the bureaucracy.
Parliamentary Democracy
The expansive power of the Presidency, while useful in pushing reform, will always be a threat to democracy. We must completely upend the structure of our government, adopting a new constitution reorganising our political system for a strong head of the legislature, assuming most of the role of executive even, and weak Presidency.
Real Independence
Martí once dreamt not only of a democratic nation, but one totally free from foreign control - a nation free to forge its own path. May he rest in peace, smiling down upon the Cuba that is emerging.
The Spectre
As Marx and Engels once proclaimed the spectre of Communism to be haunting Europe, so too now does the spectre of Syndicalism haunt the entire planet. While our revolution has succeeded and been entrenched, our political and economic systems must be further refined, lest we invite the wrath of reactionaries foreign and domestic.
Subvert The Democratic Process
While democracy has its place, the will of the people must be tightly controlled for socialism to truly flourish.
Disenfranchise Subversives
The bourgeoisie and their lapdogs deserve nothing but the scorn of the working class. While there are those who dare call themselves socialists that would suggest our new institutions alone will prove sufficient to ensure and end to class tyranny, in truth, subversive elements, including many within the apparatus of the party, must not be at liberty to undermine our nation.
Embrace European Totalism
While we have thus far clung to terminology like simply 'socialist' and even the antiquated 'communist' for lack of more appropriate nomenclature, a bold new idea has emerged from Europe: Totalism. The party should embrace this ideology and its adherents abroad.
The Hills Are Alive
The southern hills have long been a redoubt for guerrillas and dissidents of all types. Many of these elusive militants are loyal to the Revolucionarios of Juan Blas Hernández and to avoid inevitable conflict and disorder, we must work to eliminate them immediately.
Permanent Revolution
The revolution has ended, but its spirit must live on! The urgency of revolution is the spring in our people's step, the extra strike of a hammer, the more diligent soldier. This ethos cannot be allowed to wither in times of peace. We must encourage an unceasing revolutionary spirit.
The Final Conflict
At last, Cuba is becoming a truly revolutionary nation, a land of totalism. There still remain those, however, who corrupt our nation from within the party, those who oppose this progress. They can at last be done away with and a new nation truly built.
Bureaucratic Dominance
With the failure of the all socialist congress and President Guiteras's consolidation of power, our nation's socialist transformation has been directed largely through executive offices with congress acting as but a rubber stamp on executive actions. This new bureaucracy has become increasingly unwieldy and ineffective. To promote loyalty and efficiency alike, it must further centralised.
Controlled Integration
While the trade unions were allowed to maintain their independence and given a large role in local political and economic management, they have increasingly come into conflict with the bureaucracy. This discord must be solved and to accomplish such, unions must be required to elect to positions of leadership only those who also hold positions within the central bureaucratic apparatus.
Placate Idealists
The means to which our government came to be are certainly not optimal, and in spite of our successes, many within the party believe that the political sphere should be somewhat opened in line with the system present in some other syndicalist nations. While their ideas are flawed, we cannot afford to do away with those of this opinion. We must allocate political resources to assuaging their fears.
Let Each Stand In His Place
For our nation to function and syndicalism to thrive, each individual must be an immutable part of a greater whole. All must be firmly encouraged to do their part to the fullest.
Administrative Syndicalism
Pejoratively, many Orthodox Syndicalists abroad have begun to refer to our regime as one of 'Administrative Syndicalism', where he very core of syndicalism itself has been rotted out by the apparatus of the state. While obviously such slander is rubbish, the 'administrative' aspect is one we can embrace, let us look to a future where all aspects of life have been subsumed by a responsible syndicalist bureaucracy.
Unremitting Presidency
With weak leadership, our nation's socialism would be likely to collapse under renewed imperialist pressure. While our current president has not led us astray, undoubtedly, another could fill the position much less effectively. The President must be given great legal power to direct who their successor shall be and how limits on executive power should be interpreted.
Cement Democracy
Syndicalism is at its core a democratic ideology. While many syndicalist nations have seen democratic institutions sidelined by the state, we shall be different. Syndicalist democracy shall live on and flourish in Cuba.
Communal Electoral Reform
Regional political divisions are still based upon the arbitrary lines drawn by the reactionary regimes of old. We must create new regional and intermediary divisions between the unions and the central government based upon bonds of shared labour rather than simple geography.
Rural Political Participation
In the most rural areas of our nation, many people lack not only a true class consciousness, but also fail to participate in union and local elections, and even fewer join political organisations. We should begin a campaign in such areas of constituent education and fight against apathy.
Advance The Fairer Sex
Many even within the Socialist Party may feel that women are purely domestic creatures, but it has always been the party's platform to encourage their political and psychological emancipation. We must begin to allow women not only to fully participate in all democratic functions, but actively promote their participation.
Ensure Civility
The syndicalist system, through promotion and integration of trade unions which, despite our best efforts, are often at least partially at odds with each other, has exacerbated certain political disputes to the point of petty violence. We must promote and normalise civility in public debate and politic even if such an effort proves costly.
Vigilant Electorate
A syndicalist state, empowered to execute the will of people, is liable to exercise its authority counter to the democratic process. If true syndicalism is to be maintained, the people must be instilled with the spirit of democratic vigilance, accepting no overreach on the part of the state.
Union Oversight
Within the trade unions, individuals often become entrenched in leadership positions. Regardless of whether these comrades do their jobs effectively, such a state of affairs can lead to subversion of the democratic structures within each union and thus affect the state as a whole. A committee to assess the individual state of all of our nation's unions is need to curtail the issue.
Inspiration Abroad
While some formerly socialist nations have strayed into tyranny, others have begun to truly cultivate prosperous and communally minded societies through a variety of mechanisms. We must always look for inspiration abroad and adapt our ideological leanings to reality rather than the folly of the opposite.
There Is Power In A Union
Our people, once apprehensive at the imposition of a radical new socioeconomic system, have begun not only to become content with syndicalism, but see its merits. Such attitudes should be encouraged, let us empower the people's minds!
Revolutionary Democracy
The Socialist Party has been proven a farce rife with tyrants as bad as the bastards they sought to overthrow. General Blas' apprehension about ever even joining the foul thing has been proven right. Let us work to establish a new party free from despots, and with it true democracy where the people are placed above all else.
Unionista Rapprochement
While held hostage by the military and puppets of the United States, the Unionistas always strove to achieve a fair and free Cuba. Indeed, some within the party secretly supported the strike that led to their deposition. Let us make peace with them and allow their formal political participation once again.
Control The Militias
The militias, both for their mixed loyalties and ideological fanaticism have become something of a liability both to our government and the nation as a whole. We must, however, respect the service and character of the men within their ranks, and thus must do whatever possible to assure their loyalty and control their political influence rather than something more drastic.
Voice Of The Voiceless
While many from across the political spectrum would ignore the impoverished or downtrodden, or even grandstand upon their broken backs, in Cuba, that shall not be. We must endeavour to institutionalise the pursuit of economic justice and the spirit of political pragmatism. Let not ideology or ambition muddy this bold vision.
Root Out Lackeys
While Mella has long been defeated, those who sympathise with his authoritarian vision and that of other would-be tyrants still feature prominently in certain circles. Let us do everything we can to divorce such people of any political or even societal influence.
Renewed Agrarian Reform
The reforms undertaken by Blas and the then Revolucionario wing of the Socialist Party have been effective at reducing the gap between rich and poor without causing dangerous economic disruption or fundamentally changing our nation's more agrarian character. We must go further, let us double down on our economic policy.
Fully Reopen Political Sphere
Though the Unionistas and most left-of-centre political organisations have been re-legalised in full, much of the nation's old reformers still remain at least nominally outlawed. Let us re-open the political sphere fully, allowing even liberals to participate in politics so long as they obey our new egalitarian principles.
Democratic Mindset
To truly transform Cuba, the people must be educated both in their duties as citizens and more traditional academic pursuits. Our mediocre albeit not unsalvageable academic systems must be completely updated no matter the cost.
A Guarded People
Among our supporters' number many whose love of the new nation has become fanatical. Such patriotic fervour, even for democracy and freedom, could become problematic, but it can also be harnessed. Among our soldiers, let us stoke this new feeling of patriotism.
Deep Wounds
After so much political turmoil, revolution upon revolution, coup upon coup, and great economic change, our society is deeply divided. Even amongst those who support our government, many are simply exhausted on a deeper level. We should create a committee to deal with the injustices of the past, providing compensation to past victims of state violence and working to restore our people's spirit as much as physical well-being.
Bristling Liberty
Our nation and its people have embraced liberty as never before. Not the 'liberty' of Locke, or the alternatives offered by Marx or by Syndicalism, a liberty truly of the people, bristling defensively at the potential for its exploitation.
One Man's Vision
Mella has seen the prosperity of the Mexican system and returned to Cuba with nothing but a dream and an ideology. Now he leads the people into the future.
Double Down
Mella has experience backing his words, Transformationism will lead our economy and the foolish industrialists shall see the error of their ways. For who needs smokestacks when you can have rolling fields of green?
The Old Way
Perhaps the Syndicalists have some insight to offer. Moderate industrialisation can't hurt to try, after all, we'll need tractors!
Eliminate Syndicalist Thought
From day one, the Syndicalists have impeded our government at every step. We will put an end to these petty politics, and the Communists will do what is just.
Centralised Workers' Councils
Our nation is wide, and communication is necessary in a modern economy and government. We will establish a congress in Havana to facilitate communication and cooperation among the provinces.
Kangaroo Courts
The courts have never served the common man. We will ensure this corrupt institution is dragged into the new era.
Racial Harmony
Over 900,000 Africans were brought to Cuba throughout the colonial period, and since the abolition of slavery in 1886, our black comrades have received only contempt. They have been denied equal rights and opportunities. Mella stood before congress today and declared that the state shall actively fight racial discrimination, especially in the workplace. While there is sure to be resistance, no cause is more noble.
Awaken The Fairer Sex
One of the pillars of social revolution is the abolition of sexism. Women need equal opportunity if we are to ensure total prosperity.
Strength Of Will
Since his return from exile, Mella has left a great impression on the nation and its people. He has secured his place in Cuban politics and transformed our nation from a backwards, oppressive regime to a worker's paradise. Because of his striking good looks and imposing figure, many citizens now refer to Mella as 'El Caballo'. Who doesn't love the dashingly handsome chairman?
Fan The Flames
Cuba is but a stepping stone in the world revolution. We shall act as a base in the Caribbean to liberate the citizens of nearby autocracies. We have nothing to lose but our chains!
New Cultural Campaign
Catholicism is rooted in Cuban society, some still need convincing of the backwardness of established religion. This will be a costly campaign, but no revolution can be easy.
Education Reform
Mella began as a student in Havana, experiencing first hand the abuse suffered. The future is in the hand of the youth, and with decent, state-funded education, they will lead Cuba to glory.
Arisen Out Of Ruins
Mella has led us through turbulent times. From the overthrow of the oligarchic democracy to the restructuring of our society and rebuilding of the economy. Cuba now enters a brave new world, but with El Caballo no road is too rough.
Shake On It
Though Mella coerced Comrade Blas into an undeserved coalition government and thus implemented his preferred policies, with the situation now stabilised, Revolucionario pushback and disagreement with the continued suspension of democracy is reaching critical mass. Blas and Mella have agreed to meet to develop a unified policy platform and ensure continued stability.
Till The Fields
The Revolucionario government has become increasingly sceptical of its Comunista allies' more radical policy options. How Transformationism as an ideology and Cuba's grand experiment in agrarianism is to evolve will largely depend on the compromise struck between Blas and Mella themselves.
Kick In The Pants
Our system has further politicised middling positions in the economic bureaucracy. Mella and Blas possess two slightly different visions for how the issue should be addressed.
Milletmen
In a play-on-words, the English speaking world now refers to our agrarian militiamen as 'milletmen'. With the direction of our central leadership, let us show the world these men are even tougher than that hearty grain.
A New Role
While Mella and Blas disagree strongly on the finer points of women's liberation, both men agree that the chains of tradition must be dissolved. 'Sisters, comrades!' they say, 'you shall be equal.'
Arise You Damned
While some accuse the Trabajadores of harbouring some racially chauvinistic sentiments, the anti-racist pedigree of both Blas and Mella is strong.
The Stuff Of Legend
Foreign armaments are often superior, we should bring in negotiators who have catalysed the stockpiling for arms amongst the different political factions as formal agents of the state.
Counter-Crusade
While Blas is firmly against many of the more extreme aspects of Mella's next round of cultural reforms and campaigns, he is amiable towards his anti-clerical ideas. What was once a campaign of cultural transformation shall now become a targeted battle against organised religion and the lingering political and societal influence of the Catholic Church in particular.
A Not-So Paltry Task
The struggle between the Comunistas and Revolucionarios has deepened and parallel political institutions are forming, which while dangerous, could also be allowed to go forward and indeed integrated into the party apparatus. A centralised government and a decentralised socialist party, we are sure to benefit!
Bipolarity
Between two poles, the Cuban political system has tired of constant deadlock and bickering. We must work to get the gears at the base of this great machine of government turning again.
Something's Gotta Give
While compromise at first seemed possible, the status quo is only becoming increasingly unstable. Something has got to give.
One Nation
The crisis is over, but the nation has not yet recovered its spirit and politics have yet to settle down. It is our duty to restore the Cuban people to their rightful place of dignity.
Control The Greenshirts
The Greenshirts are still an important political institution, but some among have grown overzealous to the point of sedition. Such voices must be summarily silenced immediately.
A Fragile Peace
The military must be put to task to suppress remaining insurrectionist elements throughout the country and especially within the apparatus of state. While this will hinder its training and combat readiness process, it is undoubtedly necessary.
Reinvigorate Democracy
The Authentic movement has always been a democratic one, despite its willingness to engage in extra-legal action. While we would be wise to keep up pressure on the opposition, the national emergency should be lifted and political life should resume.
A Life of Luxury
Agricultural exports face greater competition with each passing year; the prosperity of the sector is sure to dwindle without intervention. Rather than reorient the country, we should focus on adding value domestically, and rather than enter a crowded market, we should get ahead of trends in consumption and focus on luxuries. Cuban sugar should be refined in Cuba and Cuban fruits canned in Cuba.
Speak On Old Promises
While much progress in electrification was made under the Unionistas, Grau has promised grander reform. The infrastructural programme is to be expanded with the goal of full electrification of laggard provinces and a reduction in energy prices through modernisation. With power supplied, another kicker has also been added - home radios for the impoverished so that they may never miss a speech.
Universal Liberty
So that the next generation may develop a proper national consciousness, women must be granted political equality with men, mere suffrage as accomplished in 1921 is not enough. A commission should be established to assess ways to improve women's economic standing.
Auténtico Education Campaign
Among the peasantry and lower middle class that form the basis of our supporters, many are illiterate. Surely it was for lack of education alone that many of the poor were formerly deceived by socialism. To doctor Grau, a professor himself, there is no greater shame. Let us invest in an education system both accessible to all and morally upright.
Universal Healthcare
Hospitals have sprung up around Cuban cities, and while the insurance plans many have recently begun offering have made healthcare accessible to some, to the majority, proper healthcare remains a dream. We have devised a plan to amalgamate the various insurance subsidiaries into an organ of the state, all citizens will be charged a flat rate and lost wages shall be replaced by the state.
Assimilate Afro-Cubans
While liberal Cubans look down their noses at us as little more than a band of despotic street thugs, among much of the Afro-Cuban population we are seen for what we truly are: liberators. Racial discrimination prevents our fair nation from developing a national consciousness worthy of it. Let out nation arise as one and do away with such divisions.
Bureaucratic Competence
Merit alone must guide administrators. Should any bureaucrat infringe upon this sacred truth, he must be dealt with harshly.
Unwavering Progress
A nation marches ever forward. With each new challenge, each new idea which tears the old order asunder, we must adapt. For time is but the great march to the inevitable fulfilment of our ideals. A people that are made to feel similarly assured of success will better fulfil such a destiny.
The Havana General Strike has begun.
Cuban 1936 elections finished
Strike crushed
Chaos erupts
Did not enact emergency powers
Enacted emergency powers
Military crushed strike independently
The Havana General Strike has toppled the government
Socialists consolidate power
Auténtico paramilitaries organise
Syndicalists Victorious
Totalists Victorious
Radical Socialists Victorious
Passed Labour Relief Act
Addressed Tariff Issue
Presidential Guard Coup Succeeds
Presidential Guard Coup Fails
The Military has formed a Junta
Díaz Completely Controls The Executive De-Facto
Republicano Victory
Nuevo Liberal Victory
Unionista Victory
The US has established a puppet regime
Mella Has Been Couped By Blas
Successful Diplomatic Expedition to Germany
Successful Diplomatic Expedition to Austria
Successful Diplomatic Expedition to the Commune
Sided With Canada in the American Civil War
Trejo re-elected
Coalition Elected
Vázquez Elected
Mella and Blas have concluded their meeting
Julio Mella and the Revolucionarios share power
§GThis focus will be bypassed after the end of the 1936 election§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed at the start of the Havana General Strike§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed if the Havana General Strike is not immediately crushed§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed if the Havana General Strike is immediately crushed§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed if the military independently crushes the Strike§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed if the Havana General Strike topples the government§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed following Republicano Victory in the Special Presidential Election§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed following Nuevo Liberal Victory in the Special Presidential Election§!
§GThis focus will be bypassed following Unionista Victory in the Special Presidential Election§!
§GThis focus will be automatically completed a month after the tree is loaded§!
§GThis focus will be automatically completed following the assassination of Vázquez§!
Military commanders and the names of socialist parties will change.\n
§GThis focus will become available with the end of internal socialist turmoil§!\n
§GThis focus will modify our industrial or agrarian idea§!\n
§GThis focus will help end the Depression§!\n
§GThis focus will become available after addressing the issues of American tariff rules and labour programmes§!
§GThis focus will become available once the traitors' fate is decided and the plantation issue has been put to rest§!
§GThis focus will become available either if a military Junta has come to power or after the fate of the Officers has been decided and the initial political tree has been completed§!\n
§GNew decisions will be unlocked§!\n
has accepted our diplomatic overtures
§GNormal Elections Will Be Enabled§!\n
Our faction members will gain a small military experience boost and their opinion of us will improve slightly.
Should our American allies join or create a faction, we will immediately receive a decision to join the same alliance.
The WCA won the American civil war
Our Socialist Militia idea will be upgraded based upon our choice of Blas or Mella.
(§Y[USA.GetFlag][WCA.GetFlag][APG.GetFlag][ACC.GetFlag][NEE.GetFlag] Every American Tag§!) Attack bonus against country: §G+20%§!, Defence bonus against country: §G+20%§!
Increase duration of '$IDEA|Y$' by $DAYS|Y$ days.
As well, General Alberto Herrera Franchi, long a critic of General Díaz, has been dismissed, having at last lost all his once sizeable political influence.
The emerging revolutionary economy requires institutions specifically tailored to its maintenance. So long as the bureaucracy remains tainted with traces of capitalism and bourgeois domination, the workers shall never truly prosper. With the worst of the depression over, it is time to entirely throw out the old bureaucracy completely and create regulatory entities anew.
The corruption of our national institutions under Machado has left a legacy of incompetence. While reforms undertaken after the revolution did erase some of Machado's malevolent influence, many bureaucrats hold a great deal of rancor towards our regime. Now is an opportune time to completely transform our regulatory institutions.
To properly regulate the national economy, the rabble cannot be trusted. Learned men, men of culture and propriety must be at the forefront of our nation's bureaucracy. To that end, as the economy has outgrown the bureaucracy that oversees it and needs comprehensive reform, the fundamentally damaging reforms undertaken during the Trejo years must also be reversed.
To properly regulate the national economy, the rabble cannot be trusted. Learned men, men of culture and propriety, particularly men of martial skill, must be at the forefront of our nation's bureaucracy. To that end, as the economy has outgrown the bureaucracy that oversees it and needs comprehensive reform, the damaging reforms undertaken during the Trejo years must also be reversed.
Never has the bureaucracy that wields so much power over our people truly worked to better the country. From the old Liberal Party to Trejo and his lot, those who hand out petty rules are governed only by self-interest. The bureaucracy, now that the economy is no longer in jeopardy, must be thrown out and completely remade. The nation and the people must be its first and only priority.
Cuban-American Partnership
Attack on the Cuban Embassy
Auténticos Seized American Plantations
Americans Approved Tariff Adjustment
Killed Heinz 'Enrique' Lüning
Spared Heinz 'Enrique' Lüning
Slandered Our Regime
Attended the Caribbean Summit
Refused to Attend the Caribbean Summit
Formal Denunciation
Totalist Diplomacy
Military Cooperation
Economic Cooperation
Cuban Sabotage
New Diplomatic Ties
Anti-Clerical Campaign
Anti-Clerical Campaign
Anti-Clerical Campaign
El Caballo
Havana Shipyard
WACO Aircraft Company
Lacking a substantial domestic aircraft manufacturer, with the collapse of the Ohio-based WACO Aircraft Company, whose biplanes had achieved a stellar reputation among Cuban pilots, in 1931, the Cuban government purchased the company and enticed its design team to move to Cuba as well.
Partial Depression Recovery
The policies of young President Rafael Trejo and the Unionist party have partially alleviated the effects of the great depression.
Double Dip Recession
After years of economic depression followed by a prolonged lacklustre recovery, the economic collapse of the already overleveraged Germany has catalysed renewed economic hardship.
Havana General Strike
Unrest brought on by our economic hardship has been a boon to opposition groups, and many of the more radical among them have seized upon this unprecedented opportunity to begin agitation anew. Now, a General Strike has been called by a variety of organisations, many with ties to various criminalised socialist groups. While the strike has so far only found purchase in Havana, it could quickly grow out of control.
Pervasive American Influence
The United States is highly influential in Cuban society and politics, and the Americans closely observe and at times directly cause Cuban political developments. Any substantial change in the status-quo is likely to provoke an American response.
Mixed Regime
The Cuban military holds a great deal of political power including guaranteed congressional seats and is nearly completely unbeholden to the civilian government.
Strike Dispersed
The Havana General Strike was contained before it could paralyse the nation, our people remain deeply divided and the strike's aftermath has left our regime in a more precarious position than ever before.
Chaos
The Havana General strike has consumed the country and paralysed the civilian government. Socialist and populist dissidents roam the country largely unimpeded, clashing frequently with the Army.
Greenshirt Patronage
Originally founded by the liberal Jorge Manach Robato in an attempt to pushback against General Diaz, the Greenshirts eventually grew beyond his control and merged with the paramilitary wing of the Auténtic Party, previously made up mostly of armed ex-sailors and soldiers who participated in the revolution of 1929. The nickname 'Greenshirt' was bestowed as an slight to draw attention to the group's similarities to the thugs of unsavoury regimes beyond Cuba's shores. With the Auténtic regime's increased patronage, the Greenshirts have been integrated into the armed forces.
Martial Institutions
Originally founded by the liberal Jorge Manach Robato in an attempt to pushback against General Diaz, the Greenshirts eventually grew beyond his control and merged with the paramilitary wing of the Auténtic Party, previously made up mostly of armed ex-sailors and soldiers who participated in the revolution of 1929. The nickname 'Greenshirt' was bestowed as an slight to draw attention to the group's similarities to the thugs of unsavoury regimes beyond Cuba's shores. With the Auténtic regime's increased patronage, the Greenshirts have been integrated into a plethora of political institutions working both to promote loyalty and martial skill among the Cuban populace.
Mass Action
The paramilitaries of the Auténtic party have been aggressively promoted to the general public and their ranks have swelled. While they no longer maintain the same level of martial discipline as in the past, these organisations help to encourage the military aptitude of the general public and inspire loyalty to the state.
Martial Institutions
The paramilitaries of the Auténtic party have been aggressively promoted to the general public and their ranks have swelled, and with further state promotion now hold great sway within the civilian bureaucracy. While they no longer maintain the same level of martial discipline as in the past, these organisations help to encourage the military aptitude of the general public and inspire loyalty to the state.
Emergency Powers
A state of emergency has been declared in the wake of the Havana General Strike and additional powers have been bestowed upon the executive.
National Air Academy
Cuba has founded a new aviation school within the prestigious Havana military college.
Aviation Development Scheme
Cuba has funded an ambitious plan to rapidly expand its Air Corps.
Aviation Development Scheme
Cuba has given substantial funding to an already ambitious plan to rapidly expand its Air Corps.
Agrarian Socialism
Cuba has embraced a moderate form of agrarian socialism which seeks to empower the rural peasantry both politically and economically. The backbone of this new economic system is the way in which the state fully controls and operates all key industries and the nation's largest plantations, while redistributing all other privately owned land in the country to those who toil them. These newly created small land parcels are then grouped together geographically with each region collectively responsible to the economic mandates of the state.
Transformationism
Mella has begun his initial reforms to support a mainly Agrarian economy, known as 'Transformationism'.
Market Syndicalism
While the Cuban government has worked tirelessly to emulate European orthodox syndicalist economic systems, the Cubans have attempted to retain competition within their economy. While personal 'profiteering' is heavily regulated, unions, run collectively by their members, are encouraged to compete for membership and have the liberty to set prices and fully control production of goods and services as they see fit.
Communal Industrialisation
With the revolution at hand, Cuba is undergoing a bold economic transition. All of the nations lands, urban and rural, developed and impoverished alike have been reorganised into state-owned collectives, with each managed directly by the central bureaucracy with the goal of moulding the entirety of the nation's productivity capacity to encourage industrialisation.
Transformationism
Further expansion of the agricultural sector has been completed, and the population enjoys the wealth of Cuba's land.
Transformationist Domination
Transformationism has dominated the Cuban economy, the weak Syndicalist industrialists have retreated and the people chant 'La conquista del pan!'.
Revised Transformationism
Transformationism has been refined and improved under Revolucionario political primacy, and in many ways it has been moderated.
Industrialist-Agrarian Compromise
Without a proper industry, Cuba would be going back in time. We will have to work with the Syndicalists for the welfare of our state.
Women's Rights
What can a man do that any determined woman cannot? We must unite as brothers and sisters, allow women roles in the workplace and in the military. The sons of Cuba need good nurses!
Social Transformationism
Mella's regime has implemented sweeping reforms designed to promote racial and gender equality and propagate a properly socialist mindset to these newly liberated comrades.
Social Transformationism
Under pressure from Mella, Blas drafted a comparable social platform. This platform has similarly implemented sweeping reforms designed to promote racial and gender equality and propagate a properly socialist mindset to these newly liberated comrades.
Social Transformationism
Under pressure from Mella, Blas compromised on a comparable social platform. This platform has similarly implemented sweeping reforms designed to promote racial and gender equality and propagate a properly socialist mindset to these newly liberated comrades.
Judicial Reforms
The backwards Capitalist-American dominated court system must be brought into the modern era. They will learn to operate with our new government.
Racism Outlawed
The 'coloured' people of Cuba are as capable as any other Cubano. We have to achieve full social revolution, allow them into the workplace and the military.
Export the Revolution
We must face the reality that many of our brothers and sisters are still enslaved across the Caribbean, it is our job to facilitate the revolution and liberation of the workers.
Free Education
Mella has always been a proponent of social welfare, wanting the best for his nation. By opening the colleges and covering education costs, we can better our nation by educating the brilliant children of Cuba.
Market Syndicalism
While the Cuban government has worked tirelessly to emulate European orthodox syndicalist economic systems, the Cubans have attempted to retain competition within their economy. While personal 'profiteering' is heavily regulated, unions, run collectively by their members, are encouraged to compete for membership and have the liberty to set prices and fully control production of goods and services as they see fit.
Communal Industrialisation
With the revolution at hand, Cuba is undergoing a bold economic transition. All of the nations lands, urban and rural, developed and impoverished alike have been reorganised into state-owned collectives, with each managed directly by the central bureaucracy with the goal of moulding the entirety of the nation's productivity capacity to encourage industrialisation.
Economic Recovery
The worst is over and the long road to economic recovery has begun.
Economic Recovery
$CUB_recovering_desc$ It is only a matter of time until the Cuban economy is again firing on all cylinders.
Revolutionary Ethos
The revolution has shifted our national mores and norms greatly and the people now just barely begin to approach that unachievable ideal manifestation of humanity proposed by Marx so long ago.
Protestors Appeased
The Cuban government successfully quelled the most radical participants of the Havana General Strike while also diplomatically diffusing the chaos, agreeing to some of the demands of the protestors.
Low-Level Bombing
Cuban naval bomber pilots receive extensive training in emerging methods of attacking enemy ships and all pilots now possess at least some knowledge of effective but difficult low-level bombing techniques.
Coast Guard
The Cuban coast guard now coordinates effectively with the navy and is able to support larger navy ships in combat.
Improved Merchant Fleet
Larger Cuban merchant ships have received state funding for technological improvements and general retrofitting and now are both capable of coordinating closely with the Navy even in times of war. Their general ability to carry goods has also improved as a result.
Presidential Guard
Cuba has established a sizeable dedicated Presidential Guard to protect both the executive and functions of the central government in general. While the organisation is technically directly under Presidential authority, the influence of the unruly Army on it has caused a good degree of concern for some Cuban politicians.
Caribbean Navy
The Cuban navy has been reorganised to focus on operations in the Caribbean Sea. While this has hindered its ability to operate further afield, the Cuban fleet now fights more effectively than ever close to home.
Infrastructural Development
The Cuban Auténtic regime has granted substantial funding to a new bureaucratic entity dedicated to infrastructural development in the nation's impoverished rural localities.
Renovated Plantations
Cuba has granted state funding to many of the nation's largest agricultural operations to renovate their facilities and purchase new machine equipment.
Ample Workers
Cuban agents work throughout Latin America to recruit both seasonal and permanent agricultural workers, assuring that even in the most hectic season, the labour market for the nation's many plantations remains stable.
Foreign Agricultural Expertise
Cuba has recruited foreign agricultural scientists and seasoned businessmen familiar with agricultural policy to advise its policymaking and modernisation efforts.
Founded Agricultural University
Cuba has created a new state-run university dedicated entirely to the study of agricultural science, business, and policy.
Agricultural Support Industries
Cuban state promotion of certain niche industries relevant to its agricultural sector has been a boon for the nation's economy. This is just the latest in a series of major policy initiatives which has catalysed a great resurgence in the nation's agricultural sector.
Foreign Investment
The Cuban government works closely with foreign corporations to secure funding and partnerships to further its urbanisation efforts.
Foreign Vices
The Díaz regime has doubled down on its exploitation of gambling and other foreign vices as a means of economic activity.
Corruption Mitigated
While itself accused of graft and corruption, the Cuban military regime has cracked down heavily on such practices from within the bureaucracy and works to promote an ethos of honesty within the private sector.
Spirit of Productivity
Between state promotion of the virtue of hard work and several new expensive industrial development initiatives, societal norms have shifted greatly. The average Cuban now workers longer and more efficiently than ever before.
Deregulated Financial Sector
Regulations placed on the financial companies have been comprehensively assessed and rescinded in hopes of cultivating a thriving domestic financial sector.
Multinational Financial Sector
The Cuban government has brokered several large deals with foreign financial companies to encourage their investment in the country.
Lowered Corporate Taxation
Cuba has rescinded previous taxes levied on corporate profits and has instituted a new system of tax deductions for personal business expenditure.
Reduced Ineffective Subsidies
Many of the incentive programme implemented by the Trejo were born of then-necessary compromise with various business interests both foreign and domestic and have been both completely ineffective and conducive to monopolisation. Such programmes have been eliminated and in their place, slight tax deductions instituted for certain aspects of the burgeoning financial sector.
Free Society
Cuba has become a model of economic freedom with restrictions on free enterprise and negligible barriers to entry in nearly every economic sector. As a result, the Cuban economy has boomed like never before.
Public Works
The Cuban government has implemented permanent public works initiatives to encourage infrastructural development and reduced unemployment even in times of prosperity.
Public-Private Ventures
Cuba has developed a system for management of joint public-private business ventures to ensure the maximisation of popular benefit without infringing on the private profit motive.
Targeted Subsidies
Cuba has comprehensively assessed and reapportioned its various economic subsidy programmes with resounding success.
Intermediate Industries
The Cuban government has taken measures to promote the development of industry to produce semi-finished goods, particularly products which rely on Cuban agricultural inputs.
Industrial Exports
Among its many recent ambitious economic initiatives, Cuba has begun to aggressively promote its industrial products, even in some cases going as far as to grant concessions to international businesses in exchange for their exclusive use of certain products.
Commercial Prowess
As Martí once criticised the Spanish for their limiting of the natural Cuban inclination towards free enterprise, the Cuban people have now more than ever before embraced the value of commerce and trade.
Export Boom
While for years agricultural exports were the lifeblood of Cuba, the value of such a system was taken for granted. Luckily, state economic initiatives have now reaffirmed Cuba's commitment to such an economic structure and reinforced its worth among the people.
People's Militia
In order to actively combat counter-revolutionary influence, Cuba has organised from the ranks of former guerrillas a force dedicated to fighting reactionary conspirators. The organisation amounts to a permanent guerrilla army separate from the armed forces which has been thoroughly embedded in civilian society. Each cell is to become intimately familiar with the geography of its immediate area, capable of quickly organising a local militia to combat whatever threatens its zone of operations. During times of peace, guerrillas are tasked with covertly promoting the regime and revolutionary values.
El Departamento
'The Department' is Cuba's state domestic intelligence agency. Beyond combating foreign espionage and monitoring domestic threats, the organisation attempts to subtly encourage the party-line and revolutionary values among the populace.
Reformed Joven Cuba
Joven Cuba has been restructured as the official paramilitary wing of the entire Cuban Socialist Movement. It is tasked with the prevention of reactionary influence on the bureaucracy and within the ranks of the party.
Integrated Joven Cuba
Joven Cuba has been integrated into the structure of the national militia system to monitor the loyalty of the militias and individual militiamen and promote general discipline. Darker rumours abound of the state giving Joven Cuba officers the go-ahead to, in the event of war, even go as far as shoot Cuban militiamen who so much as retreat or waver.
Revolutionary Guard
Several small militia groups which have proven thoroughly loyal to the totalitarian socialist regime and shown to possess a fanatically revolutionary spirit have been amalgamated into a new paramilitary secret police organisation known as the 'Revolutionary Guard'. The guard operates as a second army of sorts, responsible for ensuring loyalty across all elements of society as well as the discipline of the various militias which have likewise become something of a parallel military.
Revolutionary Guard
Several small militia groups which have proven thoroughly loyal to the totalitarian socialist regime and shown to possess a fanatically revolutionary spirit have been amalgamated into a new paramilitary secret police organisation known as the 'Revolutionary Guard'. The guard operates as a second army of sorts, responsible for ensuring loyalty across all elements of society as well as monitoring governmental activity to ensure efficiency and the reduction of frivolous expenditure.
La Oficina De La Revolución
The CNOC, while in many ways sidelined following the Cuban revolution, has been reinvented. The new Office of the Revolution is responsible for ensuring loyalty within bureaucracy and central government, and assessing policy for the insidious stain of reaction, ensuring Cuba's continued ideological orthodoxy.
La Oficina De La Revolución
The CNOC, while in many ways sidelined following the Cuban revolution, has been reinvented. The new Office of the Revolution is responsible for ensuring loyalty within the militias and military, and screening officers and common soldiers alike for the stain of reaction.
American-Backed Dissidents
In response to the recent Cuban regime change, the United States gave support to various dissident groups which now commit clandestine acts of resistance against the state.
American-Backed Dissidents
In response to the recent Cuban regime change, the United States gave support to various dissident groups. In spite of this support however, such organisations remain largely inactive and rumours of a coup attempt abound.
Economic Disruption
Land seizures have temporarily upended the Cuban economy.
American Agricultural Agreement
The Cuban Auténtic regime has reached a comprehensive agreement with the government of the United States and American agricultural interests in the country. Pursuant to the new agreement, in exchange for Cuban formal recognition of the status quo regarding American Businesses, the United States shall all but eliminate duties on Cuban industrial products.
Economic Expansion
Cuba has committed substantial state funding to a new programme of modernisation. Across the nation, outdated infrastructure and structures of economic significance are to be partially renovated.
Gem of the Caribbean
Cuban economic reforms have contributed to the stunning revitalisation of the Cuban economy. While the average Cuban had already enjoyed a higher standard of living than citizens of some western European nations, never before has the nation experienced such acute growth.
Efficient Extraction
The Cuban government has funded several resource exploration initiatives. It has secured for its mining facilities foreign experts to assist in the total mechanisation of Cuban mining and other means of improvement its ability to extract mineral wealth.
Miner Protections
Cuba has invested significantly in improving the working conditions of those who toil in that most essential industry, mining.
Socialist Economic Bureaucracy
Cuba has established a new set of bureaucratic offices tasked with managing the nation's ever more complex economy.
Reformed Economic Bureaucracy
$CUB_socecobureau_desc$
Reformed Economic Bureaucracy
$CUB_socecobureau_desc$
Reformed Economic Bureaucracy
$CUB_socecobureau_desc$
Collaborativist Economic Bureaucracy
$CUB_socecobureau_desc$
Enticing Advisors
Cuba has secured military advisors from its allies.
American Lapdog
Cuba has come fully under the sway of the United States, and while it remains entirely independent politically, American influence now permeates every nook and cranny of the nation's economy and political sphere.
Chicago Boys
Cuba has strengthened its relationship with American criminal organisations and works closely with them to turn Cuba into a palace of pleasure, vice, and of course, profit.
Socialist Militia Army
While Cuba still maintains a traditional military, the impromptu militias which formed from the various socialist-aligned trade unions and participant groups of the Havana General Strike have become a parallel military in of themselves. This complicated system has its benefits, but is extremely convoluted, confounding the nation's ability to properly execute complicated troops movements.
Reorganised Militia Army
$CUB_militia_idea_desc$ While the militia system has been reformed somewhat and the militias now resemble a traditional military themselves, many of the same issues remain.
Cuban Aircraft Sale
We have agreed to produce aircraft for the Cuban military in exchange for a lump-sum payment.
Loyal American Lapdog
In spite of political developments at home and in the United States, given the chance to break from its hegemon, Cuba has chosen to remain loyal to America.
Optimised Armament Production
The Cuban military focuses on the integration of overwhelming firepower into its divisions and the state provides generous funding to arms manufacturers in order to increase output as much as possible.
Accurate Armaments
The Cuban military focuses on marksmanship and the use of accurate high-quality armaments.
Offensive Army
The Cuban Army is designed to attack, to fall back to a Cuban would be folly.
Defensive Army
The Cuban Army has adopted a primarily defensive focus.
Revised European Trade Agreement
South American Trade
Cuba and a handful of South American nations have agreed to drastically lower mutual barriers to trade. This has caused a noticeable economic uptick in all involved countries.
Emergency Mobilisation
In response to an extremely hostile diplomatic exchange with the Americans, Cuba has issued an emergency general mobilisation order. Any and all men who can be spared are being rushed into military service for fear of an American invasion.
Women's Rights
Cuba has initiated an ambitious programme to fundamentally change national norms and perceptions of the role of women. In order to promote nationalism in its citizens even from birth, it now stresses that the nation's men and women must stand arm in arm with equal ideological fanaticism. As part of this initiative, the nation's women have been granted full legal equality with men.
Auténtico Education Programme
The Cuban education system has been comprehensively reformed and expanded with an equal emphasis on the promotion of nationalism and loyalty as reading and writing.
Mandated Racial Equality
Race has always divided the Cuban people, but if the current government has its way, racial divisions will be replaced with a truly colourblind nationalistic fraternity, or at least, that's the message the regime is trying to send to Afro-Cubans. Conveniently, those who break these new laws are almost always opposition figures.
Universal Healthcare
Cuba has established a progressive health care. The insurance schemes established by individual hospitals fairly recently have been amalgamated into a new administrative entity. All citizens are charged a flat rate and lost wages from treatment are replaced by the state. The system is quite expensive to operate and much of the administration of the system is contracted to the same large hospitals whose fledgling insurance schemes were taken over, creating rent seeking behaviour within the system itself.
Permanent Revolution
The Cuban regime has inspired in the people a sort of popular paranoia - a fear that the forces of reaction may always lie just over the horizon.
Total Unionisation
The trade unions have been brought under state control and have been fully integrated into the Cuban national bureaucracy.
Rural Political Participation
While syndicalism has always struggled to find purchase and support in rural regions, Cuba has made a concerted national effort to do just that. Rural political and economic participation and its disposition has never been more satisfactory.
Democratic Vigilance
To ensure that the syndicalist system remains in place indefinitely, a large propaganda campaign has instilled a renewed political consciousness in the people.
Stable Syndicalist Democracy
Syndicalist Democracy has been fully established in Cuba.
Academic Expansion
Cuba has made a significant investment in improving the capabilities of its university system and military research and development network.
Egalitarian Economics
While Marx denounced the universal pursuit of equality as an ideological rather than intellectual discipline and imperialists care for anything but, here in Cuba is the pursuit of that egalitarian dream. Free from the trappings of both syndicalism and capitalism, through pragmatic and socially minded economic policy, one day no Cuban need suffer in any capacity.
Rally for Democracy
Thanks to its highly machismo regime's emphasis on popular vigilance, Cuba has seen a wave of military enlistment and increased militarism among its population.
Anti-Socialist Campaign
The Cuban government is engaged in a campaign of persecution and intimidation meant to dissuade the people from even so much as associating with socialists.
Emerging Meritocracy
The Cuban bureaucracy, while not free from nepotism and dishonesty has been cleaned up to such a high standard that it could be considered as close to a true meritocracy as is achievable in practice.
Popular Appeasement
Cuba has begrudgingly heeded the demands of an enraged subsection of its population and put a handful of fall men from the Vázquez regime on trial.
Cuban Manufacturing Support
While its contribution is small in comparison to the grand scope of the American Civil War, Cuban industrial support has had a noticeable impact on its American ally.
Socialist Intervention
Cuba has provided military support to [WCA.GetNameDef] in the American Civil War.
(§Y[WCA.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_three_tt$
Federal Intervention
Cuba has provided military support to the Federal Government in the American Civil War.
(§Y[USA.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_three_tt$
Longist Intervention
Cuba has provided military support to [APG.GetNameDef] in the American Civil War.
(§Y[APG.GetNameWithFlag]§!) $volunteer_limit_plus_three_tt$
Oversight Resistance
Even with the most troublesome elements within the army dealt with, the establishment of a governmental committee dedicated to overseeing and scrutinising military activity and decisions has led to anger within the armed forces.
Popular Optimism
Cuba has accomplished much to fulfil the great dream of Jose Martí and the people are optimistic about the nation's future.
Peace In Our Time
The Cuban nationalist regime works to eliminate the final pockets of open resistance to its rule.
Autocratic Constitution
The Cuban military regime has developed a new founding document moulded to lend legitimacy to its political goals and promote the centralisation of political power.
Pulling On The Strings
The Cuban military regime has formalised its global network of criminal and business contacts to augment its diplomatic efforts and increase its international influence.
Ersatz Autocracy
Gradually, the Cuban military regime has become a true autocracy with power fully centralised in the hands of the President and all aspects of life brought under the purview of the state.
Copied German High Command
Cuba has reorganised its military command structure on a painstakingly replicated direct copy of the German model.
Targeted Work And Educational Programmes
Cuba has created new social programmes designed to encourage the educational attainment and working skill of its black population.
Office Of American Affairs
While it seeks to maintain peace and cooperation with its American neighbour to the north, the Cuban regime has established the new 'Office of American Affairs' with an ulterior motive: the study of American military tactics, potentially by means of espionage.
Fiscal Independence
Cuba has regained full control over its financial system and brought foreign companies in the field more in line with its national interests.
Perceptive Politics
Cuba teeters on a knife edge surrounded by a great sea of tyranny and foreign domination. To maintain the status quo, Cuban politicians and civil servants receive extensive formal education in subjects relevant to their occupation which would certainly be considered unsavoury by the standards of any honest man.
Friendly Democracy
While Cuba has undergone serious political reform, its regime remains fundamentally much the same as that which we installed in the wake of its short-lived socialist revolution.
Economic Rapprochement Drive
Cuba has invested heavily in repairing the damage done to the nation's civic integrity by years of dictatorship and military subversion.
Manufacturing Canadian Arms
Cuba is manufacturing Canadian small arms in support of the latter's war against [WCA.GetNameDef].
Deep Roots
To gain the upper hand, the competing Revolucionario and Comunista factions have established parallel systems of political organisation. While these systems are sustain entirely by raiding state coffers, these otherwise predatory institutions are a nightmare for would-be invaders.
A Peculiar Diplomacy
Just in case, both the Revolucionarios and Comunistas have stockpiled large quantities of munitions purchased from foreign, often ideologically opposed, nations. Despite the obvious problems with such a reality, this has naturally moulded many party men into skilled negotiators.
Renewed Intra-Socialist Conflict
Conflict between the Revolucionarios and Comunistas has reached a boiling point.
Resource Expansion
Decisions in this category allow for the further development of natural resources.
Construct First Rubber Plantation
With initial experiments with rubber cultivation successful, the time has come to construct the first true rubber plantation.
Establish More Rubber Plantations
Our nation can still support more rubber and further financial support should be given to the creation of new plantations.
Military Decisions
Decisions in this category pertain to our military and its leadership.
Fate of Belligerent Officers
The leadership of those elements of the military hostile to our government have been captured and are awaiting their fate.
Socialist Decisions
Decisions in this category are unique to a Socialist Cuba
Assess National Symbols
While our flag and other symbols of our country are intimately connected with our history and the struggle for independence, many national symbols also have a distasteful connection to reactionary ideals and practices. Some within our government have proposed replacing such symbols with ones that are uniquely socialist.
Reform The Militias
The impromptu militia-based military structure cemented in the aftermath of the revolution is considered by many to be a threat to our nation's stability and national security. They argue that it must be reformed with the militias brought fully under the command of our central military command structure.
Modify Economic Direction
With the tyrants thrown out, we must now work to eliminate the institutional changes they made to our nation's economic apparatus. The type of economy they sought to affect cannot be allowed to come forth.
Pacify the Dissidents
Cease Trade With [FROM.GetNameDef]
Our internal political situation has been stabilised and with it, we are no longer desperate for foreign capital. Let us stand arm in arm with our socialist brothers and cease all trade to and from [FROM.GetNameDef].
Shady Decisions
Decisions in this category regard dealings with organised crime.
Integrate American Advisors
With some of America's most powerful criminal syndicates now firmly in our camp, we should begin to begin to bring some of their most politically savvy men into our government. While they may be useful though, such unsavoury fellows will, of course, be closely monitored.
Foreign Policy Decisions
Decisions in this category relate to foreign policy and interactions with other nations.
Join [From.GetNameDef]'s Faction
We previously formed a bilateral pact with [From.GetNameDef]. Now that they are formally part of a faction, we should join them.
Improve Diplomatic Training
Our diplomatic institutions are underdeveloped and as a result, we invest far too much political capital into managing our foreign relations. We should look to foreign nations as models for reform.
Arm [From.GetNameDef]
Central America has erupted in war and our ideological brethren in [From.GetNameDef] are under attack! We should send them whatever stockpiled weapons we can spare.
American Civil War Decisions
Decisions which relate to the American Civil War.
Send Materiel to [WCA.GetNameDef]
We can produce war materiel for [WCA.GetNameDef]'s war effort. While smuggling the supplies into their territory may be tough, we believe it is feasible.
Send Materiel to the Federal Government
We can produce war materiel for the Federal Government's war effort. While smuggling the supplies into their territory may be tough, we believe it is feasible.
Send Materiel to [ACC.GetNameDef]
We can produce war materiel for [ACC.GetNameDef]'s war effort. While smuggling the supplies into their territory may be tough, we believe it is feasible.
Send Materiel to [APG.GetNameDef]
We can produce war materiel for [APG.GetNameDef]'s war effort. While smuggling the supplies into their territory may be tough, we believe it is feasible.
Clandestine Operations
With [WCA.GetNameDef] crushed by reactionaries, we can at least support those, few in number as they may be, socialists who remain in the United States resisting capitalist domination. This should at least undermine the stability of the remaining factions in the war.
'Germanesque' Decisions
Decisions in this category involve emulating the aesthetic of the German Empire.
Begin Redeveloping Havana
Havana lacks the grandeur of Europe's great cities. We must begin to prepare it for a great campaign of redevelopment. Out with the old and in with the new.
Monument Drive
While it is certainly a splendid jewel, Havana lacks those great monuments which define European cities. Let us build.
Street Widening
With the city ready, we can now widen the city's central streets, tearing down and moving buildings as need be.
Interwoven Fortifications
The city of Havana must not only be great, but easily defended. The new city plan allows grand fortifications to be built without compromise within the city proper.
Germanesque Styling
To begin to adapt the German model for our military, the troops must be restyled. We should produce uniforms and ceremonial equipment copied from those use by Germany and begin to introduce accompanying German military drilling styles.
Copy Unit Structure
German unit structures proved superior in the Weltkrieg and we would be well served to copy their organisation.
Germanesque High Command
Our military administration, while it has been greatly reformed and modernised, still pales in comparison to that of Germany. Let us copy and adapt the German high command.
A mere seven years since the overthrow of American-backed dictator Gerardo Machado, Cuba again teeters on the edge of political upheaval. The regime of young President Rafael Trejo has steadily lost control over the Army and the civilian government's political authority has all but completely eroded. As radicals both right and left threaten the country, the military may well take full control as soon as an opportunity presents itself.
GFX_CUB_intro
Cuba: A Brief History
Cuba, having gained independence only in 1902, is a young nation. While many in the United States seem almost certain that the island will one day become another US State, Cubans hold their national identity close to their hearts. Throughout its first twenty-five years of self-rule, Cuba was plagued by political turmoil caused by American meddling in its internal affairs. On the twentieth of September, 1928, however, Cuban anger towards increasingly dictatorial president, Gerardo Machado, and his American puppet-masters seemed to boil over. By morning the next day, Cuba had a new government comprised of moderates, nationalists, and socialists alike and renewed hope for the future. Even when the leadership of this fleeting caretaker government was forced to appoint the young and inexperienced Rafael Trejo as President, Cubans remained cautiously optimistic. This was not to last.\n\nThe new regime, while resentful towards the United States, was forced to make concessions to the America-backed Army to maintain power and nominal authority as it struggled to rein in the effects of the Great Depression. By 1935, the coalition of revolutionaries which had toppled Machado was on the verge of collapse, and on election day, tensions between supporters of the Auténtic and Socialist parties boiled over. In the aftermath of that infamous day when the streets of Havana ran red, the socialists and Auténticos alike were expelled from congress and the moderates of the governing Unionist party then found themselves the only true opposition to the Army's influence, with what remained of the 'old-guard', supporters of the Liberal party and its more conservative allies, more concerned with securing power than preserving Cuban democracy. New elections for both the congress and the office of the Presidency are scheduled for the twenty-eighth of January, 1936, and as that date looms, so too, seemingly, does the fate of Cuba.
§MUnionistas / Nuevo Liberales / Republicano§! ($social_democrat_coloured$ / $social_liberal_coloured$ / $market_liberal_coloured$)\n£white_dot In the January 1936 elections, elect any party.\n£white_dot When the strikes break out, choose offer concessions for peace, or continue to work with Díaz, the choice dependent on the current government.\n£white_dot Don't sign the National Protection Act, i.e., \
Special General Election
With the fall of Machado, the Cuban political landscape shifted dramatically. Machado's Liberal party, to which the majority of Cuba's Presidents belonged, and which was undoubtedly the most powerful political entity in the country, collapsed. Shortly before the ill-fated 1935 election cycle, the two largest successors to the Liberal Party, the Republican and New Liberal parties, entered into a coalition with the so-called 'Democratic Movement' of conservative ex-president, Mario García Menocal. Together, this coalition represents a legitimate challenge to the governing Unionist party of Rafael Trejo. The American-backed military, which has grown increasingly influential in the nation's political scene, has endorsed the former Liberal party Senate President, Clemente Vázquez Bello, as its Presidential candidate, and many Cubans worry that the military may attempt to intimidate voters or otherwise extra-legally skew the results of election. Vázquez's relationship with the Military is in of itself complex, as despite the Military's ties to the United States, it does strive to maintain total political independence, whereas Vázquez would seemingly be content to become little more than an American puppet. Necessity does indeed make strange bedfellows. Also, while many support the Auténticos or Socialists, those organisations have been declared illegal and thus are barred from participating in the election.
Trejo is re-elected.
Coalition victory.
Vázquez, the army's man.
The New Cabinet
In a gesture of goodwill, following the Student Revolution, then interim President Trejo offered key cabinet positions to members of the Liberal Party. This practice was continued after the last election. Should this new tradition be upheld or should our highest ministers be drawn only from our own party?
Unity cabinet.
Mixed cabinet.
American selected cabinet.
Double-Dip Recession
The Cuban people still reel from the Great Depression, which never truly came to an end, despite the limited success of President Trejo's economic policies. Now, the collapse of the German economy has reverberated throughout the world. Our nation has not been spared, and we are rapidly entering a period of renewed economic decline. Many Cubans speak openly about the radical proposals of the Socialists and Auténticos and doubt the ability of our government to deal with the crisis.
Dear God...
Havana General Strike
In an attempt to capitalise on the turmoil brought on by renewed economic hardship, the Socialist Movement, officially outlawed following last year's election bloodbath, have emerged seemingly stronger than ever to stage protests throughout the city of Havana accompanied by a general strike. The strike has paralysed most of the city's major industries and sent the civilian government into panic. While so far Socialist activity has been limited to Havana proper, it appears to be growing rapidly. If left unchecked, the strike and general chaos could very well consume the entire nation. The military, headed by General Díaz, have been hesitant to act, and without their support, suppressing the strike will undoubtedly prove difficult. Fortunately, however, some opposition figures have expressed their willingness to end the strike in exchange for certain concessions from the government. For now, we can only wait and prepare to put an end to the strike one way or another.
Horrid!
Dealing with the Strike
As was feared, the turmoil in Havana has not dissipated. Indeed, it has only grown and even infected other major cities throughout the country. Worse yet, guerrillas under the command of Socialist strongman Juan Blas Hernández, long relegated to the mountainous jungles of the south, have begun to raid nearby villages. The syndicalist paramilitary organisation, Joven Cuba has likewise resurfaced and begun a campaign of violence against government buildings and workers. While those elements of the military loyal to the civilian government have been critical in containing the chaos, Díaz and the majority of the army still refuse to act. While we can attempt to suppress the strike with what units we have available, that will likely prove insufficient and only serve to galvanise opposition. What should be done?
As was feared, the turmoil in Havana has not dissipated. Indeed, it has only grown and even infected other major cities throughout the country. Worse yet, guerrillas under the command of Socialist strongman Juan Blas Hernández, long relegated to the mountainous jungles of the south, have begun to raid nearby villages. The syndicalist paramilitary organisation, Joven Cuba has likewise resurfaced and begun a campaign of violence against government buildings and workers. While President Vázquez has successfully appealed to he and Díaz's mutual benefactors in Washington to force the General into suppressing the strike, still the turmoil persists, and it is apparent that Díaz still refuses to commit the majority of his forces. What should be done?
Publicly offer concessions for peace.
Attempt to suppress the strike.
Continue to work with Díaz.
To hell with Díaz, we'll end this alone
National Protection Act
In the wake of the strike, congress has narrowly passed a bill suspending many civil liberties and empowering the executive to suppress opposition by any means necessary. Without a Presidential signature, the bill will certainly not accrue the required legislative support to be enacted regardless. President Vázquez has expressed his whole-hearted support for the bill and will undoubtedly give it his signature.
In the wake of the strike, congress has narrowly passed a bill suspending many civil liberties and empowering the executive to suppress opposition by any means necessary. Without a Presidential signature, the bill will certainly not accrue the required legislative support to be enacted regardless. President Céspedes has not formerly indicated his intention. It is speculated that while he personally supports the bill, he fears the potential backlash in his breaking his earlier promises to the leaders of the strike.
In the wake of the strike, congress has narrowly passed a bill suspending many civil liberties and empowering the executive to suppress opposition by any means necessary. Without a Presidential signature, the bill will certainly not accrue the required legislative support to be enacted regardless. President Trejo has openly expressed disgust at the mere existence of the bill and is certain to not give it his signature and has reasserted his commitment to making good on his promises to the strike's leaders. Perhaps if the Presidential Election had ended in a different result, the bill would have a chance at being enacted.
This isn't worth the paper it's written on!
Sign it.
Chaos
Our efforts to stop the strike failed; chaos consumed Havana and quickly swept the nation. With the civilian government fleeing the capital and its authority completely eroded, General Díaz made his move. All roads in and out of Havana were blocked by army units and several major government buildings came under military control. Now, a great standoff has developed just outside of the Presidential Palace, where the last revolution also came to a head, between armed protestors organised in an impromptu militia structure and Díaz's army. The winner it seems, will take all.
The Army disperses the strikers.
The strikers repulse the army.
Auténtic Paramilitaries
While the general strike succeeded in toppling the government and breaking the army, its internal divisions between moderates and radicals, and even between different socialist factions, prevented any new government from being formed. Seeing an opportunity, the Auténticos, who had laid low throughout the turmoil, once again emerged. Their paramilitaries, which have only grown in strength and discipline since their criminalisation, have already captured several important towns and cities. They are now readying to take complete control of the city of Havana, once and for all putting an end to their bitter rivals and former allies, the socialists. If the atrocities they have already committed against those accused of holding socialist sentiments in the areas under Auténtic control are any indication, Havana's streets will again run red.
Socialists repulse the Auténticos.
Auténticos seize Havana.
The Cuban Revolution
At last, with the Auténtico threat overcome, a new socialist government has been formed. While the old Constitution currently remains in effect and no significant structural reforms have yet been passed, Socialists have taken full control of the state. Antonio Guiteras of the dominant syndicalist faction within the rapidly disintegrating umbrella party, the 'Socialist Movement', has been appointed interim President while the form and structure of the regime is cemented. Already, bands of revolutionaries loyal to the new regime have stormed several American-owned plantations and done unspeakable things to any Americans found. As well, the militias, which were key to the success of the revolution, have been organised into the new Cuban Revolutionary Army.
Break the chains.
Socialist Power Struggle
Once united in opposition, the various factions within the ruling 'Socialist Movement' coalition have been unable to cooperate and the resulting gridlock has prevented reform. The revolution, it seems, has been put on hold while its greatest exponents squabble. President Guiteras has worked tirelessly to resolve the various disputes at the heart of the gridlock, and in a last-ditch effort to preserve the revolution, Guiteras has proposed for the existing governmental structure to be thrown out entirely and an All-Socialist Congress be held to definitively set such issues to rest. Behind this veneer of benevolence however, the President fears the worst and has begun to quietly assemble an impromptu force of his most loyal supporters. Should the other factions not accept his proposal, he will move to occupy the legislature.
The congress is called.
The congress is refused.
Agrarian Direction
During Comrade Mella's long exile in Mexico, he did not simply allow the world to pass him by. He knew that the day would again come that Cuba would call on him. He spent much of his exile immersing himself in Mexico's own foray into the light of Socialism. While there, his already atypical dedication to the largely moribund ideals of the unsuccessful revolution in Russia and unequivocal rejection of syndicalism were tempered by the success of Mexico's agrarianism. He subsequently theorised an entirely new strain of Socialism tailored to the realities of an agrarian nation such as Cuba. 'Transformationism', as he labels it, advocates the complete and unending mobilisation of rural labourers as the only way to achieve a Utopian society. Socialist Democracy, which Mella championed while a student a decade ago, he now says is a farce, a mere distraction from the ultimate goal of societal transformation so complete that true democracy can be achieved. At last, now President, Mella's ideas can be put into practice.
During Comrade Mella's long exile in Mexico, he did not simply allow the world to pass him by. He knew that the day would again come that Cuba would call on him. He spent much of his exile immersing himself in Mexico's own foray into the light of Socialism. While there, his already atypical dedication to the largely moribund ideals of the unsuccessful revolution in Russia and unequivocal rejection of syndicalism were tempered by the success of Mexico's agrarianism. He subsequently theorised an entirely new strain of Socialism tailored to the realities of an agrarian nation such as Cuba. 'Transformationism', as he labels it, advocates the complete and unending mobilisation of rural labourers as the only way to achieve a Utopian society. Socialist Democracy, which Mella championed while a student a decade ago, he now says is a farce, a mere distraction from the ultimate goal of societal transformation so complete that true democracy can be achieved. As part of our agreement with now Secretary Mella, many of his ideas have become integral to the structure of our government and can now be put fully into practice.
Shunning the comfort that the station of his family provided him for the cause of those afflicted by rural poverty, few understand the necessity of rural development as acutely as Comrade Blas. With Comrade Blas now at the helm of our government, our primary policy focus should be the empowerment of the rural peasantry and the development of the many small villages which dot the countryside as well as the democratisation of the now state-controlled plantations which serve as the backbone of the rural economy. To do so, it is necessary that the people own the lands they work while still owing responsibility to state production directives. As such, these newly created parcels shall be grouped geographically with each region electing from amongst itself representatives to act as liaisons between it and our government.
A bold new direction.
Nothing can stop the revolution.
Industrial Direction
Comrade Peña, as new President and General Secretary of the Socialist Party seeks to do much the same now as he did as an aspiring young labour activist, fight wholeheartedly for the emancipation of the humble labourer, no matter the cost. To accomplish this, Peña has created and now begun to implement a plan to encourage our nation to rapidly industrialise.
Comrade Guiteras, with his position now secure, can at last implement his reforms. Once a disciple of Mella, Guiteras has increasingly assimilated syndicalist ideas into his own platform. An ideal society, he says, must be democratic yet perpetually willing to do whatever necessary to repel transgressions against it. As a small nation, Cuba can only ever attain that ideal through efficient industrial development and the pursuit of productivity.
Compromise rules the day, and while Congress has agreed to an economic platform similar to that advocated by Comrade Guiteras, concessions to both the Comunistas and Revolucionarios have been made. Cuban socialism must at its core promote economic democratisation without compromising the social consciousness of the people or the productivity of society.
A new dawn for Cuba.
¡Viva Cuba Libre!
Return of Julio Mella
Socialist student leader and mentor of President Guiteras, Julio Mella McPartland, was forced into exile in Mexico by the Machado regime and barred from returning by the ensuing Trejo government - an initial point of contention between Trejo and his Socialist then-allies. With the revolution, Mella has sent for permission to return to Cuba along with asylum for his Italian wife, who has grown increasingly at odds with the Mexican government. Advocating strongly on his behalf is Comrade Junco, who went with Mella into exile before returning in late 1928.
Allow him to return.
Deny his request.
Socialist Revolution in Cuba
Dire news has arrived from Cuba today. After weeks of instability and despite providing the Cuban military with ample equipment and training, Socialist agitators have overthrown the Cuban government. Worse, many American-owned plantations and other enterprises have been taken-over by Socialist hooligans. Already, the staff and Marines at our embassy in Havana are readying themselves to evacuate at a moment's notice. Something... anything must be done to stop this madness.
Prepare to intervene.
Be diplomatic.
Reasserting Control Over Cuba
We cannot sit idly by as American blood is spilled on foreign soil and liberty is extinguished. An embargo has already been declared on Cuban goods and obviously, we must directly undermine the new Cuban regime, but how?
Give clandestine support to dissidents.
Organise a coup immediately.
United States Supports Dissidents
Following the routine arrest of a violent dissident, a most troubling discovery was made. Upon interrogation, the man revealed that he had received a supply of weapons and ammunition from a small boat originating in the United States. It has quickly become apparent due to an uptick in violence that this is not an isolated occurrence.
Damn the Americans.
Whispers of a Coup
The streets of Havana are quiet... too quiet. Where just yesterday dozens of reactionaries were caught plotting our downfall and more were stopped attempting to carry out such foolish fantasies, now there exists only an eerie silence and an atmosphere so thick with tension the cruel fingers of reaction could almost be physically felt pulling it taut. Whispers of American activity and an impending coup abound. While these rumours cannot be verified, surely something is happening? Right? Regardless, we must prepare for what is to come.
Prepare for the worst.
American-Backed Coup
After days of heightened security in an around Havana and heightened military alert, the rumoured coup attempt has come to fruition. In the early hours of the morning, small groups of well-armed reactionaries rose up in every major city. After several hours of fighting, the attempt seemed destined to fail, but just as our success seemed all but assured, horrible news reached the capital: seemingly from nowhere, a force of several thousand led by none other than General Díaz, who had seemingly vanished following the success of the revolution, had landed around the village of Trinidad and seized control of the area. With the army occupied suppressing insurrection, mounting an effective defence has thus far proven difficult and Díaz has taken control of much of central Cuba, splitting our forces in two. He now marches his army towards Havana. It appears that he also has significant support in the form of poorly disguised American aircraft and surely set sail from the United States himself. The next few hours will decide the fate of our nation.
Díaz's army is defeated.
Díaz seizes control.
Responding to the Coup
As the reactionary rabble swept across the country, seeming to turn back the great march of progress with each step, a miracle befell our nation. From the outskirts of Pinar Del Rio, after days of heavy fighting against reactionary insurrection, a great many armed patriots rushed to Havana's defence. The ensuing battle just to the south of the city was the bloodiest on our nation's soil since the war of independence, but in spite of the odds, our men emerged triumphant, killing general Díaz in the process. [Root.GetLeader] has given a rousing speech from the balcony of the Presidential palace denouncing the United States for its hand in the coup attempt and boasted of the total defeat of American imperialism. As well, due to the comprehensive nature of the attempted coup, the strength of reactionary dissent in our nation has severely diminished.
A great victory!
Cuban Coup Fails
Our attempted coup in Cuba has failed and with it our influence there has been further diminished. Future efforts to defeat their barbaric regime will surely prove more favourable, but no such opportunity yet presents itself.
Horrible!
Cuban Coup Succeeds
Our coup in Cuba has succeeded and a new government led by General Martin Díaz has been established. Díaz, however, despite our benevolence towards him, has refused to return land owned by American citizens and companies which were unjustly seized by the Socialists. While this is obviously a betrayal, it may be best to drop the issue an accept the monetary compensation Cuba has offered instead. With Díaz at the helm, Cuba will surely be stable and receptive to our diplomatic endeavours. What should be done?
Restore diplomatic relations.
Pressure him to accept.
Marines in Havana
Our gamble in Cuba has succeeded. A small contingent of Marines has taken control of Havana with the support of the Cuban Progressive Party and established a new government. General Díaz and his ilk have been arrested and await the decision of the new Cuban President, Clemente Vázquez Bello.
Success!
US Demands Concessions
Under Socialist rule many of the large American-owned plantations and estates were seized by the state. President Díaz, recognising the value of these properties refused to return these assets and instead offer monetary compensation. While it was initially thought that the United States would consider such an action only a minor slight, it has responded aggressively, all but threatening to invade Cuba to re-establish its control over the plantations. Should we accede to their demand?
We have no choice.
Never.
Cuba Accepts
Cuba has accepted our demand for control over properties seized by the former socialist government. Tensions have quickly dissipated and the embargo has been lifted.
Great!
Cuba Refuses
Cuba has refused our demand for control over properties seized by the former socialist government. The State Department has been sent scrambling to find some solution to the problem, and overwhelmingly, the recommendation is to simply come to terms with the new Cuban regime and focus on developing our relationship. However, some also assert that we should threaten the Cubans with direct intervention, or perhaps even immediately intervene in the country. Which option is preferable?
Back Down.
Threaten them.
Intervene now.
US Backs Down
The United States has abandoned its attempt to cow us into submission. Diplomatic and economic ties between our two nations, severed following the Socialist Revolution, have been restored.
David has slain Goliath.
US Threatens Intervention
In response to our continued refusal to agree to return formerly American-owned plantations, the United States has openly threatened to overthrow our government. We will almost certainly be unable to properly defend against such an action. Has the time come to bend the knee?
We can defy them no more.
We shall never give in!
Cuba Remains Defiant
Despite our threats, Cuba still defies us. While conceding now would be an embarrassment, the other option, to send in the marines and seize Havana, poses great risk.
It's too great a risk.
Send in the Marines.
American Marines in Havana
As was feared, the Americans have made good on their threats. In the early hours of the morning, several hundred American Marines suddenly appeared throughout Havana as if from nowhere and took control of most of the city, placing General Díaz and other military leaders under arrest. American puppet, Clemente Vázquez Bello, has been installed as President and the legislature filled with his supporters.
A new overlord.
Start of the Revolutionary Congress
The proposed All-Socialist Revolutionary Congress was found acceptable to all factions. Today, delegates from each faction and representatives of several unions and organisations critical to the success of the revolution have convened in the Capitol Building to develop a framework for a new government and draft a constitution. While most proposed resolutions have passed nearly unanimously, most notably, a new unicameral legislative structure was agreed upon and the illegality of non-Socialist political parties confirmed, one in particular was a source of conflict: the power and structure of the executive. Trabajadores delegates proposed that the executive be much the same as it has been - directly elected, independent and both head of the government and the state as well as head of the party apparatus. Comunista delegates argued in response that the executive must be appointed by the party to assure the development of Socialism in the face of reactionary infiltration of the legislature. Revolucionario delegates, outraged by both proposals instead put forth that the head of government and the party should be elected by members of the elected legislature and accountable to it. As well, the Presidency should be held in common by several popularly elected councilors nominally headed by the head of the legislature.
The proposed All-Socialist Revolutionary Congress was found acceptable to all factions. Today, delegates from each faction and representatives of several unions and organisations critical to the success of the revolution have convened in the Capitol Building to develop a framework for a new government and draft a constitution. While most proposed resolutions have passed nearly unanimously, most notably, a new unicameral legislative structure was agreed upon and the illegality of non-Socialist political parties confirmed, one in particular was a source of conflict: the power and structure of the executive. Trabajadores delegates proposed that the executive be much the same as it has been - directly elected, independent and both head of the government and the state as well as head of the party apparatus. Comunista delegates argued in response that the executive must be appointed by the party to assure the development of Socialism in the face of reactionary infiltration of the legislature. Revolucionario delegates, outraged by both proposals instead put forth that the head of government and the party should be elected by members of the elected legislature and accountable to it. As well, the executive should be held in common by several popularly elected councilors nominally headed by the head of the legislature. In a move which shocked President Guiteras, his old mentor and friend, Mella, was among the harshest critics of the Trabajadores' plan, and even levelled insults against him personally.
Keep the presidency.
Replace it with the council.
Strengthen the presidency.
Issue Two: Status of the Judiciary
After another day of progress, the Congress again hit a major roadblock: the Judiciary. The Trabajadores wish for judges to be directly elected by the people and serve only to preside over an elected council of jurors in each case. Other functions of a judge should be done collectively by these jurors. The Revolucionarios have mostly agreed to this proposal, but object to the election of jurors, instead proposing that they be methodically selected from the citizenry. The Comunistas reject the entire proposal instead preferring that judges be appointed by the executive and that no jury system be implemented.
After another day of progress, the Congress again hit a major roadblock: the Judiciary. The Trabajadores wish for judges to be directly elected by the people and serve only to preside over an elected council of jurors in each case. Other functions of a judge should be done collectively by these jurors. The Revolucionarios have mostly agreed to this proposal, but object to the election of jurors, instead proposing that they be methodically selected from the citizenry. The Comunistas reject the entire proposal instead preferring that judges be appointed by the executive and that no jury system be implemented. As well, Mella was once again constantly at Guiteras' throat, and his time many delegates from the Comunista party seemed to emulate his sentiments. Even Comrade Peña seemed enraptured with Mella and his wild rants against the Trabajadores.
Elected jury.
Selected jury.
Presidential appointment.
Issue Three: Unionisation
Throughout the entire Congress, the issue of Unionisation and the status of the many labour unions in Cuba has caused conflict and subsequently been pushed back on the congressional agenda. With the Congress coming to an end, it must now be addressed. The Trabajadores support mandatory union membership for all citizens depending on their occupation and integrating labour unions into the administrative structure of most localities with the eventual goal of unions becoming the primary institution of government and directly involved in the national political process. The Revolucionarios believe that union membership should be voluntary and their influence on government be purely local. The Comunistas advocate bringing all labour unions under the authority of a single state-controlled bureaucratic entity linked to the party.
Throughout the entire Congress, the issue of Unionisation and the status of the many labour unions in Cuba has caused conflict and subsequently been pushed back on the congressional agenda. With the Congress coming to an end, it must now be addressed. The Trabajadores support mandatory union membership for all citizens depending on their occupation and integrating labour unions into the administrative structure of most localities with the eventual goal of unions becoming the primary institution of government and directly involved in the national political process. The Revolucionarios believe that union membership should be voluntary and their influence on government be purely local. The Comunistas advocate bringing all labour unions under the authority of a single state-controlled bureaucratic entity linked to the party. Strangely, the Comunista position was not outlined by Comrade Peña, it was Comrade Mella who spoke to ravenous applause. It seems that he has become extremely influential within the Comunista faction.
Integrate the unions.
Maintain voluntary membership.
Amalgamate them.
Trabajadores Victory
The Trabajadores of incumbent President Guiteras have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. Many within the Socialist Movement, however, were not pleased. Julio Mella even stormed out of the chamber after the latest Trabajadores political victories and promised to exact punishment on Guiteras. He and many supporters from within the Comunista faction have attempted to do just that. As Guiteras was walking out of the Presidential Palace a mob suddenly descended on him, killed his guards, and took him hostage. Meanwhile, several Comunista congressman openly brandished weapons in the hall of congress, calling for the abrogation of the new constitution and the appointment of Mella as President. So far, skirmishes between pro and anti-Mella gangs have been contained to the edges of Havana, but this coup attempt still threatens the stability of the new government, especially with Guiteras under their power.
The coup fails.
The coup succeeds.
Trabajadores Victory
The Trabajadores of incumbent President Guiteras have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. Guiteras has been allowed to retain his position as President, despite calls for new elections by some members of the Revolucionario faction. It seems syndicalism has come to the Caribbean.
A victory for syndicalism.
Revolucionario Victory
The Revolucionarios of Juan Blas Hernández have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. While many hold Blas in disdain for his relatively moderate position on many issues and accuse him of flirting with the bourgeoisie the revolution struggled against, he is loved by rural labourers. After years of commanding anti-government guerrillas, he is undoubtedly a skilled leader of men. The victory, however, has driven the increasingly prominent Julio Mella to action. Mella ascended to the forefront of the Comunista faction in wake of their defeat and the young Peña's increasing irrelevance. Despite holding Juan Blas in high regard, Mella also believes that his ideals flirt dangerous close with social democracy. Mella has demanded that the honourable to a fault Blas agree to implement key aspects of his economic platform, which shares many similarities with Blas's own, in exchange for his full support for Blas's government.
Accept his proposal.
We won't be blackmailed!
Revolucionario Victory
The Revolucionarios of Juan Blas Hernández have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. While many hold Blas in disdain for his relatively moderate position on many issues and accuse him of flirting with the bourgeoisie the revolution struggled against, he is loved by rural labourers. After years of commanding anti-government guerrillas he is undoubtedly a skilled leader of men.
The voice of the voiceless!
Comunista Victory
The Comunistas have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. While they were originally expected to appoint Lázaro Peña González as interim President, instead, the increasingly prominent Julio Mella McPartland has been selected and sworn in as President. Mella's views are still somewhat unknown to those outside his immediate circle, but it is rumoured that his views changed drastically while in exile in Mexico. Regardless, Cuba is definitely entering uncharted territory politically.
A new Cuba dawns.
Comunista Victory
The Comunistas of Lázaro Peña González have emerged from the Congress as the most influential faction with the Socialist Movement. Peña advocates rapid state-sponsored industrialisation and supports the largely antiquated idea that a socialist government must act as the vanguard in the transition to a socialist system.
Cuba reborn!
No Majority
The All-Socialist Congress has ended much the same as it began - in gridlock. No party has won a majority and many key issues remain only partially resolved. Fortunately, however, in a compromise between the Revolucionarios and Trabajadores, Guiteras has agreed to step down in favour of the more moderate Raul Roa García and promised key governmental positions to the Revolucionarios in exchange for their continued support and cooperation. While political parties are officially banned, this is as near to a coalition government as is possible. While angry at their exclusion, the Comunistas have nonetheless begrudgingly indicated their support for the new government.
A coalition is formed.
Dealing with Mella
For several long hours, Guiteras remained defiant in spite of the brutality visited upon him by Mella's goons. In that time, the coup was put down and after a short but bloody gun fight, Guiteras was rescued. The coup has failed and Mella has been taken into custody. While it would be easy to have him executed, and he surely deserves that fate, some small part of Guiteras remembers the man who first instilled in him the revolutionary consciousness that would define his adult life and pities the man enough to spare him. What should be Mella's fate?
Goodbye old friend.
Let him rot in prison.
Dealing with Guiteras
With a gun to his head, that poor fool Guiteras squealed like a pig, begging for his life after only a brief moment of defiance. Ultimately his lack of resolve and acquiescence to Mella's demands enabled the coup attempt to succeed. Now, the victorious Mella must only give the slightest indication and his old friend Guiteras will be strung up like so many reactionaries during the revolution.
Goodbye old friend.
Let him rot in prison.
Mella's Demands Refused
With his demands of the new government rejected, Mella has taken to the streets, rallying his supporters against it. While not advocating outright resistance, his ramblings have already put a dent in the integrity of the regime. It would be easy to imprison him and put a stop to his troublemaking once and for all, but that would seem to fly in the face of our principles.
Arrest him.
Let him rant.
Syndicalists Seize the Legislature
In a move not entirely surprising to those familiar with the authoritarian sentiments held by Guiteras and others within the Trabajadores faction, the legislature has been occupied by militias loyal to the President. The congress has been dissolved and a new impotent unicameral legislative branch established and filled nearly exclusively by Trabajadores with many dissidents within the socialist party promptly arrested. The outrage which has consumed those opposed to the move has necessitated that Havana be temporarily placed under martial law while order is restored. It appears, however, that no coordinated opposition to the new regime has emerged.
In a move not entirely surprising to those familiar with the authoritarian sentiments held by Guiteras and others within the Trabajadores faction, the legislature has been occupied by militias loyal to the President. The congress has been dissolved and a new impotent unicameral legislative branch established and filled nearly exclusively by Trabajadores with many dissidents within the socialist party promptly arrested. The outrage which has consumed those opposed to the move has necessitated that Havana be temporarily placed under martial law while order is restored. It is rumoured that opposition has rallied around the defiant Julio Mella, a seeming Messiah returned to lead the Cuban revolution to its true conclusion in the face of Guiteras' duplicity.
Great!
Worrying.
Hell in Havana
In the time since Guiteras and the Trabajadores took total control of the government, opposition under the leadership of Julio Mella steadily grew. Today, they have made their move. Militias loyal to the government have clashed with those which have defected to Mella's cause and Havana has once again become gripped by chaos. After hours of fighting, Mella was killed by a stray bullet and with news of his death, opposition slowly collapsed. The new syndicalist regime has withstood yet another challenge to its rule and again emerged triumphant.
With friends like these...
Hell in Havana
In the time since Guiteras and the Trabajadores took total control of the government, opposition under the leadership of Julio Mella steadily grew. Today, they have made their move. Militias loyal to the government have clashed with those which have defected to Mella's cause and Havana has once again become gripped by chaos. After hours of fighting, Guiteras was killed by a stray bullet and with news of his death, pro-government forces slowly collapsed. Mella has now been appointed President and has promised to reverse the half-measures undertaken by the Trabajadores and bring a more complete revolution to Cuba. Already, he has replaced the Trabajadores-dominated congress and an ideological purge has begun with the socialist party.
The true revolution!
Protecting the Revolution
The revolution is constantly under threat from within. It has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries. To that end, the governing Revolucionario faction has begun to organise from the ranks of its former guerrillas a group dedicated to rooting out cabals and individuals that conspire against our regime. Members of the faction, however, disagree as to how this new organisation should be structured. One idea involves establishing what amounts to a permanent guerrilla army separate from the armed forces. This new army would be embedded in society with each cell becoming intimately familiar with the geography of its immediate area, capable of quickly organising a local militia to combat whatever army or rebel group threatens its zone of operations. During times of peace, guerrillas would be tasked with covertly promoting the regime and revolutionary values. Some however, criticise this far-fetched idea on the basis that it does nothing to actually combat non-violent and advocate for a more conventional organisation which operates as a domestic intelligence agency in all but name. Further, this proposed organisation, referred to simply as 'The Department' would be integrated into the party apparatus to ensure its absolute loyalty.
It has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries. With the need for a new counter-revolutionary organisation increasing, General-Secretary Mella has brought forward a plan to reform several militia groups which have proven thoroughly loyal and fanatically revolutionary to into a new paramilitary secret police organisation known as the 'Revolutionary Guard'. Alternatively, Mella has noted that it may before more effective to task the new guard not with ensuring discipline and loyalty among the militias, but to focus on investigating dissent and inefficiency among officers and military administration. The only question now is where the foul stain of reaction is hiding.
Since its founding by Guiteras himself and subsequent radicalisation, Joven Cuba has been the foremost socialist paramilitary organisation in the country. Unfortunately, however, following the success of the revolution, it quickly fell in disrepair as the militias which were essential to the success of the Havana General Strike have taken on a much greater role both in safeguarding the party and the nation. Not one to forget his friends though, Guiteras has begun to attempt to revitalise the organisation. As it has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries, Joven Cuba's leadership has proposed that the organisation be integrated into the structure of the militias to monitor their loyalty and promote discipline, ensuring that the stain of reaction never spreads throughout the ranks. Guiteras himself, however, favours keeping the organisations separate and instead investing in transforming Joven Cuba into the official paramilitary wing of the entire Socialist Movement and task it with preventing reactionary influence on the bureaucracy.
The Confederación Nacional Obrera de Cuba (CNOC), one of the nation's largest trade unions before the revolution, gave significant support to Peña's proposals through the All-Socialist Congress and was integral in Comunista congressional victory. As it has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries, former members of the CNOC familiar with its operation have proposed to President Peña that the tactics the CNOC once employed against the old regime could still be relevant to the prevention of reactionary corruption. Specifically, CNOC was incredibly effective at promoting a socialist consciousness among Cuba's workers and its membership increased year on year without fail. This mass mobilisation could be utilised in one of two ways. Either relevant ex-CNOC members could be tasked with mobilising the bureaucracy to fight reaction there or do the same among the militias. The proposed name of the organisation is 'La Oficina De Revolución'
It has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries. With the need for a new counter-revolutionary organisation increasing, President Mella must consider an emerging plan to reform several militia groups which have proven thoroughly loyal and fanatically revolutionary to into a new paramilitary secret police organisation known as the 'Revolutionary Guard'. Alternatively, Mella has noted that it may before more effective to task the new guard not with ensuring discipline and loyalty among the militias, but to focus on investigating dissent and inefficiency among officers and military administration. The only question now is where the foul stain of reaction is hiding.
Since its founding by Guiteras himself and subsequent radicalisation, Joven Cuba has been the foremost socialist paramilitary organisation in the country. Unfortunately, however, following the success of the revolution, it quickly fell in disrepair as the militias which were essential to the success of the Havana General Strike have taken on a much greater role both in safeguarding the party and the nation. Comrade Roa has begun to attempt to revitalise the organisation while limiting Guiteras's personal influence. As it has become increasingly apparent that our nation will never truly be free from reactionary influence unless we actively combat counter-revolutionaries, Joven Cuba's leadership has proposed that the organisation be integrated into the structure of the militias to monitor their loyalty and promote discipline, ensuring that the stain of reaction never spreads throughout the ranks. Roa, however, favours keeping the organisations separate and instead investing in transforming Joven Cuba into the official paramilitary wing of the entire Socialist Movement and task it with preventing reactionary influence on the bureaucracy.
A permanent guerrilla force.
Organise the department.
Keep it separate.
Integrate it.
Search low.
Search high.
The bureaucracy.
The militias.
Blas's Coup
While Juan Blas Hernández and the Revolucionario faction of the Socialist Party had supported the overthrow of Guiteras in wake of his unlawful consolidation of power, Mella as President only proved to be more of a tyrant, immediately locking up political opponents and refusing to tolerate any opposition from within the party.\n\nNow, what started as a minor spat between Blas and one of Mella's many guards regarding the new President's strange personal eccentricities, has led Blas's infamous guerrillas to surround the Presidential Palace, apparently having secretly made their way north in stunning time. Whoever emerges victorious from the standoff, the Socialist Party will have been sufficiently exhausted of internal opposition.
The coup succeeds.
Long live Mella!
Revolutionary Democracy
With Mella, the people expected liberation and received despotism much like that of Machado. The Revolucionarios stand victorious, Mella's men are dead, and blood stains the gilded halls of the Presidential Palace. The man himself lies dead from a gunshot wound of his own making, and his wife and political protege, Tina Modotti, has vanished without a trace. Blas quickly announced the dissolution of the Socialist Party, angering many, and the new Revolucionario government's intent to establish a true democracy where any and all citizens may participate in the process of government free from the tyranny of both capitalism and perverse forms of socialism.
A bright future stained red.
In Control
When the last of the Revolucionario dissidents threw his hands up in surrender, President Mella had become the unchallenged master of Cuba. While many still oppose the new direction of the nation, none now have the ability to effectively challenge it. The fate of Blas is unknown; while some allege that he escaped the massacre at the Presidential Palace, the regime has declared him dead, though it has been unable to produce a body.
Resistance is futile.
Returning What Was Stolen
Following the revolution, many local elites, especially in the countryside, managed to resist initial attempts to forcibly seize their lands and assets. With the structure and direction of the government now sorted and in-fighting now longer rendering us impotent, those bourgeois who have managed to maintain their assets must be dealt with. While it is assumed and indeed expected that our regime forcibly deal with the problem, and failing to do so will not be popular, the economic disruption of such a seizure could have severe consequences on our nation.
Approve the idea.
It is too risky.
Redistribution
The decision to go through with the seizures has been made and with a healthy thousand militiamen around the country preparing to enforce the will of the people on these traitorous capitalists, there is no turning back. As news of the mobilisation has spread, some elite hold-outs have petitioned our government for clemency in exchange for their agreement to forfeit all but a small percentage of their wealth without a fight. They realise without a doubt that if a gang of militiamen descend upon their decadent estates, not only their property, but their very life is at stake.
Be diplomatic.
Roast the pigs!
The March On Havana
The motley band of socialist rabble-rousers that held the capital and the nation hostage were scattered to the wind with nary a shot fired. The Auténticos have seized control of Havana, the sound of their paramilitaries' boots against the ground as they marched down the hastily barricaded streets of the city in well-disciplined step seemingly all that could rise above the eerie din of desolation. Following Auténtico victory, known socialist figures who failed to escape the city were promptly brutalised by the Greenshirts, with or without the approval of Ramón Grau. This new government which has arisen is in some ways similar to the last, immediately promising economic reform and an end to foreign domination, but the radicalisation of the Auténtic party has left it with a burning hatred for socialism. Elections have been promised as well, much to the chagrin of the de-facto leaders of the Greenshirts.
¡Cuba Para Los Cubanos!
Seizing American Assets
The Americans have foolishly scorned our offer of diplomacy and have left us with no choice but to take anything and everything belonging to their agricultural robber barons!
The Americans and their businesses own most of our nation's plantations, and many of our own wealthy planters are beholden to them. The plantations themselves, however, do comprise a valuable sector of the economy and just taking them over with any sort of plan as to their continued use would be counter-productive. To avoid any disruption of the economy it may be best to formulate a compromise with the Americans whereby we pledge to continue to respect American-owned plantations in exchange for American acceptance of our right to regulate these plantations. Due to the need for a greater respect for our sovereignty, any agreement must be formulated on Cuban soil, preferably in Havana.
With the United States engulfed in civil war, those who wished to negotiate with the Americans have been silenced. There is no better opportunity to at last return Cuban lands to Cuban hands than right now. Let the Americans be damned!
No compromise.
Negotiate.
Dealing with the Socialists
Some pockets of socialist resistance continue to hold out against our government and commit heinous acts of violence and terror throughout the country. While many members of the Socialist Movement have managed to escape from the country, some, including that jackal Juan Blas Hernández remain in Cuba and must be dealt with.
Crush them.
Nationalist Revolution in Cuba
A group of nationalists, the Auténtico movement, has overthrown the Cuban government after weeks of strikes and protests by socialist sympathisers destabilised the old regime. While they have yet to move against our interests in Cuba, their rhetoric is firmly anti-American.
Worrying.
Cuba Seizes American Plantations
As was feared, the new Cuban nationalist government has violently seized control of plantations and other business owned by our citizens and Cubans friendly to our interests. Obviously, we must respond to such a slight, but to what extent?
Condemn the move.
Embargo and support opposition.
A Cuban-American Agricultural Summit?
Surprisingly, Cuba's nationalist government has approached us in search of a diplomatic solution to the contested status of American-owned ventures in Cuba. Specifically, they wish to organise a diplomatic summit in Havana to deal with the issue. The initial offer from the Cuban government is not entirely unreasonable, in fact, the Cubans seem to be open to genuine discussion in the pursuit of a mutually beneficial agreement but does still limit our influence over their economy and annuls the current Treaty of Cuban-American relations.
Agree to the summit.
Refuse to negotiate.
The United States Accepts the Summit
The United States has agreed to send a delegation to Havana to reach an agreement regarding the status of their plantations and businesses in our nation. Negotiations are set to begin shortly.
Negotiations begin...
The United States Refuses the Summit
The United States has refused to send a delegation to Havana and has outright rejected our demands of them.
Damn them!
Dealing With Socialist Leaders
Guiteras and many of his most prominent supporters have been captured and await their fate. While the people want his head on a spike, and who are we to refuse them, it may be best to instead condemn him to a life in prison.
Execute them.
Let them rot.
Cuban-American Agricultural Summit Begins
Our delegation has arrived in Havana and negotiations will soon begin. We should now instruct our diplomats on how to conduct themselves at the summit.
Be diplomatic.
Play hardball.
Negotiations Successful
The Americans were willing and ready to work with our delegation and as a result, negotiations have succeeded and a fair framework for our agricultural dealings has been established.
Great!
American Negotiations Breaking Down
The United States has been resistant to our demands at the summit and offered little more than the status quo. This is wholly unacceptable and some summit attendees now call for the immediate seizure of American assets as was previously planned.
Recall our diplomats.
Push back.
Negotiations Fail
Negotiations with the United States have fallen apart and their diplomats have returned to Washington. The lack of good faith on the Americans' part will not be forgotten as their countrymen's investments are repurposed for Cuba alone.
Horrible.
Negotiations Succeed
Negotiations with Cuba have succeeded and our business interests there now not only breathe a sigh of relief, but no longer must contend with the volatile Cuban political environment. Business is sure to boom.
Great!
Besieging the Traitors
Many socialists, including that bastard Guiteras, have taken refuge in what has served as the de-facto consulate of the Commune of France since that nation's establishment. We currently do not technically recognise the Commune, and as a result the Communard delegation is not endowed with the legal immunities typically granted to diplomats. Though capturing Guiteras and his ilk would surely be beneficial domestically and forcibly entering the building technically does not run afoul of any formal international agreement, it would nonetheless surely put us permanently at odds with the Commune and the International as a whole. What should we do?
Storm the building.
Disengage.
Cuba Storms our Diplomatic Mission
Cuba Storms French Diplomatic Mission
For a brief moment, the eternal flame of revolution seemed flickered to life in Cuba, but just as quickly as it was lit, it was snuffed out. The new nationalist government which rose in its place has brutally repressed those who had once affiliated with the nation's socialists and have executed many socialist leaders. The most prominent member of the socialist movement there, however, managed to find refuge in our unofficial diplomatic mission in the country with reactionary mobs at his heels. Today, the Cubans have stormed our mission and detained any and all Cuban citizens in the building.
For a brief moment, the eternal flame of revolution seemed flickered to life in Cuba, but just as quickly as it was lit, it was snuffed out. The new nationalist government which rose in its place has brutally repressed those who had once affiliated with the nation's socialists and have executed many socialist leaders. The most prominent member of the socialist movement there, however, managed to find refuge in the Communard unofficial diplomatic mission in the country with reactionary mobs at his heels. Today, the Cubans have stormed the Communard mission and detained any and all Cuban citizens in the building.
Damn them!
Cuba for the Cubans!
At last, our party's motto and rallying cry has become a reality. Cuba is truly for the Cubans and the Cuban people are increasingly enthusiastic about our government. Just as we forced the Americans to come to terms with reduce sway over our nation and eliminated the treacherous socialists in spite of Communard protest, so too shall any and all future issues break before the might of Cuba united in purpose.
At last, our party's motto and rallying cry has become a reality. Cuba is truly for the Cubans and the Cuban people are increasingly enthusiastic about our government. Just as we forced the Americans to come to terms with reduce sway over our nation and eliminated what socialists did not find refuge, so too shall any and all future issues break before the might of Cuba united in purpose.
At last, our party's motto and rallying cry has become a reality. Cuba is truly for the Cubans and the Cuban people are increasingly enthusiastic about our government. Just as we righteously seized from the Americans their stranglehold over the Cuban economy and eliminated what socialists did not find refuge, so too shall any and all future issues break before the might of Cuba united in purpose.
At last, our party's motto and rallying cry has become a reality. Cuba is truly for the Cubans and the Cuban people are increasingly enthusiastic about our government. Just as we righteously seized from the Americans their stranglehold over the Cuban economy and eliminated the treacherous socialists in spite of Communard protest, so too shall any and all future issues break before the might of Cuba united in purpose.
Viva Cuba!
Cuban Tariffs
Though the Platt Amendment which governed Cuban-American trade and relations was annulled and its successor requires only minor trade concessions on the part of the Cubans, a delegation has arrived from Cuba to petition for the abrogation of one portion of the current treaty. As part of the new Treaty of Cuban-American Relations, Cuba is required to levy substantial tariffs against non-American products. This, the Cubans argue, has caused great economic harm and contributed to the recent near-collapse of its government. To prevent another incident such as that which recently befell their nation, they say, we must concede our position on this issue.
They must respect the treaty.
It is the only way.
US Resists Tariff Adjustment
Shockingly, the United States has refused our delegation's request to approve our lowering of tariffs on non-American goods. Despite their resistance, we must lower tariffs anyway lest another revolt break out. Surely, the Americans will come to understand our position in time.
We will do it anyway.
Trade Restrictions Lifted
Following multiple rounds of heated discussion, the United States has agreed to our request to remove the tariffs on non-American goods required by the Treaty. This is a great day for Cuba!
Great!
The Guard Detains the President!
Beyond the gilded halls of the Capitol Building, nothing would seem to be amiss, but within the seat of our government, what began as a quiet day has turned into a nightmare. As the President strode confidently to the podium before the gathered congress to give a rather mundane speech on the finer points of fiscal policy, his pompous guard at his flanks, a shot rang out and standing there at the back of the room stood general Díaz and the dozen or so guardsmen around the room suddenly turned on those they had sworn to protect. Díaz it seems, had retained enough influence in the army to subvert the guard's leadership in a matter of weeks; it is the next few hours, however, that are most critical to the future of our nation. Indeed, the President's own resolve and willingness to resist Díaz in the face of great personal harm will likely make or break the coup attempt.
The President is cowed.
The President is defiant and the coup is broken up.
New Elections Called
With Cuba at last out from under the tyrannical thumb of the army, new elections, expected at long last to be free and fair, have been called. Rumours abound that President Trejo, however, will not seek re-election despite his success.
Against the odds, Cuban democracy has survived, albeit with its central figure, Rafael Trejo, no longer at the helm of the nation. Satisfied that his nation no longer needs him, the young Trejo announced not long after elections were called that he would not seek non-consecutive reelection and would retire from politics. Manuel Bisbé, despite rumours of his close association with still forbidden socialist organisations, has succeeded Trejo as leader of the Unionista party and will stand as its presidential candidate.
I love democracy!
Presidential Election
Against the odds, Cuban democracy has survived with Rafael Trejo still at the helm of the nation. Satisfied that his nation no longer needs him and wishing not to establish a precedent of Presidents running until thrown out by voters, the young Trejo, as was rumoured previously, announced not long after elections were called that he would not seek reelection and would retire from politics. Manuel Bisbé, despite rumours of his close association with still forbidden socialist organisations, has succeeded Trejo as leader of the Unionista party and will stand as its presidential candidate. Whether this will lead to the party's defeat, only time will tell. As well, the coalition between the Nuevo Liberals, Republicanos, and conservative supporters of ex-President Mario García has broken down and each party has opted to run on a separate ticket. Due to his age and failing health, however, García's candidacy is only nominal and he has no real chance at securing the Presidency. The election is sure to be close, but there must, of course, be a winner.
Following Trejo's decision to step down as Unionista party boss, the ruling coalition between the Nuevo Liberals, Republicanos, and conservative supporters of ex-President Mario García has broken down and each party has opted to run on a separate ticket. Due to his age and failing health, however, García's candidacy is only nominal and he has no real chance at securing the Presidency. The election is sure to be close, but there must, of course, be a winner.
Republicano victory.
The Liberals take it.
Bisbé's Unionistas win.
The New Cabinet
The peculiar tradition of the victorious party in our national elections offering key ministerial positions to members of rival parties has continued. No law exists, however, requiring such and there exists a healthy debate as to whether the practice should continue or perhaps even be written into law.
All Must Be Of Our Party.
Continue the tradition.
Enshrine the practice into law.
Suspending the Constitution!
In the final act of his Presidency and under the explicit threat of force from Díaz, the President has resigned. As Díaz was President of the Senate, he thereafter became president himself. President Díaz immediately declared a state of emergency and approved the 'emergency' suspension of the Cuban constitution. With these actions, Díaz's ambitions have been realised and his rule is now almost unchallenged. [CUB_hasherreraornot]
The backing of the United States was critical in both the overthrow of the brief socialist regime and the destruction of General Díaz's power bloc. Luckily, with the political pressure of the collapsing United States no longer forcing our hand, we no longer need pay lip service to the rotten constitution is currently the official foundation of our regime. Already, a new constitution has been drafted to take its place which assures our continued rule and will afford our government greater stability. [CUB_hasherreraornot]
The backing of the United States was critical in both the overthrow of the brief socialist regime and the destruction of General Díaz's power bloc. With these unsavoury groups defeated and the old liberal regime also marginalised, we no longer need pay lip service to the rotten constitution is currently the official foundation of our regime. Already, a new constitution has been drafted to take its place which assures our continued rule and will afford our government greater stability. [CUB_hasherreraornot]
Díaz's rule is now uncontested and the old liberal constitution need no longer restrict his actions. Díaz, as new President of Cuba, has suspended the constitution under the pretence of national emergency and a new constitution more in with aims of his regime is being prepared. [CUB_hasherreraornot]
Viva Díaz!
A great weight lifted from our shoulders.
Cuba rises from ruin.
Chicago Boys
Instability in the United States has driven large criminal organisations to seek to diversify their finances and if the Union is to collapse into civil war as many fear, have a refuge to physically relocate to. To this end, we sent a delegation to Chicago, under the guise of a diplomatic trip to place honour Lincoln's tomb in Springfield, to meet with representatives from the more civilised crime syndicates offering them to relocate their operations to Cuba and our government's acceptance of certain activities especially smuggling into the United States as well as the promise of amnesty in exchange for their commitment to invest in our nation's growing tourism and entertainment industries and combat domestic criminal organisations and assist our regime to that end. This arrangement was more than acceptable to all parties at the meeting and arrangements are being made to smuggle men and materiel to Cuba.
Civil war in the United States has driven large criminal organisations to desperately seek to diversify their finances and have a refuge to physically relocate to. To this end, we sent a delegation to Chicago to meet with representatives from the more civilised crime syndicates offering them to relocate their operations to Cuba and our government's acceptance of certain activities especially smuggling into the United States as well as the promise of amnesty in exchange for their commitment to invest in our nation's growing tourism and entertainment industries and combat domestic criminal organisations and assist our regime to that end. This arrangement was more than acceptable to all parties at the meeting and arrangements are being made to smuggle men and materiel to Cuba.
Despite the conclusion of the civil war in the United States, large criminal organisations, fearful of the political atmosphere emerging from the rubble, desperately seek to diversify their finances and have a refuge to physically relocate to. To this end, we sent a delegation to Chicago to meet with representatives from the more civilised crime syndicates offering them to relocate their operations to Cuba and our government's acceptance of certain activities especially smuggling into the United States as well as the promise of amnesty in exchange for their commitment to invest in our nation's growing tourism and entertainment industries and combat domestic criminal organisations and assist our regime to that end. This arrangement was more than acceptable to all parties at the meeting and arrangements are being made to smuggle men and materiel to Cuba.
A wonderful arrangement.
Senator Díaz
While he was often uncooperative during the strike, General Díaz still commands more influence than any other figure within the military and as such, his loyalty is essential to the stability of our government. As he has made his political ambitions known, using the authority of granted by the Emergency Powers Act, President Vázquez has, in an unprecedented and wholly undemocratic move, appointed Díaz to the Cuban senate and subsequently the position of Senate President. With his own political survival now intertwined with the government's, surely Díaz will be a valuable asset in maintaining order and stability.
A sensible move.
Díaz Makes His Move
Since his appointment to the Senate, General Díaz has effectively suppressed the remaining socialist cells operating in the countryside and has consolidated his control over the army. Not satisfied to merely hold the position of senate President, however, Díaz has demanded that the President dismiss his cabinet and appoint to every key ministerial position not already under control men loyal to him alone. The President has made no move to resist this political manoeuvre and in effect, the Cuban executive is now fully under general Díaz's control with Vázquez's authority existing only on paper.
A necessary action.
Into The Future
Cuban history is rife with brutality and political strife, but little can compare to the great transformation our nation has undergone since the outbreak of Black Monday and the fallout from the Havana Strike. As our nation looks to the future, many dare to hope that the new Cuba arising from this black time may be far greater than that which came before. Let us do all we can to prove such optimists correct.
History in the making.
Oil Extraction Difficulties
Some oil deposits which were initially thought to be easily accessible are much deeper than expected and lie beneath sediment which is not conducive to oil extraction. While many of these deposits are thus simply inaccessible with current extraction methods, with enough funding, some may become productive and our currently pathetic oil production may be stimulated a bit.
Increase funding.
It isn't worth it.
Oil Effort Fails
So far, despite receiving extremely generous state funding, oil extraction efforts have still not born fruit. Perhaps it is time to cut our losses and give up on furthering our oil output.
Keep trying.
Give up.
Oil Effort Succeeds
At last, we have properly surveyed and begun to properly exploit our nations bounty of oil, the black gold of the modern age. Our oil output is rising rapidly.
Great!
Further Chromium Exploration
Initial efforts to increase chromium production have exceeded all expectations, but as with any new venture, many newly established chromium operations are still not operating as efficiently as they could be. With further funding, some of these mines could produce substantially more chromium.
Approve further funding.
We cannot afford it.
Steel Production
With the steel industry experiencing rapid growth as the result of state investment, the need to adopt more advanced methods of producing steel has become apparent. One promising new technology is the 'electric-arc furnace', which thanks to the awesome power of electricity has the potential to significantly boost steel production. These new furnaces, however, are prohibitively expensive for domestic steel mills and without governmental intervention will likely not be widely in use for several decades. Should we invest in electric arc furnaces?
This is a steal...
We'll only get burned.
Rubber Importation
American business interests deemed our nation, which sits on the edge of the so-called 'rubber belt', and particularly the area around Pinar del Río suitable for rubber cultivation. This idea, however, failed to ever attract much investment. Perhaps, with the backing of the state, imported rubber trees could become yet another valuable agricultural asset. Current rubber producing nations, however, would be none too happy to have yet more competition, however, so several advisors have drawn up a proposal to secretly purchase seeds of several different varieties of tree and bring them to Pinar del Río. The eccentricities of the plan are certainly questionable, but nonetheless, funding it could be one of the best investments our nation ever made.
Greenlight the plan.
This will never work.
Rubber Importation Successful
After over a month without contact, several men have returned from abroad bearing stores of seeds from rubber trees. Already, land is being cleared and prepared for a facility for their cultivation and experimentation in rubber production.
Excellent.
First Rubber Plantation in Cuba
Wonderful news has just arrived from Pinar del Rio: the first true rubber plantation has finished construction small trees have been brought in to the site. Already, small amounts of latex are being siphoned from the trees and production of commercially viable rubber has begun.
Great!
Rubber Plantations Established
Our efforts to established more rubber plantations have borne fruit and production in Pinar del Rio has doubled in the span of just a few days. Plantations have even been established in the south of the country, which was initially thought unsuitable for rubber cultivation.
Great!
Yet more rubber plantations are now operational both in Pinar del Rio and beyond.
Yet more rubber plantations are now operational both in Pinar del Rio and beyond. While this is excellent news, rubber production has begun to run into production bottlenecks and state investment can no longer be nearly as effective in increasing output.
It was a good run.
A Few Good Men
With the forces of reaction once so prominent among the military crushed upon the anvil of socialism, those imperialist traitors who sided with Díaz and the old regime must be dealt with. Unfortunately, however, these men represent much of the best and brightest in our armed forces and while certainly some of them could be allowed to return to service in an administrative capacity and our future military initiatives would likely benefit, the fallout from such clemency could severely destabilise our regime.
The American-controlled bloc within the Army which once held our nation hostage, some among these men, however, may be redeemable. While they could never truly be trusted, some may prove valuable in administrative roles within the army and might be worthy of a pardon.
With the failure of his attempted coup, General Díaz's power-bloc has been defeated and many of his top lieutenants await trial. While throwing the book at these corrupt officers might be in our nation's best interest in the long-run, doing so may jeopardise any efforts to improve the army and as such, it may be best to pardon those officers most redeemable and carefully integrate them back into our army administration.
At last, that lecherous fool Díaz has been defeated and his fate is now entirely in our hands. While he will undoubtedly be executed, many of his allies within the military may yet still be useful enough to pardon and reintegrate into the armed forces, albeit in a purely administrative capacity, or at least grant some degree of clemency to. What should be their fate?
Let them rot in prison.
Execute them.
Pardon them.
Cuba Supports Opposition
Since our federation's establishment with the collapse of the British Empire, our fate has become increasingly linked to that of the relatively populous and economically prosperous Cuba. Though by no means a powerhouse, Cuba does hold a good degree of influence within certain economic sectors. With the Cuban government now openly supporting our political opponents, our nation has become just a bit unrulier.
Damn them.
Relations With The West Indies Federation
The West Indies are under the thumb of a regime fundamentally at odds with that of our own. Luckily, the close proximity of our two nations has allowed a network of dissidents open to cooperation with our regime to grow on its own accord. We would be smart to offer them funding. The West Indies will be liberated soon enough.
With the West Indies possessing a regime amiable to our own, we can now work to foster tiers between our two nation. One proposal which has gained much traction among members of our government is to send a delegation to seek a joint resolution declaring our mutual friendship and desire to seek closer economic and political ties now and into the future.
Fund opposition groups.
Send the delegation.
Regional Diplomacy
As the gem of the Antilles, that shining beacon of economic success in an impoverished region, it is our duty to strengthen our diplomatic and economic ties with our neighbours. The idea of hosting a Caribbean diplomatic summit in Havana for a handful of our most important neighbours has the preliminary approval of our government, but to send invitations to even those with whom we hold deep political disagreements is a subject of much debate.
As the gem of the Antilles, that shining beacon of economic success in an impoverished region, it is our duty to strengthen our diplomatic and economic ties with our neighbours. The idea of hosting a Caribbean diplomatic summit in Havana for a handful of our most important neighbours has the preliminary approval of our government, but as we hold deep ideological disagreements with all those who could be extended an invitation, such an invitation would necessarily be extended to many nations with whom we are often at odds.
Invite Only Our Ideological Brethren.
All should be given the courtesy.
Denounce them instead.
American Diplomacy
While we have already linked our fate fully with that of the Americans, we can do more yet to foster closer ties. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, a few voices dissent, claiming we have already done as much as we should to foster mutual friendship.
[WCA.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. Now that we have committed to addressing our relationship with America, surely we would be fools not to send a permanent delegation to the world's new shining beacon of liberty to our north.
[USA.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to draw even closer. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, a few voices dissent, claiming we have already done as much as we should to foster mutual friendship.
[USA.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, our present political disagreements have thrown a wrench in our mutual relations. Perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to end our dispute. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, many dissent, finding the prospect of drawing closer to the United States appalling.
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, which the new government of America claims to be the unbroken continuation of, perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to draw even closer. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, a few voices dissent, claiming we have already done as much as we should to foster mutual friendship.
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, which the new government of America claims to be the unbroken continuation of, our present political disagreements have thrown a wrench in our mutual relations. Perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to end our dispute. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, many dissent, finding the prospect of drawing closer to the new United States appalling.
[APG.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. As our nations hold no significant political disagreements, perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to draw closer. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, a few voices dissent, finding the notion of drawing closer to the new United States appalling.
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, which the new government of America claims to be the unbroken continuation of, perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to draw even closer. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, a few voices dissent, claiming we have already done as much as we should to foster mutual friendship.
[NEE.GetNameDefCap] has won the American civil war. While we have long possessed a close relationship with the United States, which the new government of America claims to be the unbroken continuation of, our present political disagreements have thrown a wrench in our mutual relations. Perhaps the time has come for our two great nations to end our dispute. To that end, it has been proposed to send a permanent delegation to our neighbour to the North to handle lobbying efforts and address our other diplomatic initiatives there. While this idea would seem to garner overwhelming support, many dissent, finding the prospect of drawing closer to the new United States appalling, especially given the connection between the New England regime and Canada.
Approach [WCA.GetNameDef].
Approach the Federal Government.
Approach [APG.GetNameDef].
Approach [ACC.GetNameDef].
Approach [NEE.GetNameDef].
We shall not interfere in American policy.
Cuba Extends a Hand
Today, we have received a request to receive a special delegation from the Cuban government. From the proposed structure of the new Cuban mission, it seems it will be tasked both with assisting Cuba's existing diplomatic offices and, more discreetly, attempting to curry favour directly with our regime.
$cuba_events.1240.d_1$ While the offer itself is surprising, as our nations are governed by regimes which would seem to be naturally opposed, perhaps through accepting their overture we could begin to repair our mutual relationship.
Let us work together.
Send the Cubans home.
Openly denounce Cuba.
The Americans Accept Our Delegation
Our great neighbour to the north has agreed to the permanent presence of an additional Cuban delegation in their country.
We drink to another era of cooperation!
The Americans Reject Our Delegation
Our great neighbour to the north has objected to the permanent presence of an additional Cuban delegation in their country.
Damn!
America Denounced Our Government
Rather than accept or even deny our proposed delegation, the Americans have denounced our regime in full and all but mocked our 'brazen' attempt at 'subversion'. This unexpected development have sent many politicians into a panic, with many demanding that our armed forces mobilise immediately in case of American invasion.
All men to the army!
Let's not make any hasty decisions.
European Relations
Whilst our partners in the USA have long been the main market for our exports, the lingering depression and rising unrest in the nation have forced our hand and negotiations have been initiated with the European Powers. As both Austria and Germany control vast swathes of the European consumer base, it is only logical that we strike a (favourable) trade agreement with either of those which could perhaps later on lead to even closer relations both economic and geopolitical.
The German Empire.
The Austrian Empire.
With our nation again looking outward, naturally we should engender a closer relationship with Europe's socialist powers. Humanity united through trade which avoids the exploitative trappings of capitalism and the bonds of national friendship is strong indeed.
[INT.GetNameDefCap].
While the Great Powers of Europe are currently unapproachable, many smaller nations may be amiable to a diplomatic campaign. Wherever possible, we should attempt to forge new trade and diplomatic relations with Europe's minor states.
Establish ties with smaller nations.
New Markets
As the nations of Latin America are slowly but surely drifting out of the American trading monopoly due to the massive wave of unrest quelling the nation and their increasing unreliability, we should approach those with sizeable customer bases that would be open to Cuban exports. Whilst ideological differences between us and them may prove an issue, we hope to reach as many consumers with our products.
Approach them.
We should stick to our older partners.
Our Allies on the Continent
As stability has returned to the American continent, we should seek closer relations to the now dominant power there and discuss the possibilities of a far reaching cooperation pact, both economic and military.
[APG.GetNameDefCap]
[WCA.GetNameDefCap]
[USA.GetNameDefCap]
[ACC.GetNameDefCap]
[NEE.GetNameDefCap]
Change in Foreign Policy
Since our old allies on the American continent no longer hold our interests dear and could potentially even prove a danger to our sovereignty, we should seek allies elsewhere be it on the European Continent or closer to home. One thing is certain though, Cuba will no longer watch from the sidelines.
[GER.GetNameDefCap]
[FRA.GetNameDefCap]
[CAN.GetNameDefCap]
[COS.GetNameDefCap]
[AUS.GetNameDefCap]
Canada shall save us from [WCA.GetNameDef]
Cuba Seeks to Join Our Faction
Fearing that the collapse of the old world order may put them on the wrong side of history, the nation of Cuba has today approached us with an offer of military assistance in case of global conflict breaking out.\n\nWhilst their contribution to the war effort would most likely be negligible, their influence in the Caribbean could provide some advantage should the theatres of war ever reach the Western Hemisphere.
Welcome to the [ROOT.GetFactionName]!
They would just be a liability.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Refused Our Offer!
Our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName] has been denied.
Well screw you too then.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Has Accepted Our Offer!
Our request to join the [FROM.GetFactionName] has been accepted.
Together, we are strong.
The island nation of Cuba has requested to join our faction.
Petition our faction leader!
Our Ally's Ally
The island nation of Cuba has requested to join our faction, with our American allies advocating on their behalf.
Welcome!
Cuba Is Denied
Our faction leader has declined to allow Cuba to join our faction.
Unfortunate.
Partnership With Cuba?
Cuba has sent a delegation to form a bilateral pact of friendship and military cooperation. While not a true alliance per se, our fates will surely become linked.
Sounds great!
Partnership With America
America has accepted our proposed bilateral military and political agreement.
Now and forever!
International Military Integration
Our Cuban ally has made a small but welcome proposal. They have proposed that, as a junior partner in our military alliance, in times of war their military administration be placed, at least nominally, subordinate to our own. While in effect, this means little, it allows our armies to share crucial information more effectively and fight slightly more effectively together.
A welcome development.
The Cuban Delegation
A Cuban delegation has arrived on our shores with only minimal notice. They have come to negotiate a new economic agreement whereby our two nations would each establish a new diplomatic mission dedicated to promoting mutual trade and economic cooperation. To sweeten the deal, Cuba has offered to pay for the renovation of some of our more outdated industrial sites.
This can only benefit us both.
We will not be beholden to Cuba.
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Accepts
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] has agreed to meet with our delegation and has indicated their amiability towards fostering closer economic ties. While it required minor concessions on our part in order to close the deal, both of our nations' bureaucracies now work to establish formal economic offices in the other's nation. While it may take a short period of time before we can begin to reap the economic benefits, it is only a matter of time.
Excellent!
New Economic Activity
Our economic mission in the West Indies Federation was quickly established and trade between our two nations has boomed. Due to increase West Indian investment, our industrial facilities also now operate a bit more efficiently.
It yields fruit!
[FROM.GetNameDefCap] Declines
Our delegation has returned to Havana without a deal; [FROM.GetNameDef] has declined to seek to further our economic and political relationship.
Unfortunate.
An Invitation
From the Cuban consulate in our capital, our government has received an interesting offer. While sporadic talks between the nations of then Caribbean and Central America have occurred to promote regional trade, deep ideological divisions and overlapping territorial claims have stymied any resolution. Cuba has proposed that such concerns be put aside for our mutual benefit to create a new permanent international body to work towards economic cooperation and mutually reduced barriers to trade. The body will have no authority over purely political disputes or formal relations between participant states. The exact details of this plan are to be discussed at a summit in Havana to occur as soon as possible.
We will attend.
Decline.
Notices of Refusal
Several states which we invited to the Caribbean summit have refused - some more politely than others.
Invitations were sent to our most important regional trade partners, but unfortunately, all parties decline. The Caribbean summit has been unexpectedly cancelled.
All who were invited have accepted our invitation to the Caribbean Summit in Havana.
We'll carry on without them.
Great!
Back Disappointment
In response to our previous refusal of Cuba's 'Caribbean Summit', the Cuban government has expressed a mild degree of anger with us, prompting our government to respond with a strongly wordly letter pushing back against their childish behaviour.
Well then.
Caribbean Summit
The Caribbean summit has been a smashing success. The attending nations have managed to settle some small economic disputes and establish a foundation for future talks. All that is needed now is our own signature as both a party and primary observer of a treaty hammered out that convention with the intent to create an independent international trade advisory board to mediate trade disputes between signatories.
Sign the agreement.
News From Cuba
The convention in Havana has been a success, our relations with Cuba and the other attending parties have improved.
Amazing.
Cuba Denounces Our Regime
Cuba has issued a formal denouncement of our regime. While this may have seemed to come out of left field, tensions between our nation and the Cubans have been slowly rising for some time.
To hell with them.
The American War Effort
While the American civil war is contained to the continent, given our close relationship with the embattled Federal government, the war has already had deep ramifications for our nation. In approaching the war and its participants, which stance should we take, cognisant of course that pursue a passive stance could anger our Federalist benefactors?
While the American civil war is contained to the continent, its outcome will undoubtedly have deep ramifications for our nation. In approaching the war and its participants, which stance should we take?
Take an active stance.
Wait and see.
Focus on limiting internal repercussions.
Cuban Materiel
Sympathising with our great struggle and the deep ideological divisions at its core, Cuba has sent military assistance consisting of small arms both old and new and stores of ammunition.
¡Gracias!
Our Place in the War
[WCA.GetNameDefCap] are our natural brothers in arms, it is paramount that we provide them assistance.
With the collapse of [WCA.GetNameDef], the future of socialism in the United States is in jeopardy. While many in our government have suggested that we work to evacuate socialist elements throughout the war-torn nation to our shores, perhaps a more consequential approach can be taken.
Support [WCA.GetNameDef].
Invade [APG.GetNameDef].
The Federal Government is progressive, support them.
[ACC.GetNameDefCap] is progressive, support them.
Smuggle socialist remnants to our shores.
Our Place in the War
Our American benefactors are embroiled in a bloody civil war. While the influence of the Federal Government still holds fast in Cuba, that influence, and our mutually beneficial relationship, balances on a knife's edge. As we have rightly decided to fully honour this relationship and take an active stance in the American Civil War, the only question now is: how should we intervene?
The American Civil War is sure to have massive ramifications on Cuba, now matter the outcome. As such, we must ensure that our nation does not come to harm by any means necessary. The only question is: how?
Support the Feds.
Fight for our friends.
The WCA must be stopped!
Support the People's Government.
Cuba Refuses to Increase Assistance
Despite our influence over Cuban politics, the Cuban government has indicated that it intends to maintain its present marginal level of support for our war effort. While Cuba is a small nation and their full support would have been but a drop in the bucket given the scale of our civil war, it is a worrying development nonetheless.
Our control is limited...
Cubans Assisting Manufacturing
Our Cuban comrades have offered to coordinate closely with our government to manufacture war materiel and civilian products on our behalf completely without compensation. While smuggling the supplies into the country can at times be challenging, Cuba's support has freed up a small amount of essential industry for other use.
Our Cuban friends have offered to coordinate closely with our government to manufacture war materiel and civilian products on our behalf completely without compensation. While smuggling the supplies into the country can at times be challenging, Cuba's support has freed up a small amount of essential industry for other use.
Truly, humanity united knows no bounds.
Praise the Lord, and pass the ammunition.
Cuban Assistance Winds Down
While Cuba's industrial capacity is relatively small, its industrial assistance was much appreciated. That assistance has now wound down however, while the war rages on. Should we ask the Cubans to pledge further support?
Make the offer.
The gesture was appreciated, leave it be.
The Americans Propose A New Agreement
With the civil war still raging, our American friends have offered monetary compensation in exchange for a new round of industrial assistance.
A boon for us both.
We cannot accept this.
Cuba Accepts
Cuba has agreed to provide further industrial assistance.
Great!
Cuba Declines
Cuba has declined to provide further industrial assistance.
Disappointing.
Cuba Supports Dissidents
While Socialist Cuba initially signalled its intention remain entirely uninvolved in our civil war, with the collapse of [WCA.GetNameDef], that position changed. The Cubans are now funnelling monetary and armaments support to socialist dissidents throughout the remain factions in the war, our own country included.
Damn Them!
Planning the War with [APG.GetNameDef]
The potential for [APG.GetAdjective] victory in the civil war is an existential threat to our nation, and one that we shall at last attempt to resolve. However, two distinct plans have been proposed by our civilian and military advisors. We could, of course, organise a full-scale invasion, landing troops in [APG.GetAdjective]-controlled Florida. Alternatively, we could begin a campaign of sabotage across those areas under [APG.GetAdjective] control, perhaps weakening their war effort to the point of defeat.
Prepare for all-out war.
Send in the saboteurs.
Cuba Attracting Dissidents
Socialist Cuba, dismayed by the collapse of [WCA.GetNameDef], has proclaimed its intention to accept any and all Americans who choose to seek asylum on its shores. Rumours abound that Cuban agents have also entered our borders to facilitate the evacuation of socialists and other dissidents. While this has yet to cause much of an impact, some known opposition groups have begun to stir, perhaps in preparation of fleeing to Cuba.
Troubling.
Flow Of Dissidents To Cuba
Over the past month, several thousand dissidents have left territories under our control for Cuba. While this has drained out reserves of men a fair bit, those who remain are more likely to be loyal to our government.
We're better off without them.
American Socialists Arrive
We have assessed the influx of refugees from war-torn America for the first time, counting several thousand arrivals, most of them of age and fully willing to serve in our armed forces if the need ever arises.
Welcome!
Flow Of Dissidents To Cuba Slows
While the rate of emigration has slowed considerably, in the last two months, a few thousand more disgruntled individuals left for Cuba.
So be it.
More American Socialists Arrive
Over the past two months, several thousand more Americans of fighting age arrived on our shores. While the great influx following the start of the policy appears to be winding down, there should continue to be a steady trickle over time.
Welcome!
War with the People's Government
Preparations for war have been completed and set in motion. While the odds are certainly against our victory in this war, like David slew Goliath, we shall fell the People's Government. Or, at the very least, weaken sufficiently to bring about its defeat in the civil war.
Like David and Goliath.
Saboteurs Ready
After weeks of preparation and the smuggling of groups of trained soldiers into America, our saboteurs are ready to spring into action across our enemy's major cities, striking key infrastructure before pulling out, hopefully without being detected. All that is needed now is one final go-ahead.
Do it.
Saboteurs
Our nation has been rocked by a series of explosions and sudden failures of key infrastructure and electrical systems. While the damage can be repaired relatively quickly and the damage is not too severe, in the short term our infrastructure may be partially impaired. Given the scale of the attacks, they were almost certainly carried out by a state actor looking to weaken our position in this terrible civil war. An investigation is under way to determine the culprit.
We'll have our revenge.
Cuba Declares War
Shockingly, Cuba, nearly irrelevant militarily, has attack Florida, land troops in the southern portion of the state. While we lack formal diplomatic ties with that horrid socialist nation, Cuba has formally presented our government with a declaration of war. Of course, while fighting the Cubans should be akin to swatting a fly, the distraction could affect our position in the civil war, which we suspect is Cuba's goal anyhow.
We'll crush those fools!
Undermining [WCA.GetNameDef]
[WCA.GetNameDefCap] poses an existential threat to our nation. As such, we must find a way to undermine their war effort.
Join with Canada.
Send in the saboteurs.
Cuban Assistance?
Cuba has offered to join our war with [WCA.GetNameDef]. While they wish to take up arms directly, perhaps the small nation could instead provide indirect support, assisting our arms production and supplying our troops.
Brothers in arms.
A support role.
The Great White North
While our nation and [WCA.GetNameDef] are not currently at war, such could break out at any time. Cuba as well fear socialist dominance and has offered to come to our aid, for whatever good that may do, it case of war.
We stand as one.
We don't need them.
Our Place In The War
Canada has accepted our proposal to join in their war with [WCA.GetNameDef]. While we have not fully thrown our lot in with the [ENT.GetFactionName], this represents a major step towards a formal military alliance with Canada.
To arms!
Cuba Joins The Fight
Cuba has declared war upon [WCA.GetNameDef] on our behalf. While they are not a military powerhouse by any means, their support is appreciated.
Wonderful!
Canada Asks For Support
Canada has declined our offer of direct military support in their war with [WCA.GetNameDef]. However, the nation has instead proposed that we produce arms on Canada's behalf in exchange for compensation. While some in our foreign service see this offer as something of a slight, it still could contribute to the defeat of the reprehensible [WCA.GetName].
We Agree.
Such disrespect!
Cuba Accepts
Cuba has agreed to support our armaments production. Perhaps this could be the start of a long and mutually beneficial relationship.
A wonderful development!
Cuba Declines
Cuba has declined to support our armaments production, producing accusing our government of some sort of unspecified slight.
An overreaction.
Canada Accepts
Canada has accepted our offer. Our promise of support against [WCA.GetNameDef] has been a major boon to mutual relations.
Wonderful!
Canada Goes To War
War has broken out between [WCA.GetNameDef] and Canada. Per our earlier promise, we should also now declare war upon [WCA.GetNameDef].
We must fight!
Identity of Saboteurs Uncovered
The nation responsible for the attacks of a month ago has been uncovered beyond a shadow of a doubt: Cuba. While we have protested diplomatically, the Cubans have been unrepentant, nearly mocking in response.
Declare War.
Once the war is over...
Canada Disregards Us
Canada has rejected our benevolent offer of support against [WCA.GetNameDef].
To hell with them!
The End of America
Our benefactors in the United States are no more, and American influence in Cuba is collapsing rapidly.
We're on our own then.
Triumph Of Liberty
Over the past few weeks, a strange feeling has settled over the nation. A Strange feeling, quite foreign, but by no means bad - far from it actually. Not only have the plethora of challenges to our democracy been vanquished, but the system that has emerged and the policy adjustments which were undertaken in response to the crisis have now become entirely normalised. Democracy itself, it seems, has not only survived, but become entirely mundane, entirely normal. With this shift in attitudes, we can at last begin to not just consolidate and protect the system, but look to the future.
If only Martí could see us now.
Constitutional Convention: Positive Rights?
The constitutional convention has now begun, with delegates from all major political parties and influential figures from across the country attending as voting delegates and observers. While the first several hours were quite productive, the fundamental nature of much of the language used in the document has become a point of contention, with Liberals preferring to exclusively define what the government should be barred from doing and Unionistas preferring that language also imply a positive obligation of the government towards assuring certain realities for the people.
Unionista arguments prevail.
The Liberals are correct.
Constitutional Convention: Discrimination
The inclusion of a passage aimed at addressing racial discrimination has become the next significant point of contention in the drafting of the new constitution. Individuals within all the major political parties object to the inclusion of the passage, arguing that such an effort to end discrimination should be addressed through normal legislation rather than mar our constitution with such an ugly and inherently divisive issue.
The passage is included.
Never!
Constitutional Convention: The Highest Court?
One final issue has prevented the Convention from adjourning once and for all. Modelled on that of the United States, the Cuban Supreme Court was meant to be independent of the other branches of government, but it became anything but. While many insist that the court simply lacked the supporting institutions to function properly, others now wish to restructure it completely and state its political mission more explicitly within the constitution.
Keep the status quo.
Restructure the court.
The General
General Díaz, not even yet forty years of age, has become larger than life, larger than the nation itself in the minds of many and with time, his control has only solidified. With crisis now a thing of the past, he can at last transition from consolidation of his rule and truly grasp the reins of state and the people.
Hail!
Machado's Man
Clemente Vázquez Bello, once a key ally of Machado has followed in his deposed mentor's footsteps, steadily consolidating his rule to now stand largely unopposed. While many common people bear great enmity towards our magnanimous President, his rule, it seems, will only be ended by the reaper himself.
Live long and prosper.
Vázquez Is Shot!
Shocking news has arrived today from Havana; while leaving a theatre with his wife, President Vázquez was shot several times by a lone gunman and was pronounced dead at the scene. Succession to is entirely uncertain and various factions within our nation's government have begun to mobilise. Senator Mendieta, a moderate and once-opponent of Vazquez, has been appointed to the Presidency in an extraordinary Congressional session while a more permanent successor is decided upon.
We stand on the brink.
Reform?
While President Mendieta has managed to contain the situation, Vázquez's sudden passing has upended the political order yet again and for fear of resurgent opposition, factions within our government now push for gradual reform as a means to maintain power. Chief among the prospective reformers is the influential José Agripino Barnet, whom the ex-Mambi Orestes Ferrara Marino himself has come out of retirement to throw in his lot with, within the foreign service. Mendieta himself, while not opposed to reform, is fearful of the return of the chaos that plagued the Unionista regime and has indicated his desire to resign the Presidency in favour of Barnet should the preservation of the status quo prove impossible.
President Mendieta has proven totally incapable of containing the political fallout from Vázquez's sudden passing, and with our essential relationship with the United States weakened, reform seems now all but guaranteed. How that reform shall take shape however is anyone's guess. Within the foreign service, the influential José Agripino Barnet, whom the ex-Mambi Orestes Ferrara Marino himself has come out of retirement to throw in his lot with, gathers support for a more moderate agenda of gradual democratisation while the Nuevo Liberal party, which previous lent our regime its support, now calls for slightly more radical change. While the Nuevo Liberals are the more powerful political entity, Mendieta now must consider his own resignation in favour of Barnet in order to preserve some modicum of the status quo.
Maintain the regime.
Mendieta resigns.
The New Liberals sweep to power!
Constitutional Convention: Strength Of The Executive
With delegates having arrived from across the country, mostly from local governments and the national legislature, the Constitutional Convention has just begun. While the first several hours were productive, the structure of the executive branch has become a point of contention. Some delegates wish that the Presidency remain much the same as it now while other delegates argue that Presidential powers to pardon criminals and appoint judges should instead be invested in the legislature, arguing that those powers had been abused flagrantly in the past. While President Barnet has agreed to abide by the spirit of the proposed restrictions as part of a 'gentleman's agreement', he and his cabinet members argue that writing such a provision into the constitution could be detrimental in times of war.
Restrict presidential authority.
Keep the status quo.
Constitutional Convention: Unicameral Legislature?
The convention is coming along well and our grand new founding document is a sight to behold. Another issue has caused great divide however: the nature of the national legislature. While our legislative body has been bicameral after the model of the United States, many reformers now wish to make it unicameral to simplify the legislative process and promote the ability of the populace to understand the division of political power. What should be done?
Unicameral.
Keep the bicameral structure.
Constitutional Convention: Ugly Past
Just as the convention prepared to adjourn, a group of average citizens burst into the chamber, shouting and screaming with security seemingly nowhere in sight. They demanded that some recognition of the state's obligation to not repeat its past behaviours both under Vázquez, Díaz, and the brief socialist regime. While they will almost certainly be removed from the building soon enough and do not appear armed, perhaps including such a provision could be wise and assuage public distrust.
Write it in.
Wait them out.
The Future Of Socialism
The fires of revolution have faded, and upon its ashes, the foundations for socialism have been built, the future of humanity of itself. Now we must look not simply to consolidation, but to our nation's future.
Viva Cuba Libre!
Settling In
Full Democratisation
What began with the revolution has come to fruition. Socialism has come fully to Cuba and the firm hand that guided this transition shall remain.
With our rule cemented and societal norms undergoing a satisfactory shift, we can now begin the process of democratisation anew. Let the tyrants of the world hear our rallying cry as we build in Cuba a true syndicalist democracy.
The immortal science!
Mella Established Political Dominance
The revolution left Cuba in a vulnerable position. Now our fearless leader, Julio Antonio Mella has returned to us, to guide the nation. We shall rise from the ashes of the reactionary, bourgeois dictatorship with our faces held high towards the dawn!
The accord between the Comunista and Revolucionario factions has held and the Trabajadores have been reduced in influence as a result. As many predicted however, cracks have begun to form as our nation has stepped further into socialism's light. To what extent shall Mella's grand vision for Cuba come to pass?
Onwards!
The Status Quo?
The initial deal forged in the aftermath of Revolucionario victory in the special session of the all-socialist congress is dead. The Revolucionarios and Comunistas are armed and fully at each other's throats. A battle is coming.
Who shall be victorious?
The Streets Again Run Red
While the Revolucionarios held firm and retained political primacy in the informal coalition with the Comunistas, Mella's ambition is truly insatiable. Today, groups of Comunista fanatics with arms procured by Comunista leadership opened fire on a group of Revolucionario-affiliated government workers over some minor interpersonal dispute. The trouble quickly spread and now barricades have been erected across the city of Havana and intermittent gunfire is heard as both sides prepare for more violence. In the legislature, Blas, Mella, and their respective factions are likewise in a standoff.
While the Revolucionarios flagged and lost political primacy in the informal coalition with the Comunistas, Blas is not to be outdone without a fight. Today, groups of Comunista fanatics with arms procured by Comunista leadership opened fire on a group of Revolucionario-affiliated government workers over some minor interpersonal dispute. The trouble quickly spread and now barricades have been erected across the city of Havana and intermittent gunfire is heard as both sides prepare for more violence. In the legislature, Blas, Mella, and their respective factions are likewise in a standoff.
The Comunistas pull off a miracle.
The Revolucionarios back down.
The Revolucionarios are crushed.
The Revolucionarios pull off a miracle.
The Comunistas back down.
The Comunistas are crushed.
A Great Day
After months of internal conflict, the Revolucionarios have been defeated. Conscious of appearances and having achieved many of his goals anyhow, Mella has signalled his intention to retain policies developed under the coalition government. Blas has disappeared seemingly into thin air, with his position within the Revolucionario faction now headed by the influential military-man Alberto Bayo.
The real Revolucionarios!
A Farewell To Arms
After months of internal conflict, the Comunistas have been defeated. Mella, it seems, has fled the country once again. Perhaps one day he me yet again return...
The storm is weathered!
Two Revolutionaries Enter
The highly publicised one-on-one meeting between Blas and Mella has begun. Within the first few minutes of conversation, pleasantries have turned to debate and anger. Primary among the issues so hotly contested is how our agrarian system might yet be improved. Mella stands firm that the institutions established in the initial wave of transformationist reforms following the socialist congress must be fine-tuned while Blas proposes that the rural masses must be the target of a campaign of political education and further attention paid to resource extraction.
Blas concedes the point.
Mella drops the issue.
Optimisation
With the economic issue out of the way for now, Blas and Mella now argue about the proper way by which efficiency might be ensured in highly politicised bureaucratic positions. Mella argue to simply enforce normal regulations and punishments without exception while Blas instead proposes that each department should create a directly elected board to supervise its activities and produce efficiency reports for our government.
Use the stick.
Create Blas's committees.
Improving The Militias
While reorganisation of the militia structure of our army is an ongoing debate within the armed forces, additional reforms have been proposed by both Blas and Mella, hoping to leverage their respective influences within various militias for political gain. Both plans hold substantial merit in of themselves however and our armed forces will surely benefit either way with the guiding hand of either man.
Mella overwhelms Blas with facts and logic.
Blas successfully makes his case.
Social Equalisation
Mella's antagonisation has prompted Blas and the Revolucionarios to propose a competing plan to Mella's plan to implement the social aspects of his transformationist ideology. While both plans call for aggressive state action to bring about gender and racial equality, the exact specifics differ.
Mella's plan is superior.
We'll go with Blas.
Compromise.
Opening Up
Following the deposition of both Guiteras and Mella, Blas has stood alone as by far the most influential political figure in the country. While that power has allowed for Blas's desired reforms to be enacted and the nation's transformation begun, the undemocratic means by which he ascended to power have proven troublesome to he and his fellows, who claim to aspire to the highest of democratic ideals. Indeed, even the failed socialist congress proposed by Guiteras originally had seem to Blas to be but a sham masquerading as democratic. With the political direction the time to re-open the political sphere has come.
Viva Cuba Libre!
The New State
Like when the guns fell silent in the Weltkrieg, the end of insurrection brought only an eerie silence, not peace. However, as our government has strengthened its rule and assuaged the economic woes which have plagued us for over a decade, we have re-awoken in the people that indomitable spirit that defined them in times of old. We can now at long last turn to the future; with President Grau at the helm, no man shall again wallow in poverty nor socialism again threaten our land. This bold new state which is in birth shall be a sight to behold indeed.
Arise Cuba fair!
Havana We Have A Problem.
Thanks to our previous decision to expand the Greenshirts, the organisation grew rapidly. Its most radical members capitalised on this growth to bring new members to their cause. The so called National Revolutionary Legion that these men founded grew significantly in recent months, and it members grew further dissatisfied with the policies of the Grau administration.\n\nThough the legionaries are few in number, they rank highly in various bureaucratic entities, and their ambition knows no bounds. When President Grau left the city of Havana today, the Legionaries made their grab for power. Though many Greenshirts still remain loyal to Grau, the military has refused to intervene as the situation in Havana has developed. The situation, it seems, is that the Legionaries have seized control of the capital and declared their leader, the author Alberto Lamar Schweyer, as acting president.
Surely this won't last.
That Didn't Take Long
Already, the provisional government, if it can even yet be called that, of the Legionary faction of the Greenshirts has begun to fray. Since his overthrow, Grau and his loyalists simply left the major cities while much of the armed forces have continued to refuse to take up arms at all, looking for an inroad back to power. That opportunity has now come in the form of the Legionary interior secretary, the famous aviator Agustin Parla Orduna. The famed Orduna, who personally commands the loyalty of many of the Legionaires, has begun to fall out of favour with his comrades. He has offered to assist the Grau loyalists in reclaiming Havana in exchange for a position in Grau's cabinet.
President Grau is re-instated.
Grau refused the deal.
AND Reinvigorated
The Asociación Nacional Democrática has become moribund in recent years. Even as part of the coalition that contested the 1936 elections, ex-president Menocal failed to make much headway. That has now all changed. The moderate Carlos Prío Socarrás, suspiciously soon after the government's announcement of a normalisation of the political sphere and the scheduling of new election, has begun to court prominent members of the AND, for all intents and purposes amidst present political realities, forming a new AND of sorts under his own, state sanctioned, leadership.
Surely he is but a puppet of Grau.
Opening Up The Political Sphere
Though political parties remain, in theory, unrestricted, great institutional pressure has been placed on the opposition and many individuals have been subjected to intimidation by Greenshirt groups. President Prío, now in control, in poised to end these practices. As the Unionists, not entirely opposed to the Authentic party were subjected to a far lower degree of suppression, it is certain that they shall form the main opposition.
Issue the decree.
Corruption Scandal Rocks Cuba
President Grau has been implicated in perhaps the most incompetent conspiracy in Cuban history. José Alemán Casharo, an upstart senator and Grau loyalists rumoured to have begun leveraging his political clout for monetary gain, has been caught in the process of bribing Grau with the ceremonial jewel of the Cuban legislature itself. Calls for the President's resignation have grown, even from within his own party.
Ramón Grau has been implicated in perhaps the most incompetent conspiracy in Cuban history. José Alemán Casharo, an upstart senator and Grau loyalists rumoured to have begun leveraging his political clout for monetary gain, has been caught in the process of bribing Grau with the ceremonial jewel of the Cuban legislature itself. While Grau no longer acts as president of Cuba, he remains as a minister without portfolio, and with his considerable clout, involves himself with the executive. Calls for the Grau's resignation have grown, even from within his own party.
Ramón Grau resigns his posts but refuses to retire from politics.
Refuse to resign.
National Symbolism
The Cuban flag is beloved by the people for its association both with early struggles for independence and the great patriot José Martí. The flag, however, among other national symbols, is intertwined with bourgeois corruption contradictory to the socialist nature of our new nation. Some have called for such symbols to be replaced, beginning with the national flag. The most prominent proposal for a new flag is based upon the Céspedes flag, a banner still with a bourgeois designer, but also more explicitly revolutionary, with modifications to make the new flag sufficiently socialist. Besides the national flag, many also call for the independence holiday to be moved from May 20th, a date connected to American imperialism, to October 10th, the date when in 1868, the Cuban independence movement began in earnest.
They must be changed.
Never!
The Woman From The Oriente
While overwhelmingly Catholic, many Afro-Cubans incorporate elements of traditional West-African religions, especially the religion of the Yoruba people, into their religious practices. To those not born into this belief system, many of these syncretic customs are shocking and morally reprehensible, even bordering on satanic.\n\nRecently, rumours that some worshippers have begun to sacrifice young children as part of an occult ritual have run amuck. While for a time, the rumours seemed to have died down, today, a group of men have arrived in Havana claiming to have travelled from Oriente province with an alleged devil worshipper, a slight Afro-Cuban woman, trailing behind them with her hands and feet bound. The woman, they say, had murdered her own child to commune with some perverse demon and authorities in Oriente had refused to discipline her. While there is a lack of evidence to point to any actual wrongdoing on her part and a plethora to justify arresting the vigilantes, the case has caused a ruckus in Havana and calls for a national investigation into the alleged sacrifice are prominent.
Arrest the men and release the woman.
These men are heroes, investigate!
A German Spy In Havana
Several years ago, evidence of at least one German spy operating in Havana came to light, but the identity of the infiltrators remained uncertain. Today, a man known as Enrique Lüning, a business man originally from Germany, has been arrested on charges of espionage and the evidence is damning. Given our current war against Germany, he will be tried by military tribunal as an enemy combatant and likely given the death penalty. This is, of course, unless his sentence is commuted to mere jail time by our administration.
Several years ago, evidence of at least one German spy operating in Havana came to light, but the identity of the infiltrators remained uncertain. Today, a man known as Enrique Lüning, a business man originally from Germany, has been arrested on charges of espionage and the evidence is damning. If allowed to stand trial, he will likely be executed and knowing this, the German government has pleaded for leniency and simple deportation.
Allow him to stand trial.
Just deport him.
Execute him.
Spare his life
Death Of A Legend
José Capablanca Graupera, among the greatest men to ever play the game of chess, and a wonderful unofficial cultural ambassador for our nation abroad, has passed away at the age of 53 of complications arising from a history of high blood pressure.
All Of Cuba is in mourning.
Independence Day
Following a long struggle against Spanish rule, culminating in American intervention in Cuba during the Spanish-American war, on May 20th 1902 the Republic of Cuba was declared. Each year, this monumental date is remembered as our Independence Day and parades and celebrations occur throughout the country. For this single day, our deeply divided people can set aside their differences and for a brief moment breathe a sigh of relief.
¡Viva Cuba!
May 20th, our national independence day, has come again, and as always, the holiday is marked by celebration and joy.
May 20th, while a monumental date in Cuban history, is tainted by the legacy of American imperialism. Today is the first Independence Day celebrated on October 10th; a day which marks Cuba's first declaration of independence declared at the onset of the Ten Years War. Concerns that the people may not take well to the new holiday were unfounded and the celebrations which have swept our nation are as jubilant as ever.
October 10th, our new national independence day, has come again, and as always, the holiday is marked by celebration and joy.
Trouble In The CNOC
Following the death of Alfredo López Arencibia, the Confederación Nacional Obrera de Cuba (CNOC) was sent into disarray and competing labour organisations were established by socialists disillusioned with its new leadership. The young firebrand Lázaro Peña González eventually succeeded to the head of the organisation with the ascent of its former chair, Sandalio Junco Camellón, himself recently returned from exile in Mexico, on the basis that he would step down in favour of Junco at the end of a single two-year term.\nDue to the failure of Peña's agitation during the General Strike, he lacks the political power to maintain control of the organisation and must make good on his promise to Junco.
Following the death of Alfredo López Arencibia, the Confederación Nacional Obrera de Cuba (CNOC) was sent into disarray and competing labour organisations were established by socialists disillusioned with its new leadership. The young firebrand Lázaro Peña González eventually succeeded to the head of the organisation with the ascent of its former chair, Sandalio Junco Camellón, himself recently returned from exile in Mexico, on the basis that he would step down in favour of Junco at the end of a single two-year term.\nDue to Peña's failure in the secure power following the success of the revolution, he lacks the political power to maintain control of the organisation and must make good on his promise to Junco.
Following the death of Alfredo López Arencibia, the Confederación Nacional Obrera de Cuba (CNOC) was sent into disarray and competing labour organisations were established by socialists disillusioned with its new leadership. The young firebrand Lázaro Peña González eventually succeeded to the head of the organisation with the ascent of its former chair, Sandalio Junco Camellón, himself recently returned from exile in Mexico, on the basis that he would step down in favour of Junco at the end of a single two-year term.\nDue to the ascendence of Julio Mella McPartland to the forefront of the CNOC's political bloc and subsequent marginalisation of the CNOC itself, the question of leadership was never settled. Indeed, the victory of the Comunista faction in the recent election is quite the surprise as both Junco and Peña's reputation Peña's reputation were quite tarnished with the rest of the party due to Peña's failure to maintain control of the CNOC and its allies following the return of Mella and Junco's full reconciliation with his old comrade-in-exile.\nThough it was Peña who led the CNOC and the Comunistas to victory in the election, Junco was quick to rebuild his base of support. He is now demanding that Peña step down as not only chair of the CNOC, but also as Cuba's executive.
Following the death of Alfredo López Arencibia, the Confederación Nacional Obrera de Cuba (CNOC) was sent into disarray and competing labour organisations were established by socialists disillusioned with its new leadership. The young firebrand Lázaro Peña González eventually succeeded to the head of the organisation with the ascent of its former chair, Sandalio Junco Camellón, himself recently returned from exile in Mexico, on the basis that he would step down in favour of Junco at the end of a single two-year term.\nThe success of the CNOC during the revolution and its subsequent integration into the Socialist party structure, however, has rendered the CNOC chairmanship and the office of the Presidency one and the same. While Junco his supporters still expect Peña to step down in both capacities in favour of Junco, with his newfound political power, Peña may well be able to hold onto power.
Out with the new, in with the old.
Peña refuses to resign.
President Mella Shot!
President Mella, while walking under guard with his wife, the increasingly politically influential Tina Modotti, was shot three times by a lone gunman. The perpetrator, a supporter of the marginalised Trabajadores, has been accused of being a foreign agent and awaits certain death in a cell beneath a police station. In the wake of Mella's shooting, Modotti has managed to cement her political position and secure appointment as acting secretary of the socialist party. Should Mella live through this ordeal, his manoeuvring wife will surely take up some of his duties.
Mella lives. Modotti remains secretary.
Mella passes away. May Modotti lead as he did.
General Election
January 28th, Election Day, has come. Which political party shall lead our fair nation for the next four years? Furthest to the left is he Revolucionario Party of Juan Blas Hernández led our nation from the brink of subjugation to its present form of democracy. To the right is the New Liberal party, the left wing of the old Liberal party of the much-maligned former President Machado. The moderate Unionist party which led the nation following the student revolution of 1929 is also in the running, it offers a more moderate political platform.
The Revolucionarios.
Unionista victory.
Nuevo Liberals take it.
January 28th, Election Day, has come. Which political party shall lead our fair nation for the next four years? Furthest to the left is Unionist party which led the nation following the student revolution of 1929, it offers a social democratic political and economic platform. In the centre is the New Liberal party, the left wing of the old Liberal party of the much-maligned former President Machado. The liberal Republican party offers the most right-wing platform, advocating laissez faire economic policies and reducing barriers to trade.
The Republicanos.
Unionista victory.
Nuevo Liberals take it.
January 28th, Election Day, has come. Which socialist faction shall lead our fair nation for the next four years?
The Revolucionarios.
Trabajadores victory.
Comunistas take it.
The Revolution Betrayed
In spite of the political divisions which troubled the then new socialist government and the influence of thinly veiled authoritarianism from the many nations which claim to practise some form of socialism, the light of socialist democracy shone brightly in our fair nation. With the Comunista victory in the recent general elections, that reality is rapidly changing. Already, the newly ruling Comunistas have strong armed and threatened their way to securing institutional change and have marginalised the influence of the other socialist factions and their influence grows by the day. Our grand socialist experiment seems to be shifting in a bold new direction.
No. The revolution is saved!
The New Cabinet
Keeping with tradition, executive cabinet positions have thus far been left vacant. Should only members of the ruling party be appointed to fill these vacancies or as in the past, cabinet positions be given to members of a variety of political parties?
All must be of our party.
Continue the tradition.
Enshrine the practice into law.
General Election
January 28th, Election Day, has come. Which political party shall lead our fair nation for the next four years? Furthest to the left is the New Liberal party, the left wing of the old Liberal party of the much-maligned former President Machado. In the centre, the liberal Republican party offers the most right-wing platform, advocating laissez faire economic policies and reducing barriers to trade. To the right, the Progressive Party, formerly of the now deceased Clemente Vázquez, has moderated slightly and taken up a platform more compatible with our current liberal democracy.
The Republicanos.
Nuevo Liberals take it.
The old guard returns.
The Return Of Machado?
Old and frail, these few years in exile in Miami have not been kind on ex-President Gerardo Machado. With the outbreak of the American Civil War, Machado has formally requested to return to Cuba. He has vowed not to return to politics and is physically unable to do so anyhow. Some among the people however would be disappointed by any display of kindness towards their old despot.
Allow him to return.
Never.
A Sad Day
The family of violinist and composer Amadeo Roldán Gardes have today announced his passing. Born to a mixed mother, Roldán was a legend among the Afro-Cuban community and thousands fill the streets to mark his passing.
Farewell!
Heavy Hearts In Havana
A true renaissance man, Alejandro García Caturla beyond his passion for the violin and music more generally, was also a judge. Today, preparing to enter his courthouse, a young man who stood accused rushed him with a knife, stabbing García several times. With his passing, the musical world is once again in mourning.
He won't be forgotten.
Cuba Severs Trade Ties
The Cuban government, ostensibly in solidarity with socialists the world over, have suspended all trade with our nation.
We don't need those socialist hooligans anyhow.
Autogyro Craze
Originally developed in Spain, the autogyro, a traditional aircraft with a large rotor powered by the movement of air, has become quite the curiosity the world over. Recently, several of Cuba's renowned amateur aviators have flown autogyros past the nation's most prominent landmarks, inspiring a craze among well-off civilians. Autogyros are now a fairly regular sight around the nation's many airfields.
A childish distraction! Rotorcraft hold no military value.
Afro-Cuban Jazz
A recent performance by local jazz artist Mario Bauzá has become the talk of Havana and the nation as a whole. The newest musical trend in certain African communities is a variation on American jazz music. While Bauzá's performance is by no means the first performance of this sort put on in Havana, it has brought the genre previously unheard of attention.\n\nHowever, many in our government and the political class in general find this new style to be irritating a best, some even accuse Bauzá and others of intentional political subversion. Whatever the case, it seems Pandora's musical box has been opened for good.
Someone silence that infernal racket!
A Country For Old Men?
With the fall of General Diaz, the army lacks for competent generals. While new commissions could always be handed out, an interesting idea has been proposed by the new cabinet. José Martí Zayas-Bazán, hero of the war of independence and son of José Martí himself resigned his commission during the Machado years and refused to take up his old position after Machado's fall because of the direction of the new army-influenced government. With democracy now set to return in full, we could offer 'El Ismaelillo' his old commission.
Make the offer.
Since the turmoil that left Vazquez and his lot essentially the last political faction standing, the army has lacked for competent generals. While new commissions could always be handed out, an interesting idea has been proposed by the new cabinet. The commission of both Alberto Herrera Franchi, who fell from power with the Havana Strike and due to his opposition to General Diaz and longstanding feud with Vazquez, was not restored thereafter and José Martí Zayas-Bazán, hero of the war of independence and son of José Martí himself, who resigned his commission during the Machado years and refused to take up his old position after Machado's fall for the direction of the new army-influenced government, could be restored. With democracy now set to return in full, surely both men would accept?
Make the offers.
Dusting Off The Museum Pieces
José Martí Zayas-Bazán has accepted our offer to once again take up his commission in the army.
José Martí Zayas-Bazán and Alberto Herrera Franchi have both accepted our offer to once again take up their commissions in the army.
Welcome back.
General Election
January 28th, Election Day, has come. Which political party shall lead our fair nation for the next four years?
The Authentic party.
The reborn AND.
The resurgent Unionistas.
Death of Mario García Menocal
Mario García Menocal has unexpectedly died today in Havana. Though he opposed the revolution, his conservative movement was once an outlet for many of the same aggrieved who now are the backbone of our nation. Many of his most loyal supporters have begun to flock to the leadership of Carlos Prío Socarrás.
Mario García Menocal has unexpectedly died today in Havana. Many of his most loyal supporters have begun to flock to the leadership of Carlos Prío Socarrás.
For better or for worse, he greatly impacted Cuba.
Upstart Naval Administrator Killed In Blast
The young Rear-Admiral Carmelo González Arias was killed today in an explosion in Havana. The bomb, disguised as a package, was planted by one Luis Buch Rodríguez, a follower of the socialist leader Antonio Guiteras Holmes. He claims he carried out the attack in retaliation for González's betrayal of Guiteras a year ago, a move that almost resulted in the death of Guiteras himself.
Worrying. And so close to the election too.
Confronting An Old Foe
Revolutionary governments now control both Peru and Cuba, transforming their respective societies according to radical policy platforms. While around the world such regimes have made fast friends, this state of affairs has only reopened old wounds for President Haya de la Torre.\n\nAs a young revolutionary, our President and the Aprist movement endured constant criticism from Cuba's Julio Mella. Today in a much publicised speech before a crowd of supporters, President Haya has issued a scathing denunciation of Mella and his regime in Cuba. A response from the Cubans is surely to come.
A rousing speech.
Peruvian Diplomatic Row
Once criticised by President Mella, it seems Peru's Victor Haya de la Torre is not one to let sleeping dogs lie, issuing an attack on our President's character and government. President Mella, for his part, quickly concluded that the best course of action would be to recall our diplomatic mission in Lima and issue a denunciation of our own.
The Aprists seemingly never learn.
Cuban Ambassador Recalled
In response to President Haya's denunciation, Havana has opted to simply recall its diplomats from Lima. While President Mella's own accompanying denunciation does not mince words, the situation, it seems, is unlikely to further escalate and relations should improve given sufficient time.
A small price to pay for dignity.
United States in Disarray
The civil war has erupted in the United States, tearing apart the last shreds of unity in the Union. American influence on our government has in a matter of days all but collapsed and this development also presents us with the chance to fully remove the American presence from Cuba by occupying Guantanamo Bay naval base. There is very little that the US government can do to stop us at this point.
Having broken free from the United States and the civil war raging still, the status of the US naval base at Guantanamo Bay has arisen. Should we seize this last piece of occupied Cuban soil?
Seize the naval base!
Rather not.
Cuba Seizes Guantanamo Naval Base
With America in turmoil, Cuba has moved its troops onto the USA-leased Guantanamo Bay naval base. There is very little that the US government can do to stop Cuba at this point.
Too bad.
Turmoil has broken the union and the United States had erupted into civil war. With the federal government unable to exert a modicum of the influence it once had, our status as all but a puppet of the United States has become increasingly flimsy. Should we expel the Americans from our government or remain loyal?
Break free.
Stay loyal.
Cuba Defies Us
Cuba has broken its obligations to us and treaties concerning our relationship and arrest several American citizens influential in Cuba. With the civil war raging, we have lost much of our influence in the country.
Horrible.
Our Friends in Havana
In spite of the civil war and subsequent collapse of our influence in their nation, Cuba has promised to remain by our side and not only support our war against the traitors, but offer to provide us with materiel where possible as well. As their loyalty seems assured and we can no longer effectively administer our naval base at Guantanamo Bay, it may be wise to transfer control of the bay over to the Cubans. Whether this will be a temporary or permanent solution, only time will tell.
Give it to them.
Keep it.
The United States Returns Guantanamo Bay
In gratitude for our loyalty and recognising their inability to administer the area, the United States has returned their concession at Guantanamo Bay to us.
Great!
The United States Defeated
The United States of America has been defeated. While this will of course also destroy their influence over our government and many loyalist politicians will be granted asylum, without our friend in Washington, our regime faces a great deal of uncertainty.
On our own then.
Reacting to the American Civil War
Rebellion has broken out across America and our government was quick to issue a response, issuing a scathing denouncement of the socialists of [WCA.GetNameDef]. Our exact stance however, has been intentionally left vague for the time being.
Rebellion has broken out across America and our government was quick to issue a response, recognising the moral righteousness of the socialist cause without formally recognising [WCA.GetNameDef] for the time being. We have also denounced the aggressive reactionary [APG.GetNameDef] of Huey Long.
A house divided...
Lázaro Peña González
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1911, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe young Lázaro Peña succeeded Sandalio Junco as boss of the CNOC totally inexperienced. Peña's meteoric rise in the short time since caught many among even Cuba's left off guard. An advocate of complete collectivisation and industrial development, Peña wears the moribund label of 'communist' with pride. Despite this, the CNOC and its leadership both past and present, have both embraced many aspects of European syndicalism and paradoxically call for cultivation of a stronger Cuban national identity in an internationalist context.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMay 29th, 1911, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Sandalio Junco Camellón
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 3rd, 1894, in Jovellanos, Matanzas Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA close associate of Julio Mella's and exiled along with him to Mexico in 1925, Junco managed to secretly return to Cuba after the Cuban student revolution and eventually rose to the leadership of the CNOC, which still retained the ideological character it had possessed in 1925. Despite working with other socialist groups out of necessity, Junco disagreed deeply with the ideology and personal character of other socialist leader such as Antonio Guiteras and Juan Blas. Eventually forced to step down from his position as chairman of the CNOC by disaffected younger members, Junco retained a large of degree of influence within the organisation and the 'Comunista' faction of the Cuban Socialist Movement. As President, Junco seeks total collectivisation of land and the nation's rapid forced industrial development.§!
Julio Mella McPartland
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 26th, 1903, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrandson of Dominican hero, Matías Mella, Julio Mella had his first run in with the law as a first year university student during the tenure of president Zayas. As President of the ideologically socialist University Students Federation, Mella attempted to resist the authoritarian regime of Gerado Machado. For this, he was exiled to Mexico for the next eleven years. Upon his return, Mella quickly re-established his position within the Cuban left and brought with him a new ideology known as 'transformationism' influenced by Mexican agrarian socialist strains of thought. As President, Mella seeks to turn Cuba into a model for 'transformationism' for the world, no matter the cost or who may attempt to stand in his way.§!
Tina Modotti
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 16th, 1896, in Udine, Kingdom of Italy§!\n§YBackground:§! §LA noted photographer of Italian origin, Tina Modotti came to Mexico in 1922 to follow a Mexican lover. Years later, she met and, out of character with her history of moving from one affair to the next, eventually married Cuban exile, Julio Mella. Upon the Cuban socialist revolution, Modotti returned with her new husband to the island, helping to re-establish his political career from the moment her feet first touched Cuban soil. After climbing through the ranks of her husband's government, Modotti succeeded him upon his death, becoming Cuba's first female head of state. She remains committed to her husband's Transformationist ideology and authoritarian style of governance.§!
Antonio Guiteras Holmes
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1906, in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs leader of the Cuban Socialist Party following the Cuban revolution of 1928, Guiteras was a thorn in the side of Cuba's military kingmakers and instrumental in the survival of the party and socialism in general in Cuba following the events of 1935. Now, as chairman of the broad 'Socialist Movement', successor to the old party, and President of Cuba, Guiteras will undoubtedly be equally involved in shaping the future of the nation. While Guiteras is a relatively orthodox syndicalist, he possesses his own unique ideological quirks which could be crucial to the nation's ultimate fortune.§!
Raul Roa García
§YBorn:§! §LApril 18th, 1907, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LGrandson of a decorated Mambí, Raúl Roa first developed his revolutionary socialist ideals as a student activist against the regime of Gerado Machado. Upon his release from prison, he worked closely with extralegal socialist opposition groups and the ideologically mixed 'University Student Directory' at the University of Havana. While not a direct participant of the protests which precipitated Machado's ousting, he found a platform writing for various left-wing publications, gain a good degree of celebrity among Cuban socialists. While Roa was only appointed to the office of the Presidency as part of a compromise between Cuba's feuding socialist factions, he possesses a knack for leadership and public speaking beyond his years.§!
Juan Blas Hernández
Often compared to Nicaragua's Sandino, Juan Blas Hernández waged a years-long guerrilla war in Cuba's southern hills. He is first and foremost a man of the people, and more than willing to fight and bleed for the sake of the nation's least fortunate.
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1879, in Matanzas, Matanzas Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_juan_blas_hernandez_desc_body$ Now in power, President Hernández seeks not only to live up to his grandiose rhetoric, but the larger-than-life reputation he has garnered among many in the Cuban peasantry.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 20th, 1879, in Matanzas, Matanzas Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_juan_blas_hernandez_desc_body$§!
Alberto Bayo y Giroud
Expelled from the Cuban Air corps for pistol-dueling another airman, Alberto Bayo joined the Spanish Legion and fought in that nation's colonial war in northern Morocco. Returning to Cuba in 1932 following the dissolution of the short-lived Spanish Republic, Bayo joined with the rebel Juan Blas, training guerrillas to fly whatever small aircraft they managed to capture. Eventually, Bayo relationship with Blas grew to the extent that each man became the other's closest confident.
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1892, in Port-au-Prince, Camagüey Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_alberto_bayo_giroud_desc_body$ With Blas's untimely 'departure' from the struggle, Bayo took up leadership of those who would still pledge their loyalty to the wider movement Blas had led.§!
§YBorn:§! §LMarch 27th, 1892, in Camagüey, Camagüey Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_alberto_bayo_giroud_desc_body$§!
Rafael Trejo González
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 9th, 1910, in San Antonio de los Baños, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAs a young law student at the University of Havana, Rafael Trejo González grew increasingly disillusioned with the authoritarian regime of Gerardo Machado Morales. He joined the newly founded anti-Machado 'University Student Directory', established along the lines of the defunct 'University Student Federation', as well as the equally disaffected 'Law Students Association'. By late 1927 he had become influential in the former and the President of the latter. Trejo's impassioned yet collected denunciations of Machado and his influence within the university as well as his close association with Socialist disciples of exiled former student leader, Julio Mella McPartland, led to his forced dismissal following pressure from Machado's government. In response, Trejo and other student leaders led demonstrations in Havana which swelled in size and became something of a general riot against Machado. Importantly, these demonstrations gained the open support of elements of the Cuban Army, leading to the overthrow of Machado.\n\nAs a leading figure within the revolution, Trejo became something of a celebrity among the Cuban people almost overnight after the revolution's success. His and other student leaders' subsequent participation in the founding of the new Cuban People's Party shortly thereafter catapulted the organisation to prominence, even amidst highly public conversations about the establishment of a non-partisan political system favoured by the army. As such, not wanting to be understood to disregard the constitutional order it sought to been seen as helping to re-establish, the politically ambitious (and equally politically green) army leadership did little to stop the early rise of the party, and it came to initially fill the vacuum left by the prohibition on political participation for former members of the Machado regime in effect at that time. While the young Rafael Trejo did not initially hold any position within the post-Machado caretaker government, following a series of presidential ousters in the face of rising military influence over civilian government, Trejo was appointed interim President over his older and more experienced colleagues with the backing of the army, who figured that he would prove pliable given his extremely young age.§!
Manuel Bisbé Alberni
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 28th, 1906, in Santiago de Cuba, Oriente Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LAmong the founders of the Cuban Authentic Party, Manuel Bisbé Alberni and other more moderate members left the organisation shortly before the bloodbath of 1935, and like many other ex-Authentics, joined with the Unionistas. Rumours circulated during the Havana Strike that Bisbé was directly involved with some moderate dissident groups, and while such speculation was never confirmed, Bisbé's appointment to boss of the Unionista Party following Rafael Trejo's retirement was almost certainly motivated his favourability among the dissatisfied.§!
Carlos Céspedes Quesada
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 12th, 1871, in New York City, New York, United States of America§!\n§YBackground:§! §LCarlos de Céspedes, son of the Cuban independence hero of the same name, spent decades in politics and the Cuban diplomatic service. While ostensibly loyal to Machado during that pivotal tyrant's tenure, Céspedes secretly worked to undermine his regime, coordinating closely with other disaffected Liberal party members. Soon after the student revolution, Céspedes returned to elected office with a stint in the Senate, wherein he founded the New Liberal Party to unite like-minded former Liberals who with the dissolution of the Liberal Party lacked any formal association. As president, Céspedes looks to return Cuba to the early days of the Zayas regime, without the alleged corruption of course, and with a consciousness for often overlooked social and political realities.§!
Miguel Mariano Gómez
§YBorn:§! §LOctober 6th, 1889, in Sancti Spíritus, Santa Clara Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LThe son of Cuba's second president, José Gómez, Miguel Gómez was first elected to national public office during the Machado era. While he begrudgingly followed the Liberal Party line and lent Machado his support, he was among the most vocal supporters within the legislature of the student demonstrations that toppled the Machado regime. Following the success of the student revolution and the collapse of the Liberal Party, Gómez founded the Republican Party along with other moderate members within the defunct Liberal Party's right-wing. Opposed to undue regulation, Gómez envisions a Cuba enriched by a flourishing financial sector and booming trade with the wider world.§!
José Agripino Barnet y Vinajeras
§YBorn:§! §LJune 23rd, 1864, in Barcelona, Province of Barcelona, Kingdom of Spain§!\n§YBackground:§! §LFollowing a long and illustrious career as a diplomat, Jose Agrapino Barnet was appointed as President by an outgoing Carlos Mendieta. While many assumed his Presidency would be a fleeting 'lame duck', Barnet approaches his position with a degree of professionalism rarely seen in Cuba's cutthroat political atmosphere.§!
Mario García Menocal
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 17th, 1866, in Jagüey Grande, Matanzas Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LPresident from 1913 to 1921, many Cubans look back on Menocal's time in office with great fondness. Before the scandals of Zayas and the tyranny of Machado, the man remains one of Cuba's most respected heads of state. Following the revolution of 1928 and worried with the nation's political direction, Menocal re-entered politics and was elected to the Cuban senate. There, he and his new National Democratic Association allied with the remnants of the old Liberal Party to oppose, at least ostensibly, the military and Unionistas alike.§!
Carlos Prío Socarrás
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1903, in Bahía Honda, Pinar del Río Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in the small, coastal town of Bahía Honda, Carlos Prío Socarrás was educated at the University of Havana and graduated in 1927. His time as a student was marked by significant political tumult as the university became an epicentre of the rising opposition to Gerardo Machado's rule. Socarrás and many of his fellow students mobilised to protest the increasing authoritarianism of the former hero of the Independence Movement. As a co-leader of the Student Directorate leading the demonstrations, Socarrás was arrested shortly after his graduation by government forces and spent about a year in prison before the 1928 Student Revolution secured his release.\n\nAs Cuba's new government found its footing, Carlos Prío Socarrás helped found the new Auténtico party and was a key aide to Ramón Grau San Martín. However, he recently opted to join ex-President Menocal's ailing Asociación Nacional Democrática, a move that shocked some and was perceived as an effort by Grau to create a controlled, conservative opposition to his ostensibly democratic rule. Socarrás has achieved a suspicious amount of success in his new party, rapidly taking party leadership after Menocal's death and seeing a sudden rise in party membership. A recent corruption scandal and Grau's resignation has resulted in Carlos Prío Socarrás rise to the Presidency. Puppet or not, he and ‘his' Asociación Nacional Democrática are now at the helm of the Cuban nation.§!
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 14th, 1903, in Bahía Honda, Pinar del Río Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Clemente Vázquez Bello
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 23rd, 1887, in Santa Clara, Santa Clara Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LClemente Vazquez was among president Machado's closest confidants and the President of the Senate for most of Machado's tenure, and despite many close calls, survived multiple attempts of his life following Machado's downfall. Unlike so many of old Liberal party, Vazquez held fast to the authoritarian model for the presidency established by Machado. Thanks to American brokerage of several informal deals with General Diaz, Vazquez returned to Cuban politics after only a short stint laying-low in the American embassy, and quickly found his feet. As President, Vazquez continues to emulate his older mentor, and many Cubans find his rule to be nearly indistinguishable from that of Machado.§!
Carlos Mendieta Montefur
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 4th, 1873, in San Antonio de las Vueltas, Santa Clara Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LSenate President Mendieta succeeded Clemente Vazquez as President of Cuba following the latter's assassination, and Vazquez's shoes have proven hard to fill. Regardless, Mendieta, though calls for reform abound, even from within his own party, attempts to maintain the character of the executive established under his authoritarian predecessor.§!
Ramón Grau San Martín
As a professor at the University of Havana's medical school, Grau with other dissidents within the faculty and student body to resist the rule of Gerardo Machado. While Grau was not directly involved in organising the mass student protests which catalysed the revolution of 1928, he and his supporters quickly emerged as a powerful political force in the chaotic time immediately thereafter. A staunch nationalist, he was far from satisfied with the post-revolutionary status quo and while he initially supported the Unionistas in their power struggle against the military, his ever-increasing disdain for the socialist-bloc, and desire to limit the influence of the United States, led to his utilising extra-legal means to achieve his goals. Grau came to head a prominent paramilitary group, 'The Greenshirts', and while he still espouses democratic ideals, his rhetoric, like his position, has become decidedly thuggish.
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1881, in La Palma, Pinar del Río Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_ramon_grau_san_martin_desc_body$\nAmidst the chaos following the election of 1935, Grau, now operating from the countryside where government rule had all but collapsed, hardened into the man he is today; both an idealist and a tyrant, steadfast yet so quick to compromise his beliefs, Ramón Grau San Martín is a walking contradiction.§!
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 13th, 1881, in La Palma, Pinar del Río Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_ramon_grau_san_martin_desc_body$§!
Martin Díaz Tamayo
As a junior officer stationed near the Cuban Presidential Palace, Martin Diaz first came to prominence at the head of a contingent of soldiers who joined with the student revolution of 1928. Finding himself at the forefront of a rapidly coalescing faction within the military and granted the rank of General, the merely thirty year old Diaz soon became the most powerful individual in Cuba, even more influential in the nation's politics than the President himself.
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1904, in Pinar del Río, Pinar del Río Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_martin_diaz_tamayo_desc_body$ Now, years later as President in his own right, Diaz stands nearly unopposed as the luminous sun around which Cuban politics orbit.§!
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 11th, 1904, in Pinar del Río, Pinar del Río Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §L$CUB_martin_diaz_tamayo_desc_body$§!
Alberto Lamar Schweyer
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 6th, 1902, in Matanzas, Matanzas Province, Republic of Cuba§!\n§YBackground:§! §LBorn in Matanzas, Alberto Lamar Schweyer began writing at a young age, joining the editorial office of the Heraldo de Cuba at age 16. As a young man, he participated in revolutionary nationalist intellectual circles in the post-Spanish era of Cuba. He met many leading figures at the Marti Café and grew convinced of the need for Cuba to assert its independence from its new American overlords. However, he turned away from the Grupo Minorista, a left-leaning anti-Imperialist group, and was cast out as a traitor for his tacit support for the Machado dictatorship.\n\nEmbittered and drifting, he soon found himself aligned with the Greenshirts, a radical, nationalist paramilitary group. While nominally under the control of the Auténticos, the Greenshirts have proven difficult to control. Rebelling against their former leader Ramón Grau, they have overthrown his government and have placed Alberto Lamar Schweyer as their interim President. The situation remains tense and whether or not he will emerge as anything more than a figurehead (or with his head attached at all for that matter), remains to be seen as Cuba turns to extremism.§!
Nicolás Cristóbal Guillén Batista
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 11th, 1902, in Camagüey, Camagüey Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Jesús Menéndez Larrondo
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 14th, 1911, in Encrucijada, Las Villas Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Francisco Blas Roca Calderío
§YBorn:§! §LJuly 24th, 1908, in Manzanillo, Oriente Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Eduardo René Chibás Ribas
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 26th, 1907, in Santiago de Cuba, Oriente Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Manuel Urrutia Lleó
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 8th, 1901, in Yaguajay, Las Villas Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Pedro Pablo Cazañas y García
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 5th, 1902, in Matanzas, Matanzas Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Alfredo Ignacio Llaguno Canals
§YBorn:§! §LDecember 12th, 1902, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Ramón Francisco Crusellas Touzet
§YBorn:§! §LAugust 29th, 1889, in Havana, La Habana Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!
Jaime Mariné Montes
§YBorn:§! §Lin the Kingdom of Spain§!
Alberto Herrera Franchi
§YBorn:§! §LSeptember 1st, 1874, in Santa Clara, Captaincy General of Cuba§!
Manuel Lopez Migoya
§YBorn:§! §LMay 3rd, 1900, in Cabañas, Pinar del Río Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Genovevo Pérez Dámera
§YBorn:§! §LJanuary 3rd, 1910, in Matanzas, Matanzas Province, Republic of Cuba§!
José Francisco Martí Zayas Bazán
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 22nd, 1878, in Havana, Captaincy General of Cuba§!
Ernesto Julio Usatorres Ubieta
§YBorn:§! §LNovember 7th, 1908, in Havana, La Habana Province, Republic of Cuba§!
Mario Torres Menier
§YBorn:§! §LFebruary 12th, 1892, in Havana, La Habana Province, Captaincy General of Cuba§!
